<doc id="18748880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748880" title="Dime (Beth song)">
Dime (Beth song)

"Dime" (, "") was the Spanish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003, performed in Spanish by Beth.
The song was performed twelfth on the night, following Russia's t.A.T.u. with "Ne Ver', Ne Boysia", and preceding Israel's Lior Narkis with "Milim La'ahava". 
At the close of voting, it had received 81 points, placing 8th in a field of 26.
The song was succeeded as Spanish representative at the 2004 contest by Ramón with "Para llenarme de ti".

</doc>
<doc id="18748881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748881" title="Bear Islands">
Bear Islands

The uninhabited Bear Islands are located in James Bay, southeast of the Belcher Islands. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They are made up of the North Bear Island and South Bay Island. Nearby is Sunday Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18748883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748883" title="House at 13 Annis Street">
House at 13 Annis Street

The House at 13 Annis Street was built in 1880 and is a historic house in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Annis was one of the first streets to experience residential development due to the expansion of the Arlington textile Mills. It lies in what is now the Arlington Mills Historic District, the area immediately to the west along Stevens Pond of the Spicket River. The mills employed thousands of Lawrence and Methuen workers and owned little operative housing.
This building is representative of the inexpensive dwellings built by speculators for sale to woolen mill workers, a 1½-story gable-roofed worker's cottage which became common throughout the area.
It is a well preserved example, in an area where there has been considerable demolition and alteration. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748889" title="German state railway norms">
German state railway norms

In German railway engineering, norms ("Normalien") are standards for the design and production of railway vehicles. In the 1880s and 1890s, Prussian norms were developed for the locomotives, tenders and wagons of the Prussian state railways under the direction of the railway director responsible for railway engineering, Moritz Stambke. Later, these were largely adopted by the other state railways ("Länderbahnen") in Germany.
Technical drawings.
These norms are defined by technical drawings to 1:40 scale on individual sheets and show the locomotives and wagons as full design drawings, referred to by their sheet ("Musterblatt") numbers. The first drawings date from 1878. In 1885 the Minister for Public Works tasked the Hütte Academic Institute with the publication of the norms. The drawings were regularly updated as technical developments occurred. The last Prussian drawings were issued in 1923.
Goods wagons.
The design drawings for goods wagons were of special importance. The wagons built to these specifications appeared in large numbers and formed the bulk of the German wagon fleet until well after the Second World War. The 1973 DR Goods Wagon Handbook still contained most of the DSV wagon classes as well as the former Prussian Class IId wagons. The most important types are listed in the following table. Note that group IIb are goods wagons based on old designs, IIc goods wagons under 15 ton maximum load and IId goods wagons with at least 15 tons maximum load. A-group wagons are those built to the standard drawings of the DSV. Wagons according to sheets with other nos. are special designs, of which some were also built in large numbers.
Other examples.
Other examples of Prussian norms are:

</doc>
<doc id="18748891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748891" title="Cherry pitter">
Cherry pitter

A cherry pitter is a device for removing the pit from a cherry, leaving the cherry relatively intact. Many styles of cherry pitter exist, including small tools held in the hand, domestic crank-operated machines with a hopper, and industrial machines.
Use of a hand-held cherry pitter involves first removing the stem, then pushing a retractable plunger through the cherry so that the stone is pushed out the other side.
A great homemade alternative to a cherry pitter is an unbended paperclip. Insert the large end into the cherry, then twist and pull out the pit. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748896" title="James Byrnes">
James Byrnes

James Byrnes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748897" title="Sulili">
Sulili

Sulili was the name of an ancient Assyrian king. He was the son of the forefather Aminu, and would have ruled ca. 2000 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18748898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748898" title="Lee Phillips (footballer born 1979)">
Lee Phillips (footballer born 1979)

Lee Phillips (born 18 March 1979 in Aberdare) is a Welsh-born footballer who is currently player/manager for Aberdare Town F.C..
Career.
Phillips began his career at Cardiff City, making his debut in a 3–2 win over Hartlepool United in February 1997 as a replacement for Scott Young. During the following years he found opportunities hard to come by at the club before moving on to League of Wales outfit Barry Town in 2000 where he made just under 100 appearances including some appearances in European competition.
He then moved to Football Conference side Forest Green Rovers before returning to Wales to sign for Newport County. In June 2005 he signed for Llanelli, captaining them to the league title before joining Port Talbot Athletic in June 2008. However he made a controversial return to Llanelli just 27 days later. In August 2010, he joined Carmarthen Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18748904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748904" title="Lyshornet">
Lyshornet

Lyshornet is a mountain in the municipality of Os, Hordaland, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18748911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748911" title="House at 113-115 Center Street">
House at 113-115 Center Street

The House at 113-115 Center Street, built in 1880, it is a historic building in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Center Street was one of the first streets to experience residential development due to the expansion of the Arlington textile Mills. It lies in what is now the Arlington Mills Historic District, the area immediately to the west along Stevens Pond of the Spicket River. The mills employed thousands of Lawrence and Methuen workers and owned little operative housing.
This residence is one of the few surviving example of an early two family duplex house (side by side house) seen in approximately six locations throughout the District. 
It is a well preserved example, in an area where there has been considerable demolition and alteration. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748916" title="Missed connection">
Missed connection

A missed connection is a type of personal advertisement which arises after two people meet but are too shy or otherwise unable to exchange contact details. The Missed Connections section of Craigslist gets thousands of ads of this type every month for cities such as New York and San Francisco.
The feature was started by Jim Buckmaster, Craigslist's CEO, after he noticed a common type of posting in their personal ads, which he characterised as "you-smiled-at-me-on-the-subway-platform". He sees the format as addressing a common human need and being ideal for romantic comedy, "Missed Connections give people that second chance ... They represent persistence in the face of long odds, which definitely adds to their artistic appeal." A variety of such artistic works have been developed including illustrations, movies, plays, poetry and songs.
Other major cities have similar columns in Craigslist and their own local media. For example, London's "Metro" newspaper has a "Rush-hour Crush" column for commuters who exchange glances but nothing more. Many connections are re-established and couples have become married in this way, such as "tall rugby player" and "beautiful lady in the red dress with long brown curly hair".
Distribution.
The nature and location of missed connections have been analysed. Across the USA in 2013, the breakdown by sex was:
In the Pacific NW, the most common location was on the bus. In the Pacific SW, it was the gym. In the North East, it was the subway and train. In the Midwest, it was the supermarket. In Texas and the Gulf, it was Walmart.
Implementation.
The online format for this on Craigslist scrolls so that postings disappear after 45 days. This gives a second possibility of a poignant loss as the posting might not be seen in time to reunite the couple. Mobile phone apps such as Grindr have been created which facilitate hook-ups between strangers immediately. These require location data which may be a security concern. Protocols for facilitating such encounters more safely have been proposed.
Art, Comedy, Movies, Plays and Poems.
The topic has been used as a theme by artists and authors. The New York Transit Museum held a special exhibition of such work on Valentine's Day of 2011. Sophie Blackall's "Missed Connections: Love, Lost and Found" was featured. One of her favourites was "We Shared a Bear Suit at an Apartment Party" — "I thought that was brilliant. How could you share a bear suit with somebody and not exchange any details? It seemed like such an intimate thing to do." Poet Alan Feuer was also featured. He has turned such entries into poetry with themes such as elevators or intoxication; for example:
<poem>
To Jennifer the Chinese Girl Who Drank and Passed Out
Jennifer the Chinese girl
who passed out.
You met me
the tall european guy
and I invited you for a drink.
I bought the half pitcher of sangria
You downed those three drinks
and I told you
you were drinking too fast
and to sip them
O.M.G. you passed out in the bathroom
and the owners called an ambulance
I feel so bad ...
I never got your number
and I want to know
that you are OK.
</poem>
Other artistic uses of the theme include "Missed Connections NY" — a theatrical presentation of thirteen vignettes — and comic songs by the Upright Citizens Brigade. A variety of romantic movies have been made about couples meeting through personal ads such as "Desperately Seeking Susan" and "Sleepless in Seattle". One movie was named after the Craigslist feature — "Missed Connections". It starred Sting's daughter, Mickey Sumner, and opened at the Savannah Film Festival in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18748919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748919" title="House at 10 Park Street">
House at 10 Park Street

The House at 10 Park Street or the E.M. Clark House is a historic house at 10 Park Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.
The E.M. Clark House built around 1880 is a well preserved Italianate style single family residences, most closely associated with the development of Methuen during the post-war expansion to service the local mills. E. M . Clark, an early resident, listed his occupation as a shoe manufacturer.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748922" title="Daúd Gazale">
Daúd Gazale

Daúd Jared Gazale Álvarez (born 10 August 1984) is a Chilean footballer of Palestinian descent who last played for Mexican club Dorados de Sinaloa as striker.
Club career.
Deportes Concepción.
Gazale began his career in Huachipato, making his debut in that same team, but his professional debut would not be up until 2004 with Deportes Concepción. He is a very skillful forward, with a lot of speed, and strength, great ball control, goal scorer, and play maker. He is the new southern promise among his generation.
Colo-Colo.
In 2008 he received many offers from other clubs. He gained European interest from French club Paris Saint-Germain and Spanish club Real Betis. He also received offers from three major Chilean clubs, Universidad Católica, Universidad de Chile and Colo-Colo. He finally signed a four-year deal with Colo-Colo in a deal worth 400,000 US$.
He scored his first goal with Colo-Colo on 25 June 2008 against Club de Fútbol Universidad de Chile at the stadium Tierra de Campeones in Iquique playing for the "Copa Gato". The next day, 26 June, he was presented at Estadio Monumental together with Macnelly Torres and Luis Pedro Figueroa as new additions to the Colo-Colo squad.
Universidad Católica.
On 17 August 2011, it was confirmed that he joined Universidad Católica as a free agent on a one-year deal. Gazale made his debut on 23 August 2011 coming on as a second half substitute for Kevin Harbottle against O'Higgins. On 16 November 2011, he scored his first goal for Católica in the Copa Chile second leg final against Magallanes, giving the title to the club of Las Condes after sixteen years and also the qualification to the Copa Sudamericana of the next season and winning his first trophy at the team. Two days later, was confirmed his ankle injury after the game, due to a strong kick of the striker of Magallanes, David Córdova.
After 133 days without play, on 28 March of the next season, he re-appeared against Unión Española in a 2012 Copa Libertadores game, in where also scored the victory goal in the 87th minute, scoring also the following week in a 5–1 home victory over Cobreloa at San Carlos de Apoquindo.
FC Oțelul Galați.
On 20 December 2012, it was confirmed that he joined Romanian FC Oțelul Galați as a free agent on a two-year deal. However, few months later, he terminated his contract for a reason concerning he did not received his regular salary.
Dorados de Sinaloa.
On 6 September 2013, Gazale joined Ascenso MX side Dorados de Sinaloa.
International career.
The great season that Gazale had with Deportes Concepción gave him a lot of notice, being that Eduardo Berizzo nominated him to play for the Chilean national team that played a tournament for Under-23 players in Malaysia.
The idea of the coaching staff is for him to adapt himself to the coaching work of Marcelo Bielsa for a future nomination for the 2010 World Cup qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="18748926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748926" title="Inuujarvik Territorial Park">
Inuujarvik Territorial Park

Inuujarvik Territorial Park is a park in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located along the shore of Baker Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="18748942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748942" title="House at 15-19 Park Street">
House at 15-19 Park Street

The House 15-19 Park Street or Henry Preston House is a historic house at 15-19 Park Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Built around 1840, 15-19 Park Street was originally built as a one story house belonging to Henry Preston who had a wheelwright shop next door. Assessor's records indicate that in the 1850s, the house belonged to Enoch A. Merrill, and in 1875 the estate of Enoch A. Merrill was taxed to Joel Foster. The barn, which still exists, appears of the map between 1872 and 1884. Foster, who owned other farm sites in Methuen, was named the leading farmer in Essex County in 1884.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748952" title="Lehrgeschwader 1">
Lehrgeschwader 1

Lehrgeschwader 1 (LG 1) (Demonstration Wing 1) formerly "Lehrgeschwader Greifswald" was a Luftwaffe multi-purpose unit during World War II, operating fighter, bomber and dive-bomber "Gruppen". The unit was formed in July 1936. The unit operated most of the prominent German aircraft during the conflict, such as the Messerschmitt Bf 109, Messerschmitt Bf 110, Dornier Do 17, Heinkel He 111, Junkers Ju 88 and Junkers Ju 87.
History.
The unit was created to control the "Lehrgruppe" in the Luftwaffe. "Stab"/LG 1 was formed in July 1936, and on 1 April 1937 the Stab Gruppe was officially created along with I.("leichte Jagd"), II.("schwere Jagd"), III.("Kampf") and IV.("Stuka") "Gruppen".
War Time Service.
Poland.
On 25/26 August 1939 the unit mobilised. Assigned to "Luftflotte 2", the "Geschwader" suffered light losses. I.("Zerstörer")/LG 1 lost only three Bf 110s in September.
II./LG also took part. Operating He 111s the "Gruppe" began operations with 39 He 111s (34 operational), and struck at targets in and around Warsaw. The unit also undertook naval strike missions against Royal Navy vessels off the Norwegian coast on 6 October. III./LG 1 also took part, committing 39 He 111s to the battle. Exact losses are unknown, but light.
IV.("Stuka") unit, also began its military operations over Poland. Equipped with the Ju 87 "Stuka", the "Gruppe" supported the "XI.Armee" until withdrawn from operations on 29 September. During the campaign, the unit was transferred to "Luftflotte 1".
Scandinavia: The Invasions of Denmark and Norway.
I.(K)/LG 1 undertook some armed reconnaissance missions along the Norwegian coast in late April 1940, without suffering casualties. The unit reported three losses. Whether these losses were inflicted as a result of enemy action is unknown. 
II./LG 1 undertook missions against Allied shipping. On 1 May 1940, the Norwegian hospital ship "Dronning Maud" was sunk by this unit.
France and the Low Countries.
The "Geschwader" lost 55 aircraft in the battle, 50 of them in combat. LG 1 records reveal the unit claimed seven Allied ships sunk and 23 damaged, along with 19 Allied aircraft shot down in aerial combat. I.(K)/LG 1 began the campaign with 30 He 111s, of which 22 were combat ready. The "Gruppe" took part in the Battle of Dunkirk, and spent the majority of its time heavily engaged with Allied Naval forces.
II./LG 1, operating under "Luftflotte 2", was tasked with direct ground support, Air interdiction, and logistical strikes against the enemy. Operating with 18 of its 26 He 111s at the start of the campaign, it hit the French airfields at Lille on 10 May. On 12 May a raid against Vlissingen harbour cost II. "Gruppe" two Heinkels. The "Gruppe" also took part in the Battle of Hannut, attacking Allied positions in Belgium, losing one He 111. The unit were withdrawn from the front-line for five days to convert to the Ju 88. During further operations against Allied rail targets, a further loss, a single Ju 88, was sustained on 20 May in the Amiens area.
II. "Gruppe" was tasked the missions against Naval forces until the end of the Dunkirk evacuation. Several missions against Ostend and Dunkirk's harbours were flown from 25–31 May. This particular unit also took part in "Unternehmen Paula", a 1,000 aircraft assault on French airfields in and around Paris on 2 June 1940, without loss. Missions over the Loire Valley continued until the 22 June 1940.
III. "Gruppe" also participated . Committing 12 He 111s and 37 Ju 88s it supported II. "Gruppe" and its operations. IV.("Stuka")/LG 1 undertook ground attack operations with 37 Ju 87 Bs, without being involved in any notable actions.
V.("Zerstorer")/LG 1's responsibility was escort duties. Equipped with 33 Bf 110 Ds, the unit lost 8 Bf 110s from 10 May to 16 June 1940, when it was withdrawn for rest and refitting.
Air Offensive over Britain.
An attack on 15 August by 12 Ju 88As of I//LG 1 against RAF Middle Wallop destroyed several Spitfires, but the unit lost five aircraft to defending fighters. The "Geschwader" suffered a cripplingly high loss rate during the battle. From 8 July 1940 to December 1940, LG 1 lost 94 aircraft, and a further 13 were destroyed after returning with damage. LG 1 lost 119 crews and pilots killed, 102 missing and 36 captured.
V. ("Zerstörer")/LG 1 sustained particularly high losses, losing 25 Bf 110Cs between the 4 July and 16 September. It was reduced to just 10 Bf 110s, but on 7 September 1940 it lost a further seven 110s, as a result the unit was withdrawn from operations. It was designated I.NJG 3 on 29 September.
Battles of Yugoslavia and Greece.
I.(K)/LG 1 took part in the campaign. It sank the Allied transport vessels "Ellenis" on 20 April, in Piraeus harbour, and "Pennland" (16,000 grt) on 24 April. It continued anti-shipping missions throughout the remainder of the conflict. On 21 May 1941 the "gruppe" damaged the Royal Navy "Leander"-class HMS "Ajax". During 22–27 May 1941, HMS "Barham" and HMS "Warspite" were damaged by LG 1s attacks.
North African and Mediterranean Theatres.
Notable actions of the "Geschwader" during the two year stint in North Africa included I.(K)/LG 1s sinking of three large transport vessels "Clan Campbell", "Clan Chattan" and "Rowallan Castle" from the convoy MW 9, during attacks on 13–14 February 1941. 
III./LG 1 also damaged the Australian destroyer "Waterhen" on 9 July 1941, and sinking it on 11 July.
The Geschwader supported the "Afrikakorps" until 1942. Bombing raids were made the Suez Canal, Cairo during this time. 
On 11/12 May I.(K)/LG 1 led by "Hauptmann" Joachim Helbig were responsible for sinking HMS "Kipling", HMS "Jackal" and HMS "Lively" in the Gulf of Sollum.
The "Geschwader" also took part in the Siege of Malta during October 1942.
IV.(Erg)/LG 1 and III./LG 1 (disbanded and reformed in May 1943) were based in Greece and Italy for the remainder of the war, striking at Allied Shipping. The units were bombed continually. Hangars and workshops that held vital spare parts were destroyed. The fuel crisis in July 1944 forced most of the two units to withdraw to Austria.
Russia.
Only III. Gruppe and IV.("Stuka")/LG 1 were the only "Gruppen" of the LG 1 to operate in the Soviet Union. 
III./LG 1 moved to Nikolayez in the Ukraine from 23–24 March 1942. The units took part in the Battle of Sevastopol and the Battle of Stalingrad. It also conducted anti-shipping missions against the Soviet Navy and Black Sea Fleet in the Crimea. 
IV. Gruppe operated the Ju 87 from northern Norway and Finland at the start of Operation Barbarossa. It flew a variety of ground attack missions, and anti-shipping missions around Murmansk. According to its records, the "Gruppe" lost 26 "Stukas", 21 crews killed, seven missing, 6 wounded and three captured between 3 September 1940 and 27 January 1942.
Later, just prior to the Battle of Berlin, the Geschwader took part in "Operation Eisenhammer", striking at the Oder bridges to prevent their use by the Red Army.
Western Front: 1944–45.
The "Geschwader" attempted to support the German Army in France. However, due to Allied air superiority it was restricted to flying at night. From 1 July 1944 to 31 August 1944 I.(K)/LG 1 lost 19 aircraft in the failed Normandy Campaign. The "Gruppe" also supported German forces during the Battle of the Bulge offensive. Operating at night to avoid Allied fighters, the unit attacked troop concentrations and marshalling yards in Belgium and France. On the night of 16/27 December 1944, the unit lost five Ju 88S-3s out of nine in a raid against Namur, Belgium. The "Gruppe" was ordered to disband on 22 April 1945, but was overrun by Canadian Forces at Varel 26–28 April. II./LG 1 also lost 19 aircraft in these operations.
Commanding officers.
Gruppenkommandeur.
The Geschwader contained two different ""I. Gruppen"":

</doc>
<doc id="18748966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748966" title="Semialgebraic space">
Semialgebraic space

In mathematics, especially in real algebraic geometry, a semialgebraic space is a space which is locally isomorphic to a semialgebraic set.
Definition.
Let "U" be an open subset of R"n" for some "n". A semialgebraic function on "U" is defined to be a continuous real-valued function on "U" whose restriction to any semialgebraic set contained in "U" has a graph which is a semialgebraic subset of the product space R"n"×R. This endows R"n" with a sheaf formula_1 of semialgebraic functions.
(For example, any polynomial mapping between semialgebraic sets is a semialgebraic function, as is the maximum of two semialgebraic functions.) 
A semialgebraic space is a locally ringed space formula_2 which is locally isomorphic to R"n" with its sheaf of semialgebraic functions.

</doc>
<doc id="18748969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748969" title="Jerry Riopelle">
Jerry Riopelle

Jerry Riopelle is a musician and record producer raised in Tampa, Florida, and known primarily for his hard rock performances and for his record production.
Early career.
Riopelle began his music career in the 1960s in Los Angeles working as an independent record producer. He played drums for the Hollywood Argyles and later signed with Screen Gems as a staff song writer. At Screen Gems, he wrote and produced, along with Clydie King, a single called "The Thrill is Gone". This exposure helped Riopelle land staff writer and producer job with Phil Spector at Philles Records.
Riopelle produced his first Top 20 single, "Home of the Brave," which was recorded by Bonnie & The Treasures. He later produced top 40 singles for The Parade (he was a member) and April Stevens & Nino Tempo. This led to an opportunity to work as an A&M Records producer and a role as a staff writer at Irving Music.
Later career.
Riopelle produced and wrote for The Parade, Brewer & Shipley, We Five, and Shango. His songs have been covered by Leon Russell, Herb Alpert, Kenny Loggins, Rita Coolidge, Meat Loaf, and others. Jerry also wrote various pieces for Hollywood TV shows and films.
Arizona Connection
Became popular in Arizona during the 1970s, highlighted by his hugely popular and rousing New Years Eve performances at a local Phoenix venue called Celebrity Theatre, featuring a revolving stage. Well known national acts opened for HIM on these occasions including The Dixie Dregs and others.
Family and Current Projects.
Riopelle and his wife Naomi have two children, daughter Angela and son Paul. Jerry and Naomi
divide their time between homes in Scottsdale, Arizona, and Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. 
Jerry and Paul are co-founders of the Beamz music system and serve as company executives for beamz Interactive.
Discography.
JERRY RIOPELLE DISCOGRAPHY 
ALBUMS (Vinyl) 
CASSETTES 
CDs 

</doc>
<doc id="18748971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748971" title="Hospital Point Range Front Light">
Hospital Point Range Front Light

Hospital Point Range Front Light is a historic lighthouse at the end of Bayview Avenue in Beverly, Massachusetts. It forms the front half of a range which guides vessels toward Salem Harbor. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Hospital Point Light Station on September 28, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18748972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748972" title="Lawrence Leritz">
Lawrence Leritz

Lawrence Leritz (born September 26, 1962) is an American dancer, singer, actor, producer, director, fitness expert and choreographer.
Life and career.
Born in Alton, Illinois, Leritz made his stage debut in the children's chorus of the world stage premiere of Rodgers and Hammerstein's musical "State Fair" at The Muny, starring Ozzie and Harriet Nelson, directed by James Hammerstein, supervised by Richard Rodgers and choreographed by Tommy Tune.
Leritz moved to New York City on scholarships to the Harkness Ballet, Joffrey Ballet and School of American Ballet, studying with Alexandra Danilova, Stanley Williams and the Bolshoi's Māris Liepa. Leritz was invited to work with the dance choreographers George Balanchine, Jerome Robbins, Alvin Ailey, Robert Joffrey, Ruth Page, Frederic Franklin, John Neumeier, Lee Theodore, Joe Layton and Sir Frederick Ashton. Leritz, while dancing in a company class at The New York City Ballet, was discovered by Balanchine ballerina Violette Verdy. Violette invited Lawrence to join The Hamburg Ballet. While performing in Hamburg, his dancing impressed Dance Magazine's editor-in-chief William Como, who invited Leritz back to the U.S.for photo sessions with famed dance photographer Kenn Duncan for Dance Magazine. Leritz continued his dancing career on the international stages, starring with Ruth Page's Chicago Ballet, Israel's Bat-Dor Dance Company and with the Paris Opéra on its U.S. tour to the Metropolitan Opera and DC's Kennedy Center. Leritz also appeared as guest artist and choreographer for Plácido Domingo's Los Angeles Music Center Opera and danced in the Joffrey Ballet version of Michel Fokine's "Petrushka" with Rudolf Nureyev at the New York City Center. Leritz created his own company, Dance Celebration, which represented the United States at the International Choreographic Competitions in Paris, performing his signature ballet, "Worth A Song," receiving special congratulations from President Jimmy Carter at The White House in 1979. Leritz produced The 50th Anniversary Gala of The American Guild of Musical Artists, featuring over 300 stars of ballet and opera at The New York State Theater at Lincoln Center in 1986. The Gala's hosts, New York City Opera's Beverly Sills and New York City Ballet's Peter Martins provided the show's highlight, dancing together in the restaged opening of Balanchine's "Vienna Waltzes." Leritz appeared three times on the cover of Dance Pages Magazine, including the Spring 1989 issue, in which he wrote an article which introduced and encouraged bodybuilding for dancers. Appearing on the cover with bodybuilding champion Rich Gaspari, his article helped to change the look of professional dancers. In 2006, Leritz was included in Harvard University's George Balanchine Collection of The New York City Ballet at The Harvard Theatre Collection and The Harvard College Library. Leritz appeared Off-Broadway in "Funding The Arts" at the Baryshnikov Arts Center, May 2010, acting and dancing the role of J. Edgar. Leritz's television dance appearances include the 2013 Emmy Award winning "Night Of Too Many Stars" on Comedy Central, performing as Keitel's tough guy in "Call Me Maybe" with Carly Rae Jepsen and Harvey Keitel at the historic Beacon Theatre (New York City). Lawrence was recently featured in The New York Times dance article, Your First Dance Crush, July 2013.
Leritz was chosen by director/choreographer Jerome Robbins for his second Broadway revival of "Fiddler on the Roof" with Herschel Bernardi and Maria Karnilova. Other Broadway appearances include "Fonteyn & Nureyev on Broadway" and Lee Theodore's "American Dance Machine". Leritz also directed two editions of "Broadway Showstoppers" at NYC's Hudson Theatre and The Town Hall. Leritz returned to co-star at The Muny with Broadway's Judy Kaye, John Reardon, John Schuck, Beth Leavel and his dance partner, Lorene Yarnell in Cole Porter's "Can-Can," receiving excellent reviews. The St. Louis Post-Dispatch noted "Can-Can opened in dazzling style, reminiscent of the Muny glory days, weaving a magic spell. Leritz and Yarnell are teamed in exciting style. Their dancing is fabulous." 
Television acting roles include NBC's "Michael J. Fox Show" and "Saturday Night Live" with Nathan Lane," CBS's "Capitol", ABC's "All My Children", Dick Clark's "Celebrity Boxing" with Ron Palillo, CBS's Cosby, and in HBO's "Sex And The City"; talk shows including "The Rosie O'Donnell Show" with Liza Minnelli, "Maury", CNN's "Showbiz Tonight" and "Entertainment Tonight". Leritz hosted and created the best-selling DVD Total Stretch! with Lawrence Leritz".
Leritz has appeared in many feature films including "The Adjustment Bureau" opposite Matt Damon, Julie Taymor's "Across the Universe", "Dummy with Adrien Brody," "Easy Money with Rodney Dangerfield", Legs with Gwen Verdon and the HBO feature "Stag" with Ben Gazzara, Kevin Dillon and Taylor Dayne.
Leritz is the Spectrum Records recording artist of the dance hit single "Crank It Up" produced by Cory Wade, performing on tour with The Weather Girls, Laura Branigan, Sylvester, Natalie Cole and starred at the Las Vegas Stardust Hotel during its final months. Leritz made his recording debut with the NYC club hit, "It Takes Two To Tango".
Leritz choreographed the Motown feature film musical, Berry Gordy's "The Last Dragon", the mime duo Shields & Yarnell for Atlantic City, for MTV and various recording artists. He also choreographed the one-act ballet "Alone" for The Hamburg Ballet. For Goodtimes Entertainment, Leritz choreographed two live action children musicals, "Treehouse Trolls Birthday Day" and "The Forest Of Fun and Wonder". Leritz is also known in the fitness world as the choreographer to many bodybuilding stars, which included the NBC Sports television special "Arnold Schwarzenegger's Bodybuilding Arnold Classic" in 1989 and appears in numerous issues of Joe Weider's "Muscle & Fitness" and "Men's Fitness" magazines. In "A Broadway Holiday Concert 2013" for Huntington Disease NY, Leritz choreographed songs by Cole Porter and original cast members from Broadway's "Grease".
During the 2003–2004 New York theatre season, Leritz was the producer and choreographer of the long running Off-Broadway show, "Boobs! The Musical". The New York Times review noted "The six person cast is expertly choreographed by Lawrence Leritz." "Boobs! The Musical" was nominated for the 2004 MAC Awards for Best Musical Revue and won New Orleans' 2005 Big Easy and Ambie Awards. For television, Leritz produced three seasons of the annual event "Day of Compassion", for which "Time" magazine honored Leritz as their 1996 Local Hero.
Leritz directed and produced a tribute, hosted by Tyne Daly, to honor "Welcome Back, Kotter"'s Ron Palillo's life and career at NYC's The Triad Theatre, October 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18748986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748986" title="Oddbins">
Oddbins

Oddbins is a United Kingdom-based wine and alcohol retail chain, established in 1963 by Ahmed Pochee.
History.
In 1963, entrepreneur Ahmed Pochee established a small business delivering "bin-ends" and "oddments" of wine to restaurants and clubs in London's West End. Ten years later the company was purchased by Nick Baile and Dennis Ing, but it wasn't until the early 1980s that the company's distinct style was discovered. A gentleman by the name of Ralph Steadman was asked by Gordon Kerr, the marketing director at that time, to produce ten drawings similar in style to his illustrations for "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas". Steadman continued working for Oddbins for the next 12 years.
Due to the levels of debt within the business in the late 1980s, Oddbins was acquired by Seagram, a distribution company that was United States based. It was during this period, that Oddbins was largely permitted to develop with autonomy, albeit with incentive to strongly promote the Seagram brands.
The company grew from 100 to 278 locations and came to be regarded as a favorite of a generation of wine drinkers. It was during this period that Patsy Stone (the fictional character portrayed by Joanna Lumley in "Absolutely Fabulous") lived in the storeroom of an Oddbins off licence in London.
French Groupe Castel, who also owned the Nicolas chain from 2002-2008, purchased the company. It was then bought by Simon Baile, son of Nick Baile. Oddbins operated 158 stores in the United Kingdom, including 20 in the capital, 4 in Ireland and 1 in Calais, France.
In early 2011, Oddbins closed a third of its branches, reducing the number remaining open to under 100, leading to a proposal to enter a company voluntary arrangement (CVA). In April 2011, Oddbins went into administration, following the breakdown of talks over the CVA after objections from HMRC, which is owed nearly half of the chains' total debt of £20 million. On 26 April, Whittalls Wine Merchants, part of Raj Chatha's European Food Brokers (EFB) group, bought 37 of the shops from the administrators in a move that saved 200 jobs. and acquired the exclusive rights to the name. The remaining 48 shops were closed by the administrators.
Present.
Oddbins currently operates 37 branches with 19 in London and 10 in Scotland under the leadership of managing director Ayo Akintola. They operate a trade arm, Oddbins Wholesale, which supplies restaurants, pubs, bars and other businesses throughout the UK.
In mid-2011, Oddbins radically changed their pricing strategy to move away from deep case discounts to offer customers a better price on individual bottles. In addition, head of buying Emma Nichols overhauled their range.
On 19 October 2011, the new owners officially relaunched Oddbins. 
On 2 July 2012, Oddbins was the first high street retailer in the UK to team up with a group of independent bloggers to promote their wines. The wine bloggers were Tara O'Leary, David Lowe, Andrew Barrow, Paola Tich, Belinda Stone and Tom Lewis.
It is currently based in Wandsworth with the rest split across the rest of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18748996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748996" title="Robert &quot;King&quot; Hooper Mansion">
Robert &quot;King&quot; Hooper Mansion

The Robert "King" Hooper Mansion, built in 1728, is a historic house at 8 Hooper Street in Marblehead, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and included in the Marblehead Historic District in 1984.
Marblehead Arts Association.
The mansion is currently used by the Marblehead Arts Association as its headquarters. The Association hosts changing exhibits of art and photography for individuals and groups in its four galleries, as well as art classes and community events. There is also a gift shop of contemporary craft.

</doc>
<doc id="18749006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749006" title="Hose House No. 2 (Beverly, Massachusetts)">
Hose House No. 2 (Beverly, Massachusetts)

Hose House No. 2 is a historic firestation at 30 Rantoul Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. It now houses a daycare center.
The building was constructed in 1905. It was designed by Kilham & Hopkins in a French Renaissance style. In addition to the traditional brass pole by which firemen reached the ground floor from the upper chambers, it also featured an electrical system which automatically turned on the lights when an alarm was sounded. The building has one garage bay, and a hip roof with ornately decorated and bracketed eaves.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18749009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749009" title="No. 42 Radar Squadron">
No. 42 Radar Squadron

42 Radar Squadron is a unit of the Canadian Forces under Royal Canadian Air Force. The squadron operates the AN/TPS-70 radar from CFB Cold Lake in Alberta, Canada.
History.
42 Aircraft Control and Warning (AC&W) Squadron of the Canadian Air Force became operational in June 1955. The Squadron was originally used to provide radar control to the CF-100s flying around CFB Cold Lake. In October 1962, 42 AC&W Squadron became 42 Radar Squadron in the Semi-Automated Ground Environment (SAGE) system as part of the 28th North American Air Defence System (NORAD) Region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18749018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749018" title="George Hopkinson House">
George Hopkinson House

The George Hopkinson House is a historic colonial First Period house at 362 Main Street in Groveland, Massachusetts. Built c. 1716, it is a rare surviving single cell house from the period. Most First Period houses were built in their first stage as a chimney section and a two story section to one side, with one room on each floor, and were later extended with additional rooms on the other side of the chimney, giving colonial rooms their characteristic five bay appearance. Because this one was never extended in this way, it exhibits a three bay front, with a door in the right-side bay, in front of the chimney. A rear leanto section was added later in the 18th century, and the side ell was added in the 19th century. The house is also a rare regional instance of plank frame construction (similar to Groveland's other First Period house, the Joseph Hardy House).
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749024" title="Newell Farm">
Newell Farm

Newell Farm is a historic farmhouse at 243 Main Street in West Newbury, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
History.
The Newell Farm in West Newbury, Massachusetts, was named to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978. Researchers for the Massachusetts Historical Commission have found the house significant for two reasons. First, the house is built in a Greek Revival/Federal Style tradition. Second, a portion of the materials used in the construction of the house were salvaged from the demolition of buildings in 1845 on Beacon Hill in Boston to make room for an addition to the Massachusetts State House. 
Colonel Moses Newell built the 25 room house now standing at 243 Main St. in 1846. His father Joseph Newell was a Sargeant in Captain William Rodger's Third Company, a local West Newbury unit, during the American Revolutionary War. The Newells owned at that time a house which stood closer to the street by the well on the property. The original house was moved across the street to make room for the present house. 
Moses Newell shuttled the building materials including mantels, inside shutters, windows, panelling, doors, and lintels from Boston after he sent loads of butchered meat from the farm to the Charlestown Navy Yard. Bricks were made in a local brickyard in West Newbury, close to where Pentucket Regional High School now stands. The brick walls are three layers thick with no insulation. 
The main body of the three story house is square with a peaked roof. It has five bays on the front and sides, four chimneys, granite footings and door lintels, sandstone window lintels and sills, and granite steps. There is a two story narrower extension of the main building with a side entrance. The main building has fret work at the cornices and under the eaves. The main house has eight feet of cellar space beneath it. 
The interior originally had 25 rooms plus main halls running east-west and side halls running north-south. There were eight fireplaces in the main building. All twenty-three windows in the major rooms of the main building had wooden interior shutters (six or eight panels per window) with various types of hinges made by J. Clark & Son of Wolverhampton, England.
Moses Newell.
Moses Newell played an active role in civic affairs in the town, almost from the date West Newbury was incorporated as a town on February 18, 1819. He was on the board of Selectman intermittently from 1822 to 1860, and served as moderator at town meetings at various times during those years.
His son, Captain Richard Newell, traveled for most of his life on ships, but he lived in the house after his retirement. A member of the Marine Society of Newburyport, Richard Newell was born in 1834 and wen to sea as a young boy of 15, according to an account he wrote himself in the chronicles, "The Marine Society of Newburyport."

</doc>
<doc id="18749025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749025" title="Sam Songo">
Sam Songo

Samuel Songo was an artist born in 1929 in then Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) known for his works depicting African iconography and primitive African life. Songo was disabled and used a wheelchair. He spent most of his life working through the Cyrene Mission School, producing art on the behest of Frank McEwen, a British expatriate who helped establish and later ran the Rhodesian National Gallery of Art (now the National Gallery of Zimbabwe. Songo's early work consisted of occasional paintings and sculpture, however, in later years, he worked almost exclusively in the classic traditions of Shona stone sculpture. 
In 1946, Songo was the chief subject of a British Documentary film entitled "Pitaniko, the film of Cyrene". 
In 1954, Songo was featured in a Time Magazine piece entitled "Wonderstone Wonders".
Many of Songo's works were exhibited in the National Gallery of Rhodesia, the Museum of Modern Art in 1968, the Musée Rodin in 1971, and London's Institute of Contemporary Arts in 1972. Many were also sold to private collections and museums in England".

</doc>
<doc id="18749035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749035" title="Lucian Newhall House (Lynn, Massachusetts)">
Lucian Newhall House (Lynn, Massachusetts)

The Lucian Newhall House is a historic house at 84 Nahant Street (on its corner with Ocean Street) in Lynn, Massachusetts. The three story Second Empire house was built in 1866 for Lucian Newhall, descendant of early Lynn settlers and one of the first people to establish a shoe factory in the city. Newhall's house is a major presence in the Diamond District, where the city's elite lived. The house is notable for its cupola, ornate window styling, port-cochere, and columned entries.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (as being at 281 Ocean Street) in 1985, and included in the Diamond Historic District in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18749042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749042" title="Smith &amp; Wesson Model 57">
Smith &amp; Wesson Model 57

The Smith & Wesson Model 57 is a large frame, double-action revolver with a six round cylinder, chambered for the .41 Magnum cartridge, and designed and manufactured by the Smith & Wesson firearms company. The gun was designed as a weapon for law enforcement agencies. However, due to size and recoil it found more favor with civilian target shooters and hunters.
Development.
In the early 1960s, Elmer Keith, Bill Jordan, and Skeeter Skelton, all noted firearms authorities and authors, lobbied Remington Arms and Smith & Wesson to introduce a new .41 caliber police cartridge with the objective of filling a perceived ballistic performance gap between the .357 and .44 Magnums, thus creating a chambering which they believed would be the ultimate for law enforcement purposes.
In April 1964 Remington responded by introducing the .41 Magnum cartridge, and in concert, Smith and Wesson launched the Model 57 revolver chambered for the new ammunition.
Elmer Keith originally proposed the name ".41 Police" for the new cartridge, but Remington instead chose .41 Magnum, hoping to capitalize on the notoriety and popularity of its earlier Magnum offerings.
Features.
First introduced in April 1964, the Model 57 was produced with 4", 6", 6-1/2", and 8-3/8" barrels in both highly polished blued and nickel–plated finishes. Using the S&W large "N" frame, the Model 57 was one of the companies’ premier products, offering superb fit and finish, basically the same pistol as the famous S&W Model 29, except in .41 instead of .44 caliber. Like the Model 29, the 57 sported a red insert front sight with a white outline
adjustable rear iron open sight, as well as a target trigger, target hammer, and oversized wooden target grips.
Ammunition.
Remington originally offered two ammunition loadings in its .41 Magnum cartridge lineup. The first was a full-power 1300-1400 ft/s hunting or heavy-usage load using a jacketed soft point bullet which rivaled the stopping power of the mighty .44 Magnum while boasting less recoil and a flatter bullet trajectory. The second loading was a less powerful 1,150 ft/s 210 grain lead semiwadcutter intended for law enforcement usage.
Market response.
Due to a number of factors the .41 Magnum unfortunately never became the "next great police loading" that its developers and supporters envisioned.
First, the majority of departments and rank and file officers were perfectly content with their traditional .38 Special revolvers, and if more stopping power was needed, cartridges such as the popular .357 Magnum were available. In addition, when senior police officials could be convinced to evaluate the .41 Magnum, many complained that even the lighter .41 magnum "Police load" was unpleasant to fire, while the .357 Magnum offered adequate performance without the bruising recoil and muzzle blast associated with the .41. Also, the marketing decision by S&W and Remington to dub the cartridge a "Magnum" ended up working against them in their desire to address the law enforcement market. Police organizations found the connotation of a hi-powered "Magnum" hunting-type weapon to be unpalatable in an era when they were struggling with political correctness and pursued positive public relations to offset any possible public perception of police brutality. Although the .41 Magnum was adopted as a police departmental standard by a few cities such as Amarillo and San Antonio TX, and San Francisco CA most chose to pass. In addition, introduced in the shadow of its limelight-grabbing 'big brother' the .44 Magnum Model 29, the Model 57 struggled from its onset to garner much market share. This gap widened further when Clint Eastwood used a "Most powerful hangun in the world" Model 29 in the popular film Dirty Harry. In the aftermath of the film's release, many contemporaries of the .44 Magnum, including the .41, somewhat fell out of favor with the general public and American firearms market. Finally, a series of hugely popular and successful lighter and smaller-framed revolvers crafted from stainless steel emerged in the mid 1980s. These police-issue oriented firearms, exemplified by models such as the S&W Model 66, accelerated the Model 57's demise. Overall, the Model 57 and its variants failed to generate the interest (or sales) which had been hoped for.
Variants.
Smith & Wesson offered an all stainless steel version of the Model 57 as the Model 657. The Model 657 was introduced in 1986.
A very rare 5" model 57 was produced in the custom shop. All known examples included the traditional short underlug/ejector shroud. 
Smith & Wesson Model 58.
On July 10, 1964, S&W introduced a more basic and inexpensive .41 Magnum intended for procurement by police departments. This budget version of the Model 57 was similar in principle of design to the .38 Special S&W heavy-barrel Model 10, or .357 Magnum Model 28 Highway Patrolman. Weighing in at 41 ounces, the Model 58 featured a 4" barrel, fixed iron open sights, and simpler standard "magna service" grips. Finish options were the same as its upscale Model 57 brethren, blued and nickel, but shortly after the Model 58's introduction S&W decided a less expensive "matte" bluing treatment would be more appropriate for the basic "workingman" model. The no-frills Model 58 also lacked an ejection rod shroud, but retained the pinned barrel and counter bored cylinder of the more expensive Model 57. The Model 58 was manufactured from 1964 to 1977 and roughly 20,000 were produced. In 2008, it was released again by S&W, both in bright nickel and bright blue finish.

</doc>
<doc id="18749056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749056" title="Mammillaria polythele">
Mammillaria polythele

Mammillaria polythele is a cactus in the genus "Mammillaria", in Mexico. 
Solitary plants are cylindrical, with erect stem to about 24 inches high and 3 to 4 inches in diameter. The color is dark green to blue green.

</doc>
<doc id="18749062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749062" title="Newman-Fiske-Dodge House">
Newman-Fiske-Dodge House

The Newman-Fiske-Dodge House is a historic First Period house at 162 Cherry Street in Wenham, Massachusetts. The house contains a rare instance of preserved 17th century decoration. Like many First Period houses, it was built in stages. The first part, the now-central chimney and right-side two stories, was built c. 1658, with the left-side rooms being added c. 1695-6. The fireplace in the right-side room contains original detailing that was covered over by paneling sometime in the 18th century, and the trim on the staircase to the second floor was probably added at the time of the addition.
There have been several later additions to the house. A leanto section was added to the rear in the 18th century, and single story wings were added to either side in the 19th century. The interior was also partially redecorated in the 19th century, giving the left side front room some Greek Revival character. In the early 20th century the house underwent a major restoration, in which the left side front room was opened up to the leanto section, creating a large living space.
The first documented owner of the house (and for whom it may have been built) was the Rev. Antipas Newman, who married Elizabeth, the daughter of John Winthrop the Younger. The modifications in the 1690s were probably made by William Fiske, Jr.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It also includes a barn which may be of 18th century origin.

</doc>
<doc id="18749064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749064" title="Podbharti">
Podbharti

Podbharti is a popular Indian podcast show and the first Hindi podzine. It leads the pack of Indian podcasts alongwith Podmasti and Podbazaar.
About Podbharti.
Podbharti provides coverage of News & Views about Indian Blogosphere, Indian language blogging, Tools & technology reviews, Indian Culture and the Entertainment Industry. It was co-founded by Indian blogger duo Debashish Chakrabarty (better known as founder of the Indibloggies) and Shashi Singh. Listeners have equated the experience of listening to the podcasts to 70's style radio, reminiscent of Vividh Bharti. The podcast content has a touch of journalism to it.
The first episode of Podbharti was released in May 2007 in which they presented a retrospective talk on Hindi blogging completing 4 years, a nipping primer on the Hindi Transliteration tool introduced by Google in the Blogger.com service and a report on a controversy in the Hindi blogdom where discussions on communalism took an ugly turn adding bitterness to the whole debate.
Apart from downloading podcasts on music devices, users can also hear them online on Podbharti’s website.

</doc>
<doc id="18749071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749071" title="North Andover Center Historic District">
North Andover Center Historic District

The North Andover Center Historic District encompasses the historic center of North Andover, Massachusetts, which was also the heart of neighboring Andover until the two towns split in 1855. The district is roughly bounded by Osgood, Pleasant, Stevens, Johnson, and Andover Streets and Wood Lane. It includes 75 properties, including two that were previously listed: the Parson Barnard House, and the Kittredge Mansion, the latter of which is built on land that included the town's original muster ground.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18749074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749074" title="Thomas S. Carter">
Thomas S. Carter

Thomas S. Carter (born June 6, 1921) was the thirteenth president of Kansas City Southern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18749076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749076" title="Battle of Chillopampa">
Battle of Chillopampa

The Battle of Chillopampa was the first battle of the Inca Civil War
Following the death of Sapa Inca Huayna Capac in 1527, his legitimate heir Huáscar had angrily watched as illegitimate son Atahualpa inherited the northern parts of the vast Inca Empire and, probably in 1531, sent his general Atoc to reclaim those areas viewed as rightfully belonging to him and to the line of the dynasty of Manco Cápac. The battle of Chillopampa Plains was the first major encounter, where the vast superiority and tactical experience of Atoc made the Huáscaran side emerge as victors. Atahualpa was captured in battle, but escaped to face the armies of his half-brother again in the battle of Chimborazo.

</doc>
<doc id="18749094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749094" title="The Glamour">
The Glamour

The Glamour was released in 1995 on RPM Records and on Caroline Records in the US. In 2007, Renascent Records reissued the album as a double CD with seven additional tracks.
This was The Comsat Angels' last studio album and the only one with a lineup of five band members. Bass player Kevin Bacon had left the band after the release of "My Minds Eye" and was replaced by Terry Todd. A second guitarist, Simon Anderson, was also added.
Comsats frontman Steve Fellows regretted how rushed they were in producing this album. "We were prevented by deadlines from finishing all the music we were recording." He also said in a 1997 interview, "Although I am very pleased with "The Glamour" as the last album it was kind of Glashier piloted that one, he wanted to make a rock album." In his view, the 2007 reissue with its added tracks improved the album. Fellows said, "This is much closer to how it should have been."
Track listing (1995).
"All tracks written by Fellows/Glaisher/Peake/Todd/Anderson."
Track listing (2007).
"All tracks written by Fellows/Glaisher/Peake/Todd/Anderson."

</doc>
<doc id="18749100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749100" title="North Canal Historic District">
North Canal Historic District

The North Canal Historic District of Lawrence, Massachusetts, encompasses the historic industrial heart of the city. It is centered on the North Canal and the Great Stone Dam, which provided the waterpower for its many mill complexes. The canal was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, while the district was first listed in 1984, and then expanded slightly in 2009.
The city of Lawrence was founded by industrialist Abbott Lawrence and the associates of the Essex Company as a model industrial city. In 1845 they company acquired land from then towns of Methuen and Andover and began construction on the North Canal and the Great Stone Dam. The work included dredging and building out of "new land", and effectively created a small island between the Merrimack River and the canal, whose outlet is at the mouth of the Spicket River. Work on these two major features was completed in 1848, and development of the city, which formally incorporated in 1853, proceeded from there. The historic district encompasses, in addition to the canal and the dam, the mill-related buildings on the island and on the north side of the canal, as well as a few buildings that front on Methuen and Union Streets, or the connecting side streets. The 2009 expansion of the district, included a single building, the Morehouse Bakery building at 5-9 Mill Street.
Canal and Great Stone Dam.
The Great Stone Dam was constructed across the Merrimack River at a place called Bodwell's Falls, where there is a five foot drop. The dam was built to raise the height of the drop to . It is made of granite blocks laid on a bed of hydraulic cement. At its base it is thick, shrinking to at its top. It has three sections: the central span is , a south wing directs flow to the South Canal, and a wing directs water into the North Canal. It has a gatehouse, from which 24 gates in its sluiceway were controlled before the controls were electrified. Nearby on the island are also the surviving gatekeeper's house, an 1845 Greek Revival wood frame structure, and a c. 1860s barn.
The North Canal runs parallel to the Merrimack River, and is long. It ranges in width from at its upper end to where its wasteway joins the Spicket River. The canal is trapezoidal in its cross-section, with walls lined by granite, and a bottom made of granite rubble that has been sealed with clay. It is capable of delivering 4,000 cubic feet of water per second; water power is still used in some of the mills lining its banks. The canal used to have operable locks for navigation; the upper ones were removed and the lower ones were filled in.
Mill complexes.
The Pacific Mills complex is an extensive array of buildings in the western (upper) and central parts of the district. The oldest standing building, a storehouse, dates to 1860, and there are remnants of an earlier 1852 structure. One of the more impressive structures is the Weave Shed built in 1890; it is a two story brick building long. Its main cotton complex comprises five buildings on the north side of the canal. In the central part of the district the Pacific Mills include buildings in which both cotton and worsted wool products were manufactured.
The Atlantic Mill Company buildings stand next to those of the Pacific Mills in the upper portion of the island. Only two notable buildings survive, the c. 1906 spinning mill, and a boarding house (one of two such buildings to survive in the district) that dates to 1847 and is the only surviving remnant of what was once a much more extensive housing district.
The central portion of the district includes mill buildings from a number of manufacturers, including the Bay State Woolens Company (whose c. 1847 brick boarding house is now the visitor center of Lawrence Heritage State Park), the Washington Mills, and buildings of the American Woolen Company and the Pemberton Mill. Other notable buildings here include the Essex Company Offices and Yard (separately listed on the National Register). The lower portion of the district is predominantly occupied by the mill complexes of the Everett Mills and the Kuhnhardt Woolen Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="18749123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749123" title="Norwood-Hyatt House">
Norwood-Hyatt House

The Norwood-Hyatt House is a historic house at 704 Washington Street in the Gloucester, Massachusetts. It is notable as one of the oldest houses in Gloucester, and for its association with Alpheus Hyatt, who did research in marine biology here before establising the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole.
The oldest part of the house is estimated to have been built in 1664 for Francis Norwood, a mariner and early settler of Gloucester. It remained in the hands of Norwood family descendants until 1879, when Cape Ann Bank took the house by foreclosure. It was acquired that year by Audella Hyatt, wife of Alpheus Hyatt. In 1880 Hyatt used the property as a base for marine research, but abandoned that use, finding it unsuitable, after one season. It continues to be owned by descendants of the Hyatts.
The exact construction history of the house has not been researched in detail. It is presently a 2.5 story wood frame structure, with its earliest framing members showing evidence of 17th century construction methods. It was repeatedly expanded, particularly during the Norwood family's ownership, to reach its present configuration. The main block of the house is five window bays wide, and there is a two story ell added on to the west side (probably in the early 19th century), and several shed-style additions on the northwest part of the house. The foundation is mainly mortared stone, but the eastern wall is made of brick.
The interior of the house has significant features that remain from the 17th and 18th centuries. Many original fireplaces and mantels survive, although most of the fireplaces have been covered over. There are wide pine floors, and the walls and woodwork show many examples of 18th and 19th century construction techniques. Many of the walls were painted with artwork, largely by Audella Hyatt.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18749130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749130" title="Edward McKnight Kauffer">
Edward McKnight Kauffer

Edward McKnight Kauffer (14 December 1890 – 22 October 1954) was an American-born artist noted for his avant garde graphic design and poster art, especially in Britain.
Biography.
Edward Kauffer was born on December 14, 1890, in Great Falls, Montana. By 1910 he had moved to San Francisco working as a bookseller and studying art at the California School of Design from 1910 to 1912. At around this time Professor Joseph McKnight of the University of Utah became aware of Kauffer's work, sponsored him and paid to send him to Paris for further study. In gratitude Kauffer took his sponsor's name as a middle name.
Kauffer stopped in Chicago for six months in 1912-1913 and studied at the Art Institute of Chicago. While there he witnessed the Armory Show, one of the first major exhibitions to introduce the styles of modernism to American viewers. This likely had a major impact on Kauffer, who would work in many of the same styles throughout his career. He arrived in Paris in 1913 and studied at the "Académie Moderne" until 1914.
Kauffer moved to London upon the start of the First World War, and remained there for most of his career. He was briefly associated with Robert Bevan's Cumberland Market Group and had a one-man show at the Omega Workshops. In Brighton on the south coast, he designed a "novel" mural for the lobby of Embassy Court, a Modernist block of flats designed by Wells Coates in 1935. The mural consisted of "monochrome photographs ... printed directly on to a light-sensitive cellulose coating".
Kauffer may be best known for the 140 posters that he produced for London Underground, and later London Transport. The posters span many styles: many show abstract influences, including futurism, cubism, and vorticism; others evoke impressionist influences such as Japanese woodcuts.
He created posters for Shell Oil and other commercial clients, and also illustrated books and book covers. Later he also became interested in textiles, interior design and theatrical design.
He returned to New York City in 1940 at the beginning of the Second World War, and tried to find work in advertising. He struggled in the more competitive atmosphere until he was approached to do a series of posters for American Airlines in 1947. American Airlines remained his primary client until his death in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="18749138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749138" title="James Noyes House">
James Noyes House

The James Noyes House, built ca. 1646, is a historic First Period house at 7 Parker Street in Newbury, Massachusetts, USA.
The house was built by the Reverend James Noyes, a Reformed pastor, who arrived in Newbury after landing in Ipswich in the mid-17th century. The Noyes family came from Wiltshire in England. The house dates from about 1646. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749139" title="William N. Deramus IV">
William N. Deramus IV

William N. Deramus IV (born April 15, 1944) was the fourteenth president of Kansas City Southern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18749143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749143" title="Catuji">
Catuji

Catuji is a Brazilian municipality located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 6,597 people living in a total area of 421 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Vale do Mucuri and to the microregion of Teófilo Otoni. It became a municipality in 1993. 
The region is famous for its unique rock formations of which Pedra do Chifre and Pedra de Santa Rosa are the most interesting. 
Catuji is located on highway BR-116 at an elevation of 625 meters, 72 km. north of Teófilo Otoni. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 513 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Teófilo Otoni, Itaipé, Novo Oriente de Minas and Padre Paraíso. 
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was R$18 million, with 12 million from services, 2 million from industry, and 3 million from agriculture. There were 600 rural producers on 13,000 hectares of land. Only 7 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,700 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were bananas, coffee, sugarcane, beans and corn. There were 7,000 head of cattle (2006). There were no banks (2007) and 166 automobiles (145 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 40 inhabitants per automobile. 
There were 4 health clinics. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Teófilo Otoni. Educational needs were met by 17 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 1 pre-primary school. 
In 2000 the per capita income of R$82.00 was well below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last 
place.

</doc>
<doc id="18749155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749155" title="Oak Grove Cemetery (Gloucester, Massachusetts)">
Oak Grove Cemetery (Gloucester, Massachusetts)

The Oak Grove Cemetery is a historic cemetery founded in 1854, and bounded by Derby, Washington, and Grove Sts., and Maplewood Avenue in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18749172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749172" title="Odd Fellows' Hall (Beverly, Massachusetts)">
Odd Fellows' Hall (Beverly, Massachusetts)

The Odd Fellows' Hall in Beverly, Massachusetts occupies a prominent location on Cabot Street opposite city hall in Beverly Center. It is a 3.5 story High Gothic Revival building constructed in 1893 to a design by local architect J. Foster Ober. Its exterior is clad in brick with trim of granite and brownstone. Its roof is a cross gable style, steep roof with polychrome bands of slate tiles. The central portion of the roof is a deck surrounded by a wrought iron railing and is topped by a cupola and weathervane. One of its notable tenants was President William Howard Taft, who had offices in the building during summer residencies in Beverly.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and included in the Beverly Center Business District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18749197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749197" title="Old Castle (Rockport, Massachusetts)">
Old Castle (Rockport, Massachusetts)

The Old Castle is a historic First Period house located on Castle Lane in Rockport, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was probably built c. 1712 by Jethro Wheeler, in whose family it remained for six generations. It was sold out of the family in 1893 to Henry F. Story, and given to the Pigeon Cove Village Improvement Society in 1929. The house underwent some restoration at that time, and is now open during the summer as a historic house museum, operated by the Sandy Bay Historical Society.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18749215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749215" title="Old Farm">
Old Farm

The Old Farm is a historic First Period house at 9 Maple Street in Wenham, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house, the left front and chimney, were built first, followed by the rooms to the right of the chimney, and a rear leanto section. This work was all done in the 17th century, but has not been dated with precision. In the late 19th century the rear section was raised to a full two stories, and the roof was rebuilt as a gambrel. The building underwent a major restoration effort in the early 20th century, led by Joseph Everett Chandler, a prominent restoration specialist. The restoration job was the subject of an article in a 1921 edition of "House Beautiful".
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749217" title="Landon H. Rowland">
Landon H. Rowland

Landon H. Rowland was the fifteenth president of Kansas City Southern Railway. He is currently Director and Chairman Emeritus of Janus Capital Group. Rowland is also a Trustee of CED (Committee of Economic Development) where he was given a CED 2011 Distinguished Performance Award. Mr. Rowland was a panel presenter in a CED forum called "Hidden Money: The Need for Transparency in Political Finance".

</doc>
<doc id="18749235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749235" title="Kingcome Glacier">
Kingcome Glacier

The Kingcome Glacier is a glacier at the head of the Kingcome River in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749240" title="List of islands by population density">
List of islands by population density

The following is a list of islands on earth, sorted by population density with most densed and least density of inhabited island.
Least densely populated islands.
There are numerous uninhabited islands or deserted island. The largest uninhabited island in the world is Devon Island in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749243" title="Lift (band)">
Lift (band)

Lift is a rock band formed in Dresden. The group was founded in 1973 and is still active today.
History.
The group was founded in 1973 following the dissolution of the group Dresden Sextett. Their first concert was given on January 28, 1973. The group underwent a series of lineup changes in its early years; of the group's early members, only Werther Lohse, who joined the group in 1974, is still a member. Their first album was released in 1977; shortly after this, members Henry Pacholski and Gerhard Zachar were killed in a traffic accident while touring in Poland. Two further LPs were issued in 1979 and 1981, after which time the group fell from fame. Their 1987 album is now something of a rarity.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall they toured the newly reunited Germany, playing often with the groups electra and Stern-Combo Meißen. They continued to tour and record into the 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="18749267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749267" title="Whittemore House (Gloucester, Massachusetts)">
Whittemore House (Gloucester, Massachusetts)

The Whittemore House is a historic First Period house at 179 Washington Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It is estimated to have been built around 1700, based on an analysis of its framing and construction methods, and is one of the oldest surviving buildings in the city. It is a two story wood frame building with a two story shed-style addition on the rear, and a single story addition on the right side. When first built, it consisted of two rooms with a chimney on the right; two more rooms were added in the First Period timeframe to the right of the chimney, nearly centering it in the house. The original chimney has since been removed.
The house is also notable for its occupation by artist Fitz Hugh Lane, who used the left side room as his studio for a time. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749271" title="Carlos Miguel Jiménez Airport">
Carlos Miguel Jiménez Airport

Carlos Miguel Jiménez Airport is a small airport that serves the city of Pilar, in the Ñeembucú Department of Paraguay.
Since 2005, the airport will be undergoing a major technological renovation.

</doc>
<doc id="18749280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749280" title="Jaime Ramírez">
Jaime Ramírez

Jaime Caupolicán Ramírez Banda (born August 14, 1931 in Santiago, Chile - February 26, 2003) was a Chilean football striker.
Biography.
Club.
He was skillful with the ball, he had great technique and even at his height, he did great heading, he played in the junior divisions of Bádminton (1946–1947), Universidad de Chile in 1949-1952, 1962 and 1966, he was a Colo-Colo champion with the team in 1956, Club Deportivo O'Higgins, Huachipato, Audax Italiano, Unión San Felipe, Palestino and outside of his country of origin he played for Racing Club of Argentina, Espanyol from Barcelona and Granada from Spain. In this country, he showed so much abilities that he was nicknamed "Superclase" meaning "Super-Class" by sports commentators and the media.
National Team.
He participated in 56 games for Chile, where 36 games were official games and he scored 13 goals. He made his debut in the national team on September 17, 1954, in a game against Peru, where Chile defeated Peru 2 to 1. But his most memorable presentations in the national team took place in 1962, where he scored 2 goals, one against Switzerland, and one against Italy. On the other hand, he was one of the best players of the tournament, playing frequently as a right winger, midfielder, and even left defender taking advantage of his many talents. His great performance allowed his transfer from Universidad de Chile to the Argentine side of Racing de Avellaneda. At the end of his career and being aged 35 years old, he was a member of the Chilean team that competed in the 1966 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18749303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749303" title="White-Preston House">
White-Preston House

The White-Preston House, built c. 1722, is a historic house at 592 Maple Street in Danvers, Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749313" title="Video sculpture">
Video sculpture

A video sculpture is a type of video installation that involves one or more video screens that spectators move among or stand in front of. Video sculptures formed of more than one screen may broadcast a single program or may simultaneously broadcast different interconnected sequences on several channels. The screens of which the sculpture is comprised can be arranged in many different ways. For example, they can be suspended from a ceiling, aligned and stacked to make a video wall or even randomly stacked on top of each other. In some cases only a television cabinet is displayed or a cabinet is emptied of its contents and displayed with something else inside. Video sculpture is a medium that offers performing artists a chance to have a more permanent artistic forum.
History.
In the late 1950s and early 1960s, artists Wolf Vostell and Edward Kienholz began experimenting with TVs by using them in their happenings and assemblages respectively. In March 1963, Nam June Paik's debuted his video sculpture entitled "Music/Electronic Television" at the Parnass Gallery in Wupertal, which used 13 doctored televisions. In May 1963 Wolf Vostell shows his installation "6 TV-dé-coll/age" at the Smolin Gallery in New York utilized six televisions, each with an anomaly. Shigeko Kubota was also an innovator in the use of video in sculptural form. Her "Duchampiana: Nude Descending a Staircase" was the first video sculpture acquired by the Museum of Modern Art. This work is a reference to Marcel Duchamp's "Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2" (1912) Video sculpturist are becoming influential among early 21st century artists. One of Paik's video sculptures in which the six windows of a 1936 Chrysler Airstream were replaced with video monitors sold for $75,000 in 2002.
Charlotte Moorman was a notable subject of video sculptures as a renowned topless cellist.

</doc>
<doc id="18749318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749318" title="George W. Edwards">
George W. Edwards

George W. Edwards (born April 30, 1939) was the sixteenth president of Kansas City Southern Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18749343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749343" title="Old Lynn High School">
Old Lynn High School

The Old Lynn High School is a historic school at 50 High Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Italianate building was built in 1850 and opened to students in 1851. Originally five window bays in length, it was extended in 1876 by the addition of three bays to reach its present size, measuring by . It sits on a rise overlooking the downtown area in a residential neighborhood.
Inside the building, the first floor shows only traces of its original academic use, having been converted to other uses. The second floor still shows the original classroom layouts, with two classrooms occupying either side of a central hallway in the original part of the building, and a third classroom is contained in the 1876 addition.
The building was used by the city for academic purposes for 124 years. It was the city's first high school until 1892, after which it served as a vocational shop for the English High School. In 1924 it became the home of the Lynn Independent Industrial Shoemaking School, which operated in the building until 1975. In 2002 the building had been vacant for some time, and was suffering from neglect and vandalism, including attempted arson. The building was rehabilitated and expanded in a historically sensitive way, and is now the facilities of Girls Incorporated of Lynn.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18749351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749351" title="Pashleth Glacier">
Pashleth Glacier

The Pashleth Glacier is a glacier south of the Machmell River and west of the Klinaklini Glacier in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749370" title="Old Public Library">
Old Public Library

The Old Public Library is a historic library building at 190 Hampshire Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts. The Richardsonian Romanesque structure was built in 1892 to a design by George G. Adams, a leading architect of public buildings in New England. The building is predominantly brownstone, with terracotta trim bands, an irregular and asymmetric massing with a tower, and its entrance recessed in an archway. It served as Lawrence's public library until 1973.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18749375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749375" title="On My Own (Brandon Paris Band album)">
On My Own (Brandon Paris Band album)

On My Own is Brandon Paris Band's first studio album. It includes the hit single, "Rewind and Start Again". Their debut album's first single, "Rewind and Start Again", was a huge success on commercial radio after being released on March 13, 2006. The song climbed up to top 20 on the Canadian CHR charts (tracked by Radio & Records (Billboard Information Group)). The second single, "Somebody to Hold" was also well received in many cities. It peaked at #53. Koch Entertainment, Brandon Paris Band's record label, decided to release "Give Me a Reason" only a month after the release of 'Somebody to Hold', in hopes of getting better results, but to their dismay it was not enough to reach top 40 status. "Give Me a Reason" peaked at #77 CHR. Brandon Paris Band was nominated for Best New Group or Solo Artist (CHR) by the Canadian Radio Music Awards in spring of 2007.
Vancouver-based record producer Troy Samson of Hipjoint Productions (Moka Only, Kreesha Turner, Snoop Dogg) and Jeff Dawson (State of Shock, Kelly Rowland, Daniel Powter, Marcy Playground) co-produced 6 of the songs on the album with Brandon Paris. Brandon Paris wrote all the lyrics and music for this album except the Reggae lyrics, which was written by Dagriff, a member of the band. The remaining 6 songs were recorded at Ninjabeatz Studios in Burnaby, BC, Canada. Songs produced by Brandon Paris. All the songs were mastered by Jamie Sitar of Suite Sound Labs(Armchair Cynics, Bif Naked, Treble Charger), Vancouver, BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18749378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749378" title="Tropical Storm Kammuri">
Tropical Storm Kammuri

The name Kammuri has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It is the Japanese term for the Corona Borealis constellation of stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="18749379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749379" title="Old Town Farm">
Old Town Farm

Old Town Farm is a historic poor farm building at 430 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts. The brick two story building was built in 1846, after Methuen lost its earlier poor farm due to the loss of part of its territory to newly-founded Lawrence. The building is five bays wide and deep, with entries on the front and side; the front entraice is recessed with a fanlight and sidelights. The building has shed dormers that run much of the length of the roofline, and its end walls are topped by parapets and double chimneys, features not seen elsewhere in the town.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; it is now a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="18749395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749395" title="Old Town House (Marblehead, Massachusetts)">
Old Town House (Marblehead, Massachusetts)

The Old Town House is a historic town house (town hall) at Town House Square in Marblehead, Massachusetts.
The town house was constructed in 1727. The upper level of the building served as a town hall, while the lower level was originally used as a market. The upstairs is still used as a town hall, but the lower level is the location of the Marblehead Police Museum. During the American Revolution notable proponents of liberty such as Elbridge Gerry and General John Glover debated independence in the building.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and included in the Marblehead Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18749401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749401" title="Nayland Blake">
Nayland Blake

Nayland Blake (born 1960 New York, NY) is an artist whose mixed-media work has been variously described as disturbing, provocative, elusive, tormented, sinister, hysterical, brutal, and tender.
Among his most famous pieces are a log cabin made of gingerbread squares fitted to a steel frame entitled "Feeder 2" (1998). When it went on display at the Tang Teaching Museum and Art Gallery, visitors furtively nibbled off bits and pieces of the cabin’s interior walls, while the smell of the gingerbread filled the gallery. Another well-known work is "Starting Over" (2000), a video of the artist dancing with taps on his shoes in a bunny suit made to weigh the same as his lover, Philip Horvitz. The suit was so heavy that Blake could hardly move as he took choreographic directions from Horvitz offstage.
"Gorge" (1998) is a video of the artist sitting shirtless being hand fed an enormous amount of food for an hour by a shirtless black man from behind.
In 2009, a live version of "Gorge" was staged in which audience members fed Blake.
His work often incorporates themes of masochism.
"Gorge" follows two other major threads of Blake’s work: his biracial heritage—the artist’s father was black—and his pansexuality.
Blake has had solo museum exhibition at the Tang Center and was included in the 1991 Whitney Biennial and that museum’s infamous "Black Male: Representations of Masculinity in Contemporary American Art" exhibition in 1994.
Maura Riley curated a retrospective of 30 years of Blake's art, "Behavior," which was presented in late 2008-early 2009 at Location One in New York City.
His work is in the collections of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Whitney Museum of American Art, the Walker Art Center, and the Des Moines Art Center, among others. He is represented by the Matthew Marks Gallery, and lives and works in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18749407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749407" title="List of founding Fellows, Scholars and Commissioners of Jesus College, Oxford">
List of founding Fellows, Scholars and Commissioners of Jesus College, Oxford

Jesus College, Oxford, the first Protestant college at the University of Oxford, was founded by Elizabeth I in 1571 at the instigation of a Welsh clergyman, Hugh Price. The royal charter issued by Elizabeth appointed a Principal and various Fellows, Scholars and Commissioners: the Fellows to educate the Scholars and to run the college, under the overall direction of the Principal; and the Commissioners to draw up statutes for the governance of the college, its officers and servants, and the management of the college property. The college was founded to help with the increased numbers of Welsh students at Oxford, and the founding Fellows included a number of individuals with links to Wales. The Commissioners included prominent individuals such as William Cecil, Lord Burghley, the Principal Secretary of State. The charter also gave land and buildings in Oxford to the new college.
Whilst the foundation process of the college started in 1571, it took more than fifty years and a further two charters, one in 1589 from Elizabeth and one in 1622 from her successor, James I, to complete the process. These further charters were necessary because neither the Commissioners appointed by the 1571 charter nor those appointed by the 1589 charter fulfilled their allotted task of drawing up statutes. During this time, Griffith Powell (one of the Fellows who was pressing for statutes to be drawn up) concluded that successive Principals were loath to have statutes, since these would limit the Principal's powers. One Principal lost a draft copy of the statutes; the next kept the next draft in his study for several years without taking steps to have them confirmed by the Commissioners. It was not until after the 1622 charter that statutes were approved by the Commissioners and the college was fully constituted. Despite the intention on the foundation of the college, none of the charters made special provision for Welsh students, although the students were predominantly Welsh from the outset.
Background to the foundation of the college.
Jesus College was the first Protestant college to be founded at the university, and it is the only Oxford college to date from Elizabeth's reign. It was the first new Oxford college since 1555, in the reign of Mary, when Trinity College and St John's College were founded as Roman Catholic colleges. The opening phrases of the charter, translated from the original Latin, have been noted as referring to the recent ecclesiastical changes in stating the purposes for which the college was founded:
Education in Wales had been stimulated by the foundation of grammar schools during the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward VI: King Henry VIII Grammar School in Abergavenny and Christ College, Brecon were established in the 1540s, and Friars School, Bangor dates from 1557. However, despite the numbers of Welsh students coming to Oxford University as a result, there was no special provision for Welshmen before 1571. A Welsh clergyman, Hugh Price, therefore petitioned Elizabeth to found a college at Oxford "that he might bestow his estate of the maintenance of certain scholars of Wales to be trained up in good letters." Whatever Price's wishes, and despite the links that he and many of the founding Fellows had with Wales, neither the 1571 charter nor any of the later charters limited entry to the college to Welshmen. Nevertheless, the college students were predominately Welsh from the outset, and the college became "the pinnacle of the academic ambition of the young men of Wales".
The charters.
Jesus College came into being when Elizabeth issued a charter dated 27 June 1571. The charter named a Principal (David Lewis), eight Fellows, eight Scholars and eight Commissioners. The eight Scholars named in the 1571 charter appear to have had nothing more than a purely notional connection to the college. Five of them are known to have studied at Merchant Taylors' School and Cambridge University, with four taking up scholarships in Greek at Pembroke Hall, Cambridge. The Commissioners were required to draw up statutes, which had to be approved by a majority of them. The Commissioners included Nicholas Bacon (Lord Keeper of the Great Seal), William Cecil, Lord Burghley (Principal Secretary of State) and Gilbert Gerard (Attorney General) – three "political heavyweights". The charter also gave to the new college the site and buildings of White Hall, located on Market Street and Ship Street – the college still occupies this site today. White Hall, which had closed in 1570, was one of the academic halls associated with the university – these were institutions that offered accommodation for students, but little in the way of teaching, and they were disappearing as the collegiate system at Oxford grew.
The charter, written in Latin on the flesh side of a prepared calfskin, is . It is highly decorated with Tudor designs and motifs, with its style being similar to that of books of hours. Elizabeth is depicted in the opening illuminated letter, seated on a blue throne in robes of scarlet trimmed with ermine, and holding an orb and sceptre. It has been suggested by the art historian Roy Strong that the image is based on the work of Levina Teerlinc, a Flemish miniaturist. The border is decorated with floral and heraldic motifs, including the Tudor rose. The Great Seal of England was used to authenticate the charter, and the remnants of the Seal are still attached to it.
As the Commissioners did not complete their task of drawing up statutes before too many of them had died to permit the remainder to act, a second charter, dated 7 July 1589, was obtained by the then Principal, Francis Bevans. Elizabeth appointed thirteen Commissioners, any three of whom could approve the statutes, and also confirmed Bevans as Principal. Thereafter Griffith Powell, a former student of the college who had been elected to a fellowship in 1589, drafted some statutes and attempted to have them confirmed by the new Commissioners. However, neither Bevans nor his successor John Williams pressed for statutes to be confirmed. In their absence, the Principal had an autocratic position. Powell's view was that successive Principals were "loath to have any statutes at all", since their power would be "limited" by them. Bevans took Powell's draft to his residence in Hereford, where he stayed for several years and lost the copy. In 1595, Powell took another copy to John Whitgift, Archbishop of Canterbury and chief Commissioner, who rebuked Bevans for not attempting to obtain statutes. Whitgift passed the draft to two other Commissioners in turn, Gabriel Goodman, the Dean of Westminster, and Herbert Westphaling, Bishop of Hereford. Westphaling signed the draft in June 1601. With two more signatures still being required, the statutes were sent to John Herbert in 1602. However, Williams took the draft statutes away before Herbert approved them, and kept them in his study until 1609 without making further attempts to have them confirmed.
In 1609, Powell brought matters to the attention of Richard Bancroft, Archbishop of Canterbury and Chancellor of the university, and Bancroft compelled Williams to produce the statutes. Williams expelled Powell from his fellowship, but the Chancellor ordered his reinstatement. Bancroft died in 1610, and his successor as Archbishop, George Abbot (who was not a Commissioner), found the statutes in his study and returned them to Williams, who took no further steps before his death in 1613. Powell, who had run the college during the long absences of Bevans and who was Vice-Principal under Williams, was appointed Principal by Thomas Egerton, Lord Ellesmere, the Chancellor of the University, in 1613. However, there were by that time insufficient living Commissioners to validate the statute. It was not until Sir Eubule Thelwall became Principal in 1621 that matters moved forward. A third charter was obtained from James I on 1 June 1622, confirming Thelwall as Principal and nominating eight Fellows and eight Scholars. Two Fellows (Robert Johnson and John Higginson) and two Scholars (Lancelot Andrewes and Thomas Dove) were survivors from the 1571 charter. Four of the other six Scholars in the 1622 charter are known to have been undergraduates at Jesus College at the time; the other two appear to have been relatives of the Principal, Sir Eubule Thelwall, but do not appear in the college records. The charter also appointed new commissioners, and little time was taken in drawing up the statutes thereafter.
People named in the 1589 charter.
The charter of 1589 appointed 13 Commissioners – whilst Francis Bevans was confirmed as Principal, no Fellows or Scholars were appointed by this charter.

</doc>
<doc id="18749410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749410" title="Olmsted Subdivision Historic District">
Olmsted Subdivision Historic District

Olmsted Subdivision Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by New Ocean St/Paradise Road, Swampscott Avenue, Redington Street and Burrill Street in Swampscott, Massachusetts.
According to the May 2005 Massachusetts Heritage Landscape Inventory Program (Swampscott Reconnaissance Report), “This large residential neighborhood was planned by Frederick Law Olmsted, Sr. in 1888 at the request of the Swampscott Land Trust. The 130-acre estate had belonged to E. Redington Mudge. Olmsted’s plan with its curvilinear roads layout, traffic islands, entrance parkway, use of the topographic features and fine architecture is remarkably well preserved. The roads and traffic islands are maintained by the town. The shapes have not been altered; however the town has been unable to maintain original plant material. Part of the original plan showed “Overlook Park” with steps leading to it at the end of Monument Avenue. It was never constructed and in its place is a huge house on top of the hill. The original subdivision had 191 lots of varying sizes and shapes.”
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18749416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749416" title="Hank O'Neal">
Hank O'Neal

Hank O’Neal (born as Harold L. O’Neal, Jr. June 5, 1940 in Kilgore, Texas) is an American music producer, author and photographer. He is equally well known in all these disciplines.
Youth.
His mother, Sarah Christian O’Neal was a musically and intellectually inclined housewife from Tyler, Texas. His father was a professional soldier and educator in the US Army in Texas and the Pacific (1929–1947) and, following World War II, an educator and public school superintendent in upstate New York (1953–72). O’Neal was raised throughout Texas, primarily Fort Worth, Bloomington, Indiana, and Syracuse, New York. After first attending Renesselaer Polytechnic Institute, he graduated from Syracuse University in 1962.
Early career.
In 1960 O’Neal was introduced to a representative of the Central Intelligence Agency and ultimately accepted employment with that organization. He reported for duty in January 1963 and remained with the CIA in Washington D.C. and New York City until 1976. He served in the US Army during the same period (1962–1967), rising to the rank of Captain. The nature of his employment allowed him the flexibility of pursuing other interests during these years.
Music.
During a forty year career in music, he formed two record companies, Chiaroscuro Records and Hammond Music Enterprises, built two recording studios (WARP and Downtown Sound), produced over 200 jazz LPs/CDs and - in conjunction with his business partner, Shelley M. Shier and their production company, HOSS, Inc. - over 100 music festivals (The Floating Jazz Festival The Blues Cruise, Mardi Gras At Sea, Big Bands At Sea and others from 1983–2002), published a number of books and articles on jazz, photographed most of the giants of jazz from the second half of the 20th Century, exhibited these photographs regularly and served on the boards of various non-profit organizations that serve the jazz community, including the Jazz and Contemporary Music Program of The New School (1985 to present), The Jazz Foundation of America (1993 to present) and more recently the Jazz Gallery (1995 to present) and the National Jazz Museum in Harlem.
Photography.
His first photographs were taken as a teenager and young man but O’Neal didn’t begin to pursue photography seriously until 1969 when he acquired a professional camera and began documenting recording sessions and jazz concerts he was producing. Long before Berenice Abbott admonished him to always have a project, he undertook his first, in rural East Texas during the years 1970-1973. These photographs led to his first exhibition in September 1973, at The Open Mind Gallery in New York City.
In the 1970s he became friendly and associated with a diverse group of photographers, notably Walker Evans, André Kertész and most importantly, Berenice Abbott, with whom he worked for the last 19 years of her life.
Between the years 1970 and 1999 in addition to undertaking many photographic projects, O’Neal also published numerous books related to photography. In 1999, at the urging of Evelyn Daitz, the gallery director, he had a major retrospective of his work to that point at The Witkin Gallery. The focus of his activities have been more directed towards photography since then. He has had many exhibitions since that time. In 2003 his photographic career was summarized in a major profile in The New York Times.
Humanitarian Causes.
Hank O'Neal sits on the Honorary Founders Board of The Jazz Foundation of America. 
Hank worked with the Jazz Foundation to save the homes and the lives of America's elderly jazz and blues musicians including musicians that survived Hurricane Katrina. During 40 years in the music business, O’Neal has served on the boards of various non-profit organizations, including the Jazz Foundation of America, the Jazz Museum in Harlem, the Jazz Gallery and the Jazz and Contemporary Program of The New School.

</doc>
<doc id="18749424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749424" title="Orlando (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Orlando (Andover, Massachusetts)

Orlando is the historic estate of William Wood, Jr. in Andover, Massachusetts. Wood's father, William Madison Wood, was owner of the American Woolen Company, whose home was the Arden estate next door to where Orlando was built c. 1915. Orlando is a distinctive Spanish Mission style mansion of 2.5 stories, with a green tile roof. It may have been a wedding present, for it was built around the time of Wood, Jr.'s marriage. Located at 260 N. Main Street, it now houses the private Lanam Club.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18749439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749439" title="Peabody Civic Center Historic District">
Peabody Civic Center Historic District

The Peabody Civic Center Historic District is a historic district on Chestnut, Church, Foster, Franklin, and Lowell Streets in Peabody, Massachusetts. It includes buildings in the traditional civic heart of Peabody, including the City Hall and St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church.
The district features Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Italianate architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18749459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749459" title="Kathleen Jones">
Kathleen Jones

Kathleen Jones (born 1946) is an English poet and biographer.
Born and brought up on a hill farm in the north of England, she escaped to London as a teenager in order to become a writer. She spent several years in Africa and the Middle East - where she worked in English broadcasting - before returning home. She read law and then English Literature as a mature student at university before specialising in early women writers - work that culminated in "A Glorious Fame", the life of Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle. Her extensive published work includes radio journalism, articles for magazines and newspapers, short fiction and eleven books - a mixture of biography, general non-fiction and two poetry collections. She is currently living in Cumbria and Italy with her husband sculptor Neil Ferber. Her latest work, a biography of Katherine Mansfield called "The Storyteller", was published in New Zealand in August 2010 by Penguin and in the UK in December 2010 by Edinburgh University Press. It is the result of several years of gathering research material from hundreds of sources and many visits to New Zealand and includes an account of Mansfield's relationship with John Middleton Murry, his work as editor of Mansfield's unpublished manuscripts, letters and notebooks after her death, and how this adversely affected his own life. 
Kathleen Jones has published poetry, feature articles and short fiction in a variety of national and international magazines and newspapers . Her short stories have been anthologised and also broadcast on Radio 4 and on radio networks in Holland, Germany and Spain. She is on the British Council authors list, and was one of the featured authors in the recent 'Save our Short Story Anthology' compiled by the Arts Council on the internet.
A prize-winning collection of poetry, "Unwritten Lives", was published by Redbeck Press in 1995 and a further collection "Secret Eden" was exhibited as part of a collaborative project for Visual Arts Year 97 with landscape photographer Tony Riley. Her latest collection "Not Saying Goodbye at Gate 21", published by Templar Poetry, was joint winner of the Straid Collection Award 2011. 
Kathleen Jones is a regular performer at Literature Festivals all over Britain and leads creative writing workshops for fiction, poetry and life writing. She is also a tutor for the Open University's new creative writing program and currently a Royal Literary Fund Fellow.
Her work 'is characterized by an ability to select and extract details from her research and use them to paint a coherent portrait of her subject, bringing them vividly to life. She crafts strong stories from real events leaving you with a feeling that you know and understand the subject of the biography'.
Works.
"as Kate Gordon:-"
Short Fiction
ISBN 978-0-9567303-1-2

</doc>
<doc id="18749467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749467" title="Measles outbreaks in the 21st century">
Measles outbreaks in the 21st century

Outbreaks of the viral disease measles continue to occur in the 21st century. Although an effective measles vaccine exists, a controversy regarding the popular MMR formulation in the late 1990s has led to reduced vaccination coverage in some countries, which has disrupted efforts towards the eradication of measles.
Americas.
Canada.
Southern regions of the province of Quebec witnessed a measles outbreak affecting 94 persons in the Spring and Summer of 2007. The outbreak lasted 25 weeks, included more than one strain of the measles virus and had 12-17 generations of spread.
In 2008, Canada had more than 30 confirmed cases in Ontario in 2008, with more than half reported in Toronto.
Measles is still endemic in Alberta, portions of Ontario, and Quebec.
In 2011, Quebec experienced the largest outbreak of measles in the Americas since 2002. The outbreak began on 8 January with unvaccinated individuals acquiring the disease whilst traveling to France, a country with high measles incidence, and returning home to Quebec. Public health officials responded to the outbreak by launching a mass vaccination campaign, and on 22 December, the outbreak ended with a total of 776 cases having occurred. 615 cases (79%) had not been vaccinated, including 29 infants too young to receive the vaccine. 11% of cases required hospitalization, and complications occurred in 64 cases (8%), with pneumonia being the most common complication observed (3% of cases). No deaths were reported.
United States.
Indigenous measles were declared to have been eliminated in North, Central, and South America; the last endemic case in the region was reported on November 12, 2002, with rural Canada still having minor endemic status. Outbreaks are still occurring, however, following importations of measles viruses from other world regions. In June 2006, an outbreak in Boston resulted after a resident became infected in India, and in October 2007, a Michigan girl who had been vaccinated contracted the disease overseas.
Between January 1 and April 25, 2008, a total of 64 confirmed measles cases were preliminarily reported in the United States to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the most reported by this date since 2001, and the highest total number in six years. Of the 64 cases, 54 were associated with importation of measles from other countries into the United States, and 63 of the 64 patients were unvaccinated or had unknown or undocumented vaccination status. By July 9, 2008, a total of 127 cases were reported in 15 states, making it the largest US outbreak since 1997 (when 138 cases were reported). Most of the cases were acquired outside of the United States and afflicted individuals who had not been vaccinated.
On May 24, 2011 the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that the United States has had 118 measles cases so far this year. The 118 cases were reported by 23 states and New York City between Jan 1 and May 20. Of the 118 cases, 105 (89%) were associated with cases abroad and 105 (89%) of the 118 patients had not been vaccinated.
There was an outbreak of measles in San Diego, California in early 2008. The outbreak is traced to an unvaccinated 7-year-old child who went on a family trip to Europe. The CDC refers to this as an "import-associated outbreak". The final diagnosis included 11 additional cases of measles in unvaccinated children in San Diego. All of the confirmed patients were not vaccinated because they were younger than 1, the minimum age for measles inoculation, or because their parents declined to have them vaccinated. The typical vaccine would be the MMR vaccine. The incident drew attention to the controversy over MMR vaccination. This was San Diego County's first measles outbreak since 1991.
There was an outbreak of measles in Pima County, Arizona in February 2008. There were 13 laboratory confirmed and 4 probable measles cases, though 22 cases were previously reported. The outbreak started with a visitor from Switzerland and resulted in a public health emergency declaration by Pima County. The last confirmed Pima County case occurred in 1994, and the last outbreak occurred in 1991.
At least 20 members of the Eagle Mountain International Church in North Texas were diagnosed with measles after a few members of the congregation traveled abroad on a mission trip and contracted the disease. The church is part of Kenneth Copeland Ministries, which used to advocate abstaining from vaccinations and immunizations for fear they cause autism. The church has sponsored several vaccination drives. Senior Pastor Terri Pearsons, who had previously expressed concerns about potential links between the measles vaccine and autism, was encouraging parishioners to get vaccinated. However, she said she still has some concerns about vaccines, particularly for young children with a family history of autism, and where several immunizations are given at the same time. William Schaffner, professor at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, described the pastor as "misinformed" and said that young children are among the most vulnerable to measles.
Asia.
Israel.
Approximately 1000 cases of the disease were reported in Israel between August 2007 and May 2008 (in sharp contrast to just some dozen cases the year before). Many children in ultra-Orthodox Jewish communities were affected due to low vaccination coverage.
Japan.
In 2007, a large measles outbreak in Japan caused a number of universities and other institutions to close in an attempt to contain the disease.
Europe.
In 2008, Europe faced a measles epidemic, including large outbreaks in Austria, Italy, and Switzerland. In 2010, 30,367 cases were reported from across the 32 European countries reporting to euvac.net (72% of which were reported from Bulgaria, and 17% from France), and 21 measles-related deaths (17 in Bulgaria, 2 in France, and 1 in Romania). The World Health Organization reported over 26,000 measles cases in 36 European countries from January to October 2011, with 83% occurring in western Europe. There were nine deaths, of which six were French, and 7,288 hospitalizations.
In February of 2014, 26 cases in Barcelona, Spain.
Netherlands.
In September 2008 an outbreak occurred among anthroposophists' children in the cities of The Hague and Utrecht. Some 90 infections of unvaccinated children were recorded by the Dutch National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RIVM) by September 29. It was expected the outbreak would spread to the region of the Veluwe, locally known as a "bijbelgordel" ("Bible Belt") with a large population of unvaccinated children on religious grounds.
In June 2013, another outbreak occurred in the Bible Belt in The Netherlands. According to newspaper Algemeen Dagblad, there were 161 infections, of which 5 infected victims were hospitalized critically ill. 2 of the victims had meningitis, two others had pneumonia and from one of them, the complications are still unknown.
United Kingdom.
After the MMR vaccine controversy began, the MMR vaccination compliance dropped sharply in the United Kingdom, from 92% in 1996 to 84% in 2002. In some parts of London, it was as low as 61% in 2003, far below the rate needed to avoid an epidemic of measles. By 2006 coverage for MMR in the UK at 24 months was 85%, lower than the about 94% coverage for other vaccines.
After vaccination rates dropped, the incidence of two of the three diseases increased greatly in the UK. In 1998 there were 56 confirmed cases of measles in the UK; in 2006 there were 449 in the first five months of the year, with the first death since 1992. Cases occurred in inadequately vaccinated children. The age group affected was too old to have received the routine MMR immunizations around the time the paper by Wakefield "et al." was published, and too young to have contracted the natural disease as a child, and thus to achieve a herd immunity effect. With the decline in infection that followed the introduction of the MMR vaccine, these individuals had not been exposed to the disease, but still had no immunity, either natural or vaccine induced. Therefore, as immunization rates declined following the controversy and the disease re-emerged, they were susceptible to infection. Measles cases continued in 2006, at incidence rates 13 times greater than 1998 levels. Two children were severely and permanently injured by measles encephalitis despite undergoing kidney transplantation in London.
Disease outbreaks also caused casualties in nearby countries. 1,500 cases and three deaths were reported in the Irish outbreak of 2000, which occurred as a direct result of decreased vaccination rates following the MMR scare.
In 2008, for the first time in 14 years, measles was declared endemic in the UK, meaning that the disease was sustained within the population. This was caused by the preceding decade's low MMR vaccination rates, which created a population of susceptible children who could spread the disease. In May 2008, a British 17-year-old with an underlying immunodeficiency died of measles.
An outbreak centered on the Swansea area of Wales started in November 2012; as of 22 April there have been 886 cases.
Bulgaria.
Beginning in April 2009 there was a large outbreak of measles in Bulgaria, with 23,791 cases, including 24 deaths, reported up to 28 July 2010. From Bulgaria, the strain was carried to Germany, Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, and other European countries.
France.
Between January 2008 and April 2011, over 17,000 cases of measles were reported in France, including 2 deaths in 2010 and 6 deaths in 2011. From January to October 2011, there were 14,000 reported cases of measles in France, leading the country to launch an awareness campaign about MMR vaccination.
Oceania.
Australia.
Fourteen cases have been reported in multiple Australian and New Zealand cities including Melbourne and Auckland in the period between December 7, 2013 and January 3, 2014. The outbreak is believed to have begun at the 2013 World Supremacy Battlegrounds dance festival held in Sydney, Australia.
New Zealand.
Ten cases were reported in Christchurch in July 2009.
An outbreak between 25 May 2011 and 24 July 2012 in the Auckland region had 489 confirmed or probable cases of measles, 82 of which required hospitalisation. The outbreak was started with an unimmunised child becoming infected on a family trip to England, then developing measles back in Auckland.<ref name="Auckland Measles 2011/2012" />

</doc>
<doc id="18749469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749469" title="Trudel Glacier">
Trudel Glacier

The Trudel Glacier is a glacier at the head of Trudel Creek in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749524" title="Khairahani Secondary School, Khairahani Chitwan">
Khairahani Secondary School, Khairahani Chitwan

History.
The school history began with its first registration as the (primary) school in Majhui Village of the Khairahini VDC, where it was established in B.S.2012 through the efforts of late educationist Kishor Chandra Dhungana and the villagers of Majhui Village. After some six months, as a result of the initiatives of Sultana resident Budhai (Boliya) Mahato, Bajralal Chaudhary and other villagers, the primary school was moved to Sultana, 2 miles from Mujhai. The first teacher of the school was Mr.Ramnath Pande. 
In B.S.2013, the school was relocated to Khairahini. The land currently occupied by the school was the place of the Dharma Godam which was in bad condition. By B.S.2014, the building of Dharma Godam and 1 bigaha 15 Kattha of land was transferred to the school through an auction and the school was shifted from Khairahini to where it now remains.
In B.S.2019 through the Shailendra Kumar Aayog, the school received 13 Bigaha of land but the land survey in B.S.2026 verified only 11 Bigaha and 7 Kattha land to be belonging to the school. Through some legal procedures, under the involvement of the Rameshwor Pande, Purendra Kumar Mainali, and other aware parents of the region in B.S.2024, the school began conducting high school level education with government approval. 
The first principal of the school after this transformation was late Mr.Purendra Kumar Mainali. Named Shree Khairahani Primary School on B.S.2012, the school was renamed as Mahendra Biddhashram on B.S.2020, and as Prithivi High School on B.S.2024 immediately after which it was once again named as Shree Khairahani High School. In this way, the school finally came to be known as Shree Khairahani High School, Khairahani.
The school serves Padampur, Kumroj, Kathar, Piple, Bhandara, Birendranagar, Chaninpur, Bachyauli and around the eastern chitwan.
Geographical condition.
The school is located in Khairahini of Khairahini VDC, Ward no. 7 of Chitwan district from Narayani zone of Nepal. Situated at around one km south from the East-West Mahendra Highway, the school premises are 18 km away from District headquarter, Bharatpur. From this institution, Birendranagar VDC is to the east, Ratnanagar Municipality to the west, Chainpur VDC to the North and Kumroj, Kathar and Bachhauli VDCs to the South.
In relation to the registered map, up to Bairahani 1 in the east, Ward 32 of Ratnanagar municipality in the west, Khairahani Ward 4, Chainpur in the north and Khairahani Ward 9, Buddhyauli and Fasera, is what roughly makes the boundary of the place including all of Khairahini VDC and parts of Ratnanagar where the school exercises its work space.
Scholarships.
Lions Club Pagoda City Scholarships.
Lions Club Pagoda City, Lalitpur provide scholarships instructing that they should be given to poor, needy and laborious students. So on the annual day of the school every year, these scholarships are distributed to such students.
Rapti Green Society Scholarship.
The Rapti Green Society provides scholarships to help the poor, separated, discriminated and needy. The society provides these scholarships under these conditions:
Jasodadevi Niraula Memorial Scholarship.
When the wife of social server Bhawani Shankar Niraula, Mrs. Jasodadevi Niraula, died in the April 2006, a scholarship was set in her memory which provides the first and second students from classes 5,6,7 and 8 with a set of books and stationary each.
Junu Smriti Scholarshipp.
Junu pun, a child from the school who was preparing for SLC, was part of an accident in 22 March 2004 and died. Her parents set up a scholarship fund in her name with a capital of Rs.50,000 and made provisions so that from the interest of this fund annually two girls from the school with extraordinary marks receive this scholarship.
Extra curricular activities.
Sports.
The school has sport grounds, equipment and game teachers. It has produced national players, who play in the national team.
Educational trips.
The school organizes a recreation tour every year to enhance student knowledge with socialization process by focusing on an area, culture, place or people.
Cultural programs.
The school organizes programs from dance competition to poem competition, cultural show to music show.
SCOUT.
The school has a Scout unit. It arranges camping and fund rising events.
Red Cross.
This promote awareness of health issues, natural disasters and first aid. It organizes blood donations, free eye tests and medical checkups every year for the poor communities across Khairahani VDC.
Details.
Ghanshyam Pardhan
Khairahani Higher Secondary School
Khairahani-7, Jamauli
Khairahani, Chitwan
Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="18749527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749527" title="Beauty and the Beast (1983 film)">
Beauty and the Beast (1983 film)

Beauty and the Beast () is a 1983 Danish drama film written and directed by Nils Malmros. The film stars Line Arlien-Søborg as a sexually active 16-year-old and Jesper Klein as the father who struggles to accept his daughter's relationships with boys as well as his own jealousy. Malmros, who had worked with the young Arlien-Søborg on his coming-of-age drama, "Tree of Knowledge", wrote the role of the daughter specifically for her. 
Awards and nominations.
Both Arlien-Søborg and Klein won the 1984 Bodil and Robert awards for acting. "Beauty and the Beast" received the 1984 Bodil Award for Best Danish Film and Robert Award for Film of the Year. The film was entered into the 34th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18749530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749530" title="Walter Coffin">
Walter Coffin

Walter Coffin (1784 – 15 February 1867) was a Welsh coalowner and Member of Parliament. Coffin is recognised as the first person to exploit the rich coal fields of the Rhondda Valley on an industrial scale, pioneering the growth of one of the most wealthy coal mining areas in the world.
Early life.
Born in 1784 he was the second son of Walter Coffin, the founder of a tanning business in Bridgend, and his second wife Anne Morgan. Coffin was descended from a well known Bridgend family, the Prices of Ty'n Ton, into which his grandfather, an owner of an estate in Selworthy, had married. Coffin was educated at Cowbridge Grammar School and later at a nonconformist academy in Exeter; in 1804 he returned to Wales to join the family business. In 1791 his father had purchased several farmsteads in the parish of Llantrisant, including the area of Dinas Uchef Farm from William Humphries. In 1809, at the age of 24 and bored with the tanning industry, Walter Coffin the younger set out to prospect for coal at his father's farm land in Dinas. He terminated the tenancy of Lewis Robert Richard at the site and with the financial support of his father began prospecting.
Coal mining in South Wales.
Coffin faced four major problems while prospecting for coal in lower Rhondda: there was little known of the geology of the area, there were few skilled miners in the locality, there were no transport links for three miles and there was no proven outside market. Coffin opened at least five levels in the area, his first at the Graig Vein (the Rhondda No. 1 seam) was of poor quality and thickness, but his second, also in 1809 reached the No.2 Rhondda Seam which was of a good quality. This prompted Coffin to extend his mineral lease and sink a vertical shaft. At a depth of 40 yards a good seam of bituminous coal was struck at the Dinas Lower Colliery. When Coffin marketed his "Dynas No. 3" coal, later known as "Coffin's Coal", it gained an excellent reputation for its quality and low impurities, popular in metal work and coking. 
Coffin then needed to address the issue of transport. In 1794 the Glamorganshire Canal was completed, linking the ironworks of Merthyr to Coffin's intended market at Cardiff Docks. One of the early proprietors of the canal, Dr. Richard Griffiths, had constructed a two mile tramroad from his own coal level at Denia (Pontypridd), bridging the River Taff before his own private canalwork linked to the Glamorganshire Canal at Treforest. Coffin quickly made arrangements to construct a one mile tramline to connect his mines in Dinas to that at Griffiths's Denia level and by 1810 the two men entered an agreement ensuring all coal raised in the Lower Rhondda used their interconnecting lines. Coffin now had transport links to the coast, his next step would be in finding a market.
Coffin became a deputy chairman of the Taff Vale Railway in 1846, and in 1855 its Chairman.
Political career and later life.
In 1812, Coffin moved his family from Nolton in Bridgend to Llandaff Court in Cardiff, a move which saw his influence and standing increase. He became a Justice of the Peace around the early 1830s and in 1835 was an alderman of Cardiff. He continued his rise in society becoming the mayor of Cardiff in 1848. Coffin became a Member of Parliament for Cardiff (1852–57) as a UnitarianLiberal, and was the Wales's first Nonconformist parliamentary representative. During his five years in the House of Commons, he never addressed the house. In 1857 he gave up his seat in Parliament and moved permanently to England to be near his family. In 1867 he died at his home in Kensington, but was buried at the Unitatian Church graveyard, Park Street, Bridgend. Neither he nor his siblings married and the family name died out with their deaths.
In 1972 the Church Trustees of the Park Street Church removed Coffin's gravestone and covered the grave with tarmac. Although Bridgend Council found no infringement to planning regulations, the actions caused local resentment to the destruction of "an important historical relic".

</doc>
<doc id="18749545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749545" title="Athletics at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 2000 Summer Paralympics comprised a total of 234 events, 165 for men and 69 for women. Athletes were classified according to the extent and type of their disability.
Class numbers were preceded by a "T" for track events, an "F" for field events, and a "P" for the pentathlon. Lower class numbers corresponded to more severe disability. An exception to this classification scheme arose for athletes with severe cerebal palsy competing in field events; there were no F32 events, so athletes from this category instead competed in class F51 against athletes with spinal cord disabilities.

</doc>
<doc id="18749551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749551" title="List of UEFA Super Cup matches">
List of UEFA Super Cup matches

The UEFA Super Cup is an annual association football competition contested between the winners of the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League, which was established in 1972. It was previously contested between the winners of the European Cup (or UEFA Champions League since 1993) and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup until 1999, when the latter was discontinued by UEFA. The last Super Cup in this format was the 1999 UEFA Super Cup between Lazio and Manchester United, which Lazio won 1–0. The competition was originally played over two legs, one at each participating club's stadium, but since the 1998 edition, it has been a single match played at a neutral venue, the Stade Louis II in Monaco. From 2013, the competition will leave Monaco and take place at a different stadium across Europe.
Milan hold the record for the most victories, winning the competition five times since its inception. They are also the only team to have retained the UEFA Super Cup, doing so in 1990, after winning the previous competition in 1989. Barcelona have played the most number of finals (eight) and hold the distinction of being runners-up the most times (four). Bayern Munich have played the most Super Cup without winning (three). Spanish teams have won the competition the most times, with ten wins. The current champions are Bayern Munich, who beat Chelsea 7–6 on penalties to win the 2013 UEFA Super Cup.
Performances.
By method of qualification.
(*): Known as European Champion Clubs' Cup from 1956 to 1992
A.  The 1972 final is not recognised by UEFA as an official title.
B.  Took place in January 1974 rather than at the start of the season, as it has been thereafter.
C.  Competition was abandoned because Bayern Munich and FC Magdeburg could not find a mutually convenient date for the match.
D.  Competition was not played because Liverpool could not find a suitable date to play Dinamo Tbilisi due to fixture congestion.
E.  One match was played in 1984 because Liverpool could not find another date to play Juventus.
F.  Competition was abandoned as Everton could not play, due to a ban on English clubs' participation in European football competitions.
G.  Due to political circumstances, Steaua București and Dynamo Kyiv agreed to contest the 1986 competition on a one-off basis.
H.  One match was played in 1991 due to political circumstances in former Yugoslavia.
I.  European champions Marseille were suspended due to a bribery scandal, so Milan took their place as runner-up in the European Cup.
J.  Score was 1–1 after 90 minutes and 2–2 after extra time. Bayern Munich won the penalty shoot-out 5–4.
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="18749561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749561" title="Point Islands">
Point Islands

The uninhabited Point Islands are located in Hudson Strait's Diana Bay. Though they are near the Inuit hamlet of Quaqtaq, Quebec, they are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18749579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749579" title="LAG Nos. 87 and 88">
LAG Nos. 87 and 88

The Bavarian engines with railway numbers 87 and 88 were superheated steam locomotives with the Localbahn AG (LAG). They were the last two engines that the LAG procured because shortly after their delivery in 1937, the company was finally nationalised. The locomotives were largely similar in their design to the TAG 7 locomotive, that had been developed in 1936 by Krauss-Maffei for the "Tegernsee Railway" AG ("Tegernseebahn AG" or "TAG"). TAG 7 (and its two sister engines) were the last branch line ("Lokalbahn") locomotives to be designed and built in Bavaria. Unlike the two LAG engines, TAG 7 survived, first as the operating reserve for the "Tegernseebahn" and later as a museum locomotive. It is maintained by the Bavarian Localbahn Society and regularly used for museum trips around Munich. 
TAG 7 and her sisters are the end of a line of development from the first six-wheeled, branch line engines at the end of the 19th century through the Bavarian GtL 4/4 (DRG classes 98.8-9 and 9.16) and the Bavarian GtL 4/5 (DRG Class 98.10 and 98.11). The relationship between the various types is externally very clearly visible. Under the old Bavarian classification scheme, the TAG/LAG engines would have been GtL 4/6 locomotives. Unlike the GtL 4/5, they took the original design of the GtL4/4 and extended it by two carrying axles that were each located in a Krauss-Helmholtz bogie. The coupled wheel diameter was increased from 1,006 to 1,100 mm. This resulted in very good riding qualities in both directions and the top speed could be raised to 70 km/h. The three locomotives were the largest and most powerful "Lokalbahn" locomotives ever to be operated in Germany.
At first the two LAG engines were stabled in Füssen. Both were transferred to the ownership of the Deutsche Reichsbahn as Class 98.18 and were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn after the Second World War. The remained in service until 1960, at the end in Kempten.

</doc>
<doc id="18749594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749594" title="Wang Randi">
Wang Randi

Wang Randi (born 1991-05-31 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a female Chinese swimmer, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18749606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749606" title="Eleutherius and Antia">
Eleutherius and Antia

Eleutherius (or Eleut(h)erus or Eleftherios; sometimes called Liberalis or Liberator, Latin translations of his Greek name) and his mother Antia (or Anthia) () are venerated as Christian saints and martyrs.
Born in Rome, Eleutherius's father died when he was a young child and his mother, Anthia, took him to Anicetus, the Bishop of Rome, who taught him in the divine scriptures. Eleutherius is venerated as a bishop of Illyricum; according to tradition, Antia was his mother. According to a source in Greek dating from before the 5th century, Antia was the widow of a consul named Eugenius. Her son Eleutherius was ordained a deacon and priest and then consecrated as bishop by a man named Anicetus. This tradition may have originated through confusion with Pope St. Eleutherius, who may have been a deacon of Pope Anicetus (c. 154-164).
The tradition states that Eleutherius was appointed bishop of Messina and Illyricum at the age of twenty and apparently settled in Valona. He was imprisoned by a "comes" named Felix; Eleutherius and Antia were taken to Rome to be judged by the Emperor Hadrian. According to this source, Eleutherius and Antia were both condemned to death on December 15. According to tradition, Eleutherius was clubbed to death, while Antia was beheaded. 
A Latin translation of this Greek text, dating from around the 8th century, states that Anicetus, after consecrating Eleutherius, assigned him to the see of "Apuliam Aecanam civitatem" (Aeca). Eleutherius and Antia were then taken to Rome and killed on April 18. The source states that the citizens of Aeca retrieved the bodies of the two martyrs from Rome and returned to their city with them. 
Baronius uses the descriptive "Episcopi Illyrici" (bishop of Illyricum) in his "Roman Martyrology", since he consulted the Greek source. Hippolyte Delehaye believed the association with Aeca was erroneous, and centuries earlier, Florus had believed "Apuliam Aecanam" was an error for "Apuliam Messenam" (Messina), but the association with Messina may also be erroneous. The confusion is increased when it is taken into account the fact that Eleutherius' name, which means "one who is free," was translated into Latin as "Liberator" or "Liberalis"; he may have been confused with other saints named Liberalis. 
Messina still claims Eleutherius and Antia as natives, stating that he was born in this Sicilian city on April 18, 121, and that later Eleutherius became a bishop of Illyricum. They were tortured with hot boiling oil, resin, and heated irons, and then thrown to the lions; none had the desired effect and finally the two were executed. 
Their bodies were then, according to tradition, buried in the Roman church of Santa Sabina, in the altar of San Lorenzo, and then moved to San Giovanni della Pigna, near the Pantheon, with the relics of Saint Genesius of Rome. The association with San Giovanni della Pigna may also be a result of confusion with Pope Eleuterus, whose relics were also said to have been translated to San Giovanni della Pigna. Christians from Rieti then may have carried their relics to their city, which still claims them.
Veneration.
Despite this confusion, Eleutherius' cult is ancient and widespread, and his name appears not only in ancient Greek calendars, but also in the "Martyrologium Hieronymianum" (under April 18, September 5, November 24, where it states “in civitate Riatensi”, a reference to Rieti, where he was also venerated); the Marble Calendar of Naples (under April 18), and in Mozarabic calendars.
Rieti.
The church of Sant'Eleuterio was built outside of the city walls of Rieti around the 5th century. According to tradition, the church claimed the relics of Eleutherius and Antia, carried from Rome by Bishop Primus of Rieti. Around the 5th or 6th centuries, the Benedictine Stephen of Rieti founded a monastic community near the tomb of the two martyrs.
Devotion to Eleutherius increased after a legend associated with Bishop Saint Probus of Rieti: that before his death a vision appeared of Saints Eleutherius and Juvenal ("Giovenale") to accompany the bishop into heaven. 
The church of Sant'Eleuterio acquired importance during the age of the Lombards, with its foundation confirmed with solemn honors by Liutprand. It acquired greater splendor after 1000 AD, when Peter, a local abbot, restored the church and its monastery, which lay near a stream and the city cemetery. In 1122, Count Grimald granted Sant'Eleuterio, the monastery, and its lands to the Cathedral of Santa Maria of Rieti. On August 13, 1198, Bishop Adolphus Secenari and Pope Innocent III translated the relics of the two saints to the cathedral, elevating the church to the status of a collegiate church with twelve canon priests and an abbot-rector.
Other places in Italy.
Numerous churches rose in Italy in honor of this saint. There was a church dedicated to him at Rome, on the Via Labicana. He was venerated on April 18 at Nepi, Vasto, and at Poreč (Parenzo) in Istria. At Chieti, Benevento, Salerno, and Sulmona, he was venerated on May 21; at Terracina on May 13; on May 23 at Arce, and on 31 December at Canne, where he described as a bishop of that town and a son of Evantia (a corruption of "Antia"). There were other churches dedicated to him at Mugnano del Cardinale and Ariano Irpino.
The monastery of San Liberatore a Maiella is dedicated to him.

</doc>
<doc id="18749634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749634" title="Klinaklini Glacier">
Klinaklini Glacier

The Klinaklini Glacier is a glacier west of the Klinaklini River and head of Knight Inlet in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749654" title="Nankang District, Ganzhou">
Nankang District, Ganzhou

Nankang () is a district of Ganzhou city in southern Jiangxi province. It was a county-level city until November 2013, when the State Council made it a district of Ganzhou.
Administration.
Nankang has a population of 810,000. It covers an area of 1796 square kilometers. The seat of the district is at Rongjiang Town (蓉江镇).

</doc>
<doc id="18749671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749671" title="Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956">
Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1956

The Netherlands held a national final to select the two entrants that Nederlandse Omroep Stichting (NOS), the Dutch broadcaster, would send to the inaugural Eurovision Song Contest in Lugano, Switzerland. The final was held on 24 April 1956.
Results.
"De vogels van Holland" ("The birds of Holland") by Jetty Paerl and "Voorgoed voorbij" ("Over forever") by Corry Brokken were chosen as the two Dutch entries. The votes of the first contest were never announced. 

</doc>
<doc id="18749678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749678" title="Deacon Edward Putnam, Jr. House">
Deacon Edward Putnam, Jr. House

The Deacon Edward Putnam Jr. House is a historic First Period house at 9 Gregory Street in Middleton, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house, its right (east) side and the central chimney, were built c. 1705, probably by Deacon Edward Putnam, Sr. By 1718 Edward, Jr. occupied the house with his family, by which time it had been expanded with rooms to the west. The house facade had, until renovations in the 1960s, an unusual three bay configuration, with two windows on the west side of the chimney and one to its right. The renovations in the 1960s added a leanto section to the rear of the house, beyond which a single story ell connects the house to a series of barns.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, where it is listed at 4 Gregory Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18749696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749696" title="River Road-Cross Street Historic District">
River Road-Cross Street Historic District

The River Road—Cross Street Historic District is a rural agricultural historic district in Topsfield, Massachusetts. It is representative of Topsfield's development first as an agricultural community, and later as place for rural retreats. The district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005, is roughly bounded by River Road, Rowley Bridge Road, Cross Street, Hill Street, and Salem Road, and also includes properties facing Prospect Street and Bradstreet Lane. Much of the district was consolidated under the ownership of William Appleton Coolidge in the 20th century, and bequeathed to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with restrictions to preserve its rural character. MIT sold the donated properties in 2000.
The district includes nineteen properties distributed across in a rural landscape that includes open farmlands, historic farmsteads, 19th and 20th century estate houses, and scenic views of the Ipswich River, which runs through the center of the district. Some of these lands have been worked since the early colonial days of Topsfield's history. The oldest houses in the district, the Zaccheus Gould House and the Stanley Lake House, date to the late 17th century, and are separately listed on the National Register. There are also several houses dating to the middle and late 18th century, notably two that were built by John Balch on Hill Street.
The area began a gradual transformation from a strictly agricultural use to that of a rural retreat area as early as 1807, when the Perkins-Pingree House was built at 49 Salem Road. This high Federal style house is one of the finest of its type in Topsfield. Two important large-scale estates in the area are the Meredith Farm (29 and 41 Cross Street) and the Cummings Estate (82 River Road). The Meredith Farm was developed as a rural retreat by Boston developer J. Morris Meredith, who built an Arts and Crafts style estate house on the property, while preserving the historic Daniel Bixby farmstead (built c. 1800). The Cummings Estate was the work of Margaret Cummings, who purchased land that had long been in the hands of the Lake family, early Topsfield settlers, in the early 20th century. Her brother, architect Charles Kimball Cummings, designed a collection of Tudor Revival buildings for the estate, and it was landscaped to designs by Arthur Shurcliff, who had studied landscape design with the Olmsted Brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18749704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749704" title="Tang Yi">
Tang Yi

Tang Yi (; born January 8, 1993 in Shanghai) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics, 2010 Summer Youth Olympics and won the bronze medal on the 100 m freestyle at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
She has won six gold medals at the 2010 Youth Olympics in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18749710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749710" title="Ukumari (Inca warrior)">
Ukumari (Inca warrior)

Ukumari (Quechua for bear or Spectacled Bear, hispanicized spelling "Ucumari") was an Inca prince and general supporting the cause of Atahualpa in the Inca Civil War. 
The name is used for a military leader in a children's historical novel by Daniel Peters.

</doc>
<doc id="18749713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749713" title="Pleasant-High Historic District">
Pleasant-High Historic District

The Pleasant-High Historic District encompasses the earliest area of non-agricultural residential development in Methuen, Massachusetts. It encompasses houses along High and Pleasant Streets from just east of Broadway to Vine Street, as well as a few that face on adjoining streets. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984; on its western boundary it abuts the Spicket Falls Historic District.
Prior to 1800 Methuen, which then included part of what is now Lawrence, was a predominantly rural agricultural town. Its primary industrial facility consisted of a gristmill and cotton mill, located at the falls of the Spicket River in what is now the town center. The construction in 1806 of the Turnpike (now Broadway) led to development of a housing district to its east, on a rise overlooking the area where the falls and mills were located. By 1810 Pleasant Street and High Street (originally called George Street) had been laid out, and the earliest Federal style houses, at 36 High Street (c. 1820) and 18-20 Pleasant Street (c. 1810), soon followed.
The mills were expanded in 1826 and again in 1855, bringing development in the residential area to provide housing for mill workers, and the location of the First Congregational Church (separately listed in 1978) at 30 Pleasant Street in 1832 cemented the area as the primary center of the town. After 1855 a number of Second Empire houses were built in the area, and scattered exemplars of other 19th century architectural styles followed. In 1890 mill owner David Nevins plotted out a subdivision of about 100 plots in the area of Gage and Stevens Streets, from which a number of Queen Anne, Shingle, Georgian Revival, and Colonial Revival properties (built between 1890 and 1910) survive. The principal public space in the district is the site of the American Civil War memorial, located in the triangular area where Pleasant and Charles Streets meet.

</doc>
<doc id="18749714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749714" title="International rankings of Costa Rica">
International rankings of Costa Rica

This is a list of key international rankings of Costa Rica

</doc>
<doc id="18749724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749724" title="Point Island">
Point Island

Point Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18749726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749726" title="Portland (shipwreck)">
Portland (shipwreck)

The Portland is a shipwreck lying 460 feet below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean near Gloucester, Massachusetts. The S.S. "Portland" was built by New England Shipbuilding Co. in 1889. The ship gained world fame when it brought the first miners out from the Klondike gold rush fields in Canada, arriving in Seattle, Washington on July 17, 1897 with over a ton of gold in its cargo, which ignited the 1897-98 gold rush. It sank in the Portland Gale of 1898 off of Cape Ann, killing all 192 people aboard. The shipwreck site was located in 1989 by John Fish and Arnold Carr of American Underwater Search and Survey. The find was confirmed in 2002 by a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration expedition that used ROV's to photograph the wreck. The wreck was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005. The site was visited by divers in 2008.
Divers explore The Portland wreckage.
In 2008, five Massachusetts scuba divers became the first to reach the steamship, also known as the "Titanic of New England". The divers spoke about their three successful dives 460 feet below the ocean's surface, relating that they found no human remains, however, they indicated that they did not explore below the deck because of the danger. Their dives were 10–15 minutes in length, used in exploring the site before returning to the surface. It was noted that the divers "were unable to retrieve artifacts" due to rules in place at Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary.
Purported site visit during WWII.
The wreck of the "Portland" was located, and reportedly visited, in the last week of June 1945. A dive commissioned by noted author Edward Rowe Snow (who is also known as the Lighthouse Santa) supposedly occurred during the last week of June through the first week of July during the last year of the war. Snow supposedly recorded the affidavit of diver Al George, from Malden, Massachusetts, in pages 178-180 of his book "Strange Tales from Nova Scotia to Cape Hatteras". According to the supposed affidavit, George found the site by traveling to a location discovered by Captain Charles G. Carver of Rockland, Maine. The site is roughly identified as follows: "Highland Light bears 175 degrees true at a distance of 4.5 miles; the Pilgrim Monument, 6.25 miles away has a bearing of 210 degrees; Race Point Coast Guard Station, bearing 255 degrees, is seven miles distant."
According to diver George, recovery of artifacts would be cost-prohibitive, and nearly impossible given the status of the wreck. Even acknowledging the likely presence of uncut diamonds in the purser's safe, George assessed the chances of recovery as a losing financial proposition, based in part on how deeply entrenched in the sand the wreck was, and how widely dispersed the impact with the bottom had spread bits and pieces of the ship.
As the site is located within the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary, the accuracy of the entire account is highly questionable.

</doc>
<doc id="18749727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749727" title="Silverthrone Glacier">
Silverthrone Glacier

The Silverthrone Glacier is a glacier at the northwest head of Knight Inlet in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18749732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749732" title="Ullco Colla">
Ullco Colla

Ullco Colla, the lord of Tumipampa was an Incan nobleman who suppored the cause of Huáscar in the Inca Civil War. He commanded forces resisting Atahualpa in the north, defecting to the side of the Huáscarans and the central government in Cuzco, but was killed fighting at Chimborazo. His city was seized by the north and was spared, however, as the royal tassel was surrendered to Atahualpa.

</doc>
<doc id="18749736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749736" title="Rea-Proctor Homestead">
Rea-Proctor Homestead

The Rea-Proctor Homestead is a historic First Period house at 180 Conant Road in Danvers, Massachusetts. It is notable not only for its age, but its association with a number of well-known individuals. The oldest part of the house was built c. 1692 by Joshua Rea, Sr., whose son, Joshua Jr., testified at the Salem witch trials on behalf of John Proctor. It remained in the Rea family until 1803, and from 1804 to 1806 it was owned by one of Massachusetts's leading statesmen, Timothy Pickering. The house was updated to a Federalist style by Isaac Rea, the last of that family to own the property. Pickering was a gentleman farmer, running agricultural experiments on the farm and taking detailed notes of his work. He helped found the Essex Agricultural Society, the first organization of its type. In 1812 the property was purchased by Daniel Proctor, and it has since remained in the hands of his descendants.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18749738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749738" title="Sugden family">
Sugden family

The Sugden family are a fictional family in the popular ITV soap opera "Emmerdale". They are a traditional, Christian family of farmers who originate from rural Yorkshire, the Sugden family have been farming in Yorkshire for generations and still do. The Sugdens have been the core family since the very first episode in 1972 and they still are but focus has also been shared with the Dingle family. Current Sugdens on the show include: Diane Sugden, Victoria Sugden, Andy Sugden, Sarah Sugden Jr. and Jack Sugden Jr.
Emmerdale Farm.
The Miffield estate was the biggest employer in the village of Beckindale, Emmerdale Farm was on the edge of the village and during the 1850s, the Crimean War was raging, during the war, Josh Sugden sacrificed his life to save Lord Miffield's son from death. Lord Miffield, out of gratitude for the great sacrifice, gave the Sugdens Emmerdale Farm which was a farm on the edge of Beckindale.
Josh Sugden's grandson was Joseph Sugden, who with his wife (Margaret) had a son, whom they called Jacob Sugden. Jacob married the daughter of farmer, Sam Pearson, she was called Annie Pearson and the two married in 1945 and one year later in 1946, Annie bore a son who they named John Sugden but who was called Jack for short. In 1948, Annie gave birth to a baby girl who went onto to be called Peggy Sugden, a year later Jacob got another son who they named Joseph Sugden and the family all lived and worked together at Emmerdale Farm in the farmhouse.
In 1964, when Jack was around the age of eighteen, he had a very heated argument with his father, Jacob. Jack wanted to get away from Beckindale and explore the outside world, Jack then left Beckindale for London, leaving the rest of the family to cope alone. Things became tough at Emmerdale, due to Jacob's continuing visits to the Woolpack drowning the hard money that the family had worked so hard for.
Death of a patriarch.
After Jack left, Jacob visited the Woolpack more regularly where he would often become drunk, Jack kept in contact with his family through letters and Peggy later married an orphaned farmer, Matt Skilbeck (in 1968) who also worked very hard on the farm. Jacob battled his addiction to alcohol for years but he was fighting a losing battle, as the farm was losing a lot of its profits due to Jacob using a lot of money on alcohol. In 1972, Jacob finally lost the battle with alcohol and died, leaving the farm in need of money. Jack returned but didn't attend the funeral, he looked over the farm and had a drink in the Woolpack whilst waiting for the family to return to the farm. Peggy greeted Jack with hostility when it was discovered that Jacob had left Jack everything, Annie was also slightly bitter with Jack but allowed him to stay on at the farm but Annie and Jack later formed a closer relationship.
Sibling rivalry.
The family were also curious about Jack's time in London and the amount of money he had, they eventually discovered that Jack had written a novel which had proved successful, at the same time Jack and Joe were both competing for the affections of Marian Wilks, Annie accused Marian of playing the two off against each other and eventually Jack formed a relationship with her, much to the annoyance of Marian's father, Henry Wilks who had had run ins with Jack in the past. However Henry did believe that Joe was the right man for Marian and after Joe was involved in a car crash, Marian tried to encourage Joe to learn more and study for exams, however Joe saw it as an opportunity to prove that he could be smarter than Jack but he eventually gave up on this and chased after Janie Harker, Ruth Merrick's younger sister.
While Jack and Marian had a relationship, Tom Merrick was employed at Emmerdale Farm, Tom however had discovered that Jack was the father of his supposed son John "Jackie." Tom had looked closely at photos of Jack and Jackie, they resembled each other as well as the fact that Ruth had named him John after Jack. When Matt complained that Merrick wasn't working very well, Jack confronted Tom who threatened to tell Marian of his secret. Jack sacked Merrick anyway and Tom did tell Marian but they stayed together and married.
Family problems.
With money being down, the family gathered together to discuss the future of the farm, they suggested selling the family farm which would result in the family going its separate ways. Annie told Jack that if he wasn't willing to run the farm then they would sell up, Annie would become a housekeeper and rent a cottage, Matt and Peggy would go to the city and Grandad would go to a senior citizen's home. Jack refused to allow this to happen and stated he would run the farm.
However, Peggy who had fallen pregnant was getting annoyed with Jack's attitude as a manager of the farm, Peggy had claimed that Jack had changed for the worse and insisted on her and Matt leaving to work in the city so they could live in their own home. Matt wanted to stay working on at the farm but Peggy was insistent.
Jack eventually bought an old mill after battling with Henry Wilks over the land and moved into it, he meanwhile divide the farm between himself, Annie, Joe, Peggy and Grandad. Grandad however didn't want the responsibility and sold his share to Henry Wilks for £500. Peggy was now satisfied and agreed to stay on at Emmerdale Farm.
Changes in the family.
In early 1973, Amos feared that the brewery wanted a husband and wife team to run the pub together, in fear, Amos cycled over to the farm and proposed to his close friend, Annie Sugden. Annie was amused but turned Amos' offer down. Later in the year Peggy gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl. Matt and Peggy named the babies Sam and Sally Skilbeck, they also converted a barn on the farm into a small cottage for them to live in near the family. However a huge tragedy was to strike the Sugden family in July, just three months after the twins were born, Peggy unexpectedly suffered a brain haemorrhage and died. The family were devastated and Matt sent the twins to live with his Aunt Beattie and her husband so that they could give the twins full-time care as Matt had to work on the farm. Peggy was buried next to her father, Jacob.
In early 1974, Jack and Marian Sugden decided to leave Beckindale, to write his second novel in Italy. Devastation would later occur for Matt again when the twins died along with his aunt when her car collided with a train. Joe fell in love with Christine Sharp and married her, Christine started to work on the farm but the hard life of farming stressed her out and she left Joe after just five weeks. Jack later came back in 1976, after suffering from writer's block, he came to visit Annie and the family after his divorce from Marian, after getting the boost he needed, he left for Italy to finish off his second novel.
In 1976, Joe formed a relationship with Kathy Gimbel, a local farm girl who like Joe had recently split from her spouse however their relationship got too complicated and they split up. Later on, Joe's estranged wife, Christine Sugden, returned and wanted to give their marriage another go but Joe insisted on having a divorce. Christine's dad, Robert Sharp wanted Christine to get half of Emmerdale farm in the divorce settlement but Henry Wilks suggested to Joe that if Sharp claimed half of the farm then Joe could claim half of his dairy farm. With this in mind Sharp did not claim any of the farm and the divorce went through. Meanwhile Grandad Sam proposed to his old flame Nellie Radcliffe who turned him down, claiming they were too old to marry. Sam later thought to keep Nellie in her cottage when NY estates tried to force her out. Joe and Kathy reconciled later in 1977 and moved into 3, Demdyke Row but Kathy's dad committed suicide after his wife and kids left him. Kathy felt guilty and depressed and left Joe again.
Matt meanwhile, had found love again in the form of Dolly Acaster in 1977, they eventually made plans to marry and did so in June 1978. Dolly later fell pregnant but misscaried in early 1980.
The 1980s.
Pat and Jack renewed their relationship and she and the Merricks moved into the farmhouse. In 1982, Pat and Jack married; the Sugden family was growing as finances for the family were improving. Joe left for France for a two-year period between 1984–1986 visiting every now and again. As for the Skilbeck branch of the family, Dolly gave birth to Samuel Skilbeck in December 1982. The following year, Sandie gave birth to a daughter but she gave it up for adoption in 1984 with the support from her gran, Annie and step-dad, Jack.
In 1986, Pat Ruth Sugden gave birth to Jack's second son by her; they named him Robert, however 4 months after, Pat died in a car crash.
The 1980s saw several tragedies for the Sugden family, with the deaths of Sam Pearson in 1984, Pat in 1986 and Jackie in 1989.
In 1988, Jackie married Kathy Bates who even after his death remained close to the Sugdens. The Hughes family moved into the farmhouse in 1989 after Kate Hughes and her children Rachel and Mark moved into Beckindale in 1988. The Hughes Family arrived which consisted of Kate and her children, Rachel and Mark, after some time Kate and Joe married.
In November 1989, "Emmerdale Farm" became "Emmerdale". The Tate family arrived at Home Farm at the same time.
The 1990s.
The late 1980s and early 1990s saw the departures of Sandie Merrick, Matt Skilbeck, Dolly Skilbeck, Samuel Skilbeck and Kate Sugden. These departures took place between 1989–1991.
The Sugdens were also supplanted by the Tates after 17 years 1972–1989 of being centre stage.
The Beckindale air disaster however threw the family back into the limelight when Jack became the hero of the hour but it also killed Joe's stepson, Mark and Annie's husband of 5 weeks; Leonard were killed in the disaster.
It also lead to some more departures throughout 1994–1995.
Joe Sugden pondered on the fanciful idea that the Sugden family had been cursed as he totted up the number of deaths in the family in the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. Shortly afterwards, he was killed in a car crash.
By 1997 the number of Sugdens had decreased whereas a decade earlier. There was not a family in the village that were not related either by step-family, blood or marriage to the Sugdens. In 1994 Jack and Sarah married and had a child; Victoria Anne Sugden and went on to adopt Andy Hopwood that same year Rachel Hughes went on to marry Chris Tate who was previously married to Kathy Merrick who was also married to Rachel's Step-cousin; Jackie Merrick.
By the late 90s farming was no longer the shows issue so the Sugdens were pushed further to the back burner while other families took over. The 90s ended on an unhappy note when Jack's stepniece Rachel was murdered by her lover Graham Clarke as the 00s would start on an unhappy note as well.
The 2000s.
In 2000, Jack and Sarah's marriage had hit the rocks, the family was short of money and the farm was failing. At this time Sarah had fallen in love with her lodger, Richie Carter, together they began an affair behind Jack's back. When Jack discovered he threw Sarah out of the house, Sarah later tried to get back with Jack. The effects of the separation had got to Andy, who saw the farm failing. Andy realised that he could burn down a barn, pretend it was an accident and then the family could claim it on the insurance. However when Andy set the barn a light, he didn't realise that Sarah was meeting Richie to talk. The barn burned, Richie made it out and Jack tried to save Sarah but he couldn't and Sarah was burned alive. Andy tried to put the experience behind him and formed a relationship with fellow student Katie Addyman.
November 2003 saw the arrival of Andy's halfbrother; Daz Eden and in 2005 Andy's lover Debbie Dingle gave birth to his daughter; Sarah Dingle, Robert left that same year and Katie came back in 2006 to reconcile with Andy.
In 2007 Andy started an affair with Jo Stiles which Katie later discovered, Andy later chose to be with Jo and divorced Katie. Around the same time Jack and Diane began to become distant due to Billy Hopwood returning to try to build a relationship with his sons. Jack resented Hopwood trying to interfere with his family when he tried to block Jack and Diane's application to adopt Daz. Jack and Andy doubted Hopwood had changed but Daz gave him a chance, Hopwood even managed to save Victoria's life when his lorry crashed into a lake with her inside. In all this time Diane showed sympathy for Billy and helped him rebuild his life, their feelings escalated and Billy wanted to start a relationship with her, Diane resisted but admitted she had feelings for him. Billy asked Diane to choose but she couldn't and fled to Brighton. Billy followed her there by stealing a car but he soon got arrested, after he was released, Billy and Diane discussed their feelings which was heard by Victoria who told Jack.
2010s.
As Andy has lost his farm it appears that the only farming that still exists in the family is Katie Sugden's stables at Home Farm, Although offscreen the Skilbecks run a farm in Norfolk which is apparently successful other than that for now The Sugden farming dynasty is well and truly over.
Revelations in the Family.
Jack beat Billy to the ground, Jack and the rest of the family shunned Diane and blamed her for what had happened to the family. However Billy later revealed to Victoria that Jack had killed her mother Sarah, Victoria investigated further and checked with her mum's ex-lover RIchie Carter who confirmed the story. In a rage, Victoria went back to Annie's Cottage and covered the furniture in petrol. Jack and Andy later returned and Victoria demanded the truth, Andy eventually admitted that he caused the barn fire that killed Sarah although he didn't mean it. Victoria tripped down the stairs and wounded her head, Jack went to the bathroom to wet a flannel, however this triggered an explosion which caused the cottage to go on fire. Andy and Victoria were trapped in her bedroom however Andy managed to get her out, Jack collapsed in the bathroom but Hopwood broke in and got Jack out.
Jack later decided to sell the cottage to a new couple in early 2008, with him and Victoria moving into Butler's Farm with Andy, Jo and Sarah. Jack was amused at Victoria's behaviour around the young new farmhand and continued to help Jo out at the farm when Andy was sent to prison. Jack was still hesitant to repair his marriage as he felt betrayed but was more pleasant with Diane. Jack later received word from Spain that Annie was very ill and he departed in late February to care for her (offscreen), entrusting Diane with the care of Victoria and the rest of the family. Jack stayed there all year and invited the family over to stay for Christmas and intended to recpncile with Diane however flights where unavailable.
Katie Sugden later agreed to be a surrogate for Grayson and Perdy Sinlair, the treatment was successful and she fell pregnant with Grayson's baby, as a result she moved in with them, however Perdy left Grayson for Matthew and Katie was left with Grayson. They both eventually started an affair and planned to keep the baby for themselves, Grayson eventually proposed to Katie who destroyed evidence incriminating Grayson for fraud. Eventually Katie was shocked to learn that Grayson had slept with Paul whern he was married to Perdy but Katie believed that Perdy was lying. However Katie discovered it was true and was hurt by Grayson's dishonesty, she eventually gave her baby to Perdy so Grayson wouldn't be able to go near the baby. Grayson was arrested after trying to shoot Katie and life continued.
Jack Sugden's Farewell.
In early 2009, Andy Sugden decided that he wanted to Sell Bulters Farm as he couldn't cope, his stepmother Diane urged him to re think the idea, however Andy was adamant on the idea. Diane and Andy later informed Victoria and Daz, Victoria was furious and told Andy that their dad Jack would fight to keep the farm if he were there, Andy said that if Jack cared so much about the farm than he would be there. Victoria ran off, upset and angry with Andy, Daz told her that she should go to see Jack in Spain as Diane wouldn't be able to stop her.
A phone call later came in at the Woolpack, it was from Spain. Jack had suffered a heart attack and had died in hospital that afternoon. When Victoria and Daz returned to the Woolpack, Diane broke the news of Jack's death, both were heartbroken at the loss of Jack and broke down in tears. The next day, Diane tried to keep busy by cleaning the Woolpack, she told Val that Andy isolated himself as it was his own way of coping with the grief. Meaniwhile, at Butler's Farm, Andy walked around the farm quietly but was offered condolences from Mick who stated that he was sorry about Jack as he was an old friend of his. He reminicsed about when Jack returned from Italy and how Jack knew the land better than anyone, Mick reasurred Andy that the farm was safe in his hands.
The news quickly spread around the village, the Dingles were shocked at the news and wanted Andy to break the news to Sarah of Jack's passing. Andy's ex-wife Katie Sugden later went to the farm and told Andy that he needed to arrange the funeral, Andy was still angry and asked her to leave. Katie returned to the Woolpack and informed Diane that Andy was not helping, Diane then packed and left for Spain asking Daz to look after Victoria. Diane also asked Val and Pollard to deal with the funeral arrangements. Val ordered Andy to step up and be the person who holds the family together during the difficult time. Diane Sugden later returned with her mother-in-law Annie with husband Jack's body.

</doc>
<doc id="18749745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749745" title="James Putnam, Jr. House">
James Putnam, Jr. House

The James Putnam Jr. House, built in 1715, is a historic house at 42 Summer Street in Danvers, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749756" title="Rockport Downtown Main Street Historic District">
Rockport Downtown Main Street Historic District

The Rockport Downtown Main Street Historic District encompasses part of the historic center of Rockport, Massachusetts. The district extends along Main Street, from its junction with Beech Street in the west to just east of its junction with School Street. The area is just west of Rockport's noted Bearskin Neck area. Most of the 28 properties in the district are commercial buildings; there are also three churches, a library, and a number of residences. Only a few of these properties front on the side streets adjacent to Main Street; all abut Main Street. The central focal point of the district is the First Congregational Church, built 1803, and the adjacent Federal style Jewett House, a pastor's residence built in 1806. Most of the commercial buildings are modest in scale (two or three stories), and are in a variety of building styles popular in the 19th century.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18749763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749763" title="Fullerton Boys">
Fullerton Boys

Fullerton Boys, commonly spelled Fullerton Boyz, is a group of gang-members mostly composed of Korean-American delinquents that lived in the city of Fullerton, California. Most of its members belonged to the LVM Gang, SZA (Sarzana) gang and some from the Wah Ching gang. These gang-members were known to also claim Fullerton Boyz against their rivals and as the gangs disbanded in Fullerton, most of them started to claim Fullerton Boyz as a gang.
History.
Fullerton Boyz was founded in 1996 by a group of Korean teens living in Fullerton, CA. Fullerton Boyz were not considering themselves as a gang but rather as a faction of two dominant Asian gangs in Fullerton which were the LVM Gang and Sarzana street gangs. This fraction also composed of members of the Wah Ching gang that were living in Fullerton at the time. In the mid 90's most of the LVM, Sarzana and Wah Ching gang members in Fullerton were arrested during an intense Police investigation of crime sprees that involved assaults on rival gang members and home invasions. With the fallout of LVM and Sarzana the former members started to claim Fullerton Boyz against their rivals. By the late 90's Fullerton Boyz membership started to grow and with it came criminal activities involving the group.
Activities.
Fullerton Boyz main rivals were the Garden Grove Boyz and Asian street gangs from the city of Garden Grove. The rivalry often resulted in assaults and gang brawls in each of these cities. Whoever was claiming either of these three cities were often assaulted by the other. The early 1990s was the golden age for Fullerton Boys until they started dying out. In 1993, members of Koreatown Mobsters "tagged" a car of a Fullerton Boys' member during a festival in Koreatown. In retaliation, members of Fullerton Boys agreed to meet at a park with the rivals. This caused to be deadly. It left an innocent bystander with a bullet in the chest and many of the older members were arrested. This proved to be a turning point for Fullerton Boys. With the lack of leadership and membership, they went on a hiatus. Koreatown Mobsters and its allies, Crazyies, soon went on a homicide spree which injured nearly(?) three Fullerton Boys members in a two-month period and killing one, most of them being done by shootings. In the same year, another rival gang called the Family Mobsters open(ed) fire at a restaurant parking lot. Their target was a member of the Fullerton Boys. No one was injured, but this caused another war for the Fullerton Boys. Family Mobsters and Garden Grove Boys teamed up to target Fullerton Boys. In 1994, members of the LVM Gang were arrested in a Home Invasion and in September, 2000, members of the Triad Boyz and the Fullerton Boyz were involved in a deadly shootout which left several injured and one dead from gunshot wounds. In the early 1990s, members of Wah Ching who were involved with Fullerton Boys were also shot by their main rivals, the Hankook Boyz. In the valley, members of the Sarzana gang were assaulted by Seoul Boyz and Akhro Pinoy, which left one victim dead.
Membership.
Over the years Fullerton Boys slowly died out, with only a few reckless children claiming a non-active gang. The older generations are currently spending time in the penitentiary and many are also dead due to shootings caused by other rival gangs.
Rivals.
Brea Boyz,
La Mirada Boyz,
Whittier Boys,
La Habra Boyz, and
Boyz and Girlz Club
References.
http://www.streetgangs.com/asian/fullerton.html
http://www.ocregister.com/ocregister/homepage/abox/article_1376946.php
http://www.streetgangs.com/topics/2006/120806year50.html

</doc>
<doc id="18749766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749766" title="Rockport High School">
Rockport High School

Rockport High School is the public high school of Rockport, Massachusetts. It is located at 24 Jerdens Lane.
History.
Rockport has had four different high school buildings. The first building was built in 1865 and now serves as the Rockport Community Center. The second building, located at 4 Broadway, was built in 1925, and served the school system in a variety of capacities until 1988. The high school was moved in the 1960s to the George Tarr School, a converted 1904 textile mill building adjacent to the 1925 building. The high school moved into the present facilities in 1988.
Both the 1865 building and the 1925 building are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (the former as "Old Rockport High School", the latter as "Rockport High School").
Today.
Rockport High School is located on 24 Jerdens Lane in Rockport, Massachusetts, it has approximately 350 students. The official mascot is a Viking, and its colors are silver and maroon. Rockport High School has a varsity Ice Hockey, baseball, basketball, soccer and softball teams for both girls and boys.Rockport High's superintendent is Robert Liebow.

</doc>
<doc id="18749773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749773" title="Rocks Village Historic District">
Rocks Village Historic District

The Rocks Village Historic District is a historic district in eastern Haverhill, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18749781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749781" title="Old Rockport High School">
Old Rockport High School

The Old Rockport High School, now the Rockport Community House, is a historic school building at 58 Broadway in Rockport, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame building was built in 1865, with Italianate styling, and served as the town's first public high school until 1926. Three years later it was reopened as a community center, a role it continues to fulfil today.
The main portion of the building is a rectangular block that is minimally styled in with nominally Italianate features, such as a gable end returns and corner trim. The front facade originally had two separate entrances (one for boys, one for girls), but these have been replaced by windows. There is a two story addition on the side of the building, and two further additions on the rear, all added in the 19th century. The main entrance to the building is now made through the side addition. The interior is dominated by decorative features that date to c. 1900. The first floor front classroom still contains a number of details from that time, including wooden floors, benches, and blackboards, although the latter have been covered over.
The building when first built was only a single story. Due to growing enrollment, the building was raised in 1869 and a new first floor built. In 1890 the school was again increased in size, adding the first of the rear additions to accommodate more students as well as labs for chemistry and physics, although adequate facilities for those classes were not added until 1908. The side addition was added in 1900 to provide a stairway, making additional room in the main part of the building. Continued overcrowding and issues with the age and inadequacy of its phyiscal plant led to the construction of a new high school in 1926.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18749784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749784" title="Helen Michaelis">
Helen Michaelis

Helen Michaelis (February 7, 1905, Junction, Texas USA - July 26, 1965, Kyle, Texas USA) was a key figure in the organization and development of the modern Quarter Horse. She was the secretary-treasurer of the American Quarter Horse Association (AQHA) from March 1942 to August 1946, and was the first woman inducted into the American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame.
Life and Family.
Helen Mary Hall, daughter of Fred S. Hall (1864–1946) and Florence Black (b1879), was born on a ranch in Kimble County, Texas. Her father, Fred S. Hall, had come to Texas from England to raise horses. Besides Helen, her parents had three boys, all younger than she. In 1917, the family moved to a better ranch in Concho County, Texas, near Eden.
Helen attended college at the University of Texas, and spent the summer of 1928 teaching riding at Camp Ekalela near Estes Park in Colorado. When she returned to Texas, she rounded up a string of horses she had raised and trained on the family ranch, and drove them from Eden to Austin. She first rented at the Western Field Riding Club, and later bought her own riding academy. In 1932, she married Max G Michaelis, Jr., sold her stables and most of her horses, and moved to Mexico with him. Helen stayed active in the livestock business after marrying Michaelis, and continued to raise and train horses in Mexico. They later moved back to the Michaelis Ranch in Kyle, Texas. Helen died July 26, 1965 at St. David's Hospital, Austin, TX, and is buried at Kyle Cemetery, Kyle, TX. 
American Quarter Horse Association.
As an expert on Texas horses, Helen was one of the founders of the American Quarter Horse Association (AQHA) in the mid 1930s. She met some initial resistance and prejudice as a woman in the livestock industry, but ultimately gained the respect of her peers. She was elected as a director of the AQHA in 1940, and held the position of secretary-treasurer from March 1942 to August 1946. Helen Michaelis was inducted into the American Quarter Horse Hall of Fame in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18749790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749790" title="Primrose Street Schoolhouse">
Primrose Street Schoolhouse

The Primrose Street Schoolhouse is a historic school building at 71 Primrose Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The two story brick building was designed by Haverhill architect Josiah Littlefield and built in 1868 to meet increased demand for schooling occasioned by an influx of French Canadian families, and served as a public school until the 1890s. It was sold by the city in 1909, at which time it was converted into a multifamily residence. The building's 20th century uses, in addition to housing, have included office space for social service agencies, and a day care center.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18749796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749796" title="Virophage">
Virophage

Virophages are satellite viruses that inhibit or impair the reproduction of the auxiliary virus. As any satellite virus, virophages depend on the coinfection of their host by another virus. Similarly to other satellite viruses, the virophage jeopardizes the reproduction of the auxiliary virus. Examples are the Sputnik virophage and the Organic Lake virophage.
Despite an increasing number of references regarding the "virophage" concept in the scientific literature, there is also some controversy about its definition as an independent group rather than being another example of satellite viruses 
Taxonomy.
The virophages have not yet classified into a genus or family. Known virophages include

</doc>
<doc id="18749798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749798" title="Tamera">
Tamera

Tamera is a peace research village with the goal of becoming "a self-sufficient, sustainable and duplicable communitarian model for nonviolent cooperation and cohabitation between humans, animals, nature, and Creation for a future of peace for all." It is also often called a "healing biotope". Literally translated, "biotope" simply means a place where life lives. In Tamera, however, "healing biotope" is also described as a "greenhouse of trust", "an acupuncture point of peace", and "a self-sufficient future community". It is located on in the Alentejo region of southwestern Portugal.
History.
Tamera was founded in 1995 by three Germans: Dieter Duhm (M.S. in Psychoanalysis, Ph.D. in Sociology), Sabine Lichtenfels (Theologian), and Rainer Ehrenpreis (M.S. in Physics). However, its history goes back to 1978 when these three left their professions and tried to create an interdisciplinary research center to find solutions to the ecological and technological problems the world was facing at that time. Very quickly they discovered that if their project had any chance of surviving, they first had to research the core human relationship questions that lay hidden under all issues and prevent real solutions – such as competition, greed, and jealousy. In 1983 they began a three-year “Social Experiment” with fifty participants in the Black Forest of Germany, and then further developed the results of this research into creating a functioning community in other projects throughout Europe, until they finally established Tamera in 1995.
Experimental research.
Currently, approximately 250 coworkers and students (including children) live and study in Tamera which operates as an experimental research center dedicated to discovering how human beings can live peacefully among themselves and with nature, and create a successful, working, and sustainable community. Tamera is also a “free lab” and an international meeting place where peace workers and specialists in various fields from many parts of the world share their expertise. In 2008 participants from more than twenty-five different countries lived, studied, worked, or visited there.
Theory.
The research in Tamera is based on a complex world view explained in detail in "The Sacred Matrix" by Dieter Duhm. One essential part of this theory is the “implicate order” of David Bohm. Another is the “morphic field" theory developed by Rupert Sheldrake, where only a few peace research villages worldwide of a large enough size and complexity in which peace is established in all its aspects are enough to create cultural healing on a global level. 
“What will determine the success of such peace projects is not how big and strong they are (compared to the existing apparatus of violence), but how comprehensive and complex they are, and how many elements of life they combine and unite in a positive way. When establishing new fields in evolution, it is not the law of the strongest, but the success of the more comprehensive that is the determining factor. Otherwise, no new developments could be made, for when they begin they are all small and inconspicuous." 
The political goal of Tamera and its cooperation partners worldwide is to create several such centers on earth, which they call “the plan of the healing biotopes.”
Projects.
Tamera serves as the headquarters for a number of different and independent projects that, when brought together properly, they believe can establish a new social model and a new culture of peace. They include the Global Campus, Monte Cerro Peace Education, the GRACE Foundation, the Institute for Global Peacework, Verlag Meiga Publishing Company, the Children’s Center, the Love School, the SolarVillage, the Permaculture Project, the Horse Project, and the Seminar and Guest Center.
The Global Campus.
The Global Campus is a worldwide educational initiative designed to offer knowledge in community development as well as the basic principles of decentralized energy supply, architecture, and ecology required to establish autonomous peace villages. Tamera is the home of the first phase of the Global Campus – the Monte Cerro Peace Education – and is cooperating with the San José de Apartadó Peace Village in Colombia and the Holy Land Trust [http://www.holylandtrust.org/ in Palestine to establish similar educational centers around the world.
Monte Cerro Peace Education.
“Monte Cerro Peace Education” is a three-year course of studies for a comprehensive understanding for the development of globally effective peace villages. More than one hundred students have enrolled since “Monte Cerro” opened on May 1, 2006, and in April 2009 the first class will graduate.
GRACE Foundation.
The GRACE Foundation was established in 2007, founded by Sabine Lichtenfels, to direct and attract money towards peace projects in an attempt to offset the large amounts of money now being directed into war and war industries. With the motto, "A peace village instead of a tank," the Foundation mainly finances peace actions and peace education which are connected to the power of grace.
“GRACE follows the realization that we can only create as much peace outside ourselves as we have created inside ourselves. GRACE reminds us that the healing of our planet can only succeed if humanity succeeds in connecting itself with the true basis of life and love, trust and truth; and humanity will only succeed if we personally succeed. GRACE embraces the commitment not to aggravate personal and political conflicts, but to create new possibilities for solutions.” 
The Institute for Global Peacework (IGP).
The Institute for Global Peacework is a network of peaceworkers and peace initiatives around the world who want to cooperate to create a nonviolent future. It coordinates all the different projects in Tamera and serves as the “base camp” for all external activities. It also hosts an annual “Summer University” that brings these different people and projects together in a “think tank.” 
Verlag Meiga Publishing Company.
Verlag Meiga publishes books, literature, and essential thoughts to disseminate the knowledge and experience of over thirty years of research into the development of the “plan of the healing biotopes.” Its main headquarters is in Germany, with a branch in Tamera.
The Children’s Center.
The basic principle of the work with children in Tamera is the “education of perception.” In addition to languages, math, biology, and geography, the main emphasis in learning is placed on studies in community development, art, cosmology, international networking, and how to be a spiritual being in the world.
The Love School.
One core tenet of the Tamera theory is that a nonviolent culture will essentially depend on whether we succeed in ending the war between the genders. Love without jealousy, sexuality without fear, faithfulness that is not broken when one loves and desires others, truth and longevity in love, and new pathways in partnerships are the focus of the “Love School.” 
“There cannot be peace between nations as long as there is war between man and woman.” 
The SolarVillage.
The “SolarVillage” is a test site in Tamera creating a model village that will be self-sufficient in energy and food production enough for fifty people. It can be built without any assistance from the big energy companies. Ecology, technology, architecture, and community are combined in a holistic pilot project designed and monitored by physicist and inventor Jürgen Kleinwächter. With the energy produced by a system of lenses within a greenhouse and stored in a hot oil system, round-the-clock cooking is available. Power and electricity can also be produced by means of sun-powered pulses of the low-temperature Stirling engine. Even in a hot climate, vegetables and other useful plants flourish and grow very well under light filtered by these lenses. 
The Permaculture Project.
Since Tamera was founded, an ecological team has made ponds and oases, and planted about 20,000 trees. Sepp Holzer, Austrian mountain farmer known throughout Europe as the “Agro-Rebel,” is cooperating with Tamera to build a sustainable “lakescape” in the dry Alentejo region of Portugal, surrounded by a self-sufficient edible landscape with trees, gardens, and wetlands.
The Horse Project.
The basis of working with horses in Tamera is to develop a new way of cooperation between human and horse, to promote inner growth, and to increase the ability to be in intimate contact with animals. The horses are ridden without bits or saddles, which requires trust and sensitive communication. The Horse Project is now expanding to offer first-aid treatment for sick, injured, or abused animals, and developing an Animal Sanctuary.
Seminar and Guest Center.
The Seminar and Guest Center offers visitors the possibility to get to know Tamera, its grounds, and its research activities. The Center includes the Tamera Guesthouse, visitor’s cabins and community tents, as well as the International Youth Cultural Center; and its activities include courses and seminars, Information Weeks, the Summer University, and Open Sundays.
Art and Music.
In many intensive courses and community encounters throughout the history of the Tamera project, art was discovered to be a creative principle of Creation and became an essential element for the inner development of community. In addition to painting, “art” in Tamera now includes music, theater, dance, landscape art, and artistic expression in language. For example, there is a Tamera Chorus as well as a small "a cappella" jazz group called the “MoonRiders.” 
Architecture.
Tamera has created experimental buildings as models for the construction of peace villages, designed by various architects such as Gernot Minke, professor of Clay Architecture at the University of Kassel, Germany. Designer Martin Pietsch of Tamera has developed “Shade Creations” which have been used not only in Tamera but in quite a number of light-roof pavilions in other locations.
The Great Hall in Tamera is a meeting place for up to 300 people. It is a wood-frame, straw bale, clay, and green roof construction. With its harmonic interior structure, it is the largest straw bale and clay building on the Iberian Peninsula. 
Spirituality.
In Tamera, spirituality and religion are not questions of some profession of faith or creed, but of a clear perception, openness, and connection with universal forces in daily life. The core community gathers together every morning and every afternoon in the “Political Ashram” to focus on attunement and connection through spiritual lectures. There is also a stone circle in Tamera made up of more than sixty monoliths, created and arranged by Sabine Lichtenfels in cooperation with Marko Pogacnik and Peter Frank, that serves as a place of meditation and power.
Further reading.
Books translated into English:
Dieter Duhm: "Future Without War: Theory of Global Healing." (2007) Verlag Meiga
ISBN 978-3-927266-24-7
Dieter Duhm: "The Sacred Matrix: From the Matrix of Violence to the Matrix of Life; Foundation of a New Civilization." (2005) Verlag Meiga ISBN 978-3-927266-16-2
Sabine Lichtenfels: "GRACE: Pilgrimage for a Future without War." (2007) Verlag Meiga
ISBN 978-3-927266-25-4
Sabine Lichtenfels: "Sources of Love and Peace." (2004) ISBN 978-3-927266-11-7

</doc>
<doc id="18749799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749799" title="John Proctor House (Peabody, Massachusetts)">
John Proctor House (Peabody, Massachusetts)

The John Proctor House is a historic First Period house at 348 Lowell Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. According to local tradition, this wood frame house was occupied by John Proctor, who was convicted and hanged for witchcraft in the 1692 Salem witch trials. However, stylistic analysis of house's construction suggests it was more likely built c. 1700 by Proctor's son Thorndike, who bought the property from Charles Downing around that time. The house remained in the Proctor family into the mid 19th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749809" title="Hubbard L. Hart">
Hubbard L. Hart

Hubbard L. Hart (May 4, 1827 - December 12, 1895) was an American entrepreneur who ran the most prominent steamboat line in Florida. He augmented his business with hotels, orange groves and lumber mills, and is noted for helping the state develop as a tourist destination.
Mail carrier.
Hart was born in Guilford, Vermont. He was married to Mary Adams of Cavendish, Vermont until her death in 1880. He then married Cecilia Thompson of Boston, Massachusetts in 1884. At the age of 21, he moved to Savannah, Georgia, and then later Darien, Georgia. He finally moved to Palatka, Florida in 1855. In July of that year, he got a contract as a mail carrier for a route from Ocala to Tampa, even though there was danger of Seminole Indian attacks. This mail route took him by the emerging village at Silver Springs, and this gave him an idea—he recognized the region's natural beauty and climate as a vacation draw for northerners, weary of cold, bleak winters.
Steamboat and lumber executive.
In 1860, at 33 years old, Hart bought the paddle-wheel steamer, "James Burt." He used the boat to transport people and supplies between Palatka and Silver Springs. The tourist route lasted 2-days, and went down the Ocklawaha River from Palatka to Silver Springs and back. The roads at the time were very poor, but boat transport was faster and safer. "James Burt" was also used to move lumber from Hart’s new cypress lumbering enterprise. His new business, the Hart Line, needed to clear the wood and debris from the Ocklawaha.
Confederate patronage.
At the start of the Civil War, the Hart Line needed to adapt or die. Due to no tourism during the war, Hart decided to use his steamers to transport supplies for the Confederate States. He helped with blockade running, which was done by transporting supplies up the center of the state through a series of land and river routes. During the Civil War, he made a total of CSA$11,000, which he managed to turn into material assets by the end of the war to avoid losing everything in the collapsing government. Near the end of the war, the Confederates saw the strategic value of the Ocklawaha River and hired Hart to clear it of all debris and navigation hazards for a price of CSA$4500. He did not get a chance to finish before the rebellion was over.
Hart left the war with the title of colonel. He was cleared of any wartime crimes and allowed to resume his tourist industry. He used his boats to transport Union men and supplies in the winter of 1865-66, proving his allegiance to the federal government.
Tourism boom.
His business grew. He eventually had to design a new type of boat to navigate the narrow river, filled with obstacles that would sink most rear-paddle boats. Hubbard Hart invented the first inboard-paddle boat in 1866, launching the "Griffin." This new design of boat was featured in the 1892 Chicago World's Fair. In the following three years, Hart Lines also added the "Ocklawaha" and "Pansoffkee" to the fleet. The "James Burt" had been sunk in the Civil War, and the "Silver Springs" was decommissioned with the new boats. While the new boats were described as ugly, trips on them received nothing but positive reviews. Harriet Beecher Stowe, who was first afraid to board the boats, wrote nothing but praise for the Hart Line. Attractions along the way included touring Hart’s world famous orange groves (which even allowed guests to pick some fruit), shooting wildlife (including alligators), admiring the rustic Florida beauty, and swimming in Silver Springs.
The Hart Line's success continued until a gradual downturn in business began in 1889. Freight business had been absorbed by railroads, leaving the competing steamboat lines dependent on tourists for revenue. Nevertheless, through hard work and dedication, Hart managed to keep the fleet running. His strategies included building luxury hotels along the way, renovating the boats to have bigger cabins, and offering cruises down different rivers, including the Indian River in 1883. He suffered a setback when his hotel, the Putnam House, burned down in the Palatka Fire of 1884, after being open only a short time.
In 1895, Hubbard Hart died as a result of a fall from a trolley car in Atlanta, Georgia, where he was attending a business meeting. Hart Lines was taken over by his brother-in-law and remained operating into the 1920s, when automobile travel rendered it obsolete.

</doc>
<doc id="18749811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749811" title="White-Ellery House">
White-Ellery House

The White-Ellery House is a historic house located at 247 Washington Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It is on the National Register of Historic Places. It is owned and operated by the Cape Ann Museum, whose headquarters is located at 27 Pleasant Street in Gloucester.
History.
The White-Ellery House was erected in 1710 upon what was then the Town Green of Gloucester. It was built at the edge of a marsh for Gloucester's first settled minister, the Reverend John White (1677–1760). In keeping with White's esteemed position in the community, the House exhibits a certain elegance and refinement, perhaps best reflected in the surviving interior details. 
In 1735, the house was purchased by James Stevens and kept as a tavern, sometimes serving as a meeting place for the town's selectmen. In 1740, Captain William Ellery (1693–1771) took title to the property. Ellery, who was almost 50 years old, had just married for the second time and after keeping the tavern in operation for a few years, used the house as a home for his growing family. 
Over the next 200 years, six generations of the Ellery family lived in the house. At the most basic level, the house tells the story of an ordinary, middle-class New England family who worked hard to provide for themselves and to raise their children, who witnessed and often took part in events of local and national importance, and who sought to preserve their legacy in the face of an ever changing world. At a broader level, the house serves as a rare and thought-provoking venue for students of all ages to explore the evolution of New England architecture and to better understand how changing tastes and housing needs affected one particular structure.
The structure remained in its original location until 1947 when it was moved approximately 100 yards to make room for Route 128. Although the center of Gloucester long ago moved from the Town Green to the Harbor Village, the site remains the entrance to Gloucester and an important historical site.
Architecture.
The White-Ellery House is one of just a few First Period (c. 1620-1725) houses in eastern Massachusetts that survives intact to this day. It is a 2 ½ story "saltbox" structure with a massive central chimney that once serviced six fireplaces. The building has vertical plank frame construction with an integral lean-to roof. There is a framed overhang on the front façade and rare examples of raised-field paneled doors between rooms on the first floor. The Renaissance-inspired architectural features illustrate the transition from European building traditions to early American ones. Inside there are several examples of early decorative detail, including three different examples of painted wall decoration, elaborate chamfering (decorative plane work) on ceiling beams and one of the most highly developed front staircases of the period in eastern Massachusetts.
Tourism.
The structure of the house has remained relatively unchanged throughout its 300 year history. Due to the recent initiative of the Cape Ann Museum, efforts have been made to restore the building and open it to the public. The White-Ellery house offers a chance for members of the Gloucester community and visitors to Cape Ann to learn about the history of the area. The building is a source of pride to the city that is now being shared with the public the first Saturdays of the summer months when local artists will display one-day installations (schedule below).
The house is located at 247 Washington Street at the corner of Poplar Street, Gloucester. Parking is available behind the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18749821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749821" title="West Parish Center District">
West Parish Center District

The West Parish Center District encompasses the social and religious center of the part of Andover, Massachusetts, that is located west of the Shawsheen River. It is mostly spread along Lowell Street (Massachusetts Route 133) on either side of a major intersection with four other roads: Shawsheen Road, Reservation Road, Deacon Street, and High Plain Road. The centerpiece of the district is the 1826 West Parish Church, which is the oldest church standing in Andover. It is an elegant Federalist style granite structure topped with a wooden steeple, added in 1863. The roof is made of Spanish tile, which was probably part of changes made around 1908.
In addition to the church, the district includes the adjacent cemetery and common, and a number of houses along Lowell and the nearby streets. Most of them were built between 1780 and 1830, and are in Federalist or Greek Revival styles. One notable exception is 202 Shawsheen Road, which is a fine Queen Anne style Victorian.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18749823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749823" title="Tuan Burhanudeen Jayah">
Tuan Burhanudeen Jayah

T.B. Jayah (1 January 1890 – 31 May 1960), full name Tuan Burhanuddin Jayah, was a Sri Lankan educationalist, politician, diplomat and Muslim community leader. He started his career as a school teacher and retired after serving 27 years as the principal of Zahira College, Colombo. Under his stewardship, Zahira College became one of the leading schools in the country.
Jayah emerged as a leader of the Muslim community of the country. He entered the politics and became a prominent figure in pre-independence politics of Sri Lanka. He was elected to the legislative council, state council and parliament. He was also a founding member of the United National Party. He became the minister of Labour and Social Service of the first independent government of Sri Lanka. After retiring form politics, Jayah was appointed as the first high commissioner for Ceylon in Pakistan. He died in 1960, falling ill on pilgrimage to Mecca.
Early life.
T.B. Jayah was born in Galagedara on 1 January 1890, as the son of Nona and Cassim Jayah. Jayah family belonged to Malay ethnic minority group in Sri Lanka. Cassim Jayah was employed in the police department as a sergeant.
Early Education.
When Jayah was little, his family moved to Kurunegala owing to his father's transfer. He attended his first schooling at Anglo-Vernacular School in Kurunegala. During this period, he also received his Quranic Education under the tutelage of Noordeen Alim and Omarlebbe. Cassim was once again transferred, this time to Colombo. Young Jayah attended to St. Paul’s College, Modera, where he received most of his primary education. It is interesting to note that he had to be enrolled to Grade 1 at the age of ten. However, the young student was found to be so brilliant that he was awarded a treble promotion from Grade 1 to Grade 4 and once again a double promotion to Grade 6 in the following year. In 1904, he obtained a scholarship to St. Thomas College, Modera for his secondary education. He passed Cambridge Junior and Cambridge Senior examinations with merits.
School Teacher.
Jayah passed London Matriculation and Inter Arts Examinations which helped him to become a school teacher. He obtained his first appointment for Dharmaraja College, Kandy in January 1910. His first monthly salary was Rs. 40. After a short term at Dharmaraja College, he shifted to Prince of Wales College, Moratuwa in May 1910.
In 1917, he shifted to Ananda College, Colombo after accepting an invitation from P.D.S. Kularatne, who was the principal at that time. Jayah mainly taught History and Classics at school. At Ananda college he taught some students who became leading Marxist politicians of the country several years later: Philip Gunawardena, Robert Gunawardena, Dr. S. A. Wickramasinghe and Dr. N. M. Perera.
While being a teacher, he continued his academic pursuit and obtained a degree in Classics from the University of London. Then he enrolled at Law College to become a lawyer.
Zahira College.
While studying in the final year in the Law College, in 1921, Jayah assumed duties as the principal of Zahira College, Colombo, accepting an invitation by the local Muslim community. The actual invitation was made by N H M Abdul Cader, on behalf of the Maradana Mosque Committee. Jayah gave up his future career as a lawyer and decided to remain in the education sector, where he seemed to believe that he can make a valuable contribution to his community.
When Jayah assumed duties, Zahira College was in a poor state with few students and teachers, lack of buildings to house class rooms, lack of furniture, and surroundings that were not suitable for a school. Jayah made some significant achievements during his tenure as the principal. He started the classes up to Matriculation level; increased the number of teachers from 6 to 30; expanded the sport facilities; opened a science library, a canteen, a hostel, a dental clinic and a free night school. (The night school he opened up is considered as the first of its kind in the country.) Also, he started funds such as "College Extension Fund" to develop infrastructure such as buildings. The number of students climbed up from 59 to over 1000 within four years.
Jayah served 27 years as the principal of Zahira college until his retirement in 1948. Jayah's tenure as the principal is generally considered as the golden age of the Zahira College. During this era, the school produced some prominent figures at national level.
Branches.
Jayah was instrumental in opening up several branches of Zahira College. In 1942, the first branch was opened in Aluthgama, followed by the Gampola branch in 1944. Three other branches were opened in 1945 in Matale, Puttalam and Slave Island.
Muslim Leadership.
Jayah gradually emerged as a leader of the Muslim community of the country. After the demise of N H M Abdul Cader, Jayah was appointed as the president of All Ceylon Muslim League. He continued as the president until 1950.
Political career.
Legislative Council.
In 1924, for the first time in the history, an election was held to select members for the Legislative Council from Mohammedan (Muslim) electorate. The Mohammedan electorate was an island-wide communal electorate which represented the Muslim community of the whole country. However, only a limited number of citizens had the voting rights during this time period. Jayah was elected for the Legislative Council along with two others from this electorate.
State Council.
In 1931, after the Donoughmore Constitution, all adult citizens of the country were granted voting rights to elect members for the State Council. Jayah contested for theColombo Central electorate, but was defeated by a prominent politician, the Ceylon Labour Party leader, A.E. Goonesinha. He was again defeated by the same opponent in 1936 election. However, despite his defeat, he was nominated to the state council, in 1936, and he continued as a member until 1947.
In the state council, Jayah was selected to the executive committee of education. This gave him a wide scope to advance Muslim education in the country. He, along with his fellow Muslim state council member Sir Razik Fareed, established many Muslim schools around the island. Also, Jayah fought for the rights of the school teachers. He was largely responsible for establishing the pension scheme for school teachers.
In the state council, Jayah and other state council members, who were from ethnic groups other than Sinhala, formed a "minority group". They were particularly concerned about the rights of Tamil and Muslim people of the country. However, the "fifty-fifty" campaign carried out by one Tamil state council member G.G.Ponnambalam, was not supported by all of the members in this minority group.
United National Party.
Jayah was instrumental in founding the United National Party. In the inaugural meeting held at  Palmcourt, Albert Crescent, Colombo on 6 September 1946, Jayah seconded the proposal made by S. Natesan to unite several political fronts as a single party. The party was formed by uniting the National Congress, the Sinhala Maha Sabha, the All Ceylon Muslim League which was under the leadership of Jayah, the Moors Association which was under the leadership of Sir Razik Fareed, and some individual members of the Tamil and Burgher communities. Jayah was elected as one of five vice-chairmans of the party in this inaugural meeting.
Parliament and Cabinet.
In 1947 parliamentary election, the Colombo Central electorate was made a multi-member electorate in order to get a balanced representation of the several communities that exist in the electorate. A.E. Goonesinha obtained 23,470 votes and was elected as the first member. Jayah was elected as the second member obtaining 18,439 votes.
Jayah was also selected for the first cabinet of the independent Ceylon, which consisted of only 14 members. He was appointed as the minister of Labour and Social Service.
In 1950, Jayah resigned from the house of representatives and from his post as the cabinet minister to assume duties as the first high commissioner to Pakistan. He served seven years in this post.
Death.
Jayah died in 1960, falling ill on pilgrimage to Mecca in Medina.

</doc>
<doc id="18749824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749824" title="Sir Alexander Bannerman, 11th Baronet">
Sir Alexander Bannerman, 11th Baronet

Major Sir Alexander Bannerman, 11th Baronet (16 December 1871 – 10 March 1934) was a pioneer British military aviator.
Bannerman was born in Brackley in Northamptonshire and educated at Wellington College. He succeeded to the title of 11th Baronet Bannerman, of Elsick in Kincardineshire on the death of his father the 10th Baronet on 2 December 1901.
Bannerman served in the Royal Engineers, seeing active service in the Second Boer War, and was mentioned in Lord Roberts' despatches. He was promoted to captain on 26 October 1900.
After the war he returned to England only to depart again in 1903 on a special mission to Japan on behalf of the War Office. At the start of 1908 Bannerman was sent to the War Office to work as a general staff officer (third class).
In October 1910, Bannerman left the War Office in order to replace Colonel J E Capper as the officer commanding the British Army's School of Ballooning. In April 1911, when the School of Ballooning was reorganized to become the Air Battalion, Bannerman served as its commandant. Just before the Air Battalion became the Royal Flying Corps, Bannerman took flying lessons in order to gain his Royal Aero Club certificate. He retired from Royal Engineers and Royal Flying Corps service on 28 August 1912.
He died on 10 March 1934 at the age of 62 in George in the Cape Province, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18749825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749825" title="Kenji Narisako">
Kenji Narisako

He won the bronze medal at the 2001 World Youth Championships, and the gold medals at the 2005 Summer Universiade and the 2006 Asian Games. He also competed at the World Championships in 2005 and 2007 and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 47.93 seconds, achieved in May 2006 in Osaka.

</doc>
<doc id="18749829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749829" title="Gan County">
Gan County

Gan County or Ganxian (Chinese: 赣县) is a county in the municipal region of Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province. 
Administration.
Gan County has an area of 2993 km2. The county executive, legislature and judiciary are at Meilin Town (梅林镇), just upriver from the prefectural seat, together with the CPC and PSB branches. These organs oversee 19 towns & townships.

</doc>
<doc id="18749836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749836" title="West Cogswell House">
West Cogswell House

The West Cogswell House is a historic house at 5-9 Summer Street in Salem, Massachusetts. It is an example of the Greek Revival style of architecture that was common in 19th century Salem.
The house is a group of three brick Greek Revival rowhouses that were built in 1834 by Nathaniel West, one of Salem's leading sea captains and merchants. Each building is three window bays wide, with a recessed side entry framed by a wooden portico; the right two unit entries are adjacent, and sheltered by a single portico. The buildings were at one time the home of American Civil War general, and later Mayor of Salem William Cogswell.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is now operated as a hotel called the Salem Inn, which also owns the nearby John P. Peabody House.

</doc>
<doc id="18749849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749849" title="Totenpass">
Totenpass

Totenpass (plural "Totenpässe") is a German term sometimes used for inscribed tablets or metal leaves found in burials primarily of those presumed to be initiates into Orphic, Dionysiac, and some ancient Egyptian and Semitic religions. The term may be understood in English as a “passport for the dead.” The so-called Orphic gold tablets are perhaps the best-known example.
"Totenpässe" are placed on or near the body as a phylactery, or rolled and inserted into a capsule often worn around the neck as an amulet. The inscription instructs the initiate on how to navigate the afterlife, including directions for avoiding hazards in the landscape of the dead and formulaic responses to the underworld judges.
Examples.
The Getty Museum owns an outstanding example of a 4th-century B.C. Orphic prayer sheet from Thessaly, a gold-leaf rectangle measuring about 1 by 1½ inches (2.54 by 3.81 cm). The burial site of a woman also in Thessaly and dating to the late 4th century B.C. yielded a pair of "Totenpässe" in the form of "lamellae" (Latin, “thin metal sheets,” singular "lamella"). Although the term “leaf” to describe metal foil is a modern metaphorical usage, these "lamellae" were in this case cut in the shape of cordate leaves probably meant to represent ivy; most "Totenpässe" of this type are rectangular.
The Greek lettering is not inscribed in regular lines as it is on the rectangular tablets, but rambles to fit the shape. The leaves are paper-thin and small, one measuring 40 by 31 mm (about 1½ by 1¼ inches) and the other 35 by 30 mm. They had been arranged symmetrically on the woman's chest, with her lips sealed by a gold "danake", or "Charon's obol," the coin that pays the ferryman of the dead for passage; this particular coin depicted the head of a Gorgon. Also placed in the tomb was a terracotta figurine of a maenad, one of the ecstatic women in the retinue of Dionysus.
Although the meandering and fragile text poses difficulties, the inscriptions appear to speak of the unity of life and death and of rebirth, possibly in divine form. The deceased is supposed to stand before Persephone, Queen of the Dead, and assert that “I have been released by Bacchios himself.”
Interpretation.
Günther Zuntz made the most complete survey of gold tablets discovered up to 1971 (at Thurii, Crete, and elsewhere), categorizing them into three groups that have become the typological standard. Zuntz presented transcribed text coupled with a reconstruction, and interpreted their religious foundation as Pythagorean rather than Orphic. Philologist Richard Janko proposed that Group B from Zuntz's collection derived from a single archetype, for which he offered a hypothetical Greek text and the following English translation while attempting, he emphasized, not to rely on preconceptions about underlying theology:
The most widely available source that discusses the Orphic gold tablets is the classic (if superseded in some aspects) "Orpheus and Greek Religion" by W.K.C. Guthrie. Since the 1990s, the usefulness of the term "Orphic" has been questioned by scholars, as has the unity of religious belief underlying the gold tablets. More recently the association of the tablets with Orphism has been defended.
"Totenpässe" have also been found in tombs from Palestine dating from the 2nd century B.C. and later. These tiny gold sheets employ a formulaic consolation that appears regularly on funerary steles in the area: , (here the name of the deceased is inserted), (“Take courage, , no one is immortal).” In one instance, the inscribed tablet was shaped like a funerary headband, with holes to bind it around the forehead.

</doc>
<doc id="18749857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749857" title="Wenham Historic District">
Wenham Historic District

The Wenham Historic District is a predominantly rural and residential historic district in Wenham, Massachusetts. It encompasses the full length of Main Street (Massachusetts Route 1A) between the Beverly and Hamilton lines, a stretch of one of the original post roads which is known to have elements of its present alignment as early as 1710. The architecture along the route is predominantly residential, principally excepting the cluster of municipal and religious buildings in the town center. Most of the buildings in the district were built in the 18th and 19th centuries.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18749864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749864" title="Wang Dan (swimmer)">
Wang Dan (swimmer)

Wang Dan (born January 16, 1984 in Henan) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18749870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749870" title="Jon Jones (fighter)">
Jon Jones (fighter)

Jonathan Dwight "Jon" Jones (born July 19, 1987), is an American mixed martial artist signed with the Ultimate Fighting Championship, where he is the UFC Light Heavyweight Champion. When he won the title in March 2011, he became the youngest champion in UFC history. As of December 2012, he was ranked as the #1 light heavyweight fighter in the world by various media outlets. He was also ranked the #1 pound for pound fighter in the world by multiple publications. As of January 17, 2014, he is #1 in official UFC pound-for-pound rankings.
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Before beginning his MMA career, Jones was a stand-out high school wrestler and state champion at Union-Endicott High School in upstate New York. He also played football as a defensive lineman, but due to his slight frame, his coach nicknamed him 'Bones'. He won a national JUCO championship at Iowa Central Community College. After transferring to Morrisville State College he decided to drop out of college where he was studying Criminal Justice, to begin his MMA career.
Jones made his professional MMA debut in April 2008. He amassed an undefeated record of 6-0 over a period of three months, finishing all of his opponents. This brought him to the attention of the UFC, who asked him to take a fight as a late replacement on a two week notice in July 2008.
In his last bout before signing with the UFC, Jones defeated Moyses Gabin at BCX 5 for the USKBA Light Heavyweight Championship. He won the fight via TKO in the second round.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Jones's UFC debut came against Andre Gusmão at UFC 87 on August 9, 2008. Jones took the fight on two weeks notice as a late replacement for Tomasz Drwal. He put on an impressive performance using takedowns and displaying unorthodox striking, such as spinning elbows and a spinning back kick. Jones took a unanimous decision victory.
In his second fight, Jones fought veteran Stephan Bonnar at UFC 94 on January 31, 2009. Jones showed superior wrestling abilities and executed strong takedowns and powerful throws including a suplex. Again showing unorthodox striking as he had in his debut, Jones secured one of Bonnar's legs and landed a back-elbow that nearly knocked out his opponent during the first round. Although he appeared to tire in the third round, Jones held on to win another unanimous decision victory.
Jones' third fight was against Jake O'Brien at UFC 100 on July 11, 2009. Jones controlled the majority of the fight by stuffing takedown attempts from his opponent. Jones stayed on the outside, exercising his reach advantage and finding his range toward the end of the first round with his right jab and high and low kicks. Halfway through the second round, Jones ducked and spun to deliver another one of his signature back-elbows that struck the top of O'Brien's head. Jones eventually secured a modified guillotine choke which rendered his opponent briefly unconscious just after he tapped.
In September 2009, Jones was rewarded for his victories by signing a new four-fight contract with the UFC.
On December 5, 2009, Jones faced off against fellow light heavyweight prospect Matt Hamill at . Despite dominating the fight, Jones was disqualified for the use of multiple 12-6 elbows. The Unified Rules of Mixed Martial Arts prohibit downward elbow strikes, and Jones was initially only penalized a point from the round. However, because Hamill could not continue due to a dislocated shoulder, Jones was disqualified for these strikes. Consequently, the tape was reviewed and showed that Jones' elbows further damaged Hamill's already bloody and lacerated nose. This marked the first time that Nevada has used its recently enacted instant replay rule, in which the referee's decision was supported by the commission which utilized a slow motion replay to review the elbows.
Jones fought Brandon Vera on March 21, 2010, at . He won the fight by TKO (elbow) caused by an elbow to Vera's face followed up with punches in the first round. The elbow delivered to stop the fight also broke Vera's face in three places. Jones also won the "Knockout of the Night" award.
Jones defeated former IFL Light Heavyweight Champion Vladimir Matyushenko by TKO due to elbows in 1:52 of the first round on August 1, 2010, at . UFC President Dana White promised Jones a "huge step-up in the competition", if he managed to defeat Matyushenko.
Following the fight with Matyushenko, UFC President Dana White said, "Vladimir Matyushenko is a guy who I have a lot of respect for and I didn't think it was going to happen that easy. Jones is the real deal and he just catapulted himself tonight into the top eight in the world. Tonight solidified it. To go in and do what he did to Vladimir Matyushenko, and make it look as easy as he did tonight, it cements it for me. This kid is one of the top eight in the world in that weight division. He's got to keep his head together, stay focused and keep doing all the right things in training. He's smart, good looking and bad-ass. He's going to make a lot of money -- this kid is going to do very well. Right now in the 205-pound division, all these guys are fighting each other. When the smoke clears and the dust settles, Jon Jones will fight one of the top eight guys in the world for his next fight."
After defeating Matyushenko, Jones stated that he wanted a "top-three opponent" for his next fight.
Jones mentioned in an interview with "Inside MMA" that he would be facing the winner of Antônio Rogério Nogueira vs. Ryan Bader. Reports that Jones had previously been offered a fight with Nogueira, but turned down the opportunity turned out to be false. In the "Inside MMA" interview Jones also stated he had been informed by Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta that if he finished his next two fights, he would likely receive a title shot.
Dana White soon confirmed that Jones would face undefeated "Ultimate Fighter" winner Ryan Bader, on February 5, 2011, at UFC 126. Jones went on to hand Bader his first professional loss by defeating him via tapout due to a guillotine choke in the second round after dominating Bader in the first round. Jones was awarded the "Submission of the Night" bonus.
Following Jones' victory over Bader, it was revealed that title contender and Jones' training partner Rashad Evans had sustained a knee injury in training, and would not be able to compete in his scheduled match with UFC light heavyweight champion Mauricio "Shogun" Rua. Jones was told by Joe Rogan right after his bout had ended that he would replace Evans in the fight for the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship.
Light Heavyweight Championship.
At UFC 128, Jones defeated Rua by TKO at 2:37 of round 3 to become the youngest UFC champion ever. After an early flying knee that badly hurt the champion, Shogun was dominated throughout the three rounds. A body shot and knee to the head dropped the champion to his knees, causing the referee to swiftly step in and halt the bout just as Shogun tapped to strikes.
His first title defense was expected to be on August 6, 2011, at UFC 133 against Rashad Evans, his former friend and teammate, but Jones was sidelined with a hand injury. It was initially announced that the hand injury would require surgery, but Jones opted for rest and rehabilitation without surgery after further consultations with doctors. Jones's injury was originally thought to keep him out of action until late 2011, but he instead made his first title defense against Quinton Jackson on September 24, 2011, at UFC 135. Jones defeated Jackson via submission (rear-naked choke) at 1:14 in the 4th round. In the process, he became the first UFC fighter to submit Jackson. Jones has described this as his favourite fight.
Jones vs Evans was in the works for a second time and a bout was targeted for December 10, 2011, at UFC 140. However, a lingering thumb injury cost another title opportunity for Evans, and Jones instead faced Lyoto Machida at the same event.
Jones successfully defended the light heavyweight title at UFC 140, stopping Machida at 4:26 of the second round via technical submission (guillotine choke), which caused Machida to collapse unconscious along the cage. This was the first submission loss in Machida's career.
Jones defeated his arch rival and former teammate Rashad Evans via unanimous decision (49-46, 49-46, 50-45) on April 21, 2012, at UFC 145.
During the UFC 145 post fight press conference Dana White confirmed that Jones's next opponent would be Dan Henderson. The Jones-Henderson fight was expected to take place at UFC 151, but an injured Henderson pulled out of the bout, Jones then refused a late replacement fight with Chael Sonnen after his coach Greg Jackson told him with three training days left it would be difficult to prepare. UFC 151 was then subsequently cancelled. It was later reported that Henderson was injured three weeks prior to the announcement but kept the injury under wraps as he was still hoping to compete. However he was ultimately forced to withdraw following a final sparring session to evaluate his condition.
A rematch with Lyoto Machida was then announced for September 22, 2012, at UFC 152, Lyoto Machida who was not contacted prior to the announcement, rejected the fight due to the lack of time to train before the bout. Jones instead defended the championship against Vitor Belfort on September 22, 2012, at UFC 152. Jones opened as a massive favorite (13-to-1) coming into the bout. Despite almost being submitted via armbar in round one, Jones successfully defended the belt against the Brazilian Belfort, and equaled Chuck Liddell's number of title defenses. Jones also won a $65,000 "Submission of the Night" bonus for his fourth-round keylock on Belfort.
Jones was chosen to coach opposite Chael Sonnen on . With a bout between the coaches taking place on April 27, 2013, at UFC 159. 
Jones displayed a lack of interest in the bout and actively downplayed the contest, making it clear that he did not believe Sonnen was a fit contender. In an interview Sonnen did his best to drum up interest in the bout but Jones gave him the "silent treatment", and refused to make eye contact. Jones made quick work of his challenger, finishing Sonnen via TKO in the first round. However, he dislocated a phalanges (big toe) on his left foot during the fight. Jones is now tied with Tito Ortiz for having most consecutive title defenses in UFC light heavyweight history.
Jones faced Alexander Gustafsson on September 21, 2013, at UFC 165. Jones was badly cut above the eye during the first round, but he continued and eventually won the back-and-forth fight via unanimous decision (48-47, 48-47, and 49-46). After the match, Jones said Gustafsson gave him the toughest fight of his career and the champion and challenger were both sent to hospital for the injuries they sustained during the bout. Jones suffered a laceration, facial swelling, and many welts. He was released from the hospital with no broken bones or serious injuries.
With this win, Jones passed Tito Ortiz for the record of the most consecutive title defenses (six) of the UFC Light Heavyweight championship. The bout also earned both men the "Fight of the Night" bonus award. The match received numerous positive characterizations: "an epic battle", "instant-classic", "Fight of the Year", "Greatest light heavyweight title fight of all-time", "one of the greatest fights in UFC history".
Jones was expected to face Glover Teixeira on February 1, 2014 at UFC 169. However on October 7, UFC President Dana White stated the announcement for this fight on that card was premature and that Jones and Teixeira would face each other on a different card. On November 13, 2013 it was announced that Jones would defend his title against Glover Teixeira at UFC 170, the match was scheduled for February 22, 2014, however on November 14, 2013 it was announced that the match had been scratched from the card. On December 4, 2013 it was announced that Jones and Teixeira would finally face each other at UFC 171 on March 15, 2014 in Dallas, Texas. Jones and Teixeira is now expected to take place on April 26, 2014 at UFC 172.
Training.
Jones initially trained with Team BombSquad out of Cortland, New York, then briefly with the Tristar Gym in Montreal, Canada and most recently at Jackson's MMA in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Personal life.
Jones and his fiancée have two daughters: Leah, who was born on July 11, 2008; and Carmen Nicole Jones, born in December 2009, who was named after his late sister, Carmen. Jones is a Christian.
Jon's older brother, Arthur is an American football defensive lineman for the Baltimore Ravens. Jones's younger brother, Chandler, is a defensive lineman for the New England Patriots. His older sister, Carmen, died of brain cancer before her eighteenth birthday.
On March 19, 2011, Jones was en route to Great Falls Historic Park in Paterson, New Jersey, where he planned to meditate several hours ahead of his fight against Maurício "Shogun" Rua at UFC 128. He was accompanied by his coaches Mike Winkeljohn and Greg Jackson. As their driver prepared to drop them off, Jones observed an elderly couple screaming for help. The woman informed Winkeljohn that a man had smashed her car window and had run off with her GPS. Jones, along with his two coaches, chased after the robber, caught and tripped him, and held him down until the police arrived.
In the early morning of May 19, 2012, Jones drove his Bentley Continental GT into a pole in Binghamton, New York. Jones was arrested for driving under the influence and was bailed out several hours later by his mother. He pled guilty to DUI charges. He will not serve any jail time.
On August 8, 2012, Jones became the first mixed martial artist to be sponsored by Nike on an international scale. Anderson Silva and Yoshihiro Akiyama have signed regional deals with Nike in the past, but Jones is the first to represent Nike globally. He is also the first fighter in MMA history to have his own shoe line. Jones is the first MMA fighter to represent Gatorade in the Octagon.

</doc>
<doc id="18749874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749874" title="Alexander Kühl">
Alexander Kühl

Alexander Kühl (Kuehl) (born January 7, 1973) is a former 7' 2", 300-lbs. professional basketball player born in Rendsburg, Germany. He played college basketball in the US at Charlotte after playing 2 years at Palm Beach Community College (now Palm Beach State College). After graduating from UNC Charlotte, he played professionally in Europe for 6 years.
Pre-professional career.
Kühl started his collegiate career at Palm Beach Community College, where he played from 1993–1995.
In his freshman year, Kühl posted averages of 8.7 points and 7.8 rebounds per game in 32 games.
As a sophomore he also played in 32 games and averaged 12.2 points and 9.4 rebounds per game.
He played and started in 64 straight games for PBCC and was named to the All-Southern Conference JC Team his sophomore season.
After graduating from PBCC, he went on to play at Charlotte from 1995–1997.
As a junior he moved into the starting lineup in his first year at Charlotte before suffering a broken foot in the season's 17th game. He was lost for the remainder of the season, missing 12 games. In the 17 games he played, he averaged 6.0 points and 5.1 rebounds, adding 17 blocked shots.
As a senior he made a successful return from a broken foot (and two subsequent foot surgeries) to play and start in 31 games for the 49ers, averaging 6.5 points, 7.9 rebounds and 1.55 blocks per game. He had 11 double-figure rebounding games and reached double figures in scoring five times that season.
He accounted for 7 points, 6 rebounds and 3 blocks against the Georgetown Hoyas, (a team that included Jahidi White and Victor Page) in the 49ers' 79-67 win in the first round of the 1997 NCAA Tournament. 
He closed out his collegiate career with 9 points and 11 rebounds in a 77-58 loss to the Utah Utes (a team that included Keith Van Horn, Michael Doleac, Andre Miller and Hanno Möttola) in the second round. 
In 48 career games with the 49ers, Kühl posted averages of 6.3 points, 6.9 rebounds and 1.35 blocks per game. He currently ranks ninth all-time on the school's blocked shots list with 65. His 48 blocks as a senior is the seventh-best single-season total at Charlotte. When he was in the lineup the 49ers sported a 32-16 record.
At the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament, he averaged 5.3 ppg and 5.3 rpg and was drafted in 3rd Round of USBL draft in 1997 by Philadelphia.
Professional career.
Kühl played professionally for 7 different teams in his 6 year career.
He started out playing for Bayer Leverkusen during the 1997–98 season, where he averaged 3.7 points and 4.0 rebounds. During EuroCup played that year, he averaged 4.9 points and 5.3 rebounds in 10 games.
He then played for Aris Thessaloniki during the 1998–99 season, averaging 3.1 points and 3.7 rebounds per game in the Greek Championship. That year Aris Thessaloniki also played in the Saporta Cup where Kühl averaged 2.6 points and 2.5 rebounds in 15 games.
He then moved to Athens to play for Near East BC for the 1999–2000 season, averaging 2.9 points and 4.8 rebounds per game. Near East BC also played in the Korać Cup that season, where Kühl averaged 0.7 points and 2.7 rebounds in 6 games.
For the 2000–01 season he moved to Italy to play for Poliform Cantù and averaged 5.7 points and 4.4 rebounds in 32 games
Kühl returned to Athens, Greece for the 2001–02 season, where he played for Peristeri BC, averaging 2.9 points and 2.9 rebounds in 24 games in the Greek Championship, and in Euroleague play that year he averagred 2.2 points and 1.5 rebounds in 8 games.
The following season, 2002–03, he went back to Italy to play for Air Avellino where he had averages of 2.1 points and 2.1 rebounds in 26 games, but left that team in March 2003 and finished the season in CSP Limoges, averaging a career high 6.8 points and 8.0 rebounds in 9 games.
Kühl also played in the 'Rocky Mountain Review', a NBA summer league, in 2000 and 2001 as a member of the Denver Nuggets.
International career.
Kühl was a member of the Germany national basketball team in 1996 and 1997. He was part of the team which played in the EuroBasket 1997 tournament in Barcelona, where they finished in 12th place.

</doc>
<doc id="18749878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749878" title="Agana race riot">
Agana race riot

The Agana race riot took place at Agana, Guam over the two nights of 24–25 December 1944 during the War in the Pacific.
It was one of the most serious incidents between African American military personnel and White enlisted men during the Second World War.
Background.
In July 1944, the 3rd Marine Division took two weeks to recapture Guam from the Japanese Army in a campaign that cost 1,600 American lives.
After the battle, Guam was turned into a base for Allied operations. Five large airfields were built by Seabees, and B-29 bombers flew from the island to attack targets in the Western Pacific and on mainland Japan. Guam continued to station enlisted men from the 3rd Marine Division. But racial tensions began in late August when the all-black 25th Depot Company of the United States Navy started loading operations at the newly created naval supply depot.
A black marine stationed on the island compared the island to "a city deep down in the South" because of the bigotry he encountered. He said:
Where there are women and white and Negro men, you will find discrimination in large quantities. On Guam, discrimination against blacks involved attempted intimidation by whites who shouted racial slurs, threw rocks, and occasionally hurled smoke grenades from passing trucks into the cantonment area for black sailors of the Naval Supply Depot.
Over the next three months, these racially-motivated incidents caused tensions to rise between the two groups until they erupted into a race riot on Christmas Eve, 1944.
Incidents.
First confrontation.
On December 24, a group of nine African American marines from the 25th Depot Company had been given 24-hour holiday passes (for exemplary service) to go into Agana, Guam.
However, while in the city white marines opened fire on the black marines while they talked to Asian women, forcing them to run for their lives. Eight marines returned to their depot safely; however, a ninth man was missing.
In response, forty African American enlisted men loaded into two trucks and drove back to Agana to find the missing man. At the same time, an African American marine - who remained at the base - called the Military Police in Agana warning them that the marines were on their way. The MPs proceeded to erect barricades across all the roads leading into Agana.
When the trucks arrived at a roadblock a standoff began. Eventually tensions were calmed after a MP officer informed the marines that the missing man was found safe and returned to the 25th's camp. Satisfied, they turned their trucks around and returned to base.
But around midnight on Christmas morning, a truck filled with armed marines drove into the segregated African American camp. They claimed that one of their marines had been hit with a piece of coral thrown by one of the African Americans. The stand off ended after the depot's white commanding officer told the all white marines to leave.
Escalation.
Racial tensions continued on Christmas Day, when an African-American enlisted man walking back to camp from Agana was shot dead by two drunk white marines. Within hours, another black enlisted man was shot and killed by another drunken white enlisted man in Agana.
After the reports of the shootings reached the African-American company, after midnight on the morning of 26 December, a jeep with white service members opened fire on the African-American depot. Camp guards returned fire injuring a white MP officer. The whites in the jeep took cover and fled toward Agana being chased by a group of armed blacks.
They were stopped at a roadblock outside Agana by white MPs. They were arrested and charged with unlawful assembly, rioting, theft of government property and attempted murder.
Aftermath.
Marine Major General Henry Louis Larsen convened a court of inquiry to investigate the riot. Many black marines were court-martialed and received prison terms. No white marines were charged in connection with the events. The NAACP later successfully campaigned to have the black marines released.

</doc>
<doc id="18749882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749882" title="Peabody School (Haverhill, Massachusetts)">
Peabody School (Haverhill, Massachusetts)

The Peabody School is a historic school building at 170 Salem Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The two story Romanesque Revival brick and stone building was built in 1895 by architect C. Willis Damon for the town of Bradford (which was annexed to Haverhill two years later); it was the last school building Bradford built. The building was designed with the latest innovations in educational buildings, including amply sized classrooms with plenty of ventilation (including a heating system) and natural lighting.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, at which time it was vacant.

</doc>
<doc id="18749892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749892" title="T-model">
T-model

The T-model is a formula that states the returns earned by holders of a company's stock in terms of accounting variables obtainable from its financial statements. Specifically, it says that:
formula_1
where "T" = total return from the stock over a period (appreciation + "distribution yield" — see below);
"g" = the growth rate of the company's book value during the period;
"PB" = the ratio of price / book value at the beginning of the period.
"ROE" = the company's return on equity, i.e. earnings during the period / book value;
The T-model connects fundamentals with investment return, allowing an analyst to make projections of financial performance and turn those projections into an expected return that can be used in investment selection.
When "ex post" values for growth, price/book, etc. are plugged in, the T-Model gives a close approximation of actually realized stock returns. Unlike some proposed valuation formulas, it has the advantage of being correct in a mathematical sense (see derivation); however, this by no means guarantees that it will be a successful stock-picking tool.
Still, it has advantages over commonly used fundamental valuation techniques such as price–earnings or the simplified dividend discount model: it is mathematically complete, and each connection between company fundamentals and stock performance is explicit, so that the user can see where simplifying assumptions have been made. 
Some of the practical difficulties involved with financial forecasts stem from the many vicissitudes possible in the calculation of earnings, the numerator in the "ROE" term. With an eye toward making forecasting more robust, in 2003 Estep published a version of the T-Model driven by cash items: cash flow, gross assets and total liabilities.
Note that all fundamental valuation methods differ from economic models such as the capital asset pricing model and its various descendants; financial models attempt to forecast return from a company's expected future financial performance, whereas CAPM-type models regard expected return as the sum of a risk-free rate plus a premium for exposure to return variability.
Derivation.
The return a shareholder receives from owning a stock is:
formula_2
Where formula_3 = beginning stock price, formula_4 = price appreciation or decline, and formula_5 = distributions, i.e. dividends plus or minus the cash effect of company share issuance/buybacks. Consider a company whose sales and profits are growing at rate "g". The company funds its growth by investing in plant and equipment and working capital so that its asset base also grows at "g", and debt/equity ratio is held constant, so that net worth grows at "g". Then the amount of earnings retained for reinvestment will have to be "gBV". After paying dividends, there may be an excess:
formula_6
where "XCF" = excess cash flow, "E" = earnings, "Div" = dividends, and "BV" = book value. The company may have money left over after paying dividends and financing growth, or it may have a shortfall. In other words, "XCF" may be positive (company has money with which it can repurchase shares) or negative (company must issue shares). 
Assume that the company buys or sells shares in accordance with its "XCF", and that a shareholder sells or buys enough shares to maintain her proportionate holding of the company's stock. Then the portion of total return due to distributions can be written as formula_7. Since formula_8 and formula_9 this simplifies to:
formula_10
Now we need a way to write the other portion of return, that due to price change, in terms of "PB". For notational clarity, temporarily replace "PB" with "A" and "BV" with "B". Then "P" formula_11 "AB". 
We can write changes in "P" as:
formula_12
Subtracting "P" formula_11 "AB" from both sides and then dividing by "P" formula_11 "AB", we get:
formula_15
"A" is "PB"; moreover, we recognize that formula_16, so it turns out that:
formula_17
Substituting (3) and (4) into (2) gives (1), the T-Model.
The cash-flow T-model.
In 2003 Estep published a version of the T-model that does not rely on estimates of return on equity, but rather is driven by cash items: cash flow from the income statement, and asset and liability accounts from the balance sheet. The cash-flow T-model is:
formula_18
where 
formula_19 formula_20
and
formula_21
He provided a proof that this model is mathematically identical to the original T-model, and gives identical results under certain simplifying assumptions about the accounting used. In practice, when used as a practical forecasting tool it may be preferable to the standard T-model, because the specific accounting items used as input values are generally more robust (that is, less susceptible to variation due to differences in accounting methods), hence possibly easier to estimate.
Relationship to other valuation models.
Some familiar valuation formulas and techniques can be understood as simplified cases of the T-model. For example, consider the case of a stock selling exactly at book value ("PB = 1") at the beginning and end of the holding period. The third term of the T-Model becomes zero, and the remaining terms simplify to:
formula_22
Since formula_23 and we are assuming in this case that formula_24, formula_25, the familiar earnings yield. In other words, earnings yield would be a correct estimate of expected return for a stock that always sells at its book value; in that case, the expected return would also equal the company's "ROE".
Consider the case of a company that pays the portion of earnings not required to finance growth, or put another way, growth equals the reinvestment rate "1 – D/E". Then if "PB" doesn't change:
formula_26
Substituting "E/BV" for ROE, this turns into:
formula_27
This is the standard Gordon "yield plus growth" model. It will be a correct estimate of "T" if "PB" does not change and the company grows at its reinvestment rate.
If "PB" is constant, the familiar price–earnings ratio can be written as:
formula_28
From this relationship we recognize immediately that "P–E" cannot be related to growth by a simple rule of thumb such as the so-called "PEG ratio" formula_29; it also depends on "ROE" and the required return, "T".
The T-model is also closely related to the P/B-ROE model of Wilcox

</doc>
<doc id="18749904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749904" title="Prince Osborne House">
Prince Osborne House

Prince Osborne House, built in 1700, is a historic First Period house at 273 Maple Street in Danvers, Massachusetts.
The First Period house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18749919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749919" title="New Orleans CityBusiness">
New Orleans CityBusiness

New Orleans CityBusiness is a weekly business newspaper headquartered in Metairie, Louisiana, USA.
Launched in 1980, CityBusiness covers the metropolitan New Orleans area, including the north shore of Lake Pontchartrain. 
New Orleans Publishing Group, owned by Minneapolis-based Dolan Co. (NYSE: DM), publishes CityBusiness, the monthly North Shore Report and the Daily Journal of Commerce. NOPG also produces custom publications and an annual Book of Lists.
Hurricane Katrina.
Hurricane Katrina forced CityBusiness out of its offices on the 14th floor of Heritage Plaza, 111 Veterans Memorial Blvd., when the Aug. 29, 2005, storm bore down on the city. The newspaper never stopped printing, despite the storm. Staff members were able to publish the paper out of the offices of The (Maryland) Daily Record, CityBusiness’ Baltimore-based sister publication. Staff members scattered across the United States filed stories to fill the paper’s pages and update the Web site. While Heritage Plaza remained closed – it did not reopen until November 2005 – CityBusiness operated out of offices in Baton Rouge.
Events.
New Orleans CityBusiness hosts five annual events, all coinciding with special issues of the paper. These include: Women of the Year, Best Places to Work, Health Care Heroes, Leadership in Law and Money Makers.

</doc>
<doc id="18749921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749921" title="Peabody City Hall">
Peabody City Hall

Peabody City Hall is the historic city hall of Peabody, Massachusetts. It is located at 24 Lowell Street, near Peabody Square. The three story Second Empire brick building was built in 1883. It follows a roughly square plan, with central projecting sections on each side, and a steeply pitched mansard-style roof with turret-like sections at the building corners. The front entry, facing Lowell Street, projects further than the others, with stairs leading to a recessed doorway sheltered by a portico supported by columns and pilasters. The building's red brick is set off by bands of granite trim, including that surrounding the arched portions of the building's windows.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, and included in the Peabody Civic Center Historic District in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18749935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749935" title="Peabody Central Fire Station">
Peabody Central Fire Station

The Peabody Central Fire Station is a historic fire station at 41 Lowell Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. Built in 1873, the two story brick building is one of the oldest active fire stations in the state. The building has Victorian styling, with a mansard roof, and two truncated gables on its front facade. The cornice is studded with regularly spaced brackets, and a tower rises from the building's rear right corner.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18749939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749939" title="Precious Dede">
Precious Dede

Precious Uzoaru Dede (born 18 January 1980 in Lagos) is a Nigerian female football goalkeeper with Delta Queens FC and Nigeria women's national football team.
Dede played for Nigeria in the World Cup tournaments in 2003 and 2007, and the Beijing Olympics in 2008.
On 30 March 2009 Dede signed a contract to play through 2009 for Arna-Bjørnar in Bergen, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18749943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749943" title="Battle of Mullihambato">
Battle of Mullihambato

The Battle of Mullihambato was fought in present-day Ecuador during the Inca Civil War, with Atahualpa halting or possibly defeating the forces of Atoc after having previously been defeated in the battle of Chillopampa Plains. Atahualpa's forces led a counter-attack and soon faced the Huáscarans at Chimborazo, routing them and forcing the southern armies out of the north. The war did however not come to an end until the Battle of Quipaipan.

</doc>
<doc id="18749944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749944" title="Osgood Farm">
Osgood Farm

Osgood Farm is a historic farmhouse at 116 Osgood Street in Andover, Massachusetts. 
History.
The oldest part of the house was built after the 1699 marriage of Stephen Osgood and Hannah Blanchard. Her father donated the land and his father donated the funds to construct the house. Their son, Isaac, a French and Indian War veteran, expanded the house in 1739. In 1783 American Revolution patriot, James Otis, Jr. was recovering at the house as a guest of Jacob Osgood when he was struck and killed by lightning in the threshold to the home. The house remained in the Osgood family until 1849. For several years in the nineteenth century it was used as an inn and tavern. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In recent years, the house has fallen into disrepair.

</doc>
<doc id="18749949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749949" title="Osgood Hill">
Osgood Hill

Osgood Hill is a historic site at 709 and 723 Osgood Street in North Andover, Massachusetts. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. Also known as the Stevens Estate after its first owner, Moses Tyler Stevens, it is owned by the town and operated as a conference center. The property was developed by Stevens between 1884 and 1886, with architect William Cummings Richardson designing the estate house and several outbuildings. Richardson (no relation to H. H. Richardson) emulated the Romanesque Revival style popularized by the other Richardson. The property has twice been saved from demolition: in 1951 the property was donated to Boston University by the Stevens heirs to avoid that fate, and the town purchased the property in 1995 when the university planned to sell it for development as house lots.

</doc>
<doc id="18749956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749956" title="George O. Stacy House">
George O. Stacy House

The George O. Stacy House is a historic house at 107 Atlantic Road in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The elaborate Colonial Revival house now serves as part of the Bass Rocks Inn. It was built in 1899 for George O. Stacy, a leading Gloucester real estate developer and hotel operator, and designed by Phillips & Halloran. Although it was apparently built for Stacy and his wife to live in, they never did so because his wife objected to its remote location and seasonal isolation. Stacy ended up using it as a rental property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18749976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749976" title="Webster-Lane House">
Webster-Lane House

The Webster-Lane House is a historic house at 304 Main Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame Greek Revival house was built sometime before 1845, when it first appears on city maps. It was occupied by Nathaniel Webster, a hotel proprietor and ice dealer, between at least 1851 and 1860. It was also occupied, from at least 1869 until 1900, buy Samuel R. Lane, a major merchant and shipper of fish products. Some of the house's Greek Revival features, most notably its columned porch, are unique in the city.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18749980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749980" title="Gazelle (internet company)">
Gazelle (internet company)

Gazelle is a Boston-based company providing a business platform where people can sell their used electronic devices. The company aims to “redefine the way we think about buying, owning, selling, and recycling electronics” not only to extend the lifecycle of the device but also to prevent toxic waste from entering the environment when a consumer no longer wants the device. Known as Recommerce, Gazelle buys old and unwanted electronic devices from consumers in the U.S. and resells them to wholesalers both foreign and domestic. Currently, Gazelle has accepted more than 1 million gadgets and has more than 500,000 customers.
History.
Gazelle was founded in 2006 by Israel Ganot, Rousseau Aurelien, and James McElhiney. Gazelle.com launched in 2008 and has raised $46 million in funding from Venrock, Rockport Capital, Physic Ventures and Craton Equity Partners. According to Forbes.com, “Gazelle has become a leader in a product category dubbed ‘reCommerce’”.
How it Works.
Gazelle.com lets consumers determine how much an old device is worth by answering a few short questions, such as the device model and condition. Once a consumer locks in their device quote, “Gazelle automatically ships out a prepaid box for you to send your device back in”. Gazelle ensures each “device is wiped of all the customer’s personal information” and then mails the consumer a check, PayPal or Amazon gift card (consumer choice) in the amount of the original offer.

</doc>
<doc id="18749994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18749994" title="Washington Street Shoe District">
Washington Street Shoe District

The Washington Street Shoe District of Haverhill, Massachusetts encompasses a two block section of Washington and Wingate Streets, between Railroad Square and Essex Street, in which there were more than 60 shoe factories established in the late 19th century. Buildings in the district are predominantly brick with Italianate styling, and are of a modest scale (three or four stories), unlike later shoe factories which resembled textile mills in size and style. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18750000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750000" title="Washington Street Historic District (Peabody, Massachusetts)">
Washington Street Historic District (Peabody, Massachusetts)

The Washington Street Historic District is a historic district on Washington, Main, Holten and Sewall Streets in Peabody, Massachusetts. The district includes the Gen. Gideon Foster House, (35 Washington St.) headquarters of the Peabody Historical Society & Museum. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18750001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750001" title="James Wardrop">
James Wardrop

James Wardrop FRSE FRCSEd FRCS (1782 – 1869) was a Scottish surgeon and ophthalmologist. 
Wardrop was born the youngest son of James and Marjorie (née Marjoribanks) Wardrop in Torbane Hill, West Lothian, but at four years of age moved with the family to live in Edinburgh where he attended the High School, and then St Andrews University. In 1800 he was apprenticed to a firm of surgeon apothecaries which included his uncle Andrew Wardrop, first president of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, and in 1801 was appointed House Surgeon at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary.
He trained in London (1801), Paris and Vienna (1803). He was admitted a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1804. He worked as an ophthalmic surgeon in Edinburgh 1804–08 and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1808, upon the proposal of Andrew Wardrop, Alexander Keith and James Russell. He worked as an ophthalmic surgeon in London 1809–69; and gained his honorary MD degree at St Andrews University in 1834.
Wardrop taught surgery from 1826 at the Aldersgate Street medical academy with Lawrence and Tyrrell, and published surgical treatises. Wardrop was early appointed surgeon-extraordinary by the Prince Regent. This annoyed rivals in London, and he found the doors of the large hospitals closed to him. In retaliation he founded the West London Hospital for Surgery near the Edgware Road, and invited general practitioners to watch him operate. Further royal honours came, but he declined a baronetcy (in lieu of royal fees) and moved out of royal circles. His social gifts, a knowledge of horseflesh and marriage to a wife with aristocratic connections brought him popularity.
Wardrop was associated with Thomas Wakley in the founding of "The Lancet" in 1823, for which he first wrote savage articles and, later, witty and scurrilous lampoons in his column 'Intercepted Letters'. The letters, under the pseudonym 'Brutus', were thinly disguised as by leading London surgeons, 'accidentally' revealing their nepotism, venality and incompetence. There was enough truth in them to make the parodies sting.
He was later rehabilitated with the Royal College of Surgeons of England, becoming a Fellow in 1843.
In 1813 he had married Margaret, daughter of Col. George L Dalrymple of East Lothian and the widow of Captain Burn. They had four sons and a daughter. On his death he was buried in Bathgate Old Kirk.

</doc>
<doc id="18750004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750004" title="Magic Boy Kitchener">
Magic Boy Kitchener

Magic Boy Kitchener () is a Chinese cartoon series, made of 150 consecutive episodes, currently broadcast on CCTV.
The series takes place in the late Qing Dynasty, during the era of the Empress Dowager Cixi. After a convoy accident in which the imperial kitchener perishes, Cixi orders the search for a new kitchener from the region. She sends her eunuchs to a nearby town, where they find a small tavern with a skilled elderly chef - the grandfather of the series protagonist, Fugui, a young aspiring chef himself. His grandfather is taken away by the eunuchs, leaving only one option for Fugui - becoming the imperial kitchener, thereby saving the life of his grandfather. Fugui must train his cooking skills in order to beat all the other cooks trying to become the Dowager's new cook. Fugui eventually finds a friend for life, Feidie, while searching for his grandfather. Feidie helps Fugui in order to get closer to the Dowager, who she wants to assassinate due to her belief that she killed her father. Fugui also befriends a lot of other people with his friendly personality, such as the king, whom he nicknames "Sprouts", eunuch Xiao Lizi --A greedy man at first, but then changes across the episodes-- despite him leading the capture of his grandfather at the town tavern, and dispatching Fugui rather harshly during the capture. 
Over the course of the show, Feidie discovers that the Dowager is actually a relative to hers. Her joy is short-lived, as the Dowager wants her to get married, and Fugui is power less as a villain--who has the initial "K." whom had hired Xiao Lizi before realizes his error and forces his daughter to distract Fugui-- manages to stage an act, landing the king into a Solitary Tower; and Fiedie is forced to escape! Fugui sees no point in becoming the imperial chef anymore, because very few days after his grandfather was freed, his grandfather died, and so he wandered off, leading the villain with the initial "K." laughing maliciously and the show ending.
Miscellaneous.
Although the show is Chinese, they use simple English at times, such as "Yes", "Ok" or "No".
The character Xiao Lizi is a much younger version of Li Lianying, who was a real-life servant of the Empress Dowager Cixi until her death in 1908; Li Lianying died three years later in 1911, at the age of 62.
The show is supposed to be in the olden days, but sometimes they have parodies of modern inventions or they sing modern songs at time.

</doc>
<doc id="18750009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750009" title="Richard Ward House">
Richard Ward House

The Richard Ward House is a historic house at 71 Lowell Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It is a locally distinctive example of a middle class Queen Anne style Victorian in a rural setting. It was built between 1885 and 1888 for Richard Ward, a milk dealer who had married into the locally prominent Abbot family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18750022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750022" title="Joshua Ward House">
Joshua Ward House

The Joshua Ward House is a historic house at 148 Washington Street in Salem, Massachusetts. The three story Federal style brick house, built in 1784, is one of the first brick houses in Salem. Its interior woodwoork was done by noted Salem builder and woodworker Samuel McIntire, including an original staircase that is the oldest surviving staircase created by him. George Washington is reported to have specifically requested staying in this house when he visited Salem in 1789.
The building has an austere brick exterior laid in Flemish bond. Its four chimneys were damaged by storms in its early years, and again in the 1938 New England Hurricane. The house was used in the 19th century as a tavern. It was built on the same site as the former home of Sheriff George Corwin, famously associated with the Salem witch trials.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and included in the Downtown Salem District in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18750028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750028" title="Ammanford (GWR) railway station">
Ammanford (GWR) railway station

"This article is about the former GWR station in Ammanford. For the current station see Ammanford railway station".
Ammanford railway station was opened under the name "Cross Inn" by the Llanelly Railway in 1840 to serve the town of Ammanford, West Wales. It was renamed "Ammanford" in 1883. The station was the main one in the town until it closed in 1958, leaving the current Ammanford station (then known as Tirydail, later Ammanford & Tirydail) providing trains for the area.
History.
Opened by the Llanelly Railway, then by the Great Western Railway, staying with that company during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. 
The station was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18750031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750031" title="Walker Body Company Factory">
Walker Body Company Factory

The Walker Body Company Factory is a historic factory complex on Oak Street at River Court in Amesbury, Massachusetts. It has been converted to residential use.
The Walker Body Company, originally the Walker Carriage Manufacturing Company, was a major manufacturing concern in Amesbury during the late 19th and early 20th century. Its factory was located in an area known as "Carriage Hill" due to the large number of carriage builders in the area. Two of its buildings survive: mill #2, a c. 1885 structure built by the Hume Carriage Company, and mill #3, built in 1918 and expanded in 1929. The older building is a three story brick structure, while the newer one is a wood frame building designed by the Beverly, Massachusetts firm of Morse & Dickinson. Its wooden construction is unusual in that typical factory construction of the time usually involved brick or other firesafe materials.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18750032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750032" title="Liu Jing (swimmer)">
Liu Jing (swimmer)

Liu Jing (; born March 8, 1990 in Beijing) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750055" title="Essex Heritage">
Essex Heritage

Essex Heritage is a non-profit organization charted to promote the cultural heritage of Essex County in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Working with both public and private partnerships and with the National Park Service, the group supports and develops programs that enhance, preserve and encourage regional awareness of the area’s unique historic, cultural and natural resources. Headquartered in Salem, Massachusetts, the Commission services the 34 communities of Essex County. It has been recognized by the United States Congress in recognition of the important role that this region played in American history and the significant heritage sites that are still in the area. The organization's website is: www.essexheritage.org. See Essex National Heritage Commission.
Events.
The organization has sponsored a number of events and programs that celebrate the region’s history, character and cultural heritage. These include:
External links.
Essex Heritage Website [http://www.essexheritage.org]

</doc>
<doc id="18750064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750064" title="1998–99 Ukrainian First League">
1998–99 Ukrainian First League

Teams.
In 1998-99 season, the Ukrainian First League consists of the following teams:
Promotion play-off.
FC Prykarpattia Ivano-Frankivsk - FC Cherkasy 3:1 <br> FC Cherkasy remains in the First League.
Top scorers.
Statistics are taken from here.

</doc>
<doc id="18750080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750080" title="Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg">
Wrestling at the 1980 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 48 kg at the 1980 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Athletics Fieldhouse, Central Sports Club of the Army.
Tournament results.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the loser wrestler. When only three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
Final.
Results from the preliminary round are carried forward into the final (shown in yellow).

</doc>
<doc id="18750117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750117" title="Helen Jane Long">
Helen Jane Long

Helen Jane Long (born April 10, 1974) is a British composer, musician and pianist, best known for various advertisement contracts, her work on several film projects in a variety of genres, and, most recently, her contemporary-classic piano albums, "Embers" (2010) (BLE) and "Porcelain" (Warner Music Group). In 2003, Long worked as music assistant to Howard Shore on the film score for "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy. Long composed the original music for the movie thrillers "The Only Hotel" and "Surveillance 24/7".
Early life, education.
Long was born on April 10, 1974 in Hampshire, England. She began training as a classical pianist at age 4, moving on to also learn clarinet, guitar, cello, vocals, organ, and violin.
Long began composing when she entered college. However, frustrated with the progression of her music degree, she claims she spent her entire student loan on a huge sequencer keyboard. She then slowly continued to amass the equipment needed for a fully operational home recording studio. There she independently practiced recording, producing, scoring, arranging, and mixing.
Career.
After college Long began working for the BBC on the children's shows "Blue Peter" and "Live & Kicking", where she periodically worked with Ronnie Hazlehurst (composer for "Only Fools and Horses"), Dennis King of "Black Beauty", and Nigel Hess (composer of the film "Ladies in Lavender"). She has also worked with composers Jerry Goldsmith and Ron Goodwin. She was signed to a major label soon after sending out demos of her material. Long has since written scores, piano pieces, and full orchestrations for many films and television spots.
In 2003 Long served as a music score assistant for composer Howard Shore on the historic film trilogy "The Lord of the Rings", as well as the extended DVDs. Long, who had met Shore before the films, served essentially as his personal copy editor for the sheet music he wrote daily for new scenes. She was also known on set for reliably supplying brownies and pancakes.
She is well known for scoring the often played Volkswagen Passat commercials in 2005. Since 2005 she has scored a large amount of for-television documentaries on Channel 4, Channel 5, the Discovery Channel, and the BBC, including "Behind the Da Vinci Code" and "Open Gardens" in 2008. She has also scored several short films and the feature films "The Only Hotel" and "Surveillance" (2007). She has done several recordings with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, notably in 2007 when she worked with them to compose and record a music CD of orchestral music.
Solo Releases.
Long released her debut album "Porcelain" on July 24, 2007 on Warner Classics. The album is a collection of original piano compositions, many in a classically expressive and filmic style. Besides Long on piano, the recording sessions also included musicians Jonathan Hill and Nick Holland. The cello used in the recordings was handmade by Long's father. As of February 1, 2010, "Porcelain" was the top selling album on America's largest classical radio station, and she secured a sell-out tour of the United States.
On May 3, 2010 Long released her second piano album "Embers" with BLE Music Group. The album quickly became widely requested on worldwide classical radio stations, and was "most requested" on Classic FM radio.
Awards.
Long was Radio Classic FM's Guest List Composer in 2007. She was also selected as Audio Network's Composer of the Month for February 2010.
Personal life.
Helen Long still lives in the south east of the United Kingdom, where she is an avid water-skier and triathlete.
Discography.
Scoring history.
Adverts

</doc>
<doc id="18750134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750134" title="Ain't That Lonely Yet">
Ain't That Lonely Yet

"Ain't That Lonely Yet" is a song written by Kostas and James House, and recorded by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released in March 1993 as the first single from his CD "This Time". It peaked at number 2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks. It served as the lead-off single to his CD, "This Time"; in addition, it went on to win a Grammy award for Best Male Country Vocal Performance.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo in which the narrator has just left his lover because of what she has put him through. She tries to win him back with phone calls and notes (left on his door). The narrator denies his former lover, and tries to convince himself that he "ain't that lonely yet," or not lonely enough to return to her.
Reception.
Bill Janovitz of Allmusic gave the song a positive review. He says the most compelling verse in the song is the second verse, because of the metaphor of the narrator's ex-lover as a spider.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Dwight Yoakam and Carolyn Mayer. 
Chart positions.
"Ain't That Lonely Yet" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of March 13, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18750142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750142" title="Chiew-Siah Tei">
Chiew-Siah Tei

Chiew-Siah Tei is a Malaysian-born writer.
Biography.
Tei was born and grew up in Tampin, southern Malaysia, and published her first work in the 1980s. During the 1990s she published prose and commentary in journals including "Sin Chew Jit Poh" and "Nanyang Siang Pao", winning nominations and several awards - including the Hua Zong International Chinese Fiction Award and the National Prose Writing Competition - for her Chinese language prose. In 2002 Tei was nominated the Best Prose Writer of the year. Her first novel, "Little Hut of Leaping Fishes", was long-listed for the inaugural Man Asian Literary Prize in 2007.
In 2002 she moved to Scotland and enrolled to study film and creative writing at Glasgow University.
Film and Theatre.
Tei's screenplay "Night Swimmer" was made into a feature film that won Best Short Film at France's Vendôme International Film Festival 2000.
In 2005 her play "Three Thousand Troubled Threads" was staged at the Edinburgh International Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18750143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750143" title="New Bedford Bay Sox">
New Bedford Bay Sox

The New Bedford Bay Sox are a baseball team that plays in the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a collegiate summer baseball league located in the northeastern United States region of New England. The team is located in New Bedford, Massachusetts. New Bedford's Paul Walsh Field serves as the home field of the Bay Sox. Th NECBL's players use wooden bats, as opposed to aluminum, and are college baseball players recruited from the top intercollegiate baseball programs in the United States. The franchise has appeared in league finals four times in their history, all as the Torrington Twisters (1997, 1998, 2003, 2006), and have twice played host to the NECBL All-Star Game as the Twisters (1998, 2008). Pat and Beth O'Connor, owners of Little Fenway and Little Wrigley joined the ownership team of the New Bedford Bay Sox in October, 2011, and signed a 3-year lease to play at Paul Walsh Field. In November 2011, former MLB player Rick Miller was announced as the 2012 Bay Sox manager.
Relocation.
On December 17, 2008, franchise owners Robin Wadsworth and Rita Hubner, along with New Bedford mayor Scott Lang, announced the relocation of the Torrington Twisters from Torrington, Connecticut to New Bedford, Massachusetts. The team became the New Bedford Bay Sox. They also announced the agreement to a three-year lease deal for Paul Walsh Field in New Bedford. At the press conference, Wadsworth was quoted as saying, "New Bedford has a sense of pride, community and passion that clearly shines through; their enthusiasm is second to none. It quickly became a virtual no brainer, the minute we engaged with Mayor Lang, Matt Morrissey and other community leaders."
On December 26, 2010, changes were announced in the Bay Sox ownership. While owners Wadsworth and Hubner maintained their positions, Tewksbury, Massachusetts residents Jim and Effie Dragon joined as minority owners. The owners voiced their interest in keeping the team in New Bedford.

</doc>
<doc id="18750170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750170" title="Willington Quay child abduction case">
Willington Quay child abduction case

The Willington Quay child abduction was a case of the abduction and rape of a 6-year-old girl in Willington Quay, North Tyneside, England, on 27 December 2005, when she was taken while in the bath. A local man, Peter Voisey, a known sex offender, was later convicted of the crime and sentenced to life in prison. The brazen nature of the crime sparked widespread media interest and a "Crimewatch" appeal. It also sparked the largest ever man-hunt by Northumbria Police. Assertions by the police that the crime had been a case of opportunistic abduction from the home by a stranger were initially met with scepticism, given the seemingly unbelievable nature of the crime. Voisey's conviction also sparked a review of the multi-agency public protection arrangements (MAPPA), which govern the monitoring of past offenders.
The girl was abducted from her ground-floor bath as her mother was next door room. She was driven around the local area for 20 minutes, before being found naked in a snow-covered back alley. Initially, police only had the girl's eyewitness account of a "man in a red car" identified by her as a Vauxhall Astra, with no other witnesses present. The only forensic evidence the police could obtain was a footprint in the bathroom, and a partial DNA trace from the girl's fingernail. Through careful interview with the girl, it was ascertained from the route she was driven, that the offender had a good knowledge of the local area. 
Voisey, a.k.a. Smith, was originally questioned because he was a registered sex offender, as part of a wide sweep of local people who might be of interest. Originally a known sneak thief, committing high risk burglaries with a chance of discovery, he had been convicted in 2001 of sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl in a swimming pool changing room in Cheshire. He was not initially considered a priority lead, as he had been classified low risk due to good behaviour. Voisey initially appeared good natured, and had a good account of his movements. He continued to strenuously deny any involvement when further interviewed.
With no strong evidence, Voisey was convicted from a multitude of lesser clues. This included his local knowledge and his mobile phone records which proved he was not where he claimed to be at the time. The trainer print had been matched to a pair he owned, only five of which had been sold in the North East that year. He had made a cryptic diary entry for the day in question, "Phew it's over, chill now", which he claimed referred to Christmas. He had also owned a red Astra, although this was scrapped before it could be seized as evidence. It was also concluded, although a partial match, that there was a high chance of the DNA found being Voisey's.

</doc>
<doc id="18750178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750178" title="Topa Atao">
Topa Atao

Topa Atao was a brother and commander of Huascar's forces in the Inca Civil War. After defeat at Chimborazo and the initial success at halting Atahualpa's forces at Wanuku Pampa, he was ordered by the retreating Huascar to lead a force of recognition into a ravine upon the emerging armies of Chalkuchimac and Quizquiz. Chalkuchimac divided up his forces, attacking Topa Atao from several directions, capturing him and destroying the recognition force. His fate remains unknown. He was possibly gored in the head by zealous warriors who wanted to have his position. 

</doc>
<doc id="18750202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750202" title="Ha Sinan">
Ha Sinan

Ha Sinan (born 10 January 1992 in Kunming, Yunnan) is a swimmer from China. She is listed as a member of China's team at the 2008 Olympics; however, she appears to have not swum at the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18750203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750203" title="Anders Överström">
Anders Överström

Anders Överström (born 25 November 1985 in Mariehamn on the Åland Islands, Finland) is a Finnish goalkeeper who currently is a free agent. He has played most of his career at the Mariehamn based club IFK Mariehamn, but has also represented IF Finströms Kamraterna, Hammarlands IK and FC Åland.

</doc>
<doc id="18750211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750211" title="Bupa">
Bupa

Bupa (pronounced ) is an international healthcare group, serving over 14 million customers in over 190 countries. It is a private healthcare company, as opposed to the UK's National Health Service (NHS), which is a tax-funded healthcare system.
Background.
Bupa (originally, the British United Provident Association) was established in 1947 when 17 British provident associations joined together to provide healthcare for the general public. The original services offered by Bupa included private medical insurance, and eventually expanded to include privately run Bupa hospitals. Bupa had an initial registration of 38,000 when founded, but currently has over 14 million customers worldwide, and is the leading private health insurance provider in the UK.
It was founded before the advent of the National Health Service (NHS) in 1947 as a provident organisation. Initially, it was purely a UK health insurance provider, offering policies to individuals, companies and other organisations.
Over the years, it has diversified away from its core health insurance business and is now an international healthcare company with services that include travel insurance, health insurance, care homes, health assessments, occupational health services and hospitals. The firm is a private company limited by guarantee; it has no shareholders, and any profits (after tax) are reinvested in the business.
Operations.
The company has its head office in central London, with main UK contact centres in Staines and Salford Quays. There are also offices in Brighton (Bupa International), Leeds (Bupa Care Services), and Harlow (Bupa Home Healthcare) in the UK, Adelaide, Brisbane, Sydney and Melbourne in Australia (Bupa Australia and Bupa Aged Care Australia), New Delhi (Max Bupa), Madrid (Sanitas), Boston (Health Dialog), Beijing (Bupa China), Hong Kong (Bupa Asia), Jedda (Bupa Arabia), Bangkok (Bupa Thailand), and Miami (Bupa Latin America).
Bupa Ireland was set up in 1996 and eventually had 300 employees in Fermoy, Co Cork and 475,000 members - a 22% share of the Irish market. In 2006 it announced its intention to close in response to the Irish Government's policy of risk equalisation. In 2007 the business was bought by the Quinn Group and traded as Quinn Healthcare. Since 2012 it has been trading as Laya Healthcare.
The firm also owns several healthcare companies overseas including Spain's largest healthcare company, Sanitas, and acquired ihi Danmark and Amedex (Miami, US) in September 2005. In November 2006, it acquired Clinovia, now known as Bupa Home Healthcare, in a move that gave Bupa new opportunities in out of hospital care. In December 2007, it purchased DCA Agedcare Group in Australia and New Zealand, making it a leading player in these markets. Also in December 2007, it announced the purchase of Health Dialog, a provider of chronic condition management and "shared decision making" services.
In 2007, the company announced plans to sell its UK hospitals to Spire Healthcare.
During 2008, the firm acquired the London-based Cromwell Hospital flagship hospital to provide healthcare to its members and other private patients including medical tourists from outside the UK. Approval was given for the merger between Bupa's Australian arm (which, prior to the merger, comprised HBA and Mutual Community) and insurance group MBF. The merger created Australia's second largest private health insurance group. On 1 December 2008, Clinovia's name was changed to Bupa Home Healthcare.
The firm has entered the Indian health insurance market through a joint venture with the local conglomerate, Max India, called Max Bupa Health Insurance Limited.
In October 2010 the firm sold Bupa Health Assurance to Resolution Limited, and it has been rebranded as part of Friends Life.
In the end of the 2012 Bupa acquired largest private health care network in Poland - Lux Med for €400m from private equity fund Mid Europa Partners.
According to Stuart Fletcher in 2013 "there was a 6 per cent decline in the number of individuals covered,’ by private health insurance‘And the people who are more likely to claim are the least likely to drop the insurance so the risk pool is deteriorating.’ BUPA has protected its profits by reducing payments to consultants. This provoked the British Medical Association to complain to the Competition Commission, which published a report into the private healthcare sector in 2013, probing insurers’ power over consultants’ fees. It decided that by trying to keep prices down and promote competition, Bupa was doing exactly what customers would expect. But it did warn that companies like Bupa need to ensure they communicate better with policyholders about what their premiums entitle them to.

</doc>
<doc id="18750230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750230" title="Tang Jingzhi">
Tang Jingzhi

Tang Jingzhi (; born 1986-09-15 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a female Chinese swimmer, who won a silver medal for China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18750257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750257" title="Ammanford Colliery Halt railway station">
Ammanford Colliery Halt railway station

"This article is about the former GWR station at Ammanford Colliery. For the current station see Ammanford railway station".
Ammanford Colliery Halt railway station, served the colliery near Ammanford, West Wales. Opened to serve the colliery, the station closed, leaving the current Ammanford station providing trains for the area.
History.
Opened by the Great Western Railway, the halt stayed with that company during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the Western Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. 
The station was then closed by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18750275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750275" title="Émile Boga Doudou">
Émile Boga Doudou

Émile Boga Doudou (1952–September 19, 2002) was an Ivorian politician who served as Minister of State for the Interior and Decentralization from 2000 to 2002. He was killed in the failed coup attempt that marked the start of the Ivorian Civil War.
Early life and career.
Doudou was born in 1952 in Domaboué, near Lakota, Côte d'Ivoire. A lawyer by profession, Doudou was married and had three children.
Doudou was a founding member of the Ivorian Popular Front (FPI) in 1982. At the party's Constitutive Congress in 1988, he became a member of the Secretariat-General of the FPI; he was subsequently a member of the Secretariat-General from 1990 to 2001. He was elected to the National Assembly as an FPI candidate in the November 1990 parliamentary election, and he was re-elected in the November 1995 parliamentary election; in the National Assembly he served as President of the FPI Parliamentary Group.
He was a close ally of FPI leader Laurent Gbagbo. Following a military coup in December 1999, a presidential election was held in October 2000; Gbagbo, the FPI candidate, claimed victory and became President. He then appointed Doudou as Minister of State for the Interior and Decentralization in the government named on October 27, 2000. On December 5, 2000, Doudou controversially showed firearms on national television which armed forces had seized at a mosque.
Doudou was elected to the National Assembly again in the December 2000 parliamentary election. He was initially a candidate for the post of President of the National Assembly following the election, but he withdrew his candidacy before the vote was held on January 22, 2001; Mamadou Koulibaly, another member of the FPI, was elected to the post without opposition. Doudou subsequently remained a member of the government.
At the FPI's Third Extraordinary Congress, held from July 20 to July 22, 2001, Doudou was elected as the Third Vice-President of the FPI; this was a newly created position.
Death.
He was killed on September 19, 2002 in Abidjan during a failed coup attempt. The uprising began September 19 with automatic-weapons fire erupting outside a paramilitary police base in Abidjan. "Hundreds" of troops attacked police headquarters and the houses of two ministers; besides Doudou, at least 80 loyalist soldiers were killed by the rebels.
Gunfire and explosions spread to other parts of the Ivorian capital, including central areas and its suburbs. During this, state radio and television were off the air. The international airport was closed. Soldiers shot at motorists who were approaching roadblocks. This attempted coup came while President Laurent Gbagbo was on a state visit to Italy. Violence continued through September 20 and became the basis for the Ivorian Civil War.
Funeral.
Doudou's funeral was held on August 1, 2003. His body was moved in a procession from a hospital morgue in Treichville, Abidjan, to the National Assembly, where deputies paid their last respects to him. A requiem mass was held at the Saint-Paul Cathedral in Plateau, the administrative district of Abidjan. At this point, he was taken to his home town for burial.

</doc>
<doc id="18750288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750288" title="Paint Hills Islands">
Paint Hills Islands

The Paint Hills Islands are located in James Bay, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They are southwest of Wemindji, Quebec (Cree for "red ochre mountain"), a Cree community on Paint Hills Bay, and northeast of Solomons Temple Islands.
In 1950, Thomas Henry Manning studied high tide and driftwood strand lines on Paint Hills Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="18750291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750291" title="All These Years">
All These Years

"All These Years" is a song written by Mac McAnally, originally recorded on his 1992 album "Live and Learn". It was later recorded by American country music group Sawyer Brown. It was released in November 1992 as the second single from their album "Cafe on the Corner". Their version peaked at 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, in addition to being a minor AC hit, peaking at 42 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart.
Content.
The song opens with the story with a wife having an affair, and her husband catching her in the act. Instead of getting angry at her, he blames himself for being absent and neglectful and asks her "Don't you rub it in too hard that I've been wrong."
They argue, and the wife begins to admit her own guilt in the failing marriage -- "There's some things you refuse to see; But I guess sometimes so do I." She takes account of the family they made together, and sees how much she stands to lose by cheating on the marriage.
The repeat of the final refrain, "I'm still here; And so confused; But I can finally see how much I stand to lose; All these years," attributed to neither the husband nor wife, indicates that both have seen what they have to lose.
Critical reception.
Larry Flick, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling it "a downer, but effectively presented for a dreary breakup number." He goes on to says that the positive is that listeners feel like there was a "meeting of the minds"
Other versions.
Mac McAnally recorded it on his 1993 album "Live and Learn". McAnally's version was the b-side to the album's first single, which was its title track.
Chart positions.
"All These Years" debuted at number 72 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of November 28, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18750295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750295" title="William M. Fields">
William M. Fields

William M. Fields (born 1949), also known by the lexigram , is an American qualitative investigator studying language, culture, and tools in non-human primates. He is best known for his collaboration with Sue Savage-Rumbaugh beginning in 1997 at the Language Research Center of Georgia State University. There he co-reared Nyota , a baby bonobo, with Panbanisha , Kanzi and Savage-Rumbaugh . Fields and Savage-Rumbaugh are the only scientists in the world carrying out language research with bonobos.
Biography.
Fields was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1949, the oldest of four children. His father is a musician and his mother a housewife. He attended Georgia State University where he was the student of anthropologist Kathryn A. Kozaitis earning a B.A. in anthropology in 1999. He also studied with Charles Rutheiser, Robert Fryman, and Mark B. King. Under these influences he developed the notions of a hybrid culture in which he proposed the theoretical concept of a "Pan/Homo" cultural dynamic as a critique of the ethological notion of proto-culture to explain bonobo Kanzi’s linguistic abilities. 
In 2005 Fields published, as second author, "Kanzi’s Primal Language: the cultural initiation of apes into language". The qualitative monograph is a cultural recasting of Savage-Rumbaugh’s 1993 empirical monograph titled "Language Comprehension in Ape and Child". In 2006 he accepted the position of Senior Research Scientist at the Great Ape Trust of Iowa where he participated in ape language research with Savage-Rumbaugh and the bonobos Kanzi, Panbanisha, Nyota, Nathan, Maisha, Elikya, and Matata. The ape language program includes stone tool use and manufacture with paleolithic specialists Nicholas Toth and Kathy Schick. Fields appears in the 2000 NHK science documentary, "Kanzi II", and has been interviewed about his work at the Great Ape Trust by the History Channel, National Geographic Channel, ABC News and "Nightline", Discovery Channel, "New Scientist", Swedish Educational Television and local media. 
He served as Director of Scientific Research at the Trust from 2007 through 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="18750310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750310" title="Gao Chang">
Gao Chang

Gao Chang (born January 29, 1987 in Jinan, Shandong, China) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and who was a part of China's 2008 Olympic Team. Gao Chang won the gold in the 50-metre backstroke final of 2010 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18750317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750317" title="Pradeeban Peter-Paul">
Pradeeban Peter-Paul

Pradeeban Peter-Paul (born May 17, 1977) is a Tamil Canadian table tennis player.
Born in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Pradeeban Peter-Paul emigrated with his family to Germany at the age of 11. It was in Würzburg, Germany that Peter-Paul learned table tennis. When he left Germany in 1993 he was on the Bavarian provincial team and had won a junior doubles title. At the age of 16 Peter-Paul moved to Canada. Peter-Paul represented Canada for the first time at the English Open in 1996 and has been with the national team for the past 12 years.
Peter-Paul can fluently speak Tamil, German, and English. He qualified to play table tennis in the 2008 Olympics for Canada.
Peter-Paul had a men's ITTF world ranking of 266th on 26 September 2011 with 1599 points.

</doc>
<doc id="18750331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750331" title="Endicott Pear Tree">
Endicott Pear Tree

The Endicott Pear Tree, also known as the Endecott Pear, is a European Pear ("Pyrus communis") tree
located in Danvers, Essex County, Massachusetts. It is believed to be the oldest living cultivated fruit tree in North America.
History.
Early history.
The Endicott Pear Tree was planted in its current location between 1632 and 1649 (William Bentley reports dates of 1630, 1631, and 1639 in his diary) by John Endecott—a governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony, one of the Colony's earliest settlers, 
and ancestor of Endicott Peabody—and was probably brought from England on the "Arbella" in June 1630. Various reports indicate an alternate import year of 1628.
Tradition holds to the notion that the tree was planted by Endecott himself, according to Harriet Tapley in "Chronicles of Danvers" and to Judge Alden Perley White. According to Charles S. Tapley, a President of the Bay State Historical League, White recounted that Endecott personally planted the pear tree in the presence of his children and farmworkers and reportedly declared: "I hope the tree will love the soil of the old world and no doubt when we have gone the tree will still be alive."
The 1925 USDA Agriculture Yearbook, citing the memoir of Samuel Endicott—a descendant of Endecott (the spelling of the family name changed in the 18th century)—suggests that the tree may have been transplanted from Endecott's garden in Salem. An article in the "Salem Observer", written in 1852 by Samuel P. Fowler, lends further credence to this idea, noting that it was in Salem proper that Endecott "probably planted his famous pear tree". Flower also reports that Endecott was probably among the first to cultivate fruit in the Massachusetts Bay Colony.
19th century.
The diary of Rev. William Bentley, who visited the Endecott estate (at the time known as Collins Farm and owned by Capt. John Endicott) on several occasions, makes numerous mentions of the Endicott Pear Tree starting in 1800. Bentley's diary confirms that the tree regularly produced fruit. In September 1809, Bentley passed along some pears harvested from the tree to former President John Adams; he received a letter from Adams concerning the pears the following month. On April 11, 1810, Bentley visited Collins Farm to obtain twigs from the pear tree to send to Adams. Thurl D. Brown, in a lecture before the Danvers Historical Society, suggested that "he twigs must have taken hold", citing a letter from Adams dated September 24, 1815 that noted: "The hurricane of yesterday has covered the ground about me with pears."
The Endicott Pear Tree was damaged by the Storm of October 1804, a late-season major hurricane in the 1804 Atlantic hurricane season, but recovered to "yield many bushels" of fruit. The tree was damaged by hurricanes at least twice more in the 19th century: in 1815 and 1843. By 1875, the Endicott Pear Tree stood at approximately .
Sometime in the mid-to-late-19th century, a wooden fence was erected to protect the tree.
20th century.
In the early 20th century, Ulysses Prentiss Hedrick, a botanist and author of "The Pears of New York"—a 1921 monograph belonging to a series of publications on fruits, "all of which have become classic references on the fruit cultivars of the period"—confirmed that the Endicott Pear Tree had not been grafted, as was suggested in an 1837 article about the tree in "Mr. Hovey's Magazine".
A 1919 account of the Endicott Pear Tree by James Raymond Simmons, author of "The Historic Trees of Massachusetts", describes the tree as follows:
The Endicott Pear Tree was damaged by a hurricane once more in 1934. In the 1940s, The National Grange of the Order of Patrons of Husbandry attempted to acquire possession of the tree from its then-owner, a Mr. Simard, who had acquired the property from George Endicott in 1941. This move was prompted by the discovery that Simard had "stripped the soil near the tree", leaving it exposed.
In 1946, at a town meeting, the town of Danvers passed a resolution to "accept a plot of land on which the so-called Endicott Pear Tree is located, subject to an agreement drawn by the owner and in form agreeable to the Town Counsel"; however, the town did not purchase the tree due to the inability of the Town Counsel, a James H. Sullivan, and Simard to agree on the terms of the acquisition. On January 1, 1947, Sullivan was replaced as Town Counsel, and no further action was taken regarding acquisition of the Endicott Pear Tree.
Eventually, Simard deeded the property on which the tree is located to North Shore Industries; it was subsequently transferred to CBS-Hytron, which erected a wooden fence around the pear tree, Matchlett Laboratories, and finally Osram Sylvania.
On July 27, 1964, vandals cut off the tree's branches and all but of its trunk using hacksaws.
As of August 2002, it was surrounded by a chain-link fence and located near the headquarters of Osram Sylvania in Danvers.
In 1997, scions were collected from the Endicott Pear Tree for the pear germplasm collection of the National Clonal Germplasm Repository in Corvallis, Oregon, and a fruit-bearing clone of the tree was grown.
Cultural impact.
According to a 2007 article in the "Danvers Herald", the Endicott Pear Tree "holds a special place in the hearts of many Danversites". In 2004, the Danvers Preservation Commission sought to have the tree featured on a stamp of the United States Postal Service.
Lucy Larcom composed a poem, titled "The Governor's Tree", about the Endicott Pear Tree in 1890 for Arbor Day.

</doc>
<doc id="18750338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750338" title="Ukrainian Premier League Reserves and Under 19">
Ukrainian Premier League Reserves and Under 19

The Ukrainian Premier Reserve League is the top league for the top Ukrainian football reserve team, the parent clubs of which compete in the Ukrainian Premier League. 
History.
The League was established in 2004 for the 2004-05 season. It is a development league and therefore its participants' performance does not result in the team's relegation from the Ukrainian Premier Reserve League. The relegation occurs only based on their final league position of their respective senior teams in the Ukrainian Premier League. If the senior team is relegated from the Ukrainian Premier League, then its reserve team is relegated from the Premier Reserve League and replaced by a reserve team of another newly promoted club from the Ukrainian First League.
Current champions are FC Shakhtar Donetsk Reserves

</doc>
<doc id="18750350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750350" title="Influencias">
Influencias

Influencias (English: "Influences") is an album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released in 1994. The album is a tribute to several artists which have influenced Chayanne through his life.

</doc>
<doc id="18750358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750358" title="Hong Wenwen">
Hong Wenwen

Hong Wenwen (born August 22, 1986 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750382" title="Arvalik Islands">
Arvalik Islands

The uninhabited Arvalik Islands are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut. They are located in southeastern Ungava Bay, southwest of the Inuit hamlet of Kangiqsualujjuaq, Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="18750385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750385" title="Olympic Committee of Israel">
Olympic Committee of Israel

The Olympic Committee of Israel (Hebrew: הוועד האולימפי בישראל) is the recognized National Olympic Committee (NOC) of Israel, and the governing body of Olympic sports in Israel. The OCI's headquarters is located at the National Sport Center – Tel Aviv.
The OCI counts its foundation as occurring in 1933, when the Olympic Committee of Eretz Israel was founded in the British Mandate for Palestine and subsequently recognized by IOC as the NOC of Eretz Israel. It was, however, controlled exclusively by Maccabi sports organization and oversaw only clubs affiliated to Maccabi, while neither rival Jewish sports organizations and in particular Hapoel, nor non-Jewish sports organizations took part.
Although Eretz Israel was formally invited to participate in the 1936 Olympics in Berlin, it declined the invitation to attend the Games in Nazi Germany. In 1948, shortly after the State of Israel was established, its request to participate in the 1948 Olympics was denied, as the newly formed country wasn't yet recognized by IOC.
The OCI was re-organized in 1951 under joint-leadership of Maccabi and Hapoel, the two major sports organization in the country. According to the agreement of the two organization, there were two presidents, one from each. This arrangement continued until 1967, and since then OCI has only one president.
OCI achieved IOC recognition in early 1952, just in time for Israel's Olympic debut at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki. OCI has sent delegations to all Summer Olympics since then, except for Moscow 1980, which Israel boycotted over the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Israel made its debut at the Winter Olympics in 1994, and has become a regular participant since then.
Between 1954 and 1974 Israel took part in the Asian Games, but political pressure exerted by Arab countries led to Israel's exclusion from the re-organized Olympic Council of Asia in 1981. In the early 1990s Israel was admitted into European sports organizations, and became full member of European Olympic Committees in 1994. Since 1995, Israel has participated in the biannual European Youth Olympic Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18750413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750413" title="Frank Fitzpatrick">
Frank Fitzpatrick

Frank Fitzpatrick (born April 13, 1961 in Detroit, Michigan) is the founder/director of EarthTones, a social entrepreneur, composer and an award-winning music producer for film. He has also worked extensively in other areas of music and entertainment as a record producer, songwriter, and filmmaker. He has focused most of his recent work on integrated media strategies - using popular music and film projects to support arts and health programs along with social awareness campaigns.
Social Entrepreneur/Activism.
Frank has teamed up to create influential projects like: Just Like You – a United Nations sponsored project bringing awareness to the growing handicapped population resulting from weapons of war in the Middle East; Be On Our Way – an awareness and fundraising campaign to help build sustainable homes for victims of Hurricane Katrina, in collaboration with Miramax Films and Brad Pitt's Make It Right Foundation; Yoga Revolution – a CD series and national awareness campaign to help fund yoga and fitness programs for at-risk youth; and Beat the World – an international collaboration between the world's top conscious Hip Hop artists and dance crews spanning over 20 countries.
In 2011, Fitzpatrick attended his first Executive Program at Singularity University at their NASA facility in Mountain View, CA.
In 2012, Fitzpatrick was a Delegate at the Skoll Foundation's annual Skoll World Forum in Oxford, where he was joined by thought leaders, philanthropists and heads of foundations, corporations and governments all gathered to connect and collaborate on new ways to use Social Entrepreneurship to address global challenges.
In 2012, Fitzpatrick helped facilitate Singularity University's inaugural Hollywood Executive Program.
Frank was Master of Ceremony and Creative Director for Yoga For Hope's Los Angeles Inaugural event – co-sponsored by EarthTones and part of City of Hope's national campaign promoting alternative and supportive therapies (music, yoga, meditation) for patients with life-threatening diseases. Frank is currently working on the film Amazing – a co-venture between Shanghai Film Group and the National Basketball Association (NBA), which will help promote NBA-Fit health and fitness clinics for young fans and families throughout China.
Film music.
Fitzpatrick has created the soundtracks for over two-dozen films including: Disney's teen hit "Jump In!", the animated "The Proud Family Movie", Anne Rice penned "Queen of the Damned", David Zucker's record-breaking "Scary Movie 3", the Bill Gates-Steve Jobs' docu-drama "Pirates of Silicon Valley", George Harrison's British comedy "Nuns on the Run", Miramax's "In Too Deep", and Ice Cube's & Chris Tucker's Hip Hop classic "Friday".
Fitzpatrick was named one of the "Top Music Supervisors of the Decade" (1990's) by Variety Magazine. He has contributed to the sale of over 6 million soundtrack albums. He has recorded his own music with orchestras around the world including the China National Symphony Orchestra, the London Symphony Orchestra and the Orchestra National de Venezuela.
In 2009, Fitzpatrick brought together a group of like-minded artists - including Grammy Award winner Van Hunt, New Orleans born rapper Supervision, Buku Wise and singers from the original Hidden Faces - to create the featured song "Be On Our Way" for Tim Story's film Hurricane Season, featuring Forest Whitaker.
In 2010, Frank Fitzpatrick's song Soul Music, performed by Anthony Hamilton, was nominated for a Grammy for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance. The song was the title track for the motion picture Soul Men (Samuel L. Jackson, Bernie Mac and Sharon Leal).
Fitzpatrick produced the original soundtrack for the film , released in 2011 featuring collaborations between KRS-One and K'Naan, Talib Kweli and Sway, Nneka and Ziggy Marley, and Les Nubians and MV Bill.
In 2011, Fitzpatrick composed the score and created an original soundtrack for the film Urban Roots, a documentary from Tree Media following the urban farming phenomenon in his hometown, Detroit.
Fitzpatrick composed the original score and theme songs, as well as produced the soundtrack, featuring Arturo Sandoval and Alpha Diallo, for the Canadian period drama High Chicago, making its debut at the 2012 Pan African Film Festival. He recorded the original score for Amazing, a partnership between Shanghai Film Group and the National Basketball Association (NBA), with the China National Symphony Orchestra featuring lead soprano Ying Huang. His title song from the film, The Kiss (also featuring singer Huang) was performed live as the opening number for the 2012 Shanghai International Film Festival and is expected to be released in the Fall of 2012.
Television music.
Fitzpatrick was the composer and music director for HBO's hit TV series "The Larry Sanders Show", creating the theme and all the original music. He also composed themes and scores for other series including, "The Jeff Foxworthy Show", "Muddling Through", and "High Society".
Songwriter/Record producer.
Fitzpatrick's songwriting and producing credits include Jill Scott, Dave Hollister, K-Ci & JoJo, Les Nubians, Fat Joe, Jazz (Dru Hill), Akil (Jurassic 5), Slimkid3 (The Pharcyde), Brownstone, Public Announcement, Anthony Hamilton, Lina and Siren. His song Jump to the Rhythm (performed by Jordan Pruitt) was released on both Pruitt's debut album, "No Ordinary Girl", on the "Jump In!" Soundtrack, and is featured as the opening song in the 2007 High School Musical Tour. The Sasha & Shawna duet single and Fitzpatrick produced version of Fields of Gold (written by Sting) was featured in the 2007 PBS special "Heavenly Voices".
Frank Fitzpatrick produced the compilation benefit album, "Yoga Revolution", as the first in a series that brings together musical icons and rising kirtan stars to raise funds for yoga and fitness programs for underserved youth. "Yoga Revolution" was released March 30, 2010 through Time Life Records in conjunction with Nettwerk Music and EarthTones, with net proceeds to benefit the Yoga Health Foundation. It features Sting, Peter Gabriel, Sheryl Crow, Seal, Sarah McLachlan, Michael Franti, Angelique Kidjo, Anoushka Shankar, Ziggy Marley, Krishna Das, Deva Premal, Donna De Lory, and others.
A special edition of Yoga Revolution: Music For Hope was released in 2012 in support of City of Hope's Yoga for Hope campaign promoting music, yoga and meditation as alternative therapies for the support and prevention of life threatening diseases (cancer, diabetes and HIV-AIDS)
In 2010, Frank Fitzpatrick's song Soul Music, performed by Anthony Hamilton, was nominated for a Grammy for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance.
Filmmaker.
In 2001 Fitzpatrick directed and produced the short film "Jungle Jazz: Public Enemy #1". Created in the style of a '50's propaganda film, "Jungle Jazz" incorporated rare Soundies film footage from the 1940s into an original story, accompanied by Fitzpatrick's own soundtrack mixing Big Band + Drum and Bass. "Jungle Jazz" premiered at the 2001 Berlin International Film Festival, winning The Silver Bear Award for best Short Film. The film played at several festivals around the world, winning additional awards in Sydney, Sao Paulo, Belo Horizonte, Kansas City and Santa Cruz. In 2007, Fitzpatrick completed his first animated short film "The Rebel Angel".
Socially conscious media.
Founder of the non-profit arts organization EarthTones, Fitzpatrick has created themes and music campaigns for many socially conscious and charitable media projects. These include, "Reflections", (directed by Gina Prince-Bythewood) an AIDS awareness film which premiered on BET and was distributed to high schools throughout the U.S., "Just Like You", a song and video collaboration with Middle Eastern rapper Rayess Bek broadcast as part of a United Nations sponsored peace initiative, and Scenes In "Jazz," a compilation CD and arts awareness campaign which features different artists performing original jazz compositions to support music and arts education programs.
Early career.
Fitzpatrick's professional career began in Ann Arbor and Detroit, Michigan. While attending the University of Michigan's music and business schools, he worked for Eclipse Jazz and Major Events, producers of live shows for the likes of Miles Davis, Ella Fitzgerald, Al Jarreau, Sarah Vaughn, Ray Charles and Prince. Fitzpatrick also performed as a musician (guitar) and hosted his own radio show, Jazz 'Round Midnight on WCBN-FM.
Fitzpatrick relocated to Los Angeles in 1983 to work for record producer Richard Perry of Planet Records' and Studio 55. Productions included the Pointer Sisters' Multi-Platinum "Break Out" album. Fitzpatrick expanded into film music by working as a music editor for the film composer Georges Delerue, going on to co-produce a 3-CD orchestral retrospective of Delerue's film scores entitled, "The London Sessions". Recorded at Abbey Road studios, the collection included "Between You and Me" performed by Carl Anderson and co-written by Fitzpatrick and Delerue as the original title track for Bruce Baresford's "Her Alibi".
In 1989, Fitzpatrick formed the studio group Hidden Faces with writing/producing partner David Kitay. Even though Kitay soon left the group, Fitzpatrick continued to create some of his original soundtracks and recordings under the name Hidden Faces. Hidden Faces can be heard on soundtrack releases for "Nuns on the Run", "Highway to Hell", "Breaking the Rules" and "Friday", as well as the score collection "Pictures in the Dark" and on the more recently released "Best of Hidden Faces".
Yoga.
Frank has studied the healing arts and yoga for over 20 years.  He is a certified yoga instructor (RYT 200) in the Hatha, Bhakti and Tantric traditions, having completed teacher training programs with master teachers Shiva Rea, Max Strom, Jeffrey Armstrong, Saul David Raye and Rod Stryker.
Frank has been a contributing writer for LA Yoga Ayurveda & Health Magazine and has been an advisor to, as well as had his work featured in, Yoga Journal's magazine.  In 2012, Frank was the Program Director and Master of Ceremonies for City of Hope's Inaugural Los Angeles Yoga for Hope Event. Frank is an advocate for the use of Yoga, music and mind-body practices as preventative and supportive care for patients, as well as their loved ones, dealing with life-threatening diseases. He is also a supporter of the integration of Yoga into schools as fitness and wellness programs for youth.

</doc>
<doc id="18750418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750418" title="Alliance of the periphery">
Alliance of the periphery

The Alliance of the periphery or the Periphery doctrine is a foreign policy strategy that called for Israel to develop close strategic alliances with non-Arab Muslim states in the Middle East to counteract the united opposition of Arab states to the existence of Israel. It was developed by David Ben-Gurion, the first Prime Minister of Israel, and employed chiefly towards Turkey, pre-revolutionary Iran and Imperial Ethiopia.
Background.
The Arab-Israeli conflict was seen for many decades as primarily a conflict between Arab states and Israel, rather than a pan-Islamic one. Thus, nations such as Turkey and Iran, which were considered rivals of Arab states for regional dominance, were steadily cultivated by the Israeli government, which sought broader acceptance of its legitimate existence and security from nations in the region as well as seeking a window for future communication, negotiations and normalization of ties with Arab states. The goals of the Israeli government coincided with the policies of the Turkish and Iranian governments of the time. Turkey sought integration with the free-market economies and democracies of Europe, and is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and a candidate for membership in the European Union. The Shah of Iran was a major ally of the United States, which facilitated the dialogue between Israel, Iran and Turkey.
The principle was also applied towards the Kurdish people, who constitute significant minorities in Turkey, Iran, Iraq and Syria. Israeli government officials provided extensive support to Kurdish political parties and their aspirations for greater self-government and even independence. The government of Iraqi Kurdistan has maintained open ties with Israel and is an influential lobby for the establishment of normal diplomatic relations between Israel and Iraq.
Development.
In 1950, both Turkey and Iran became the first and for a long time, the only Muslim states to establish diplomatic relations with Israel. Both Turkey and Iran developed close relations with Israel that involved extensive military cooperation. Israel aided the industrial and military development in Turkey and Iran. During the 1967 Six Day War, Iran supplied Israel with essential oil and petroleum. Israel also made significant progress in achieving normal relations with Ethiopia, Nigeria and India, all nations with significant Muslim populations. After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Israel managed to establish relations with the newly independent Muslim republics of Central Asia such as Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and others. However, Israeli overtures to Indonesia, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Malaysia have been rebuffed by hostile governments.
Unravelling.
The overthrow of the Shah of Iran in 1979 was a major setback for the policy. The Islamic regime of Iran severed relations with Israel, and its leaders such as Ayatollah Khomeini, Ayatollah Khamenei and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have repeatedly called it an "illegal entity" and even advocate its destruction. Even so, according to author Trita Parsi, the doctrine led to a questionable attempts by Israel to establish good relations with the avowidly anti-zionist Islamic Republic of Iran after the Islamic Revolution. Parsi quotes professor David Menashri of Tel Aviv University, "Israel's foremost expert on Iran," as saying, `Throughout the 1980s, no one in Israel said anything about an Iranian threat - the word wasn't even uttered.` 
The rise of the Islamist Justice Development Party of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in the 2000s has led to a steady deterioration in Israeli-Turkish relations. Unlike previous Turkish governments, Erdogan's government has openly condemned Israel's policies towards Palestine and blamed it for the conflict.

</doc>
<doc id="18750423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750423" title="Sjoerd Hamburger">
Sjoerd Hamburger

Sjoerd Hamburger (born 8 February 1983 in Oldeberkoop) is a rower from the Netherlands, who competes in the single scull.
Hamburger was born and raised in Oldeberkoop where he played korfball and was involved in training for triathlons. When he was 18 he moved to Utrecht to study and started rowing in an Eight at the Orca Rowing Club. The Orca Men's Eight won a silver medal at the European Youth Championships that year. In 2003 Hamburger rowed in the Orca Coxed four which came sixth at the World Under-23 Rowing Championships. On the advice of his coach Peter van der Noort, Hamburger started training in the Scull and thanks to a successful performance at the Dutch National Championships he was selected to take part in the World Cup. At the end of the year Hamburger won the bronze medal at the Under-23 World Championships. In December 2004 he was nominated alongside Meindert Klem and Eva de Jong as a Netherlands Talent Athlete. Later that month he became European Ergometer Champion.
In March 2005 Hamburger was recognised as the Netherlands most talented athlete. During the World Cup finals in Luzern he finished in sixth position and during the semi finals he broke the Dutch national record to scull 6:46.32. Two weeks later Hamburger became World Under-23 Champion in Amsterdam. At the Senior World Championships in Japan in September he reached 7th position after winning the B-final. In 2006 Hamburger achieved 8th position in the World, and managed to beat his own Dutch national record. During the first World Cup meeting of 2007 he came sixth in Linz. With a 7th position at the second World Cup in Amsterdam he showed greater stability in his performance. Thanks to a fifth position in the World Cup finals in Luzern Hamburger earned himself a nomination for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The first World Cup of the 2008 season gave Hamburger an 8th spot in Munich. This was followed by a 7th place in the second World Cup in Luzern. After that he went to a training camp in South Korea to prepare for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Hamburger was also a member of the 2009-winning Oxford University Boat Club first eight that won the 155th University Boat Race on 29 March 2009. A year later he became the first non-English speaking foreigner to hold the position of President of the Oxford University Boat Club but was part of the losing crew in the 156th University Boat Race on 3 April 2010. He is one of the tallest rowers ever to have competed in the Boat Race, standing at 206 cm (6 feet 9.1 inches) and weighing 100 kg (15.7 stone). Whilst at Oxford, Hamburger rowed in the Oriel College 1st VIII in Summer Eights, bumping Pembroke College to finish 2nd on the river.

</doc>
<doc id="18750425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750425" title="Arama River (Lunca Mare)">
Arama River (Lunca Mare)

The Arama River is a tributary of the Lunca Mare River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18750428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750428" title="Miller Fisher test">
Miller Fisher test

The Miller Fisher Test (also known as the lumbar tap test) is used to decide whether shunting of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) would be helpful in a patient with normal pressure hydrocephalus (NPH). The test involves removing 50 mL of CSF, after which cognitive function is clinically reassessed. 
Clinical improvement showed a high predictive value for subsequent success with shunting. A "negative" test has a very low predictive accuracy, as many patients may improve after a shunt in spite of lack of improvement after CSF removal.
History.
This is a process that was described by neurologist, Charles Miller Fisher.
References.
This is a nasty process.

</doc>
<doc id="18750429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750429" title="Teodora Mirčić">
Teodora Mirčić

Teodora Mirčić (; born 3 March 1988) is a Serbian tennis player. She has won three singles and 29 doubles titles on the ITF tour, and has also played for the Serbia Fed Cup team.
Personal life.
Teodora Mirčić was born to Miomir and Draginja Mirčić in Belgrade, and also has a brother, Radovan. A great fan of sports, she cites hard as her favourite surface, and Roger Federer and Monica Seles her idols. Mirčić began training tennis aged 8 at Belgrade's tennis club "As". She trained at the Nick Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Bradenton, Florida, and currently resides in Sarasota, Florida.
Tennis career.
Mirčić played her first WTA Tour qualifications in 2005, at Budapest Grand Prix, but the first round. She then earned a wild card for the 2006 Budapest Grand Prix, losing to Kaia Kanepi in the first round. Tsvetana Pironkova defeated her in the first round of the 2008 Budapest Grand Prix in two sets. In 2009, Mirčić played qualifications for two WTA Tour events, Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem and Swedish Open, but fell. At the 2011 Poli-Farbe Budapest Grand Prix, she played singles qualifications, losing to Aleksandra Krunić in the second round, and in the doubles main draw partnering with Laura Pous Tió. The two lost to the first seeds Anabel Medina Garrigues and Alicja Rosolska. Along with Laura Thorpe, Mirčić competed in doubles at the 2011 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo. The two defeated the fourth seeds Sorana Cîrstea and Andreja Klepač in a super tiebreak in the first round. She lost to Karin Knapp in the last round of singles qualifications.
Mirčić joined the Serbia Fed Cup team in 2008, playing with Jelena Janković, Ana Ivanovic and Ana Jovanović against Poland. Ivanovic defeated Urszula Radwańska, and then Janković defeated Agnieszka Radwańska, securing Serbia a place in World Group II. In a match without result importance, Mirčić and Jovanović lost to Klaudia Jans and Alicja Rosolska in straight sets. The same Serbian team played against Croatia. Mirčić lost her singles match, but Janković, Ivanovic and Jovanović defeated their opponents, with Serbia winning the tie 3–2. Mirčić and Jovanović also played a doubles match, but retired by the result 4–1 for Croatian team. Mirčić has not played in Fed Cup since.

</doc>
<doc id="18750443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750443" title="Imiqqutailaqtuuq Islands">
Imiqqutailaqtuuq Islands

The uninhabited Imiqqutailaqtuuq Islands are located in Roes Welcome Sound, closer to the mainland than Southampton Island. The island group is a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18750450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750450" title="A Bad Goodbye">
A Bad Goodbye

"A Bad Goodbye" is the title of a song written by American country music artist Clint Black, and recorded by him as a duet with fellow country music singer Wynonna. The song was recorded after the two toured together during their "Black and Wy" tour in 1993. It was released in May 1993 as the first single to Black's album "No Time to Kill". It peaked at #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. In addition, it was Black's first appearance on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at #43 there.
The song was also nominated for Vocal Event of the Year at the 1993 Academy of Country Music awards.
Critical reception.
In his review of Black's album, "Time" magazine reviewer Christopher John Farley noted that Judd's voice "draws out an emotional edge" in Black's voice. Overall, he thought that the collaboration added an edge to "No Time to Kill" that Black's first three albums lacked. Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling the lyrics "direct, moving and majestic." She goes on to say that the song has "'single of the year' written all over it."
The song followed a "Black & Wy" tour, which featured Judd and Black touring together.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Peter Nydrle and premiered in May 1993.
Chart positions.
"A Bad Goodbye" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 15, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18750458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750458" title="John Henry Weber">
John Henry Weber

John Henry Weber (1779–1859) was an American fur trader and explorer. Weber was active in the early years of the fur trade, exploring territory in the Rocky Mountains and areas in the current state of Utah. 
Weber was born in the German-speaking community of Altona, which was in Danish territory at that time; the community is today part of Germany. Weber immigrated to the United States where he was hired by the U.S. army ordnance department to keep records at government owned lead mines at Sainte Genevieve, Missouri. He became acquainted with William Henry Ashley and Andrew Henry who conducted the beaver trade in the drainage of the Upper Missouri River. Weber joined a Rocky Mountain Fur Company expedition which departed St. Louis, Missouri in the spring of 1822. Other trappers in this group included: Jim Bridger, David Jackson, Jedediah Smith, Thomas Fitzpatrick, Hugh Glass, James Clyman, Daniel T. Potts, and Milton Sublette. This was the first party of American trappers to cross the continental divide. 
Upon reaching the mouth of the Yellowstone River, the company divided into two independent brigades, with Weber serving in a leadership position. During the summer of 1824, Weber's brigade crossed South Pass and the Green River Valley and descended into the Bear River region in time for a fall hunt. As winter approached, the company journeyed to Bear Lake, then to the Bear River's northern bend and finally south into what is today Utah’s Cache Valley. The brigade spent the winter of 1824-25 on Cub Creek near present-day Cove, Utah. While in Cache Valley, the group discussed the possible course and ultimate outlet of the Bear River. According to his own account, the young Bridger was selected to settle the question by floating down the river. For many years Bridger was credited for the discovery of the Great Salt Lake. More recent evidence suggests that Canadian-American Etienne Provost and his trapping party, working out of Taos in Mexican territory, visited the southern edge of the inland sea earlier in the same winter.
The following spring Weber's brigade traveled throughout extreme southeastern Idaho and northern Utah. A portion of the brigade, under the leadership of Johnson Gardner, confronted Peter Skene Ogden, the leader of Hudson's Bay Company's Snake Country Expedition near present-day Mountain Green, Utah. Gardner insisted that they were in United States territory. Ogden countered that the area in contention was under joint occupation. During the incident, Gardner was able to lure a number of men, many of them Canadian Iroquois, away from their British employer by offering higher prices for their furs. The reduction in force led Ogden to retrace his steps back to HBC's "Flathead House" near Flathead Lake in modern Montana. That summer, Weber and his brigade were at the first rendezvous held in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, near present McKinnon, just north of the Utah border.
Weber's remaining mountain years are less well documented; however, he spent the winter of 1825-26 in the Salt Lake Valley after Ashley's men were forced by severe winter weather to move their winter quarters from Cache Valley. It appears that Utah’s Weber River was christened during this winter camp. This place-name gave rise to the modern names of Utah’s Weber Canyon, Weber County and Weber State University.
Weber attended the rendezvous of 1826 in Cache Valley and left the fur trade, and the west, shortly thereafter. However, some accounts confuse John Henry Weber with a trapper named John Weber who was killed by Indians in the winter of 1828-29. Weber spent the remainder of his life in the American Midwest, first returning to Sainte Genevieve and his former position as recorder with the mines. By 1833 Weber was assistant superintendent of government mines in Galena, Illinois, and served briefly as superintendent until his retirement in 1840. Weber moved to Bellevue, Iowa where he died in 1859.
Pronunciation.
The proper pronunciation of Weber's surname, "Weeber" or "Webber", has been debated. In the American East and Midwest, where Weber spent most of his life, the name is pronounced as Webber. This is substantiated by Warren Angus Ferris' map of the fur trade era in which he gives the name of the Weber River as "Webber's Fork." However, references by other fur trappers, such as Osborne Russell and Daniel Potts, give credence to the long vowel sound. The long vowel pronunciation is used in all Utah place names.

</doc>
<doc id="18750463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750463" title="Marina Petrella">
Marina Petrella

Marina Petrella (born 23 August 1954) is a former member of the terrorist Italian left wing group the Red Brigades.
Biography.
A former school teacher in the middle of the 1970s she joined a terrorist group named the Brigate Rosse. Together with her husband, Luigi Novelli, she was arrested twice. However she was not jailed because a verdict was not reached in time.
In 1993 she left Italy to avoid arrest following her conviction for the killing of a policeman, various attempted murders and other minor offenses. She moved to Paris where, thanks to the Mitterrand doctrine, she started a new life. She was arrested by the French, but the government of Nicolas Sarkozy announced that Petrella would not be extradited to Italy on medical grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18750472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750472" title="Roland Passot">
Roland Passot

French-born chef Roland Passot, owner of the La Folie and the more casual, Left Bank Brasseries, was named one of "the eight wonders of Bay Area dining" by San Francisco Chronicle lead critic Michael Bauer.
Early life and career.
Passot was born in 1955 in Villefranche-sur-Saône, in France's Rhône-Alpes. He is a classically trained French chef, having attended cooking school in Lyon while beginning as an assistant, at age fourteen, in the city's Léon de Lyon restaurant under Chef Paul Lacombe, and then Pierre Orsi Restaurant. After Passot rose to the rank of assistant sous-chef at Léon de Lyon, Jean Banchet (who Passot considers his most important influence) recruited him in 1979 to work at Le Francais in Wheeling, Illinois (near Chicago, Illinois | Chicago), then sent him in 1981 to open the French Room at the Adolphus Hotel in Dallas, Texas (He was fired from the French Room after getting into a shouting match with its maitre d'). In between, he opened Le Castel in San Francisco.
Restaurants.
Passot opened La Folie on Polk Street in 1988, with his wife Jamie and brother Georges. A small brasserie in the Polk Gulch section of the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, it opened at a cost of $45,000 with no outside investors. His wife conceived the name, which means "craziness" or "folly" in French, referring to the difficulty of opening a new establishment in San Francisco's competitive restaurant scene. Still a family business, his brother serves as sommelier, and his wife as General Manager.
Instantly successful, La Folie steadily gained in reputation and refinement until by 2000 it was one of only several restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area, California, to earn a "four star" review from the San Francisco Chronicle, from the city's most recognized food critic. It still had that distinction as of 2008. In 2013, the La Folie was still serving Foie Gras in violation of a July 2012 California Law that bans the sale of Foie Gras. The law was passed due to the cruelty producers inflict on the ducks. Avoiding "fusion" influences, the establishment is a conventional contemporary French restaurant, with classic French use of stocks and sauces but lighter than traditional French and with attention to local ingredients.
Despite the restaurant's renown it was not significantly profitable due to small size, low number of "turns", and high ingredient and operation cost (with 24 employees for 60-70 seats, and 2 to 3 hour reservation slots at an average "tab" of $75 per guest, it grossed only $1.7 million in 1998). In 1994, with partner Ed Levine, a Stanford Business School graduate who had been CFO of the Il Fornaio chain, Passot opened the much larger (220 seat) Left Bank restaurant in Larkspur, California, as a more casual alternative to La Folie. The second Left Bank opened in Menlo Park, California in 1998, and then San Jose in 2003. Left Banks are warm, vibrant brasseries offering quality French inspired cuisine. The restaurants serve a style of home-style cooking Passot calls "Cuisine Grand-mere". In 2009 the Left Bank restaurant group opened LB Steak, a modern American Steakhouse, in San Jose's premier Santana Row. LB Steak is a casually elegant American Steakhouse reflecting the distinctive charm of Santana Row's surroundings and neighbors. Featuring USDA Prime Beef, they are known for a diverse selection of 10 prime steaks and Sunday night Prime Rib dinners.
Influence and awards.
In style, Passot favors contemporary French cuisine, avoiding fusion, molecular gastronomy, and new devices or techniques such as sous vide. Passot has a reputation for hiring and mentoring young academy-trained chefs. A number of successful restaurant chefs credit Passot as a mentor, or as inspiration, including Richard Reddington, the Michelin starred Chef of REDD in Yountville, CA. Jeffrey Russell, Executive Chef at The Grand America Hotel in Salt Lake City, Trey Foshee of George’s at the Cove in La Jolla, California, and Michael Kramer, formerly of McCrady’s Restaurant in Charleston, South Carolina and (as of 2008) of Voice Restaurant in Houston, Texas
In 1991 Passot was inducted into the Maitres Cuisiniers de France. His restaurant won the Zagat Survey awards for "Best Food" and "Best Nouvelle French restaurant" in 1998, and "Best French restaurant" in San Francisco, in 2002. He also earned a James Beard Award as "best rising star chef" of 1980, and other "best" designations and awards from USA Today, Food & Wine Magazine, Gourmet magazine, Gault Millau, and SF Weekly. In 2001 the French Government awarded him the "Chevalier dans l’Ordre du Mèrite Agricole".
A local caviar producer, Tsar Nicoulai, has named a product after him.
Personal life.
Passot met his wife, Jamie, when she was working at the Four Seasons Resort in Irving, Texas. Known for being gregarious and social, Passot is a frequent participant in cooking shows and demonstrations, charity events, and television appearances. After gaining weight from the stress of managing his restaurants, he lost 60 pounds by eliminating alcohol, sugar, and starches from his diet.

</doc>
<doc id="18750498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750498" title="Adelborg">
Adelborg

Adelborg is a Swedish noble family, which consists of two different lines. The older main line is descended from the burgher and brewer in Gothenburg Anders Eriksson, who died before February 1688. His son was the customs controller in Helsingborg Lars Andersson Borgh, who died 1719. His grandsons were the adjutant and later Captain Eric Otto Borgh (1741-1787) and his older brother Johan Borgh (1736-1805), who were ennobled 13 September 1772 at Stockholm Palace by King Gustavus III of Sweden with the name Adelborg, and were introduced 9 May 1776 at Riddarhuset as noble family number 2090.
The younger, non-related line is descended from the yard bailiff Lars Joensson in Långåker in Fredsberg. His son was the mountain bailiff Peter Larsson Borgh (1651-1692). His great-grandson Johan Aron Borgh (1742-28 September 1785), was ennobled at the same time as the above mentioned brothers, 13 September 1772 with the same name and was introduced at Riddarhuset the same day as them, but died childless, making his line extinct.
The main line is of the same origin as the extinct noble Swedish family Borg, number 1570.

</doc>
<doc id="18750532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750532" title="Candace Chapman">
Candace Chapman

Candace Marie Margaret Chapman (born 2 April 1983, in Port of Spain) is a Trinidad and Tobago-born, Canadian soccer defender from Ajax, Ontario, who is currently playing for the Washington Spirit in National Women's Soccer League and is a member of the Canadian national team.
Early life.
Chapman was born in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago. She is a graduate of the University of Notre Dame with majors in sociology and computer applications.
Club career.
After being named as a discovery player by the Boston Breakers of WPS on 16 January 2009, she played with them for the 2009 season. She subsequently agreed to terms with FC Gold Pride for the 2010 season. Following Gold Pride's folding, she signed for Western New York Flash, where she played the 2011 season along with fellow Canadian and national team captain Christine Sinclair.
In February, 2013, Chapman joined Washington Spirit in the new National Women's Soccer League. Because she holds US permanent residency, she was not subject to the league's limit on international players.
International career.
On 6 August 2008, Chapman scored the first point in the first event at the 2008 Summer Olympics with her goal against Argentina in the 27th minute in Tianjin, China.
Chapman received her 100th cap against Mexico on 27 January 2012. The game ended in a 3–1 victory for Canada. She won an Olympic bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics when Canada defeated France 1–0 on 9 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18750535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750535" title="Yondani Butt">
Yondani Butt

Yondani C. C. Butt is an orchestral conductor. He was born in Macao of Chinese parentage. He studied music at Indiana University and the University of Michigan. He also has a PhD in chemistry, on which subject he has published numerous research papers, particularly on polyene photochemistry.He studied conducting with Wolfgang Vacano (1906-1985) at Indiana University, majoring in chemistry. He continued to study conducting with Josef Blatt (1906-1999) at the University of Michigan while pursuing his chemistry degree.
As founder of Symphonie Canadiana, he has led the orchestra on major tours throughout North America. Since 1983, he has held the position of Resident Conductor of the Victoria International Festival, creating the Concerti Extravaganza series, for which he conducted more than 23 concertos in six weeks. Butt has recorded and performed in the US, Canada, Latin America, Asia and Europe. He has led the Philharmonia Orchestra of London, London Symphony Orchestra, Royal Philharmonic, the American Symphony (with which he performed a Brahms cycle in New York), Hamilton Philharmonic of Canada, Orquesta Sinfónica del Estado de Mexico, Singapore Symphony, Seoul Philharmonic, Japan Gunma Symphony and Het Gelders Orkest, amongst many others. Works he has recorded included the First Symphony of Mahler, the Glazunov Third, the Saint-Saëns Second, and much more.
In 1995, Yondani Butt received an MRA Gramophone Award in the Symphony category for his recording of Glazunov’s Sixth Symphony. He had won the same Award in 1986 for his interpretation of Rimsky-Korsakov's Third Symphony. Yondani Butt’s recording of Glazunov's Third Symphony is recognized by the Glazunov Society as definitive, and earned him the title of Honorary Patron of the Society. His extensive discography includes works by Elgar, Glière, Grieg, Kodály, Lalo, Liszt, Mahler, Raff, Saint-Saëns, Sibelius and Richard Strauss.  His recording of Goldmark's Rustic Wedding Symphony featured in the Classical Charts and was a Gramophone Magazine Critics’ Choice. 
In the early 2000s, Yondani Butt suffered damage to his vocal chords, and retired from conducting. However, in 2009 he returned to the podium, working with the London Symphony Orchestra to record many of the Austro-German classics, including Beethoven, Brahms, Schumann and Wagner, as well as works by Tchaikovsky, and a disc of French Classics.
Yondani Butt is also a composer. He studied free counterpoint and composition with Bernard Heiden (1910-2000). In Indiana, Yondani Butt studied piano with Sidney Foster, a protégé of Isabelle Vengerova and David Saperton at the Curtis Institute. In Michigan, he studied ensemble with Eugene Bossart (1917-2011) and piano with Karen Keys. 

</doc>
<doc id="18750536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750536" title="Xu Tianlongzi">
Xu Tianlongzi

Xu Tianlongzi (; born January 11, 1991) is a female Chinese swimmer. A native of Yantai, Shandong, she competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750577" title="David Wills">
David Wills

David Wills may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18750579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750579" title="Geert Cirkel">
Geert Cirkel

Geert Cirkel (born 20 October 1978 in Dordrecht) is a rower from the Netherlands.
Cirkel started rowing in 1994. He mainly rows in the fours and occasionally participates in the quadruple sculls. In the quadruple sculls he won a silver medal at the 2001 World Championships in Luzern. In 2003 he quit rowing competitively, but after a two year stop he returned to the sport in 2005, starting in the fours. In the Luzern World Cup he and his team mates finished in second position and they got the same result and a silver medal at the World Championships in Gifu. In 2006 he got a second place in Luzern and a third place in Munich during World Cups as well as a bronze medal at the World Championships in Eton.
After two silver medals at the Linz and Amsterdam World Cups in 2007 he added a gold in Luzern. At the World Championships that year in Munich he won another bronze medal. With a World Cup win in Poznan and a second place in Luzern in 2008, Cirkel, alongside Jan-Willem Gabriëls, Matthijs Vellenga and Gijs Vermeulen qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in the fours.

</doc>
<doc id="18750601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750601" title="David Willis">
David Willis

David Willis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18750606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750606" title="Phil King (cricketer)">
Phil King (cricketer)

Benjamin Philip King, known as Phil King (22 April 1915 – 31 March 1970) was an English cricketer who played 117 first-class matches either side of the Second World War, first for Worcestershire, and then – despite his Yorkshire birthplace – for Lancashire. He was capped by Worcestershire in 1938, and by Lancashire in 1946.
King made a quiet first-class debut for Worcestershire against Northamptonshire in August 1935, scoring just 3 in his only innings.
He appeared twice more that season, though did nothing of note, and although he played 20 games in 1936 and 1937 he made only two half-centuries: 51 not out against Surrey in July 1936
and 50* versus Essex the following month.
1938 was a considerably more successful summer for King. He passed a thousand runs for the first time, hitting 1,178 at an average of 22.65, and scoring his maiden century, 104 against Kent at Tonbridge in June.
He also made 124 against Hampshire at Worcester later in the season.
On this occasion, he reached his hundred before lunch.
Although King just failed to repeat the thousand in 1939, hitting 974 runs, he scored another two hundreds that summer.
In early July he took over the gloves from George Abell during the match against Surrey, and effected five dismissals.
King was named as wicket-keeper in four other matches that year.
When first-class cricket resumed after the war, King offered to return to Worcestershire on condition he was paid one pound for every run over a thousand he scored, but the county refused to accept.
Instead, he moved to Lancashire, for whom he had a successful 1946. He scored 1,145 runs at almost 31, and again struck two centuries. The higher of these was the career-best 145 he made versus Gloucestershire in May; he scored a hundred runs before lunch on the third day, having begun the morning on 34*.
King's final season of 1947 was not particularly successful: he made only 360 runs in 17 innings and passed 50 just twice. After that he retired from playing and took a position as a cricket and rugby league columnist with the "People" newspaper. In this role he twice accompanied the Great Britain team to Australia, and he was preparing for a third such tour when his life was claimed by a heart attack at the early age of 54.

</doc>
<doc id="18750611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750611" title="Zarakes">
Zarakes

Zarakes () is a village in the Dystos municipality of Euboea, Greece. Its population was 707 according to the last census (2011). 
The municipal department of the same name (Δημοτικό Διαμέρισμα Ζαράκων) comprises Zarakes proper, Zarakon Beach and Mahalas old village.
In historical times, Zarakes was called "Zaretra" (Ζάρετρα or Ζάρητρα).
Attractions in Zarakes include:

</doc>
<doc id="18750635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750635" title="Do You Know (Jessica Simpson album)">
Do You Know (Jessica Simpson album)

Do You Know is the sixth studio album by American singer Jessica Simpson. The album was released on September 9, 2008, in the United States by a joint-venture between Columbia Nashville and Epic Records. The album is her first effort in an attempt to cross over to country music. Songwriter Brett James produced the album along with John Shanks. The album debuted at #1 in the "Billboard" Country Charts and at #4 in the "Billboard" 200 with sales of 65,000.
Background.
After the release of her 2006 pop album "A Public Affair", Simpson stated she wanted to go back to her roots and do country music because she "has been brought up around country music", and wants to give something back. Simpson had already sung country themed songs previous like "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'". She started her country move by appearing in the music video for "You Don't Think I'm Funny Anymore", by country legend Willie Nelson. She then went to Nashville to start recording her album.
Composition.
The album opens with the first single "Come On Over" was co-written by country music artist Rachel Proctor, Victoria Banks and Simpson herself. The lyrics of the uptempo single focus on the narrator's paramour. Simpson said, "The fun thing about the song is that anxiety of wanting the guy to come over right then and there. Everybody's felt that before." The next song "Remember That" was co-written by country music writers Rachel Proctor and Victoria Banks. The lyrics of the single focus on a history of anger, violence and the strength that it takes for the victim to leave the abuser.
In "Remember That" she sings, “It doesn’t matter how he hurts you / With his hands or with his words / You don’t deserve it / It ain’t worth it / Take your heart and run.” The third track of the album, "Pray Out Loud" is a mid-tempo song in the key of B major backed with acoustic guitar. The fourth song "You're My Sunday" is a moderate up-tempo song in the key of G minor backed by electric guitar, written by Simpson, Luke Laird, Hillary Lindsey. "Sipping on History" is a love ballad in the key of B major backed primarily by an acoustic guitar. The sixth track, "Still Beautiful" is a moderate up-tempo song in the key of B major backed primarily by steel guitar. The seventh track, "Still Don't Stop Me" is a ballad in the key of E major about a love gone bad, driven by acoustic guitar and percussion. "When I Loved You Like That" the eighth track is an up-tempo song in the key of A major backed by electric and steel guitars and percussion. "Might as Well Be Making Love" track number nine, is a country-pop ballad in the key of F major driven primarily by acoustic guitar with steel guitar fills. "Man Enough" is an uptempo country in the key of A major song backed primarily by electric guitar, banjo, and steel guitar."Do You Know" is a moderate up-tempo song written by Jessica and Dolly Parton.
Critical reception.
The album was given a score of 58 out of 100 from Metacritic, indicating "mixed or average reviews" from music critics.
Simpson's hometown paper, the "Dallas Morning News", rated it a C+, saying, "How much should we expect from Jessica Simpson's country music debut CD? If your answer is not much, then you won't be disappointed." "Entertainment Weekly" also awarded the album a C+, and, while acknowledging the quality of the writers associated with the project, offered this conclusion: "And though teaming up with frequent Carrie Underwood songwriter Hillary Lindsey for five tracks was a savvy move, we already have a Carrie Underwood, honey...and she probably turned these songs down." The "Boston Herald" said the effort "represents the worst in a genre that's come to deify Michael Bolton schmaltz while kicking Hank Williams' legacy to the curb," and awarded it a grade of D.
Joey Guerra of the "Houston Chronicle" felt that the album "lacks pizazz," and that, although "Simpson co-wrote several of the other tunes ... there's almost no emotional spark or sense of connection." The "Fort Worth Star-Telegram", rating the album only two stars (out of five), questioned how Simpson could "squander the talents of Dolly Parton? The pair's title-track duet is an oversung misfire." The "Miami Herald"s Howard Cohen, in another two star review, concluded that Simpson failed to make a good country album, and instead made one that is "undistinguished" and "forgettable".
The "Los Angeles Times" gave the effort 2.5 stars (out of four), saying "Her struggle is most striking on the title track, written by Dolly Parton, who shows up to harmonize with Simpson ... The gap between novice and master couldn't be clearer."
Slant Magazine awarded only 1.5 stars (of five), saying Simpson "operates in precisely three modes as a singer: a mewling, whispered coo; a nasal, dead-eyed middle volume; and belting glory notes at full volume with a strangled, unappealing tone." Allmusic seemed to share Slant's view of Simpson's vocal skills, finding her performance "unfailingly listless no matter how many theatrical gestures she attempts to cram in her big boring ballad."
Awarding only one star, "Las Vegas Weekly" found the album to be filled with "tiresome ballads" performed with "no tooth, no gut, just monotony and palpable disinterest; even Jessica Simpson sounds bored with Jessica Simpson." The "Worcester Telegram", while awarding 2 stars, was less charitable, finding that "Simpson sounds, at best, like a cat being tasered."
One of the few exceptions, the "New York Post" said that "she's created an album where she consistently shows off her full-bodied voice with solid, yet simple tunes that don't overthink the music." and ""Do You Know" is the CD's best song and the one that is bound to earn her a country Grammy in February." Also, "Country Weekly" magazine gave a three-star rating out of five, with critic Chris Neal saying that although Simpson seemed to be "trying a little too hard" on some songs, the album was "solid pop-country fare with a lyrical emphasis on sensuality and self-esteem."
Chart performance.
Despite selling only 65,000 copies in its first week, "Do You Know" debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200, but fell rapidly, dropping out of that list in only nine weeks. At the same time, it dropped rapidly out of the top twenty on the Country Albums Chart, where it had held the top spot for only one week. Overall, the album has dramatically underperformed compared to the sales of Simpson's previous album, which was also widely regarded as a commercial flop. As of early 2012, it has sold 350,000 copies in the United States. Worldwide has sold over 800.000 copies so far.
Promotion.
Simpson made many promotional appearances to show her country crossover. She appeared in the Willie Nelson "You Don't Think I'm Funny Anymore" video. Upon the release of her debut single, Simpson has been on many country radio stations promoting the record. On June 25, she performed 'Come on Over' on the U.S talk show "The View", and also appeared on "The View" again in September, performing "Remember That". She has made appearances and has performed at country festivals such as the Country Thunder Festival, Monterey County Fair, Palms Casino Resort. She has also promoted the album on television with performances at the Grand Ole Opry, on "Good Morning America", "Late Show with David Letterman" and on "Rachael Ray" and "The Early Show". On September 30, she performed on "Dancing with the Stars". On November 19, Simpson appeared on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". On February 11, Simpson appeared on "The Early Show" live from Nashville to announce the nominations for the Academy of Country Music Awards, She also performed her 3rd single "Pray Out Loud". It was announced that Simpson would be supporting the Rascal Flatts on tour this January as they continue their final leg of their "Bob That Head Tour". The tour kicks off on January 17, 2009 in Kansas City, Missouri running over 20 shows ending on March 14, 2009 in Irvine, California. She has also stated that her clothing line, the Jessica Simpson Collection, will be designing country clothing.
Singles.
Her debut country single, "Come on Over" was sent to radio on May 27, 2008. It was received with positive reviews. The single debuted at #41, a record high for a first charting song by a solo artist on the Hot Country Songs chart, and peaking at #18. The single was released to digital downloads on June 24, 2008, along with the physical release in July 2008. The second single, "Remember That", was released in October, and peaked at #42 on the Hot Country Songs chart and third single "Pray Out Loud" failed to chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18750636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750636" title="Radio Noon">
Radio Noon

Radio Noon is the name of CBC Radio One's regional noon-hour programs in the Canadian provinces of Manitoba, Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador. It was formerly the name of all of the network's noon programs, regardless of location, although many of the programs have since adopted new names such as "Maritime Noon", "BC Almanac" and "Ontario Today".
Each province has its own "Radio Noon" program, which is produced by the network's primary station in the province but airs provincewide. All of the programs follow roughly the same format, with interviews for the first half-hour followed by a half-hour phone-in segment.
Manitoba.
"Radio Noon" in Manitoba is produced at the studios of CBW in Winnipeg, and is hosted by Marilyn Maki.
Newfoundland and Labrador.
Produced at the studios of CBN in St. John's, the Newfoundland and Labrador edition is hosted by Ramona Dearing.
Quebec.
CBME in Montreal produces the Quebec edition of "Radio Noon". Formerly hosted by Anne Lagacé Dowson, who took a leave from the network to run as a candidate in the Westmount—Ville-Marie by-election, the program's current host is Bernard St-Laurent.

</doc>
<doc id="18750638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750638" title="Wang Qun">
Wang Qun

Wang Qun (born 1991-11-17 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750668" title="List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Short Story winners">
List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Short Story winners

Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Short Story:

</doc>
<doc id="18750671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750671" title="East Iroquoia Falls">
East Iroquoia Falls

East Iroquoia Falls is a 20 metre horsetail ribbon waterfall found in the "Iroquioa Heights Conservation Area" in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, West Iroquoia Falls, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Tiffany Falls Conservation Area, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Golf Course.
Directions.
Follow Highway 403 up the hill towards Ancaster. This waterfall is located between the Lincoln Alexander Parkway exit and Aberdeen Avenue exit on the Escarpment face.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18750677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750677" title="Eristalinus taeniops">
Eristalinus taeniops

Distribution.
Portugal, Spain and around the Mediterranean, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, North Africa, The Canary Islands, The Caucasus, Eastern
parts of Afrotropical region to South Africa, Nepal Northern Pakistan and Northern India, Iran. Introduced to Parts of North America (California and Florida).
See also.
Photos of Californian specimens

</doc>
<doc id="18750679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750679" title="Polish census of 1921">
Polish census of 1921

The Polish census of 1921 or First General Census in Poland () was the first census in the Second Polish Republic, performed on September 30, 1921 by the Main Bureau of Statistics (Główny Urząd Statystyczny).
It was followed by the Polish census of 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18750687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750687" title="Li Zhesi">
Li Zhesi

Li Zhesi (; born 1995-08-07 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
In June 2012, the Chinese Anti-Doping Agency announced Li tested positive for the performance-enhancing drug erythropoietin (EPO). She was dropped from the Olympic team. 

</doc>
<doc id="18750690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750690" title="Polish census of 1931">
Polish census of 1931

The Polish census of 1931 or Second General Census in Poland () was the second census taken in Poland, performed on December 9, 1931 by the Main Bureau of Statistics. It established that Poland's population amounted to over 32 million people (over 5 millions more than in the previous census of 1921). 
The census was organised following the rules established by an act of the Polish Parliament of October 14, 1931. In contrast to earlier census of 1921, the 1931 census did not count national minorities and detailed information on types of farms, leaving only the question of the overall area of land owned by the citizen. The part related to education was expanded to include questions of ability to read and write. 
The results of the census were being published in 39 volumes between 1936 and 1939 in a publishing series "Statistics of Poland". A list of all settlements in Poland was also prepared, but only a part related to Wilno Voivodeship was published. 
Results.
The allocation of the Polish, German and other population is by the primary language spoken. Jews are given by religion. Most Jews spoke Yiddish, however included with the Jews are 372,000 Polish speakers who are sometimes classified with the Polish group. Included with the Poles are 984,000 Eastern Orthodox & Greek Catholic adherents who are sometimes classified with the Ukrainian and Belarusian groups.
Nationality question and criticism.
Veracity of the census' results has been questioned already in the 1930s, particularly in the part related to national minorities. Contrary to expectations on the side of national minorities themselves, the census used the concept of mother tongue and religion to classify the respondents, rather than nationality. The 1921 census had included a nationality question which was replaced in the 1931 census by the "mother tongue" question; this change was protested by Ukrainians and Jews, many of whom were bilingual or trilingual. Moreover, many Jews considered Polish to be their mother tongue. 
This situation created a difficulty in establishing the true number of non-Polish citizens of Poland. Some authors used the language
criterion to establish the actual number of minorities, which left Belarusians seriously under-represented, as over 707,000 people declared they speak "local" rather than any other language. Other authors used approximation based on both language and declared religion. After World War II in Soviet bloc countries the interpretation of the census was used for political purposes, to underline the officially-supported thesis that pre-war Poland owned areas where non-Polish population made up the majority of inhabitants. For this purpose some authors combined all non-Polish speakers in South-Eastern Poland (namely Ukrainians, Belarusians, Rusyns, Hutsuls, Lemkos, Boykos and Poleszuks) into one category of "Ruthenians". 
Some authors explain that the change in questions asked by the census officials was due to Polish government's wish to minimise the presence of minorities and represented an attempt to maximize the effects of a decade of educational policies stressing the Polish language. Tadeusz Piotrowski called the 1931 census
official but "unreliable", noting that it had underestimated the number of non-Poles, and that in particular, Poles were not a majority in the
Nowogródek Voivodeship and Polesie Voivodeship.
After World War II the pre-war chairman of the Polish census statistical office, Edward Szturm de Sztrem, while living under Communist rule, stated that the returns had indeed been tampered with at the executive level, particularly in the east and south-east, although the extent of any possible tampering remains unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18750706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750706" title="List of football clubs in Ghana">
List of football clubs in Ghana

This is a list of football clubs in Ghana.
References.
1. club-soccer.com 

</doc>
<doc id="18750710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750710" title="Fang Yanqiao">
Fang Yanqiao

Fang Yanqiao (born 18 January 1989 in Beijing) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750731" title="Holy Barbarians">
Holy Barbarians

Holy Barbarians may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18750748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750748" title="Jan-Willem Gabriëls">
Jan-Willem Gabriëls

Jan-Willem Gabriëls (born January 21, 1979 in Amsterdam) is a rower from the Netherlands.
Gabriëls started rowing in 1997. He started rowing in the eights, but after the 2004 Summer Olympics he switched to the fours. His career highlight so far was in Athens in 2004 during these Summer Olympics where he won the silver medal in the eights together with Michiel Bartman, Geert-Jan Derksen, Gerritjan Eggenkamp, Daniël Mensch, Diederik Simon, Matthijs Vellenga, Gijs Vermeulen and Chun Wei Cheung.
After the Olympics Gabriëls, Vellenga, Vermeulen and Geert Cirkel started a new mission on the road to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the fours. Their formation was successful straight away with a second place in the 2005 Luzern World Cup as well as the World Championships in Gifu that year. In 2006 they got another second place in Luzern and a third in Munich. In Eton where the World Championships were held they won another bronze medal. They were the team to beat in 2007 after winning the World Cup in Luzern and becoming second in both Amsterdam and Linz. However at the 2007 World Championships in Munich they had to be satisfied with another bronze medal. With a World Cup win in Poznan and a second place in Luzern in 2008, they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750763" title="Sadocuțu River">
Sadocuțu River

The Sadocuțu River is a tributary of the Lunca Mare River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18750766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750766" title="Chronological summary of the 2008 Summer Olympics">
Chronological summary of the 2008 Summer Olympics

This page contains a chronological summary of major events from the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
August 6.
Football
August 7.
Football
August 8.
Equestrian
Day 1: August 9.
Archery
Boxing
Fencing
Judo
Shooting
Swimming
Weightlifting

</doc>
<doc id="18750776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750776" title="Kevin Karplus">
Kevin Karplus

Kevin Karplus is a professor at University of California, Santa Cruz, currently in the Biomolecular Engineering Department.
He is probably best known for work he did as a computer science graduate student at Stanford University on the Karplus-Strong string synthesis algorithm.
He taught VLSI design and computer engineering for several years, helping create the Computer Engineering Department at University of California, Santa Cruz. He made some contributions to VLSI CAD, particularly to logic minimization, where he invented the if-then-else DAG (a generalization of the binary decision diagram) and a canonical form for it, before switching to protein structure prediction and bioinformatics in 1995.
He has participated in CASP (Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction) since CASP2 in 1996, and has been invited to present papers at CASP2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8.
He served on the Board of Directors for the International Society for Computational Biology January 2005—Jan 2011.
Karplus has long been a bicycle advocate. In 1994, the League of American Bicyclists gave him the Phyllis W. Harmon Volunteer-of-the-Year Award.
In 2001, he was given a Lifetime Achievement Award by Santa Cruz County Regional Transportation Commission for long standing commitment to improving bicycle transportation in Santa Cruz County.
He was also one of the founding members of People Power, a bicycle advocacy group in Santa Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="18750790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750790" title="West Iroquoia Falls">
West Iroquoia Falls

West Iroquoia Falls is a 22 metre high terraced ribbon waterfall found at the "Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area" in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, East Iroquoia Falls, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Tiffany Falls Conservation Area, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Golf Course.
Directions.
Follow Highway 403 up the hill towards Ancaster. This waterfall is located between Lincoln Alexander Parkway exit and Aberdeen Avenue exit on the Escarpment face.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18750791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750791" title="Gheorghe Matei River">
Gheorghe Matei River

The Gheorghe Matei River is a tributary of the Sadocuțu River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18750792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750792" title="Ellie Krieger">
Ellie Krieger

Ellie Krieger, born September 26, 1965, is the host of a show on the Food Network called "Healthy Appetite". She is also an author and has written several books on healthy eating.
Biography.
Krieger was a fashion model during her late teens and early 20s for the Wilhelmina Models agency. As a model she became conscientious of what she was eating, so during this time, she changed her eating habits to be healthier.
Krieger has a bachelor's degree in clinical nutrition from Cornell University, and has a master's in nutrition from Columbia University. Krieger is a registered dietitian and nutritionist and was an adjunct professor at New York University in the Department of Nutrition, Food Studies, and Public Health.
Krieger contributes to magazines such as "Cooking Light", "Food Network Magazine" and "Women's Health Magazine". Additionally she maintains her own blog.
Krieger has her own practice.
Personal life.
She lives with her family in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="18750797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750797" title="In the Heart of a Woman">
In the Heart of a Woman

"In the Heart of a Woman" is the title of a song written by Keith Hinton and Brett Cartwright, and recorded by American country music singer Billy Ray Cyrus. It was released in June 1993 as the first single from his second album, "It Won't Be the Last". The song peaked at number 3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. 
Music video.
The music video was directed by Charley Randazzo and premiered in mid-1993.
Chart performance.
"In the Heart of a Woman" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of July 3, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18750798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750798" title="Une famille formidable">
Une famille formidable

Une famille formidable (English: "A marvelous family") is a French romantic comedy television series broadcast since 17 September 1992. It details the goings on of a family, and follows them as they grow up. As of 2008, the cast is the same as the 1992 cast, an unusual feat for a program with a run of this length.
In 2012, during the broadcast of the season 9 is celebrated twenty years of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="18750814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750814" title="Matthijs Vellenga">
Matthijs Vellenga

Matthijs Vellenga (born 29 October 1977, Grijpskerk) is a rower from the Netherlands.
His career highlight so far was in Athens at the 2004 Summer Olympics where he won the silver medal in the eights together with Michiel Bartman, Geert-Jan Derksen, Gerritjan Eggenkamp, Daniël Mensch, Diederik Simon, Jan-Willem Gabriëls, Gijs Vermeulen and Chun Wei Cheung.
After the Olympics Vellenga, Gabriëls, Vermeulen and Geert Cirkel started a new mission on the road to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the fours. Their formation was successful straight away with a second place in the 2005 Luzern World Cup as well as the World Championships in Gifu that year. In 2006 they got another second place in Luzern and a third in Munich. In Eton where the World Championships were held they won another bronze medal. They were the team to beat in 2007 after winning the World Cup in Luzern and becoming second in both Amsterdam and Linz. However at the 2007 World Championships in Munich they had to be satisfied with another bronze medal. With a World Cup win in Poznan and a second place in Luzern in 2008, they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750836" title="Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones – The BBC Sessions 1979–1984">
Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones – The BBC Sessions 1979–1984

Time Considered as a Helix of Semi-Precious Stones – The BBC Sessions 1979-1984 was released in 1992 by BBC Music. The name of the album was taken from a short story by science fiction writer Samuel R. Delany.
The album was a collection of studio recordings made specifically to be aired on BBC Radio. Until 1988, restrictions were in place that limited the amount of commercial records that could be broadcast on the BBC to just five hours per day. As a result, bands had to reproduce their music in the BBC's own studios. Disc jockey John Peel became known for having these types of recordings on his show, and they became known as "Peel Sessions."
"Time Considered"... features songs from the early part of The Comsat Angels' career, up through 1985's "7 Day Weekend". Not all tracks were taken from John Peel broadcasts; some came from the shows of other DJs: Richard Skinner, Kid Jensen, Janice Long, Bruno Brookes and Graham Bannerman.
Track listing.
"All tracks written by Fellows/Glaisher/Bacon/Peake, except where noted."

</doc>
<doc id="18750840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750840" title="List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Play winners">
List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Play winners

Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Play:

</doc>
<doc id="18750867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750867" title="Amotherby railway station">
Amotherby railway station

Amotherby railway station, served the village of Amotherby, in the Northern English county of North Yorkshire. It was located on a local line which ran from Malton to a junction with the Pickering to Thirsk line at Gilling.
History.
Opened by the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway, then absorbed by the North Eastern Railway the station joined the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. This company closed the station to passengers, although the goods service then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. 
The station was then closed completely by the British Transport Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18750881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750881" title="Harry Peulevé">
Harry Peulevé

Henri Leonard Thomas Peulevé DSO, MC (29 January 1916 – 18 March 1963) was an agent of the Special Operations Executive (SOE), who undertook two missions in occupied France and escaped from Buchenwald concentration camp.
Early life.
Henri Leonard Thomas Peulevé, son of Leonard and Eva Peulevé, was born in the East Preston district of Hastings on 29 January 1916. His early childhood was spent in Algiers and later at Stratford-upon-Avon, Winchelsea and Fairlight, attending King Edward VI School Stratford-upon-Avon and Rye Grammar School. In 1929 the family moved to Dinard on the Brittany coast, where Leonard found work as a travel agent. At the invitation of a family friend, Henri also spent time on the Côte d’Azur, during which time he became a fluent French speaker. Following his return to England in 1932, he qualified as an electrical engineer, working for Pye Radio and the Baird Television Company before joining the BBC in 1936. He became one of their first camera operators at the Alexandra Palace studios, where he worked until the outbreak of war.
Military service.
Peulevé enlisted with the 82nd Essex Anti-Aircraft Regiment in September 1939, but was soon transferred to the Royal Army Ordnance Corps and the Royal Military College of Science, where he was trained on gun laying radar. Promoted to Armament Staff Sergeant, he was sent to join an AA battery with the British Expeditionary Force at Arras in early 1940, but was evacuated in May as German forces approached. He eventually reached Nantes from where he and his men were evacuated, but the traumatic scenes he witnessed during the rout left Peulevé with a profound sense of humiliation, which spurred him to offer his services to the War Office. In March 1942 he was interviewed by Major Lewis Gielgud and accepted for training with the French Section of the Special Operations Executive, a secret organisation formed in 1940 to encourage resistance and sabotage in occupied countries.
Training.
Peulevé's training group contained some of F Section's most celebrated names, including Francis Suttill, Claude de Baissac and Roger Landes. Preliminary training took place at Wanborough Manor, one of SOE's Special Training Schools known as STS 5, followed by a paramilitary course at Meoble Lodge (STS 23) in the Western Highlands and a few days at Ringway parachute school (STS 51) near Manchester. Peulevé then went on to train as a wireless operator at Thame Park (STS 52) in Oxfordshire in June, before attending the 'finishing school' for agents at the Beaulieu estate in Hampshire.
First mission.
Peulevé and Claude de Baissac were selected to begin the SCIENTIST circuit, in the Bordeaux area. Both men parachuted ‘blind’ (without a reception committee) to a landing ground west of Nîmes at the end of July 1942, but were dropped too low: de Baissac sprained an ankle, and Peulevé suffered a compound fracture of the right leg. Peulevé was taken to a clinic in Nîmes run by Franciscan nuns, and in mid-September he was transferred to a villa owned by the Audouard family in Cannes. Georges Audouard was a member of a circuit of croupiers with links to CARTE, the major resistance network on the Riviera, run by a painter named André Girard based in Antibes.
Peulevé was introduced to Peter Churchill, an F Section agent acting as a CARTE liaison officer and responsible for the SPINDLE circuit. In desperate need of wireless operators, Peulevé was soon put to work transmitting for Girard, along with Isidore Newman, who had been brought ashore at Antibes in April 1942. Moving continually between safe houses in Cannes and Antibes, Peulevé was able to stay for a time with the family of a young French assistant living at Beaulieu-sur-Mer, Jacques Poirier. Unimpressed with Girard's lack of security and Churchill's lack of direction, Peulevé decided to leave for Spain in late November, taking Poirier with him.
Despite problems with finding reliable guides, Peulevé and Poirier left the border town of Céret to cross the Pyrenees on the night 21/22 December, a remarkable feat considering that Peulevé was still unable to walk without the aid of sticks. Unable to produce relevant papers, they were arrested the next morning by Spanish police and were sent to Figueras prison, where they remained until being removed to a camp at Jaraba in February 1943. On 11 April Peulevé escaped during a hospital visit to Saragossa, and made his way to the British embassy in Madrid. He arrived in the UK three weeks later.
Second mission.
Through a mutual friend, Peulevé met Violette Szabo, a young widow from south London. They formed a close relationship through the summer, but Peulevé was expected to return to France on a second mission to organise a new circuit, AUTHOR, supplying and training maquis guerrillas in the rural Corrèze region of west central France. Through her contact with Peulevé, Szabó would also become an SOE agent, being sent to Rouen in April 1944 to assess the state of the SALESMAN circuit.
Peulevé left for France on the night of 17/18 September with three other agents: Yolande Beekman, Harry Despaigne and Henri Derringer. Flying from RAF Tangmere in two Westland Lysander aircraft, they were received by Henri Déricourt at a field near Angers, who arranged for their onward journey to Paris. (Henri Dericourt was subsequently confirmed as a traitor, who betrayed many SOE officers to the Gestapo, and many of the agents were tortured and killed. On 19 September, Peulevé's contact André Grandclément was arrested by the Gestapo, which left Peulevé with the choice to return to London or find his own way into the Corrèze. He chose the latter, and was passed via Grandclément's associate Marc O’Neill down to the SCIENTIST circuit in Bordeaux, now led by Roger Landes. Peulevé arrived in the Corrèze in early October.
Peulevé set up his network in the town of Brive-la-Gaillarde, helped by Maurice Arnouil, an engineer and local businessman who owned premises at 26, Avenue de la Gare. Arnouil was able to put him in contact with others who would form the staff of his circuit: former policeman Louis Delsanti, wireless operator Louis Bertheau, and mill owners Paul and Georgette Lachaud. Writer André Malraux also offered help, and suggested Raymond Maréchal, who had fought with Malraux during the Spanish Civil War. Maréchal would personally lead Peulevé's own guerrilla force.
In January 1944 Peulevé began receiving supply drops from RAF aircraft, enabling him to arm numerous maquis of the Armée Secrète and communists across the Corrèze and Dordogne. On 7/8 January he also received organiser George Hiller and wireless operator Cyril Watney, agents of a new circuit, FOOTMAN, in the Lot. Having trained as an SOE agent, Jacques Poirier was parachuted into France on 28/29 January as Peulevé's assistant, and began work on expanding AUTHOR into the eastern Dordogne.
Captivity and escape.
AUTHOR successfully trained and armed more than 4000 resistance fighters before Peulevé was arrested at Bertheau's safe house on 21 March 1944, along with Bertheau, Delsanti and Roland Malraux, André's half-brother who had previously assisted the SALESMAN circuit in Rouen. All were taken first to Tulle, then Limoges and Paris, where Peulevé was separated and interrogated by the Sicherheitsdienst at their headquarters on Avenue Foch. Refusing to cooperate, Peulevé was tortured for several days before being transferred to solitary confinement at Fresnes prison. He later made an escape attempt but was wounded in the thigh, and forced to remove the bullet himself using a spoon. Poirier, having evaded capture, became leader of a replacement circuit in the Corrèze named DIGGER, assisted by agents Peter Lake and Ralph Beauclerk. As a result of their efforts, Brive-la-Gaillarde would become the first town in France to be liberated by resistance forces, on 15 August 1944.
On 8 August, Peulevé and thirty-six other agents were transported to Gare de L’Est and put aboard a train travelling east. On the following day it was attacked by Allied aircraft, during which time three women agents were able to pass water to the confined men, one of them being Violette (she had been captured on her second mission whilst attempting to make contact with Poirier in the Corrèze). The prisoners were driven to Verdun, then on to a transit camp at Saarbrücken on the German border.
Four days later all thirty-seven agents were transported to Buchenwald concentration camp near Weimar, where they met four F Section men, Christopher Burney, Maurice Pertschuk and brothers Henry and Alfred Newton. On 9 September sixteen of the group were called to the main gate, and were hanged in the crematorium basement shortly afterwards. It became clear that the remainder would probably also be executed, and a desperate escape plan was hatched in collaboration with Eugen Kogon, secretary to one of the SS camp doctors, Dr Erwin Ding-Schuler. In return for signed testimony stating that Allied prisoners had received his help, Ding-Schuler agreed for three men to be hidden in Block 46, where human guinea pigs were used to conduct experiments on new typhus vaccines. Peulevé, Squadron Leader Forest Yeo-Thomas, and Stéphane Hessel, a French BCRA agent, were selected as those to be saved because they could all speak fluent French and therefore, the plan had a greater chance of success.
On 5 October, another eleven agents were called and executed by firing squad. On 9 October, Peulevé swapped identities with a dead French typhus victim named Marcel Seigneur; Yeo-Thomas and Hessel adopted the French names of Maurice Choquet and Michel Boitel later that month. Peulevé and Hessel were quickly transferred to a satellite camp at Schönebeck, and Yeo-Thomas to Gleina a week afterwards.
Hessel was transferred again to a camp at Rottleberode near Nordhausen, but Peulevé remained working in the Junkers factory at Schönebeck. In early 1945 he was moved to a punishment detail, sent to work digging anti-tank traps near Barby on the River Elbe. As American forces reached the nearby city of Magdeburg on 11 April, Peulevé was able to escape from his working party, but as he neared the Allied lines he was stopped by two SS officers. Enquiring who he was, he replied that he was a French collaborator trying to avoid capture, and suggested that they should change out of their uniforms. As they began to undress, Peulevé grabbed one of their pistols and later handed them over to troops of the 83rd US Infantry Division. After debriefing, Peulevé returned to England, landing at Croydon Airport on 18 April.
Post-War life.
Having been promoted to the rank of major on his return (now serving as a REME officer), Peulevé was demobilised in March 1946. Following several years working for Shell in South America, he was transferred to Tunis in 1952, where he married a Danish woman, Marie-Louise Jahn. They had two children, Madeleine and Jean-Pierre, before separating in 1956, following Peulevé's deportation from Egypt by President Nasser's government. He continued to work abroad, in Spain, the West Indies and later as a sales manager for the Handy Angle company in the early 1960s. He died of a heart attack in Seville on 18 March 1963. He is buried in the British cemetery in the village of San Jéronimo, on the edge of the city.
Decorations.
Peulevé received the following awards for his wartime services:

</doc>
<doc id="18750889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750889" title="East of Fifty Falls">
East of Fifty Falls

East of Fifty Falls is a 5 metre high overhang ribbon waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House Museum.
Directions.
From QEW take the "Fifty Road" exit and follow this road up the Escarpment. Park on the right side of the road at the top of the hill. Follow Fifty Road back down the escarpment until you reach the Bruce Trail. Head east on the Bruce Trail until you reach the waterfall on the south side of the trail.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18750899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750899" title="It's a Little Too Late (Tanya Tucker song)">
It's a Little Too Late (Tanya Tucker song)

"It's a Little Too Late" is a song written by Roger Murrah and Pat Terry, and recorded by American country music singer Tanya Tucker. It was released in January 1993 as the second single from her album "Can't Run from Yourself". It peaked at number 2 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It also reached number 12 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100.
Reception.
Mario Tarradell of "The Miami Herald" gave "Can't Run from Yourself" a favorable review, noting this single as being "all attitude" and "rocking".

</doc>
<doc id="18750909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750909" title="Marvin Islands">
Marvin Islands

The uninhabited Marvin Islands are located in the Arctic Ocean extending from Cape Albert Edward into Disraeli Bay, in northern Ellesmere Island within the Quttinirpaaq National Park. The island group is a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18750913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750913" title="St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Los Angeles)">
St. Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Los Angeles)

St Mark Coptic Orthodox Church (Coptic: // transliteration: "ti.eklyseya en.remenkimi en.orthodoxos ente fi.ethowab Markos") is the oldest Coptic Orthodox church that was established in Los Angeles and is one of the oldest Coptic parishes in the United States. It is one of over 200 Coptic Orthodox churches in the US.
History of the Church.
St. Mark's Coptic Orthodox Church of Los Angeles was founded as the second Coptic parish in the United States, and was incorporated by 1970 with about 200 families at the time. The Coptic families in Los Angeles started settling from around the late 1960s when the late Father Bishoy Kamel was commissioned to serve the church in 1969, during Pope Cyril VI's papacy. Fr. Bishoy was a promiment Copt, being considered a modern-day saint within the Church, and helped to found not only St. Mark's but several other parishes and buildings throughout Egypt, the United States, Europe and Australia.
The congregation initially used a Syriac Orthodox building to accommodate its liturgies. Then, the congregation eventually purchased the current building which was previously used by the Russian Orthodox. Several years later, in 1995, the Coptic Orthodox Diocese of Los Angeles, Southern California and Hawaii was founded. HH Pope Shenouda III, the Pope of Alexandria (at the time), enthroned HG Serapion as Bishop for the diocese, which includes St. Mark's Church as well as several other diocese churches. There are currently about 650 Coptic families served by St. Mark's Church with several others belonging to different church congregations throughout California.

</doc>
<doc id="18750916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750916" title="Gijs Vermeulen">
Gijs Vermeulen

Gijs Vermeulen (born May 7, 1981, Amsterdam) is a rower from the Netherlands.
His career highlight so far was in Athens at the 2004 Summer Olympics where he won the silver medal in the eights together with Michiel Bartman, Geert-Jan Derksen, Gerritjan Eggenkamp, Daniël Mensch, Diederik Simon, Matthijs Vellenga, Jan-Willem Gabriëls and Chun Wei Cheung.
After the Olympics Vermeulen, Vellenga, Gabriëls and Geert Cirkel started a new mission on the road to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the fours. Their formation was successful straight away with a second place in the 2005 Luzern World Cup as well as the World Championships in Gifu that year. In 2006 they got another second place in Luzern and a third in Munich. In Eton where the World Championships were held they won another bronze medal. They were the team to beat in 2007 after winning the World Cup in Luzern and becoming second in both Amsterdam and Linz. However at the 2007 World Championships in Munich they had to be satisfied with another bronze medal. With a World Cup win in Poznan and a second place in Luzern in 2008, they qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18750923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750923" title="In Fields of Pestilent Grief">
In Fields of Pestilent Grief

In Fields of Pestilent Grief is a studio album by the Norwegian funeral doom metal band Funeral. It was their first full-length studio album ever since their album Tragedies. Einar Fredriksen, who was then the bassist of Funeral, gave several reasons for the seven-year gap in between albums in an interview with doom-metal.com. Some of those reasons, according to Fredriksen, was because Funeral's previous label, Arctic Serenades, decided to rip the band off, Toril Snyen was kicked out of the band (and replacing her proved to be very difficult), finding a label, and lack of motivation from some of the band members. These circumstances caused the band to hit rock bottom. Eventually, the band got to recording this album, and according to Einar, it still had the trademarks of old Funeral, but was more inspired by their anger due to the certain aforementioned circumstances.
The interview that Einar Fredriksen shared these statements in would turn out to be his last interview before committing suicide in January 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18750931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750931" title="Randal McLelland">
Randal McLelland

Randal Sean McLelland (born September 17, 1985) is an International Skeet shooter that competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. 
Sean began shooting clay targets when he was 14, and he credits Steve Schultz for being the most helpful and influential person in his development and upbringing in the clay target sports. Sean graduated from Sharyland High School in 2004 and then graduated from Lindenwood University in St. Charles, Mo. in 2008, where he majored in Business and shot for the nationally ranked Lindenwood University Shotgun team for three National Championship team wins. 

</doc>
<doc id="18750951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750951" title="The End of an Error">
The End of an Error

The End of an Error is the second album by pop-punk band Houston Calls, released on October 14, 2008, on Drive-Thru Records. The band began recording demos for the album in 2007 as a follow-up to their debut album A Collection of Short Stories. Previously signed to Rushmore Records, the band signed to Drive-Thru to release their new record. The album was recorded over a one-month span in the spring of 2008 at The Waiting Room Studios in North Hollywood, California. Later that summer, the band revealed the official title and tracklisting, as well as the final release date. and in mid-2008 revealed that the song "Life Won't Wait" will be the album's first single.

</doc>
<doc id="18750975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750975" title="Maurice Meyricke">
Maurice Meyricke

Maurice Meyricke (ca. 15631640) was a Welsh academic at the University of Oxford in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
Life.
Meyricke, from Anglesey, matriculated from New College, Oxford on 11 May 1582 with a scholarship at the age of 19. He obtained his BA degree on 27 October 1585 and his MA degree on 2 June 1589. He also became a Fellow of New College at about this time. His brother William and half-brother John Meyrick were also educated at New College, Oxford. Maurice was the Registrar of the University of Oxford from 1600 to 1608. He was appointed as a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford in the royal charter of 1622 issued by James I. He died in 1640.

</doc>
<doc id="18750991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750991" title="Madison High School (Richmond, Kentucky)">
Madison High School (Richmond, Kentucky)

Madison High School was an independent city high school in Richmond, Kentucky (Madison County, Kentucky). The school's enrollment (grades 9-12) never exceeded 400 and it never graduated a class of more than 85 students in its 70-year existence. The official name of the school was Madison High and Elementary School.
History.
The transition from private to public school was rather gradual in Richmond. Between 1789 and 1910, several prominent academies flourished, but the public school system generally began on May 20, 1890, in an act of the general assembly of Kentucky. In that year the Richmond City School acquired the Madison Academy property, on which a new eight room building was dedicated in 1894. Several years later, two more rooms were added; and this building, known as Caldwell High School, was used for school purposes until 1921, when it was destroyed by fire.
On July 5, 1919, the Richmond city Board of Education leased the property of the Madison Female Institute for ninety-nine years. The Female Institute had been a famous southern finishing school for girls. Following the Civil War era Battle of Richmond, the building was used for hospital wards, where both Union and Confederate soldiers were cared for by teachers and students.
Caldwell was destroyed by fire on Wednesday, March 9th, 1921. The Board of Education voted in favor of an $80,000 bond in order to erect a new building on the for Madison Female Institute property'. For the remainder of the school year and through the next two years (1921-23), the school was forced to use the county courthouse and churches to hold classes. In the fall of 1923, the Madison High School building was completed at a cost of $250,000. At that time, it had thirty-one classrooms, one music room, a science laboratory, three rooms for domestic science and manual training, a large cafeteria, a library, two office rooms, an auditorium capable of seating about 900 and a gymnasium. In 1950, new classrooms were added to provide more space, but by 1955 the entire building was so crowded that it was necessary to have double sessions in several grades. Later some of the churches were used for the first grade students until the new elementary schools (Bellevue and Mayfield) were completed in 1959. In 1962, a $135,000 renovation of the building was initiated. New dressing and shower rooms were added to the gymnasium. A new cafeteria and superintendent office were completed in 1963. 
For twenty-two years (1939-1961), the school formed a unique relationship with then Eastern Kentucky State College and its laboratory school, Model. This was accomplished through the efforts of then EKSC president Herman L. Donovan and Richmond City Schools superintendent William F. O'Donnell. O'Donnell had been superintendent of Richmond City Schools since 1925 and later became President of Eastern in 1940. The schools were accredited jointly by the Southern Association of Secondary Schools as Madison-Model High School. The two divisions retained their respective organizations, but combined such activities as commencement, athletics, and music until the schools were separated after the 1960-61 school year.
Through the 1955-1956 school year, Madison High was a segregated school. Richmond's African-American students attended Richmond High School (located on Irvine Street). In the fall of 1956, Richmond High was integrated into Madison as the Richmond City Board of Education carried out the Supreme Court's "Brown" decision. A gradual integration program was initiated that year as sophomores, juniors and seniors from Richmond High were enrolled at Madison. By 1960, freshmen were admitted as well. 
Richmond Junior High and Elementary remained open through the 1972-73 school year. Beginning with the 1973-74 school year through its closing after the 1988-89 school year, the fifth through twelfth grades attended Madison. Bellevue Elementary was used exclusively for first and second graders while Mayfield Elementary housed the third and fourth grades. The Richmond City Board of Education received national recognition for this innovative move that integrated the entire district. 
As Richmond grew and many citizens began to move to suburban locations on the outskirts of the Richmond city school district lines, a steady decline in enrollment gradually took place. By the 1980s, the school graduated (on the average) about 35 students a year. A combination of losing students to the Laboratory School, inability to expand the city school district (which resulted in a dwindling tax base) and the demographic trend known as white flight led to the decision to consolidate with the county system in 1989.
The school nickname (adopted in 1925) was the 'Royal Purples'. Its physical plant is now the site of Madison Middle School, which opened in the fall of 1992 (after extensive renovation) and is one of five middle schools (grades 6–8) in the Madison County school system. Initially, the Madison County Board of Education voted to adopt green and white as the new school colors, but (after protests from several Madison High alumni) changed the decision and opted to keep the old school colors (purple and white). They did, however, decide to change the school's nickname to Panthers.
Athletics.
Madison-Model fielded several excellent football teams in its last five years before their partnership was dissolved.
New Eastern president Robert R. Martin took over from O'Donnell in the fall of 1960 and ended the partnership at the close of the school year. Roy Kidd had become the football coach in 1956 and the Purples recorded a 41-10-1 record over the next five years (1956–60). In their first year after separating from Model, Kidd's Royal Purples went 13-1 in 1961 and finished as the Class AA state-runner up to Fort Thomas Highlands. Three years later, coach Bobby Harville took Madison to the Class AA title game and again the Purples lost to Highlands (10-4 record). 
In the 1970s, coach Monty Joe Lovell led the Royal Purples to the Class A state playoffs four times. The Purples lost in the state semi-finals in 1972 (12-1), 1978 (9-4) and finished as state-runner up to Bellevue in 1979 (10-3). 
In its early football history, Madison finished as champions of central Kentucky in 1925. In 1924 and 1925, the Purples had a combined 15-4 record and defeated highly regarded Highlands in Thanksgiving Day matchups both seasons. Coach Velmar Miller led Madison to its last playoff appearance in 1985. 
Madison participated in Kentucky's well-known State Basketball Tournament six times. This was quite an accomplishment when consideration of their placement in the KHSAA's 11th Region is taken into account. The 11th Region then included schools in Lexington (and continues to do so today), and along with the 6th and 7th Regions that include Louisville schools, is one of the most competitive in the state. Madison's initial trip to the tournament was in 1939 when coach Ralph Carlisle took the Purples to the state quarter-final round. Consecutive trips followed (then as Madison-Model) in 1944 and 1945 under coach Bob Ackerman. Ackerman led the Royal Purples to the 1948 11th Region title as well. Coach Ray Vencill led Madison to consecutive 11th Region championships in 1969 and 1970. In 1970, the underdog Purples nearly pulled off an upset in the state title game as they fell to powerful Male High School of Louisville 70-69 and finished as Kentucky's state runner-up. Forward Robert Brooks was named Kentucky's Mr. Basketball. 
Madison-Model also participated in the state baseball tournament multiple times and finished as Kentucky state-runner-up in 1945 and 1946 (losing in the finals to parochial schools Louisville St. Xavier '45 and Newport Catholic '46). The girls' track team was crowned the Class A Kentucky state champion in 1978.
Notable coaches.
Football Bowl Appearances.
Recreation Bowl Champion
Recreation Bowl Runner-Up
Big Sandy Bowl Runner-Up
Scholarship Bowl Champion
Laurel Bowl Champion
CKC Champion
CKC Bowl Champion
CKC Bowl Runner-Up
Optimist Bowl Champion
State Runner-Up.
Class AA Football
Class A Football
Basketball
Baseball
State Champion.
Girls' Track

</doc>
<doc id="18750993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750993" title="Sonny Condell">
Sonny Condell

Sonny Condell (born 1 July 1949, in Newtownmountkennedy, Ireland) is an Irish singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and graphic artist. He is mainly known as a member of the Irish bands Tír na nÓg and Scullion. He released some hits in Ireland as a solo artist like "Down in the city" in 1977 that he covered later with the Belgian singer Micha Marah on her album "Voyage" in 1998. For some years, Sonny has got his own solo band called Radar, although he still plays with Tír na nÓg and Scullion.

</doc>
<doc id="18750998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18750998" title="Griswold High School (Connecticut)">
Griswold High School (Connecticut)

Griswold High School is the only public education institute in Griswold, Connecticut. Surrounding towns (Lisbon, Canterbury and Voluntown) have opportunity to send their students that attended their secondary schools to Griswold. Other schools that these towns may send their students to are: Norwich Free Academy, Ella T. Grasso Technical High School, Ellis Technical High School, Norwich Technical High School, and Saint Bernard's.
Campus.
The campus has many different facilities, such as an auditorium, gymnasium, and specialized areas for music, technology, construction, and several other types of learning, just like almost every other school in the area. Also on the high school campus is a lighted football field and track, softball and baseball fields, tennis courts, and numerous soccer fields and walking trails. There is also a staffed library and media centers in the building. The high school also now has NEASC accreditation, along with several honors and AP programs. Griswold also has many sports teams and an award winning music program.
Music and Arts.
Griswold High School has a very expansive music and arts program in which many of its students participate in. For music, the school has a pep band for football and basketball, a concert band, a general choir, a concert choir (which is an auditioned group), a chamber choir (also an auditioned group), a string orchestra, and a steel drum band. The school has won numerous awards for its music program, especially through its annual music trip to play in competitions across North America. Students that are enrolled in the Concert Band, Orchestra and Chamber Choir have the opportunities to audition for regional music festivals on the state level.
The arts program is also quite expansive, with an annual drama production in the late fall and a musical production in the spring.
References.
http://www.griswold.k12.ct.us/index.cfm

</doc>
<doc id="18751018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751018" title="Life's a Dance (song)">
Life's a Dance (song)

"Life's a Dance" is a song written by Allen Shamblin and Steve Seskin, and recorded by American country music singer John Michael Montgomery. It was released in September 1992 as lead-off single and title track from his debut album "Life's a Dance". It peaked at number 4 on the U.S. Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart. It also peaked at number 3 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo, in which the narrator gives the example of being too scared to ask a girl out when he was 14 years old. The girl ends up moving away and he never had the chance to ask her. The narrator goes on to refer to life as "a dance" and says that you learn as you go.
Critical reception.
Deborah Evans Price, of "Billboard" magazine gave the song a mixed review, saying that Montgomery is a "fine and photogenic balladeer" but the song is "less than memorable."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Marc Ball and premiered in late 1992. The video was filmed in Durango, Colorado and was the first time Montgomery had ever been on a plane.
Chart positions.
"Life's a Dance" debuted at number 69 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of October 3, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18751023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751023" title="Palm Springs Chill">
Palm Springs Chill

The Palm Springs Chill are an independent baseball team based in Palm Springs, California. They are co-owned by the Palm Springs Power and play their home games at Palm Springs Stadium. Andrew Starke is the team president and Darrell Evans is the manager.
Team history.
Arizona Winter League (2008-2009).
They were a member of the Arizona Winter League, a short-season instructional winter league affiliated with the Golden Baseball League in 2008 and 2009, making the playoffs and championship game both seasons, before losing to the Blythe Heat and Yuma Scorpions respectively.
California Winter League (2010).
The Chill ownership created a brand new winter league in 2010, the California Winter League, to offer more opportunities for aspiring players to flourish. They will be joined by the Coachella Valley Snowbirds, the Palm Desert Coyotes and the Canada A's. Former Major Leaguer and former Victoria Seals manager Darrell Evans was named commissioner of this new league.
Year-By-Year Records.
Arizona Winter League:
California Winter League:
Mascot.
Tundra is the official mascot of the Palm Springs Chill. During the 2012 California Winter League baseball season the Palm Springs Chill started to become very popular in the Palm Springs area. Due to the success of the Palm Springs Power college baseball team in the summer the revenue in the California Winter League was at an all-time high in 2012. The Palm Springs Chill are filled with Independent level players who usually have the same talent level as low minor league players. They have a roster full of signed players such as Jacob Taylor, Jimmy Waters, and Miles Walding who is an Arizona Diamondback minor league signed player, 29 year old star outfielder Derrick Pyles who played for the New York Federals in 2011 after he finished college at Embry-Riddle University in Florida is also a big reason for the Chill success. The Chill are managed by Ricky Vanasselberg as of 2012. Ricky is also manager of the Grand Prairie Air Hogs who compete in the American Association of Independent Baseball which is Double A level baseball players and ex major league players trying to stay in the game as long as possible. The Chill usually are made up of former college baseball players with talent to sign professional contracts after the season. The team finished 13 and 6 during the 2012 California Winter League season and were California Winter League runner up finishers after losing to the Palm Springs Power 7 to 5 in the Championship game in front of 2,500 fans at Palm Springs Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18751032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751032" title="List of NASCAR EA cover athletes">
List of NASCAR EA cover athletes

This is the list of drivers who have been on the cover of EA Sports NASCAR video games.

</doc>
<doc id="18751049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751049" title="Peter Fischl">
Peter Fischl

Peter L. Fischl (born July 19, 1930) is a survivor of the Holocaust, a poet and a public speaker, who has dedicated much of his life to educating people about the Holocaust and the importance of acceptance of others. Fischl is currently working on a project with the sculptor Raymond Persinger to create a monument to "The Little Polish Boy." 
During the Holocaust, Fischl hid in a Catholic school in Budapest, Hungary with 60 other Jewish children. His father was taken by the Nazis and never seen again.
A documentary on Fischl's life and his efforts to educate young people about intolerance, is in the final stages of editing. The film, produced by Peter Musurlian of Globalist Films, is called, "Holocaust Soliloquy." (See Sources below)

</doc>
<doc id="18751062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751062" title="Old Squaw Islands">
Old Squaw Islands

Part of the Baffin Island offshore islands located in Wayne Bay, west of Becher Peninsula, the Old Squaw Islands are part of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18751068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751068" title="Four-way valve">
Four-way valve

The four-way valve or four-way cock is a fluid control valve whose body has four ports equally spaced round the valve chamber and the plug has two passages to connect adjacent ports. The plug may be cylindrical or tapered, or a ball.
It has two flow positions as shown, and usually a central position where all ports are closed. 
It can be used to isolate and to simultaneously bypass a sampling cylinder installed on a pressurized water line. It is useful to take a fluid sample without affecting the pressure of a hydraulic system and to avoid degassing (no leak, no gas loss or air entry, no external contamination).
It was used to control the flow of steam to the cylinder of early double-acting steam engines, such as those designed by Richard Trevithick. This use of the valve is possibly attributable to Denis Papin. 
Because the two "L"-shaped ports in the plug do not interconnect, the four-way valve is sometimes referred to as an "×" port. 

</doc>
<doc id="18751078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751078" title="Erland Falls">
Erland Falls

Erland Falls is a 13 metre high washboard ribbon cascade waterfall found on Canadian National Railway property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
It was named after Erland Lee, co-founder of the Women's Institutes.
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee Museum.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from the owner. Just a few metres west of Dewitt Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18751087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751087" title="Richard Harris (college principal)">
Richard Harris (college principal)

Richard Harris (fl. 1558 – 1595) was an academic at the University of Oxford and clergyman in the sixteenth century.
Life.
Harris, from Herefordshire, obtained his B.A. degree from Oxford University on 3 November 1558 and his M.A. degree on 26 June 1562. He was appointed rector of Kentchurch, Herefordshire in 1571 and became a canon of Hereford Cathedral in 1575. He was Principal of Brasenose College, Oxford from 1573/4 to 1595. During this time, he was appointed by the royal charter of 1589 as one of the Commissioners to draw up statutes for Jesus College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="18751100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751100" title="Medes Islands">
Medes Islands

The Illes Medes (in Catalan) or Islas Medas (in Spanish) is a small and craggy group of seven islets in the northwestern Mediterranean Sea. They are located close to the shore, east of the coastal town of L'Estartit.
Meda Gran, the largest one, has an area of and is the only island of a considerable size. It has some Mediterranean vegetation and a 19th-century lighthouse on it. The second largest island, Meda Xica is only . Carall (or Cavall) Bernat, Tascons Grossos, Medellot, Tascons Petits and Ferrenelles are mere steep rocky outcrops jutting out from the sea.
Lighthouse.
In 1866 a lighthouse was built on La Meda Gran; it had a resident lighthouse keeper until 1932 when an automatic light was installed. Currently the island has a solar-powered automatic lighthouse.
Ecology.
The Catalan Autonomous Government declared the islands a protected area in 1983. They are now becoming an important marine reserve in the Western Mediterranean.
Despite the ravages caused by industrial pollution and mass-tourism in the Mediterranean coast of the Iberian Peninsula, there is still a significant amount of marine biodiversity in the waters off the islands, like large submarine meadows of Posidonia oceanica and underwater caves where groupers breed.
Administration.
Administratively the Medes Archipelago belongs to the Spanish autonomous community of Catalonia.
History.
In the 15th century the Equestrian Order of the Holy Sepulchre of Jerusalem built a fortress on Meda Gran. They eventually left and pirate attacks in the 16th century damaged the fortress. The fortress became a prison during the 18th century and at the time of the Napoleonic Wars was again fortified.
On 29 August 1811 General Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles, at the behest of Luis Roberto de Lacy and with the assistance of HMS "Cambrian", a Colonel Green, and British troops, landed, captured, and destroyed the fort the French had built on Meda Gran. Green then ordered the fort abandoned. Several weeks later, on 11 September, de Lacy landed on the island. He rebuilt, garrisoned and fortified the fort, and symbolically renamed the islands the Isles of the Restoration. The last military garrison left in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="18751105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751105" title="Gibbs House">
Gibbs House

Gibbs House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751110" title="FC Jove Español San Vicente">
FC Jove Español San Vicente

Fútbol Club Jove Español San Vicente, commonly known as Jove Español, is a Spanish football team based in San Vicente del Raspeig, in the Valencian Community. Founded in 2004 it plays in Tercera División – Group 6, holding home matches at "Ciudad Deportiva de San Vicente del Raspeig", which has a capacity of 2,000 seats.
History.
Jove Español San Vicente was founded in 2004, after the merger of three teams in the city of Sant Vicent del Raspeig: "CD Jove Raspeig", "CD Español de San Vicente" and "FC Cosmos San Vicente". It first reached Tercera División two years later, going on to remain several consecutive seasons in that level.
It acts as a farm team for Hércules CF.

</doc>
<doc id="18751114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751114" title="Codonopsis lanceolata">
Codonopsis lanceolata

Codonopsis lanceolata is a flowering plant. It originates in East Asia. It is a variety of bonnet bellflower.
The roots are used in Korean cuisine, where it is called "deodeok" (더덕).
It is used in Korean dishes such as "deodeok kimchi" (더덕김치), "deodeok jeon" (더덕전), "deodeok gui" (더덕구이), "deodeok saengchae" (더덕생채), and "changui" (찬구이).
Codonopsis lanceolata is also used as a natural medicine. 
A hardy perennial climber that grows up to 1.5m tall. It has bell shaped flowers that are purple inside and flowers from August to September and the seeds ripen from September to October. The flowers are hermaphrodite and are pollinated by bees and wasps. 
Specialist info (Cultivation, Propagation method, Pests, treatments, uses, historic)
It grows in moist areas in woodland on low hills or mountains at an elevation of 200-1600m. 
The plant likes light and medium well drained soils with plenty of moisture with a neutral to acidic ph. It likes full sun to semi-shade.
The leaves and roots of the plant are edible raw or cooked. The plant has many medical uses and is used to treat lung abscesses, milk-flow obstruction and inflamed boils among many others. 
Slugs and snails eat young growth.
The plant is propagated by seed which is surface-sown onto ericaceous compost. Division is also possible although great care must be taken as the plant hates root disturbance.
The plant is grown commercially in Hoengseong County, Gangwon Province, South Korea, where it is an important part of the local agriculture. However, many South Koreans grow a small amount in personal gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="18751123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751123" title="Turtle Island Restoration Network">
Turtle Island Restoration Network

Turtle Island Restoration Network (TIRN) is a United States 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 1999 whose mission is:
"To take swift and decisive action to protect and restore marine species and their habitats and to inspire people in communities all over the world to join us as acmarine species advocates." 
Overview.
TIRN provides the umbrella organization to a number of projects including the Sea Turtle Restoration Project (STRP), Got Mercury? and SPAWN (Salmon Protection and Watershed Network). In order to achieve their goals, TIRN uses a combination of grassroots education and organizing, legal pressure, hands-on conservation, innovative use of the media, research, and policy advocacy. TIRN has offices in the United States, Costa Rica and Papua New Guinea and is currently supported by over 10,000 members.
TIRN states their vision as:
"Foreseeing a time when a critical-mass of people in communities all over the world share a common understanding of the intrinsic value of biodiversity and a permanent commitment to acting as wise, willing and able stewards of life in the earth's oceans and on its lands".
History.
TIRN was founded in 1999 to provide an umbrella organization for the Sea Turtle Restoration Project. This had at the time been an affiliate organization of the Earth Island Institute since 1989, focusing on the international protection of endangered sea turtles. In 1999, the project broke off from its parent group, and re-incorporated as the Turtle Island Restoration Network.
Since its founding in 1999, TIRN has diversified and expanded its programs. The project, based in Olema, Marin County, California, now includes offices in the Gulf of Mexico, Central America and the Western Pacific. In addition, Got Mercury? a program to educate the public about mercury levels in seafood was developed in 2002 under TIRN and the Sea Turtle Restoration Project.
In 1999, the Salmon Protection and Watershed Network, a volunteer-driven program focused on protecting endangered salmon in the Lagunitas Creek watershed became an official program of TIRN.
Programs.
TIRN is the umbrella organization to two major programs:
Sea Turtle Restoration Project.
The Sea Turtle Restoration Project was founded in 1989 with the mission to protect endangered sea turtles in ways that make cultural and economic sense to communities that share their habitats with the creatures. The project has a number of active projects including the Save the Leatherback program, the Gulf of Mexico program, US Pacific Sea Turtles, Central America program, Western Pacific program and Got Mercury? program.
SPAWN (Salmon Protection and Watershed Network).
SPAWN (Salmon Protection and Watershed Network) had its seeds in 1996 and in 1999 became an official program under the umbrella of TIRN. It is a volunteer-driven program that works to protect endangered salmon in the Lagunitas Creek watershed, and the environment. The programmes projects include habitat restoration, fish rescue, citizen training, creek monitoring, creek walks, land acquisition and water conservation.
Accomplishments.
Key accomplishments of TIRN include:

</doc>
<doc id="18751124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751124" title="1921 Centre vs. Harvard football game">
1921 Centre vs. Harvard football game

The 1921 Centre vs. Harvard football game, played October 29, 1921, was a college football game between Centre College and Harvard University. Centre beat Harvard 6–0 in the game, in what is widely considered one of the greatest upsets in college football history.
The prequel.
The teams first met in 1920, at Harvard Stadium in the Boston neighborhood of Allston, with Harvard coming off a Rose Bowl victory and an undefeated national championship season in 1919 (the school's fourth national championship in the prior ten years). Coming into the Centre game, Harvard was also undefeated and unscored upon in the 1920 season. Meanwhile, Centre College, a tiny school of 300 students in Kentucky, had little history of success in football before their current coach, Charley Moran, and star quarterback, Bo McMillin, arrived on campus in 1917.
The Centre Praying Colonels shocked Harvard in the 1920 game simply by taking a 14–7 halftime lead. But, in the second half, Centre withered before the superior Harvard squad, and Harvard won the game 31–14. Following the game, Harvard's captain offered the game ball to Centre's quarterback Bo McMillin, but McMillin declined the ball and promised "We'll be back next year to take it home with us."
The 1921 game.
The teams met for the second straight season in Harvard Stadium, on October 29, 1921, with 45,000 fans packing the stands. Harvard again entered the game undefeated, and had not lost a game since the 1918 season.
The game was a scoreless tie at halftime. Early in the third quarter, Centre's All American Blocking Back, "Red" Roberts told Bo McMillin, "it's time to score, ride my hump", and McMillin rushed for the lone touchdown of the game. The Praying Colonels' defense held off the Crimson's powerful offense from there for a 6–0 victory. Following the game, students from MIT who came to cheer against Harvard carried McMillin off the field and tore down the goalposts. The Colonels had shocked mighty Harvard, becoming the first school ever from outside the East to beat one of the Ivy League's "Big Three" of Harvard, Yale, and Princeton.
Back in Danville, Kentucky, overjoyed students painted the "impossible formula" C6H0 (Centre 6, Harvard 0) on everything in sight (including a few cows). At least one marking still remains, on the side of the Centre post office. The paint was protected from the weather for decades by the roof of a nearby building. That building was torn down in the 1990s, revealing a well preserved C6H0 from 1921.
Aftermath.
Immediate impact.
The Centre victory was a shock, but perhaps not a fluke; the team would finish the 1921 season 10–1, defeating several of the nation's powerhouses including Virginia Tech, Auburn, Arizona, and Clemson. Their only defeat was a 22–14 loss to powerful Texas A&M in The Dixie Classic (forerunner of the Cotton Bowl), Dallas, Texas, on January 2, 1922 (this is the game where A&M's famous 12th man was born). (Bo McMillin got married in Dallas the day before the game, and the Colonels were in the midst of a grueling long distance trip from home by train, having played Arizona in San Diego, California the week prior). Up until their final game of the season the Colonels outscored their opponents by a margin of 314 to 6.
"Greatest Upset".
In 1950, the Associated Press named C6H0 the greatest sports upset of the first half of the 20th century. In 2005, "The New York Times" called it "arguably the upset of the century in college football." In 2006, ESPN named it the third-biggest upset in the 138-year history of college football.
On the 75th anniversary of C6H0, Centre challenged Harvard to a rematch. Harvard declined.

</doc>
<doc id="18751125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751125" title="Owen Lewis (rugby league)">
Owen Lewis (rugby league)

Owen Lewis (born 1 October 1988) is a Welsh Rugby League player who has gained Under 18 and Under 19 international honours representing his country and also Great Britain.
Having played for Valley Cougars, he made his debut for Crusaders rugby league team in 2007 and played one further match for them in the same season before leaving the club to study at university.
He is studying at Loughborough University, for whom he plays Rugby Union in National League 2 North as at 2010-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18751130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751130" title="Centre Colonels football">
Centre Colonels football

The Centre Colonels football team, historically also known as the Praying Colonels, represents Centre College in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division III competition. The Colonels currently play in the Southern Athletic Association (SAA), which was established in 2011. Before the establishment of the SAA, Centre played 50 seasons in the Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference. Despite the school's small size (2008 enrollment of 1,215), the football team has historically had success and possesses a strong tradition. At the end of the 2008 season, the school ranked as the 12th winningest school in Division III with an all-time record of 509–374–37.
History.
On April 9, 1880, a Centre College team traveled to Lexington to play against Kentucky in the first football game south of the Ohio River. The Colonels lost that game, and a rematch at home later in the month, but it was the start of a long-running rivalry with their in-state opponent. The first officially recognized Centre–Kentucky game took place in 1891. In that series, the Colonels compiled a 18–12–2 record before the Kentucky athletic council decided to permanently drop Centre from their schedule.
From 1917 to 1924, Centre compiled a 57–8 record while playing against some of the best teams in the nation. After the 1920 season, Centre faced Texas Christian (TCU) in the Fort Worth Classic. The Colonels convincingly routed them, 63–7.
The 1921 Centre–Harvard game resulted in one of the most shocking upsets in college football, with the Colonels winning, 6–0. The star of that game, back Alvin "Bo" McMillin, was twice named a consensus All-American, in 1919 and 1921. Center James Weaver was named a consensus All-American alongside him in 1919. The Colonels finished the 1921 season undefeated, outscoring their opponents, 314-6. In the Dixie Classic, precursor to the modern Cotton Bowl Classic, Centre faced Texas A&M. Miscues contributed to the Colonels' defeat, 22–14. This is also the game in which Texas A&M's 12th man tradition originated.
Centre again found success during the 1950s. In 1951, the Colonels finished the season with a 5–1 record and were invited to play Northern Illinois State in the Corn Bowl. The invitation, however, was rejected by the school administration who wished to de-emphasize football. From 1954 to 1956, Centre compiled a sixteen-game winning streak. In 1955, the undefeated Colonels were again invited to a postseason game, the Tangerine Bowl, but once more declined.
In recent years, Centre has secured eight SCAC championships between 1980 and 2003. Jack "Teel" Bruner, a safety from 1982 to 1985, became the second Centre Colonel inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. In 1984, he recorded five interceptions against Rose-Hulman, tying the all-time record.
In 2011, the Colonels' final SCAC season, they finished second in the conference, but received an at-large invitation to the NCAA tournament. The Colonels defeated Hampden–Sydney in the first round to earn their first Division III tournament win, and lost in the next round to traditional D-III powerhouse Mount Union.
Achievements.
Individual achievements.
Consensus All-Americans
College Football Hall of Fame

</doc>
<doc id="18751153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751153" title="Mercury Blues">
Mercury Blues

"Mercury Blues" is a song written by K. C. Douglas and Robert Geddins in 1949, and first recorded by Douglas. The song, originally titled "Mercury Boogie," pays homage to the American automobile, which ended production in 2010.
The song has been covered among others by the Steve Miller Band (1976, on their album, "Fly Like an Eagle"), David Lindley (1981), the Finn Pave Maijanen (1987), Alan Jackson (1993), Meat Loaf (2003) and Dwight Yoakam (2004). Lindley's version, from his 1981 album "El Rayo-X", peaked at number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. Meat Loaf's version appears as a hidden track at the end of his 2003 album "Couldn't Have Said It Better". Dwight Yoakam's version appears on his 2002 boxed set, "Reprise Please, Baby", and later on his 2004 compilation album, "Dwight's Used Records". More recently, a lively, truly blues version appeared on Jackson Browne's "Love Is Strange" (2010), backed by David Lindley.
Rights to the song were purchased by the Ford Motor Company, which used it for a television commercial featuring Alan Jackson singing his version of the song with the word "Mercury" replaced by the words "Ford Truck." 
Alan Jackson version.
American country music singer Alan Jackson recorded the song for his album, "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'Bout Love)". It was released in September 1993 as the fourth single from the album. His version of the song peaked at number 2 on both the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart and the "RPM" Country Tracks in Canada.
Critical reception.
Kevin John Coryne of Country Universe gave the song a B grade, calling it "a throwaway track that ended up being a pretty big hit." He went on to say that it "might be the least essential Jackson hit of its era."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Piers Plowden and premiered in mid-1993. Keith Urban makes an appearance in the video as a guitar player.
In popular culture.
His rendition was used by the Ford Motor Company for Ford pickup truck commercials, changing the line "crazy 'bout a Mercury" to "crazy 'bout a Ford truck." Jackson performed the original "Mercury" version of the song live "in-studio" on an episode of the hit ABC sitcom "Home Improvement" in 1996. The David Lindley version appeared on the "Florence Italy" episode of Miami Vice on February 14, 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="18751157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751157" title="1931 Census">
1931 Census

The 1931 Census or census of 1931 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751177" title="Loretta Yang">
Loretta Yang

Loretta Hui-shan Yang or Yang Huishan () is a Taiwanese film actress.
She is a two-time winner of the Best Leading Actress award at the Golden Horse Awards and winner of the Best Actress prize at the Asia-Pacific Film Festival, as well as an artist of Chinese glass or liuli. "Beauty transformed" is how Japanese critics have described the multiple talents of Loretta Hui-Shan Yang.
Loretta Yang was named Best Leading Actress in the 21st and 22nd Golden Horse Film Awards ceremony. She was the first actress who won this award two years in a row.
Having committed herself to Chinese glass for more than a decade, she has single-handedly rediscovered the technique of "cire-perdue" glass casting. She has used this technique to create works with a traditional Chinese artistic flare.

</doc>
<doc id="18751179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751179" title="Nuvursiit Islands">
Nuvursiit Islands

Part of Baffin Island's offshore islands within Hudson Strait, the Nuvursiit Islands are located southeast of Kimmirut. The islands are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18751180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751180" title="Demon algorithm">
Demon algorithm

The demon algorithm is a Monte Carlo method for efficiently sampling members of a microcanonical ensemble with a given energy. An additional degree of freedom, called 'the demon', is added to the system and is able to store and provide energy. If a drawn microscopic state has lower energy than the original state, the excess energy is transferred to the demon. For a sampled state that has higher energy than desired, the demon provides the missing energy if it is available. The demon can not have negative energy and it does not interact with the particles beyond exchanging energy. Note that the additional degree of freedom of the demon does not alter a system with many particles significantly on a macroscopic level.
Motivation.
In thermodynamical systems, equal macroscopic properties (e. g. temperature) can result from different microscopic properties (e. g. velocities of individual particles). Computer simulations of the full equations of motion for every individual particle to simulate microscopic properties is computationally very expensive. Monte Carlo methods can overcome this problem by sampling microscopic states according to stochastic rules instead of modeling the complete microphysics.
The microcanonical ensemble is a collection of microscopic states which have fixed energy, volume and number of particles. In an enclosed system with a certain number of particles, energy is the only macroscopic variable affected by the microphysics. The Monte Carlo simulation of a microcanonical ensemble thus requires sampling different microscopic states with the same energy. When the number of possible microscopic states of thermodynamical systems is very large, it is inefficient to randomly draw a state from all possible states and accept it for the simulation if it has the right energy, since many drawn states would be rejected.
The demon algorithm.
The full procedure can be summarized by the following steps:
1. Perform a random change in the state of a randomly chosen particle (e. g. change velocity or position).
2. Calculate the change in energy formula_1 of the thermal system.
3. Negative formula_1, i. e. excess energy, is given to the demon by adding formula_3 to the demon. This case (formula_4) is always accepted.
4. The demon provides positive formula_1 to keep the total energy constant only if it has sufficient energy, i. e. formula_6. In this case the change is accepted, otherwise the randomly chosen change in velocity is rejected and the algorithm is restarted from the original microscopic state.
5. If the change is accepted, repeat the algorithm for the new configuration.
Since energy fluctuations per degree of freedom are only of order 1/"N", the presence of the demon has little effect on macroscopic properties of systems with high numbers of particles. After many iterations of the algorithm, the interplay of demon and random energy changes equilibrates the system. Assuming that a particular system approaches all possible states over very long times (quasi-ergodicity), the resulting Monte Carlo dynamics realistically sample microscopic states that correspond to the given energy value. This is only true if macroscopic quantities are stable over many Monte Carlo steps, i. e. if the system is at equilibrium.

</doc>
<doc id="18751188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751188" title="Retaliation (Keak da Sneak album)">
Retaliation (Keak da Sneak album)

Retaliation is the fourth album by rapper, Keak da Sneak. It was released on January 15, 2002 for Black Market Records and was produced by Sean T, Keak da Sneak and One Drop Scott. It sold 2,500 copies on its first week on shelves.

</doc>
<doc id="18751191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751191" title="Lowertown Historic District">
Lowertown Historic District

Lowertown Historic District can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751193" title="Wheelchair tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair tennis at the 2000 Summer Paralympics consisted of doubles and singles competitions for men and women.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="18751202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751202" title="Lou Montañez">
Lou Montañez

Luis Anibal Montañez (born December 15, 1981) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent.
Professional career.
Minor leagues.
Montañez was drafted by the Chicago Cubs third overall in the 2000 MLB Draft. He spent seven seasons in the Cubs' minor league system but never made it to the Major Leagues. On January 5, 2007, he signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles. After batting .335 with 26 home runs and 97 RBI in 116 games for the Orioles Double-A affiliate Bowie Baysox, he was called up to the Majors for the first time. In , Montañez won the Eastern League Triple Crown despite missing nearly a month of the season after getting called up to the majors.
Baltimore Orioles.
Montañez made his major league debut on August 5, , but did not get an at-bat. On August 6, he hit a home run in his first at-bat making him the second Oriole to accomplish the feat. After starting the season playing for the Orioles Triple-A affiliate, Norfolk Tides, he was re-called to the majors on April 21 after an injury to Ryan Freel. On November 10, 2010 Montanez became a minor league free agent.
Chicago Cubs.
Montañez signed a minor league deal with the Chicago Cubs on January 12, 2011. He was called up from the Iowa Cubs on May 24, 2011 and was in the lineup that night at Wrigley Field against the New York Mets. His first at-bat resulted in an RBI double. He elected free agency on November 28.
Philadelphia Phillies.
Montañez was signed to a minor league contract by the Philadelphia Phillies on December 21, 2011. He also received an invitation to spring training. He began the year with Triple-A Lehigh Valley. On May 4, Montañez was released.
St. Louis Cardinals.
On May 21, Montañez signed a minor league deal with the St. Louis Cardinals and was assigned to Triple-A Memphis. In 101 total games that year, Montañez hit .241 with 26 RBI in 359 PA.
Somerset Patriots.
On April 3, 2013, Montañez signed with the Somerset Patriots of the Atlantic League. In 52 games with the club he hit .313 with 6HR and 41 RBI.
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
On June 20, Montañez signed a minor league deal with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He was assigned to Double-A Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18751216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751216" title="Lý Chiêu Hoàng">
Lý Chiêu Hoàng

Lý Chiêu Hoàng (1218–1278) was the eighth and last sovereign of the Lý Dynasty from 1224 to 1225 and the only empress regnant in the history of Vietnam. Chosen by the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông as his successor at the age of only six, Lý Chiêu Hoàng ruled the country under the total influence of Trần Thủ Độ and the Trần clan in the royal court. It was Trần Thủ Độ who arranged the marriage between the 6-year old empress regnant and his 7-year-old nephew Trần Cảnh and ultimately overthrew the Lý Dynasty to found the Trần Dynasty in 1225. After the coronation of Trần Cảnh, now Trần Thái Tông, Lý Chiêu Hoàng was downgraded to Empress Chiêu Thánh and finally to Princess Chiêu Thánh when she was forced by Trần Thủ Độ to give up the position of empress consort to her elder sister Princess Thuận Thiên. Afterwards, she was married one more time to general Lê Phụ Trần, with whom she had two children. Lý Chiêu Hoàng's complicated and tragic life was a fine example of the turbulent time of the Late Lý and Early Trần Dynasty in the history of Vietnam.
Background.
Lý Chiêu Hoàng was born in September of Lunar calendar 1218 as Lý Phật Kim (李佛金), subsequently changed to Lý Thiên Hinh (李天馨), second child of the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông and the Empress Trần Thị Dung. She had an elder sister, Princess Thuận Thiên, who was born in 1216 and later married to Prince Phụng Càn (Vietnamese: Phụng Càn vương) Trần Liễu, Lý Phật Kim herself was entitled as Princess Chiêu Thánh (昭聖), the only available successor for the throne.
Having been mentally ill for a long time, the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông ultimately decided to cede the throne of the Lý Dynasty to crown princess Lý Chiêu Hoàng in October of Lunar calendar, 1224. Lý Chiêu Hoàng thus became the only empress regnant in history of Vietnam. This decision of Lý Huệ Tông was considered by the historian Ngô Sĩ Liên as the crucial factor leading to the collapse of the Lý Dynasty, because if he had chosen a capable member of the royal family instead of his young princess, the situation for the Dynasty could have been different.
History.
As Empress Regnant.
Succeeding to the throne at the age of only six, Lý Chiêu Hoàng ruled under the total influence of Commander of Royal Guard Trần Thủ Độ and other members of the Trần clan, who began to take over power in the royal court during the reign of Lý Huệ Tông. Even the Empress Regnant's servants were chosen by Trần Thủ Độ, so that trusted servants of Lý Chiêu Hoàng all came from the Trần clan, such as Trần Bất Cập, Trần Thiêm or Trần Thủ Độ's 7-year-old nephew Trần Cảnh. When Trần Cảnh informed Trần Thủ Độ that the Empress Regnant seemed to have affection towards him, the leader of the Trần clan immediately decided to use this chance to carry out his plot of overthrowing the Lý Dynasty and founding his clan's own dynasty. Firstly Trần Thủ Độ moved the whole Trần clan to the royal palace and arranged a secret marriage between Lý Chiêu Hoàng and Trần Cảnh there, without the appearance of any mandarin or member of the Lý royal family. The royal marriage took place in October or November 1225, when Lý Chiêu Hoàng and Trần Cảnh were both only 7 years old. After that, he announced the fait accompli to the royal court and made Lý Chiêu Hoàng cede the throne to her newly married husband for the reason that she was not capable for the position, so Trần Cảnh was chosen as her successor. Hence, the 216-year reign of the Lý Dynasty was ended and the new Trần Dynasty was created on the first day of the twelfth lunar month, 1225 (December 31, 1225). The only era name of the Empress Regnant was Thiên Chương Hữu Đạo (天彰有道).
After the coronation of Trần Cảnh, now Trần Thái Tông, Lý Chiêu Hoàng was downgraded to Empress Consort Chiêu Thánh (Chiêu Thánh hoàng hậu) in January 1226. Although Trần Thừa, father of the new emperor, acted as Regent in the royal court, it was the grand chancellor Trần Thủ Độ who held absolute power in the court and decided both military and civil matters of the country. Still afraid that the newly founded rule of the Trần Dynasty might be overthrown by its political opponents, Trần Thủ Độ continued to eliminate members of the Lý royal family by his ruthless method. The grand chancellor ordered Lý Chiêu Hoàng's father, Lý Huệ Tông, to commit suicide on October 8 of Lunar calendar 1226 while married her mother Empress Trần Thị Dung, now Princess Thiên Cực. These actions of Trần Thủ Độ were criticized by Ngô Sĩ Liên in his "Đại Việt sử kí toàn thư" as an inhumane decision, despite his initial motive of reinforcing the reign of Trần Thái Tông. Not satisfied with the death of Huệ Tông, Trần Thủ Độ decided to kill off all members of the Lý royal family in August 1232 during the death anniversary of Lý emperors held in Thái Đường, Hoa Lâm (now Nam Trực, Nam Định). However, the authenticity of this event was challenged by the historian Ngô Sĩ Liên because a member of the Lý clan was still appointed as general by Trần Anh Tông and there was no account of this event in Phan Phu Tiên's historical record.
As empress and princess.
According to "Đại Việt sử kí toàn thư", Empress Chiêu Thánh could not bear a child for the Emperor for a while; this situation in the royal family worried grand chancellor Trần Thủ Độ because he had exploited the same situation involving the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông to overthrow the Lý Dynasty. Therefore in 1237 Trần Thủ Độ decided to force Trần Liễu to give up his wife Princess Thuận Thiên for the Emperor when she had already been pregnant with Trần Quốc Khang for three months. After the royal marriage, Thuận Thiên was made the new empress of the Trần Dynasty while Chiêu Thánh was downgraded to princess. In fury at losing his pregnant wife, Trần Liễu raised a revolt against the royal family; meanwhile Thái Tông felt awkward about the situation and decided to became a monk in Yên Tử Mountain. Eventually Trần Thủ Độ persuaded Thái Tông to return to the throne and Trần Liễu surrendered after judging that he could not prevail with his small force. All the soldiers who participated in this revolt were killed; Trần Thủ Độ even wanted to behead Trần Liễu but was stopped by Thái Tông. Vietnamese historians in feudal era such as Ngô Sĩ Liên or Phan Phu Tiên often criticized the decisions of Trần Thủ Độ and Trần Thái Tông in this situation and considered it the origin of the downfall of the Trần Dynasty afterwards during the reign of Trần Dụ Tông.
In 1258, Thái Tông decided to remarry Princess Chiêu Thánh to the general Lê Phụ Trần because he had an essential role in the victory of Đại Việt over the first Mongol invasion. This event was one more time criticized in historical books for the lack of moral code in marriage during the Early Trần period. Princess Chiêu Thánh died in Cổ Pháp in March 1278 at the age of 61. With the second husband Lê Phụ Trần, she had two children, Marquis Lê Tông and Princess Ứng Thụy Lê Khuê.
Legacy.
Because of her role in the collapse of the Lý Dynasty, Lý Chiêu Hoàng was not worshipped along with her ancestors, and the eight previous emperors of the Lý Dynasty, at the Lý Bát Đế Temple (Bắc Ninh); her ancestral tablet was only placed in a nearby shrine which was smaller than the main temple. From the beginning of 2009, this shrine was renovated on a large scale on the occasion of the millenary anniversary of Hanoi which was founded by the Lý Dynasty. This restoration was criticized by several newspapers and residents because almost all architectural features at the shrine were demolished and totally rebuilt despite the fact that the shrine was already credited as a national historical relic of Vietnam. Responding to the criticism, the official responsible for this renovation stated that the temple was actually not as ancient as others thought and they had to rebuild from the foundation because the shrine was in very bad shape and reconstruction was necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18751228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751228" title="William Prichard (priest)">
William Prichard (priest)

William Prichard (c. 1563 – 1629) was a Welsh clergyman and academic at the University of Oxford.
Life.
Prichard, from Monmouthshire, matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 1 November 1581 at the age of 18, obtaining his BA degree from Christ Church, Oxford on 14 June 1585 and his MA on 15 May 1588. He was university Proctor in 1595. He was appointed vicar of Abergavenny in 1589, vicar of Caerwent thereafter, and became rector of Ewelme, Oxfordshire in 1606 (holding this position until his death in 1629). He was also a canon of Sarum and of St Paul's, being appointed to these positions in 1620. He was appointed as a Fellow of Jesus College, Oxford by the royal charter of 1622.

</doc>
<doc id="18751243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751243" title="Whitney House">
Whitney House

Whitney House or Whitney Mansion may refer to:
in the United States (by state then city)

</doc>
<doc id="18751247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751247" title="To Before">
To Before

To Before is a double CD of Comsat Angels demos and outtakes released by Renascent Records in 2007. The tracks cover the years 1978 to 1993 and were salvaged from old cassette tapes, DATs and bootlegs. CD One covers some of the earliest years of the band and includes the entire "Red Planet" EP, the Comsat Angels' first record. CD Two contains demo versions of songs from later albums, plus three finished tracks from the album "Fire on the Moon". 
Comsats frontman Steve Fellows said of "To Before", "Some of tracks are a tad rough — it's a bit warts-and-all in places! But I guess it shows what we were trying to do."

</doc>
<doc id="18751251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751251" title="Hampson">
Hampson

Hampson is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751263" title="Nuvuk Islands">
Nuvuk Islands

The uninhabited Nuvuk Islands, members of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, are located in the Hudson Bay, at the western outlet of Digges Sound, just west of the Ungava Peninsula. The island group is a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18751276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751276" title="Sonata Arctica discography">
Sonata Arctica discography

The discography of Sonata Arctica includes: 7 studio albums, 2 live albums, 2 compilation albums, 2 video album, 5 music videos, 4 EPs, 12 singles, and 4 demos.

</doc>
<doc id="18751282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751282" title="Commercial finance advisor">
Commercial finance advisor

A commercial finance advisor is a professional banker whom businesses contract to consult on business financing and corporate banking relationships. 
Fluent in all manner of commercial finance options available, as well as holding a deep understanding of business cash flow and bank credit assessment processes, the commercial finance advisor can become an invaluable ally of business. 
Commercial finance advisors are not just finance brokers, though this is a small subset of the service that they provide.

</doc>
<doc id="18751283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751283" title="HLA-B70">
HLA-B70

HLA-B70 (B70) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies certain B*15 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B70 is one of many split antigens of the broad antigen, B15.

</doc>
<doc id="18751312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751312" title="Karstens">
Karstens

Karstens is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751327" title="Thomas Prichard">
Thomas Prichard

Thomas Prichard (born c. 1591) was a Welsh clergyman and academic at the University of Oxford.
Life.
Prichard, from Pembrokeshire, matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 19 June 1610 at the age of 19. He obtained his BA degree on 4 November 1612 and his MA on 4 July 1615. He became a Fellow of the college at about this time, and his position was confirmed in the royal charter issued to the college in 1622. He obtained his BD and DD degrees on 9 July 1628. He held various benefices in Pembrokeshire, becoming a Prebendary of Brecon in 1629 and rector of Llandysul in Ceredigion in 1632.

</doc>
<doc id="18751336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751336" title="1931 census of Palestine">
1931 census of Palestine

The 1931 census of Palestine was the second census carried out by the authorities of the British Mandate of Palestine. It was carried out on 18 November 1931 under the direction of Major E. Mills. The first census had been conducted in 1922. Following the 1931 census, no further census was conducted in Palestine by the British administration.
The total population reported was 1,035,821 (1,033,314 excluding the numbers of H.M. Forces) – an increase of 36.8% since 1922, of which the Jewish population increased by 108.4%. 
The population was divided by religion as follows: 759,717 Muslims, 174,610 Jews, 91,398 Christians, 9,148 Druzes, 350 Bahais, 182 Samaritans, and 421 "no religion". A special problem was posed by the nomadic Bedouin of the south, who were reluctant to cooperate. Estimates of each tribe were made by officers of the district administration according to local observation. The total of 759,717 Muslims included 66,553 persons enumerated by this method. The number of foreign British forces stationed in Palestine in 1931 totalled 2,500.
Publications.
Three volumes of data derived from the census were published by the Government of Palestine. They were edited by the Superintendent of Census and Assistant Chief Secretary, E. Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="18751341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751341" title="Nkoranza">
Nkoranza

Nkoranza (or Nkoransa) is a town located in the mid-north of Ghana. It is the district capital of the Nkoranza District in the Brong-Ahafo Region. 
A leading Brong town, the town led the 1892-93 Brong rebellion against the Ashanti.
Transport.
Nkoranza is the location of a proposed railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18751352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751352" title="Ferry-boat Baía de São José I">
Ferry-boat Baía de São José I

The Baía de São José I is the largest Brazilian ferry. It is operated by "Servi-Porto", of Maranhão, and runs a regular route between São Luís and Alcântara.

</doc>
<doc id="18751366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751366" title="List of MetroLink (St. Louis) stations">
List of MetroLink (St. Louis) stations

MetroLink is a light rail transit system serving the Greater St. Louis area. The system is operated by the Bi-State Development Agency, which since 2003 is doing business as Metro. Serving over 67,000 passengers a day, MetroLink is one of the largest light rail systems in the United States in terms of ridership.
MetroLink began service on July 31, 1993 with the opening of the Red Line segment from North Hanley to 5th & Missouri. An extension to Lambert-St. Louis International Airport was opened a year later. Since then, the system has had two major expansions. The first expansion, known as the St. Clair County Extension, was completed on May 5, 2001 with the extension of the Red Line to Belleville, Illinois and two years later to Scott Air Force Base. The second major expansion, known as the Cross County Extension, was completed on August 26, 2006 with the addition of the Blue Line from the Forest Park-DeBaliviere station to the Shrewsbury-Lansdowne I-44 station via Clayton, Missouri.
The system currently has 37 stations, of which 28 stations are served by the Red Line and 24 stations are served by the Blue Line. There are 15 stations that are served by both lines. The city of St. Louis and St. Louis County in Missouri have 12 and 14 stations, respectively, with the remaining 11 stations located in St. Clair County, Illinois. In terms of daily ridership, Central West End is the most heavily used station, while Sunnen is the least.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18751391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751391" title="Steeplechase (roller coaster)">
Steeplechase (roller coaster)

A Steeplechase roller coaster has several side-by-side tracks in a dueling "racing" arrangement. Riders straddle horse-shaped single cars and launch simultaneously, as from a horse-race starting line.
The Steeplechase, Pleasure Beach Blackpool is the last remaining example of a steeplechase roller coaster still in operation.
Motorcycle Chase/Wacky Soap Box Racers was removed 1996 for a dueling loop coaster Windjammer Surf Racers and now a vertical, launch coaster takes its place Xcelerator.

</doc>
<doc id="18751400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751400" title="Henry Bould">
Henry Bould

Henry Bould (or Bolde) (born c. 1602) was a Welsh academic at the University of Oxford in the 17th century.
Life.
Bould, from Caernarvonshire, Wales, matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 1 June 1621 at the age of 19, and obtained his BA degree on 19 November 1621. He was named as one of the scholars of the college's foundation in the royal charter issued by James I in 1622. He obtained his MA on 1 July 1624. He was appointed as a Fellow of the college in 1623, holding this position until 1638.

</doc>
<doc id="18751430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751430" title="List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Young Adult Novel winners">
List of Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Young Adult Novel winners

The Edgar Allan Poe Awards (popularly called the Edgars), named after Edgar Allan Poe, are presented every year by the Mystery Writers of America. They remain the most prestigious awards in the entire mystery genre. The award for Best Young Adult Mystery was established in 1989 and recognizes works written for ages twelve to eighteen, and grades eight through twelve. Prior to the establishment of this award, the Mystery Writers of America awarded a special Edgar to Katherine Paterson for "The Master Puppeteer" in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18751468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751468" title="Qiu Jian (sport shooter)">
Qiu Jian (sport shooter)

Qiu Jian (; born June 25, 1975 in Huai'an, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18751471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751471" title="Nikolai Osyanin">
Nikolai Osyanin

Nikolai Viktorovich Osyanin () (born December 12, 1941 in Sobolevskoye, Tatarstan) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Osyanin made his debut for USSR on December 4, 1965 in a friendly against Uruguay and scored on his debut (in fact, he scored less than a minute after coming on as a substitute with 19 minutes to go in the game). Despite that, he did not play again for the national team until 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18751478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751478" title="Chocolatier (video game)">
Chocolatier (video game)

Chocolatier is a casual strategy video game with action game elements, developed by Big Splash Games and published by PlayFirst. The game was initially released as a download on May 1, 2007 and was followed by CD-ROM release on September 27, 2007. Players assume the role of a young Chocolatier, who must navigate 14 cities across the globe while buying ingredients, manufacturing chocolates, and selling them to chocolate shops. Two modes of play are available: in story mode the player must rebuild an almost bankrupt chocolate empire and acquire 64 chocolate recipes from across the world; in free mode players start out with scant resources and must become successful chocolatiers.
"Chocolatier" was the first game developed by Big Splash Games, a trio of experienced video game designers, who initially remained employees whilst developing a prototype game in their spare time. This prototype was rejected by publishers, but after coming up with the premise of "Chocolatier" the team was signed-up by PlayFirst and completed the title. The game received a mostly positive reception: reviewers enjoyed the action mini-game which is played when chocolates are manufactured, as well as the game's graphics, sound, and Victorian-era presentation.
Gameplay.
The player assumes the role of a young chocolatier in 1880, during the Victorian era. The game has two modes of play: story and free play. Story mode involves a number of quests, including delivering specific chocolates and restoring the fictional Baumeister chocolate empire to its former glory. The player is enlisted by Evangeline Baumeister to rebuild the Baumeister chocolate empire which has been ruined by Evangeline's younger sister who scattered chocolate recipes around the world. The player must locate the 64 lost recipes, visit 14 different cities across the globe, purchase 6 closed Baumeister factories, establish business relationships with outlets and suppliers, and manufacture chocolates to keep in business. Free play mode allows the player to travel, manufacture, and trade without undertaking quests. This mode starts the player with a small amount of cash and all chocolate recipes unlocked for use. In story mode, players begin with a single factory and a recipe for simple chocolate bars, the player must visit the market to purchase ingredients and begin the manufacturing process.
The game is turn-based. Each turn represents one week, and travelling between cities takes a number of turns depending on the proximity of the destination city. Many cities have a chocolate shop, where the player can sell his or her stock, and a market where ingredients can be purchased. Some specialty cacao beans can only be purchased from plantations in certain cities. Factories manufacturing chocolates produce a set amount of product every turn, as long as the required ingredients are in stock. During story mode, quests are given by non-player characters; these typically involve producing a particular volume and type of chocolate and delivering it to another non-player character, who is either traveling or can be found at a set location. Quest rewards take the form of a high price for the chocolates or a new recipe. Some encounters with characters give the player an opportunity to gamble a large amount of money on a dice roll. Market owners can be bartered with, though this carries the risk of them becoming irritated and raising prices rather than lowering them. 
When producing a particular chocolate for the first time, a mini-game is played where ingredients are fired from a cannon to fill circular trays which revolve around the cannon. The ingredients and quantities needed vary, depending on the recipe. Each time a circle is filled with the correct ingredients, it is removed and an empty circle put in its place. The trays spin faster as more circles are filled. If too many ingredients are wasted by misfiring the cannon, production is brought to a halt and the mini-game must be attempted again. The mini-game ends when the timer runs out; the number of completed circles is equal to the number of chocolates produced by that factory every week. The mini-game cannot be played unless the player owns the correct ingredients, and it can be replayed if the player wishes to try and improve the efficiency of the factory. Playing the mini-game advances in-game time by one week. Different chocolate types, such as truffles and squares, require the factory to be upgraded first, costing money.
Development.
Tucson, Arizona based Big Splash Games was formed in late 2005 by three veterans of the videogame industry: Jon Blossom, Stephen Lewis and Michael Wyman. They came together to produce a prototype video game for the casual market. They worked on this for a few months when they were not working (they still held jobs within the industry to support themselves). This prototype was pitched to a few publishers in order to gain feedback. PlayFirst, though not interested in the prototype, issued the team a request for proposal for an economic simulation game, hoping that Big Splash could produce another proposal. The next morning, Big Splash co-founder Stephen Lewis remembered that he had been told that some people, in particular women, "have an almost religious connection with chocolate". Taking this idea he quickly wrote a proposal and forwarded it to his two partners. After brainstorming the idea the team decided that it satisfied PlayFirst's request for proposal, forwarded a copy of the idea and received word from the publisher that they "had hit the nail on the head".
"Chocolatier" was designed to appeal to women aged between 35 and 55, a different market compared to the games previously developed by the trio. In order to immerse themselves in the subject matter during development, Big Splash's staff tasted as many variety of chocolates as they could find and took the Scharffen Berger Chocolate Maker factory tour, where they witnessed the full "bean to bar" process. The factory mini-game was developed in order to give players a break from the economic side of the game, which involves buying low and selling high. It took approximately the same time to produce the mini-game as it did to create the rest of the game, which drained the developer's resources, though Stephen Lewis believed this was "the right decision". Journalists were sent "Chocolatier"-branded chocolate bars and "golden tickets" which allowed them to download the game for free, in order to promote the game's release. The game's sequel, "Chocolatier 2: Secret Ingredients" was first released on November 27, 2007. "" is the third installment, released in 2009. There is another installment called "The Great Chocolate Chase: A Chocolatier Twist" put out by PlayFirst.
Reception.
"Chocolatier" was awarded Gamezebo's Zeeby award for best strategy game of 2007. The game received a positive response from critics, though GameZone's Anise Hollingshead found the game too easy, noting "there really isn’t a whole lot of thinking involved." other reviewers called it "a delightfully challenging business tycoon game", "challenging but not frustratingly so", and said that the game "turned out as beautifully as the chocolates." The game's graphics and sound received praise: Marc Saltzman noted "the game's wonderful art style and delightful music", but website Killer Betties' Jason Van Horn found the graphics "alright, simply doing what it needs to do to get its gameplay across."
Reviewers praised the amount of freedom given to players, Meryl Evans of Blogcritics stated "There was no right or wrong, or a set path you must take", but added that the game lost pace when she had gathered a large amount of money and had to find a specific character to speak with before completing her current quest. After finding the non-player character, the game "picked up again and kept me hopping for the rest of it." Didi Cardoso of website Grrl Gamer also enjoyed the freedom, but noted that sometimes she felt lost and was unsure of how to find the location of the next recipe. The chocolate manufacturing mini-game was also praised as "fun". Peter Cohen of "Macworld" noted that some fans of business simulators might find the mini-game "off-putting", but also suggested that it helped break up gameplay. Marc Saltzman expressed the same opinion, while Anise Hollingshead found the mini-game to be too easy to play.

</doc>
<doc id="18751502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751502" title="Call 911">
Call 911

Call 911 is a television show that premiered as a Court TV special on August 21, 2007, and began airing as a series on July 30, 2008 on Investigation Discovery. The series began airing on Discovery Fit & Health in February 2011. Each episode documents real 911 calls from people in trouble to emergency dispatchers. Call 911 was initially picked up as a twenty-episode series, but Investigation Discovery ordered a second season which consisted of 40 additional episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18751507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751507" title="Qiu Jian">
Qiu Jian

Qiu Jian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751516" title="Cañari">
Cañari

The Cañari (in Kichwa: Kañari) are an indigenous ethnic group traditionally inhabiting the territory of the modern provinces of Azuay and Cañar in Ecuador; the term also refers to an independent pre-Hispanic tribal confederation of the same name, from which the modern people are descended. They are particularly noted for their resistance against the Inca Empire. Eventually conquered by the Inca shortly before the arrival of the Spanish, the Cañari would later ally with the Spanish against the Inca. Today, the population of Cañari, which includes many mestizos, numbers only in the thousands.
Their greatest significance was the defense against numerous Incan armies for many years. Through wars and marriages, the Inca Empire conquered their territory under the lead of Huayna Capac to the north. The Cañaris were loosely assimilated into the vast empire, allowed to manage their own affairs but adopting a new language.
The tribe existed largely around the Tumebamba area. Due in part to Incan influence and mandate, Cañari construction reportedly rivaled that of the Incan capital, Cuzco. Of particular repute was the impressive and beautiful architecture of Tumebamba, which has often been referred to as the "second Cuzco."
During the Inca Civil War between the sons of Huayna Capac, the Cañaris chose to support Huáscar, despite being positioned in the northern area inherited by the son and heir Atahualpa. Initially, Huáscar's generals Atoc and Hango were successful, defeating Atahualpa's army and capturing many of his soldiers, including seizure of the large cities Cajamarca and Tumebamba.
Aided by his father's loyal generals, Atahualpa managed to rout the Huáscaran army in the battles of Mullihambato and Chimborazo. This forced the interlopers back to the south. He captured and executed Huascar's generals and executed the Cañari supporters once he reached Tumebamba.
Túpac Yupanqui conquered the Huancabambas, the most southern of the Cañari allies.
Origins.
The word Cañari comes from "kan" meaning "snake" and "ara" meaning "macaw". According to some linguists, it means the Cañari believed their ancestors were the snake and the macaw. Another explanation is that they considered these animals sacred, as is demonstrated by stories and designs. Within the great Cañari family, there were groups with their own cultures. One of these was the Peleusis, which was located in the area of the modern city of Azogues and had hegemony over neighbouring tribes.
According to a traditional story, the location of the Pelusis was founded by the "caciques" "Tenemaza" and "Carchipulla". These surnames still exist in the province.
Myth.
Within the Cañaris, it was found that they had an oral tradition similar to that of the Bible, and Gilgamesh. According to myth it was said that a giant flood occurred in which everyone perished except two brothers who had perched on top of a high mountain. After the flood, both brothers returned to their hut, they found that it had been fixed along with food prepared. This went on a few days until one of the brothers Urcocari (male hill) decided to stay, and was able to discover that a women with a macaw face was responsible for the food. Thus, he took her as his wife, and repopulated the world.
Territory.
The Cañari were a group or confederacy of united tribes who formed a people; they inhabited the area from the limits of Azuay to Saraguro, from the Gualaquiza mountains to the Narajal beaches and the coasts of the Jambelí canal. Within the Cañari territory, the most important areas were Cañaribamba, Cojitambo, Chobshi, Shabalula, Molleturo, Coyoctor, Culebrillas, Yacubiñay, Guapondelig and Hatun Cañar. After the Inca Conquest, the newcomers renamed the last two Tumebamba and Ingapirca, respectively. Located in the present-day provinces of Azuay, Cañar, and El Oro in what is modern Ecuador, ruins and archeological remains of Cañari and Inca cultured influence are left in many of those locations.
Túpac Yupanqui renamed Guapondelig as Tumebamba. He had the palace of Pumapungo constructed, from which he governed the northern sector of the Inca empire. Years later, Huayna Cápac returned to the north of the empire to put down the rebellion of the northern tribes,
The largest known ruins of the Cañari-Inca confederation are:
Of these four, Ingapirca is the best known. Pumapungo is not well known, although it is located in the centre of the city of Cuenca, behind the Museo del Banco Central. Chobshi and Yacubiñay have not been studied intensely or excavated by professional archeologists.
Culture.
The Cañari people were supposed to have had a federative monarchy. Each leader had hegemony over their individual tribe, however in certain cases the confederacy, would unite and choose a single leader, in cases of disasters or wars. 
Some held a matriarchal society. This was one of the principal reasons the Inca were able to use marriage to subjugate them. By marrying a female leader, the Inca gained de facto power over certain Cañari.
The Cañari used a lunar calendar and built temples in circular or moon-like shapes. At Ingapirca, examples of round Cañari buildings can be seen juxtaposed against rectangular Inca buildings. The site also has stone "calendars". These devices are stones with holes drilled in them in various positions at various angles. The holes are filled with water to reflect celestial bodies. Each one reflects at different times giving dates.
As many as ten Cañari dialects may have survived into the current century. Any surviving speakers are few and far between, and almost no information seems to be available about the languages or how to speak them. Most indigenous people in Ecuador claim to speak Kichwa or Spanish.
Canari Language.
The Cañaris had an autonomous dialect today called Cañari language, today its unknown and dead.
During the Inca conquest, the Canaris learned Quechua ( Kichwa ), but, as always, the language of the conquering people was enriched with many vernacular words taken from the language of the conquered people, so the names of certain objects or places such as rivers, mountains, etc. . today hold no synonym sense in Quechua. In this aspect we find names in many rivers, mountains and towns that have no meaning in Quechua / Kichwa .
During Spanish colonialism a catechism was ordered to be made in cañari language, given the need to evangelize this population. However, no copy of it has reached our days . With the passage of time evangelism in the language of each people was very difficult, so it was decreed that vernacular speaking Cañaris learn Kichwa, propelling the language into disuse, and obsolescent . The lack of documentation makes very little known about this language.
Accent.
The Cuenca accent, is theorized to be the relic of the original canari language. Its distribution is in the footprint of the original Canari settlements, being more prevalent in rural communities where the pronunciation is stronger. The contrast of thinking that its origin come from the Quechua dialect is that the presence does not extend past the provinces of Canar and Azuay, while the Kichwa is present outside these . The accent of Cuenca also has its presence in northwestern Argentina, and theory suggest that it could have originated from mitimaes brought by the Incas in the wars of expansion. The accent ' cantadito ' is also present in places of Bolivia .
Inca conquest.
Túpac Yupanqui.
The Inca brought numerous armies, battle hardened and well disciplined; and the Huancabambas escaped terrified to the mountains and hills where some died of hunger rather than submit to the invading Incan armies.
The triumph over the Paltas was even more complete because they surrendered themselves and were incorporated into the Inca "empire". Notwithstanding such docility, Túpac Yupanqui took some thousands of them and sent them far from their territories to the remote provinces of Collao, and settled the land of the Paltas with mitimaes from other provinces. The fortresses, which had been prepared the highlands of Saraguro, did not help them at all because the presence of Inca troops in the valley made them know that all resistance would be useless.
Having vanquished and subjugated the Paltas, Túpac Yupanqui continued the conquest of the Cañari. The Cañari were numerous and had been for much time before silently preparing for the defense of their lands and their independence: they had celebrated a union of all the leaders and elected Dumma as chief and had, moreover, a considerable army. Túpac Yupanqui thought that he should not lose time or give the Cañari space to fortify more: he thus rushed his troops and attacked the enemies, expecting to defeat them by surprise; but he was mistaken because the Cañari were aware of the attack and had occupied all the difficult passes. The battle was, thus, intense and the Inca retreated hastily toward Saraguro, seeing that the defeat of tribes as astute as they were bellicose was not so easy as he had imagined.
The defeat of the Inca inspired new bravery in the Cañari and, combining valor with strategy, they communicated secretly with the Paltas, inciting them to rebel against the Inca: such a risky enterprise unnerved the Paltas and, after consulting with their wisemen what to do, they resolved to tell Túpac Yupanqui of the Cañari plans. The proud Túpac Yupanqui was offended and resolved not to return to Cuzco without first subjugating the Cañari. He sent for reinforcements from all of the Inca "empire"; and while they were arriving, he constructed a fortification along the border between the Paltas and the Cañari.
Knowing of these Inca preparations and seeing the works or preparations for war that had begun, morale began to weaken, and the strength with which the first assault was resisted was exchanged with discouragement. They began to look for a peaceful solution and, at last, sent messengers to the Inca, charged with offering to submit to his "empire". The Cañari were famous for being fickle. As such, the Inca did not believe them at first, only after taking measures for his security and demanding, as one of those measures, that Dumma and other leaders send their own children as hostages, did he believe it. Túpac Yupanqui, thus assured, began to travel toward the province of Azuay; but before entering it personally, he sent his most trusted official to arrange for dignified accommodations and to determine the resolve of the Cañari and discover any plans for treachery.
The Cañari received the envoy of the Inca with grand celebration, and in a very short time constructed a palace that would house their new lord; and when he appeared, finally, on their land, they came out to encounter him, giving public and solemn manifestations of sincere respect and of celebration. The Cañaris were loosely assimilated into the vast empire, allowed to manage their own affairs but adopting a new language.
Túpac Yupanqui stayed a long time in the province of Azuay, taking away a considerable number of its native inhabitants and moving them to Cuzco; he constructed bridges on the rivers and ordered the construction of various buildings, as many religious as non-religious, wanting to earnn the affection of the Cañari and have them as subjects. Túpac Yupanqui beautified the city of Tumibamba where his son Huayna Capac was born.
He gave the order to construct two fortresses: one in Achupallas, and another in Pumallacta. He built in the roughest location of the mountain chain a residence for the convenience of his army and subjugation, without any difficulty, of the Quillacos, who lived in the valley of Guasunos and Alausí. So ended the conquest of the Cañari and the incorporation of their territory in the Inca "empire".
Huáscar and Atahuallpa.
During the civil war between Huáscar and Atahuallpa, the sons of Huayna Cápac, the Cañari chose to support Huáscar, despite being positioned in the northern area inherited by the son and heir Atahuallpa. Initially, Huáscar's generals Atoc and Hango were successful, defeating Atahuallpa's army and capturing many of his soldiers, including seizure of the large cities Cajamarca and Tumebamba.
Aided by his father's loyal generals, Atahuallpa managed to rout the Huáscaran army in the battles of Mullihambato and Chimborazo. This forced the interlopers back to the south. He captured and executed Huáscar's generals and executed the Cañari supporters once he reached Tumebamba. The Cañari were punished heavily, leaving only 12 thousand of their original population of 50 thousand.
Spanish conquest.
When Francisco Pizarro arrived at Tumbes, he received news that the Cañari were against the government of Atahuallpa. The Cañari hoped the Spanish people would liberate them from the Incas, and Pizarro included the Cañari among his troops to face Atahuallpa and Inca resistance.
In 1583, Cañari and Spanish soldiers defeated the Inca in the battle of Sacsayhuamán.

</doc>
<doc id="18751535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751535" title="Pendaflex">
Pendaflex

Pendaflex is an office organization solutions company headquartered in Melville, NY, USA.
Pendaflex is a wholly owned subsidiary of Esselte Corporation, a $1.2 billion office products company with subsidiaries in 28 countries and distribution in more than 120 countries. Pendaflex is the principal U.S. filing brand of Esselte Corporation.
Company history.
1882–1909: the early years.
The company was founded in Manhattan in 1882 by brothers Charles S. Jonas and Richard A. Jonas. Their company, Charles S. Jonas and Brother, first operated in the niche field of paper ruling, where they provided the service of ruling lines on paper for customers.
After the turn of the century, businesses started to utilize filing systems with index cards and file folders. Thus began Charles S. Jonas and Brother first venture into manufacturing their own items. The product line was at first limited to index cards and guides, and gradually expanded, with sales covering a larger territory. The company was renamed Record Card Company in 1909, as a reflection of their new manufacturing endeavor.
1918–1939: new product development.
In 1918, the Record Card Company first registered Oxford as a brand name. The success of the Oxford brand led the company to change its name in 1921 to the Oxford Filing Supply Company. The firm continued to specialize in filing supplies, introducing many new items which contributed to the growth of the filing industry. In 1939, the company began making expanding envelopes and introduced the convenience of file folder labels in rolls, as well as corrugated board transfer files in a drawer style. The company's most significant advance, however, was the Oxford Pendaflex hanging file folder. This was the now familiar filing pouch that hooked over the sides of a file drawer. Smaller files placed inside the hanging file allowed the drawer to be easily subdivided. The company called its Pendaflex hanging file the greatest development in filing since the evolution of the filing folder.
1940–1968: U.S. expansion.
Oxford Filing Supply gradually expanded its operations beyond the New York City area, establishing a Midwestern base in the 1930s, with a factory in St. Louis. Its main plant moved in 1948 from Brooklyn to Garden City, New York. The company built a West Coast manufacturing facility in 1953 in Los Angeles, and the St. Louis and Los Angeles plants were expanded several times in the 1960s. Also during this time, the company opened new facilities in Augusta, Georgia, and in East Rutherford, New Jersey, while establishing an equipment division in Long Island, which later moved to larger quarters in Moonachie, New Jersey.
1969–1975: international expansion.
Oxford Filing Supply Company changed its name in 1969 to reflect its leading brand, and the company became the Oxford Pendaflex Corporation. 1972, Pendaflex introduced the color-coded system of filing. Business continued to grow, and, during the early 1970s, Oxford Pendaflex expanded its New Jersey, Missouri, Georgia, and California facilities. By 1976, the company had subsidiaries in Mexico, Costa Rica, and Venezuela, employed a work force of 1,200, and had a marketing organization supplying approximately 5,500 dealers and 60 wholesalers across the United States and Canada.
1976–1978: the takeover.
The company's comprehensive North American marketing organization was an attractive asset, and, in 1976, the Swedish office supply firm Esselte AB made a lucrative offer for Oxford Pendaflex. Oxford Pendaflex shares had been trading on the New York Stock Exchange for between $13 and $14 a share, and Esselte offered $23 a share to take over the American company. The two companies announced an agreement in March 1976, and Oxford Pendaflex became part of the Swedish company's Esselte Business Systems group. Esselte was a much larger firm than Oxford Pendaflex, with 1975 sales of approximately $350 million, compared to an estimated $60 million for the American firm. Esselte had positioned itself as one of the world's leading companies in office equipment, and it was willing to pay a high price for Oxford Pendaflex in order to gain access to the American and Canadian market.
Sales grew in the years after the take over, reaching close to $75 million by 1978. That year Oxford Pendaflex, backed by parent company Esselte, took over the California company Dymo Industries, which was well known for its Dymotape labeling equipment. Dymo had revenues of close to $210 million, and more than half of its sales came from foreign operations. Esselte AB already distributed some of the Dymo line in Europe, and it paid out $43.5 million for the company. Although Dymo initially resisted the takeover, by July 1978 Oxford Pendaflex controlled 94 percent of Dymo's stock. Oxford took over the Dymo product lines, which included Ideal accounting books and the Sten-C-Labl addressing system in addition to Dymotape.
1979–1989: growth through acquisition.
The next year, Oxford Pendaflex changed its name to Esselte Pendaflex Corporation and continued to expand through acquisitions. In 1981, Esselte Pendaflex took over the operation of its parent's U.S. price marking division by integrating with the Esselte subsidiary Esselte Meto. Esselte Meto had been formed out of the price marking operations of Dymo and that of a 1980 acquisition, Primark. The company's next major addition was the Boorum & Pease Company in 1985. Boorum & Pease, based in Elizabeth, New Jersey, manufactured and marketed office supplies, record-keeping supplies, and information storage and retrieval products, and was a leading manufacturer of blank books and loose-leaf binders. The company had revenues of $70 million in 1985, and Esselte Pendaflex paid $40 million for it. That year, Esselte Pendaflex also acquired a Los Angeles firm called Universal Paper Goods. This company had a West Coast business manufacturing custom order folders and office supplies.
Esselte Business Systems, of which Esselte Pendaflex was a division, continued to pursue growth through acquisition. The company bought up nine firms in 1987 alone, with total combined annualized sales of around $85 million. The three divisions of Esselte Business Systems, which included Esselte Pendaflex for office supplies, a division specializing in graphic arts supplies, and a retail supply division, posted record sales and profits in 1987. Esselte Pendaflex also named a new
president that year, Theodore V. Kachel.
1990–1995: the decline.
In the early 1990s, however, the U.S. market for office supplies weakened significantly. Parent company Esselte AB was forced to institute a stringent cost-cutting plan that included large bouts of lay-offs in 1990 and 1991, in order to make up for the deteriorating market conditions in the United States, as well as in some European markets. Sales for Esselte Pendaflex dropped off steeply between 1989 and 1990, and revenue remained relatively static over the next few years. Operating income also shrank drastically between 1989 and 1990, and in 1993 the company posted a loss.
The company's difficulties were attributed in part to changes in the North American office supply market overall. Distribution became more concentrated as stores consolidated through mergers and acquisitions and new superstores became more important players. Competition was intense between the large distributors, and prices overall were forced down. By 1993, Esselte Pendaflex had a smaller pool of customers than in past years, though the customers on the whole were larger. Another change in the market lay in the declining number of white collar workers within major corporations. And though more people were working from their homes, with an estimated 39 million home offices in 1992, this did not altogether offset the loss of corporate workers.
Esselte Pendaflex was aware of these changing conditions and took steps to keep pace. However, the company's operating costs were very high in the early 1990s, and many of its products had low profit margins. This led to a disappointing drop in income. The company appointed a new divisional president in April 1993, Alan Wood. His mission was to reorganize the company for cost efficiency. Esselte Pendaflex expected to make major transitions through 1993 and 1994.
1995–present: new beginnings.
Despite recent changes in the market, the company still saw opportunity for growth and predicted improved profitability over the coming years. On July 11, 2002, the private equity investment firm, J.W. Childs, announced that it had decided to implement its public offer to the shareholders of Esselte/Pendaflex. The purchase price for Esselte was SEK 90 per share, equivalent to SEK 3,100 million (appr. $330 million). The change in ownership of Esselte provided a number of strong benefits to the company. The foremost among these was greater financial flexibility to pursue an aggressive, growth oriented strategy that included new product development and design in all product categories.
The J.W. Childs acquisition also brought with it a lean management system philosophy that bases manufacturing runs and procurement on what it sells. Pendaflex expects to reduce work-in-process inventory by 50% or more, and ultimately turn over finished goods inventory every month.
Technology and products.
Pendaflex makes general filing products and filing supplies, labeling systems and supplies, report covers and portfolios, bound books, binders and loose-leaf supplies, plastic office accessories, and document binding systems and supplies. Approximately 90 percent of the company's products are manufactured at the company's own production facilities in Missouri; Los Angeles, California, and other U.S. cities, as well as in Toronto, Canada. Pendaflex markets primarily in the United States and Canada, though its presence in the Mexican market is increasing. A small percentage of the company's sales include exports to the Caribbean, South and Central America, the Middle East, and Asia.
Environmentally friendly filing.
In 1990, Pendaflex launched Earthwise recycled filing supplies, a complete line of environmentally friendly products.
Products and technology associated with the Environmentally Friendly Filing line include:
Mobile Office File.
In 2000, Pendaflex introduced a new product called the Pendaflex Mobile File. The mobile file was developed for consumers who carry documents from one place to another - it is durable and water resistant.
Hanging file folders.
In February 2004, Pendaflex released another new product line, an update to the original hanging file folder, called Pendaflex Ready-Tab Hanging Folders. This product added pre-installed tabs across the top of the hanging folders.
Desktop organization.
In September 2006, Pendaflex launched its line of “PileSmart" products. After extensive research, Pendaflex discovered that half of office workers would rather pile documents than file them. This led to the development of filing system products that would allow workers to keep piling – in an organized fashion.
Products and technology associated with the PileSmart Desktop Organization line include:
Pendaflex Online Learning Center.
On March 19, 2003, Pendaflex launched the Pendaflex Learning Center, an online education source that educates consumers on organizational techniques and systems. Pendaflex Learning Centers teaches users office essentials such as Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint, and offers in-depth courses on critical topics such as starting, marketing, managing and growing a business.
I Hate Filing Club.
In 1986, Pendaflex launched the “I Hate Filing Club” for administrative professionals who dislike filing. An online version of the I Hate Filing Club was introduced in 1999.
Members of the I Hate Filing Club communicate with their peers and share organizational ideas in the online community through a community message board, a monthly “Keeping Tabs” newsletter and by interacting with Club President, Sharon Mann in the “Ask Sharon” forum.
The I Hate Filing Club has over 100,000 members.
The Pendaflex Administrative Professional Hall of Fame.
In 2005, I Hate Filing Club members were invited to nominate employees, coworkers or friends for the prestigious “Administrative Professional of the Year” title. Nominating essays were judged by the President of the International Association of Administrative Professionals (IAAP), the President of National Association of Professional Organizers (NAPO) and a team of Pendaflex executives. The winner received a spa vacation for two in Arizona and a $4,000 stipend, along with a golden PENDY, a fresh bouquet of flowers every month for a year and Pendaflex organizational products, including the Project Sorter, Mobile File and Get-A-Grip Expanding File.
Environmental record.
In the early 1990s, Pendaflex developed a line of products made from 100% recycled papers. This product line, called Earthwise, was the first line of filing supplies to meet or exceed the United States Environmental Protection Agency's revised guidelines of 30% for post-consumer and recycled content, as they were made from fiber that contains 50% post-consumer materials.
On April 30, 2008, Pendaflex announced that it achieved Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI Inc.) fiber sourcing certification across the United States. Fiber sourcing certification is granted when a company has verified that at least 66% of their supply comes from an SFI certified procurement operation. SFI's certification program is one of the largest in the world, with a standard based on principles and measures that promote responsible environmental behavior and sound forest management including measures to protect water quality, biodiversity, wildlife habitat, species at risk and forests of exceptional conservation value.

</doc>
<doc id="18751556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751556" title="Paul Danna">
Paul Danna

Paul Danna, AIA, is a registered architect living and residing in Los Angeles. Danna was born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri. He graduated from the University of Michigan, and was awarded an internship with the Institute for Architecture and Urban Studies. He earned his Master of Architecture degree from the Harvard University Graduate School of Design, and while a graduate student he was awarded the James Templeton Kelly Prize.
Upon completion of his degree, Danna was also awarded the Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM) Traveling Fellowship for design excellence. Early in his career, Danna worked with SOM, Houston & Los Angeles; I.M. Pei & Partners, New York; Machado Silvetti, Boston, MA; and Krueck & Olsen, Chicago, IL (now Krueck + Sexton), KMJR, and AECOM.
Buildings attributed to Danna include the Los Angeles Police Department Headquarters building; Loyola Marymount University William H. Hannon Library, Los Angeles; RAND Headquarters building, Santa Monica; and Korea Development Bank, Seoul.
References.
, Architects Newspaper, 1 December 2012<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18751566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751566" title="Viktor Papayev">
Viktor Papayev

Viktor Yevgenyevich Papayev () (born March 2, 1947 in Bazarny Karabulak, Saratov Oblast) is a retired Soviet football player and a current Russian coach.
International career.
Papayev made his debut for USSR on August 6, 1969 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18751574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751574" title="Reactance">
Reactance

Reactance may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18751577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751577" title="Wheelchair rugby at the 2000 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair rugby at the 2000 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair Rugby at the 2000 Summer Paralympics was officially a mixed sport, however no women participated. This was the first year that the sport was an official part of the Paralympic program. It had previously been a demonstration sport at the 1996 Paralympics. Eight teams took part in the competition.
Classification.
Wheelchair rugby players were given a classification based on their upper body function. A committee gave each athlete a 7-level score ranging from 0.5 to 3.5, with lower scores corresponding to more severe disability. During the game, the total score of all players on the court for a team cannot exceed 8 points. However, for each female player on court, their team gets an extra 0.5 points over the 8 point limit.
Teams.
Eight teams took part in this sport. Each team could have up to 12 athletes, but no more than 11 of the team members could be male. Listed below are the eight teams qualified for the Sydney Paralympics.
Tournament.
Competition format.
The eight teams were divided into two even groups and participated in a single round robin tournament. The top two teams from each group went on to compete for 1st through 4th place, while the last two teams from each group competed for 5th through 8th place.
Preliminary Round.
Source: Paralympic.org 
Medal round.
Source: Paralympic.org 
Classification 5-8.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="18751586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751586" title="Erin McLeod">
Erin McLeod

Erin Katrina McLeod (born February 26, 1983 in St. Albert, Canada) is a Canadian football (soccer) player. She is a member of the Canada women's national football team and currently plays for Houston Dash in the National Women's Soccer League. She is also a Right To Play ambassador.
Early life.
Erin McLeod was born in St. Albert, Alberta. Both of her parents were born in Victoria, BC... moved with her family to Indonesia, but then moved back to Calgary to live with her grandmother... she was four years old when she first played soccer for St. Albert... favourites have included Wayne Gretzky, Mark Messier, Edmonton Oilers... has a tattoo on her forearm representing her immediate family (”V”)... shaped and coloured her hairstyle (red and white) before the FIFA U-19 Women’s World Championship Canada 2002 final... as a youth player in 2002, was noted by the FIFA U-19 Women’s World Championship Technical Study Group (”self-assured in all situations, good positioning, organised defence well”)... as part of the Canadian Soccer Association’s Centennial Celebration in 2012, was honoured on the All-Time Canada XI women’s team...
Southern Methodist University.
McLeod attended Southern Methodist University and played for the Mustangs from 2001-2002. McLeod was named to the NSCAA Central All-Region team in both years. She was also named first team All-Conference in both seasons. After her sophomore year she transferred to Penn State.
Penn State University.
McLeod attended Penn State University.
Playing career.
Club.
McLeod won two W-League titles with the Vancouver Whitecaps in 2004 and 2006.
Erin played for the Washington Freedom in the WPS from 2009–2010.
In 2013 she joined Chicago Red Stars in the new National Women's Soccer League
In 2014 she was traded to the expansion Houston Dash for fellow Canadian international Melissa Tancredi.
International.
McLeod was the starting goalkeeper for the Canada women's national soccer team at the 2007 World Cup and 2008 Beijing Olympics. Erin was also the starting goalkeeper for the Canadian National Team at the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship.
McLeod made her first appearance for the Canada women's national football team in 2002 and played two of the team's three matches at the 2007 World Cup, where the team went out in the group stage. She also played every match in the qualifying campaign for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
McLeod became an Olympic medalist on August 9, 2012 after playing in goal for Canada against France in the bronze-medal match in the 2012 Summer Olympics, a match Canada won 1–0 in the final seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18751587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751587" title="Cao Yifei">
Cao Yifei

Cao Yifei (born May 20, 1988 in Jiaozuo, Henan) is a male Chinese sports shooter, who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18751610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18751610" title="Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough">
Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough

Henrietta Ponsonby, Countess of Bessborough (16 June 1761 – 11 November 1821), born Lady Henrietta Frances Spencer (generally called Harriet), was the wife of Frederick Ponsonby, 3rd Earl of Bessborough and mother of the notorious Lady Caroline Lamb. Her father, John Spencer, 1st Earl Spencer, was a great-grandson of John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough. Her sister was Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire.
Being the youngest child, Harriet was often left in England when her parents and older sister Georgiana would visit the continent for her father's health. As a child, Harriet was frail and sickly which led her mother to send her abroad for schooling, thinking that foreign air would help strengthen her. She grew into a young woman of exceptional beauty and intelligence, witty, well-read and self-assured.
On November 27, 1780, Harriet married Frederick Ponsonby, Viscount Duncannon, later 3rd Earl of Bessborough. Their marriage was a difficult one; since Harriet and her husband were avid gamblers, they often found themselves in debt. Frederick was also known to be abusive of Harriet, often humiliating her in public gatherings, as well as demanding that she find money to pay for the debts he had incurred. In 1790 her husband began divorce proceedings but under intense pressure from both families agreed to drop them. Their marriage produced four children: John William, later 4th Earl of Bessborough; Frederick Ponsonby; Caroline Ponsonby, more commonly known by her married name as Lady Caroline Lamb; and William Ponsonby, who became the 1st Baron de Mauley.
Harriet had numerous lovers during her marriage: as she once remarked " I can never love "a little"". Among her more notable lovers were Richard Brinsley Sheridan, the playwright and Whig politician, and Granville Leveson-Gower, 1st Earl Granville, who became her most enduring lover. 
Her affair with Granville produced two illegitimate children: Harriet Emma Arundel Stewart, wife of George Godolphin Osborne, 8th Duke of Leeds (though she died in 1852 before he succeeded to the title) and George Stewart, yet somehow Harriet managed to hide her pregnancies from her husband. Granville would later on marry Harriet's niece, Lady Harriet Cavendish ('Harryo'). As Harriet sadly remarked, for seventeen years she had "loved to idolatry" the man who she came to believe loved her least of all the men in her life. 
Of her younger admirers her favourite was William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne, who then fell in love with her daughter Caroline; although Harriet was anxious for Caroline to marry early, she had misgivings (entirely justified in the event) as to whether William and Caroline were well suited; but in the event she gave her consent to their marriage willingly enough.
Sheridan's feelings for her became an obsession, and he distressed her greatly, just before his death, by saying that he hoped his ghost would haunt her; she asked if he had not done enough through his life to make her unhappy?
Harriet often accompanied her sister to political events as well as soirees. She was also very close to Georgiana's best friend, Lady Elizabeth Foster, with whom she often was seen in public. Harriet died on November 11, 1821 in Florence, Italy following the death of her youngest grandchild, Henry, in Parma. According to Lord David Cecil, she died peacefully and without regret, worn out by a life of emotional turmoil.
Cecil describes her as a woman of "indescribable distinction".

</doc>
