<doc id="18630474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630474" title="Academia Costarricense de la Lengua">
Academia Costarricense de la Lengua

The Academia Costarricense de la Lengua (Spanish for "Costa Rican Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Costa Rica.
It was founded in San José on October 12, 1923. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.
Members.
CHAIR A
Cleto Gonzalez Viquez. Founder (1923-1937) 
Victor Manuel Sanabria Martinez († 1952). Elected; didn’t join.
Enrique Macaya Lahmann (1953-1982)
Eugenio Rodriguez Vega (1984-2008)
Marilyn Echeverria Zurcher de Sauter (2009-….)
CHAIR B
Alejandro Alvarado Quiros. Founder (1923-1945)
Anastasio Alfaro Gonzalez. († 1951). Elected; didn’t join.
Alejandro Aguilar Machado (1955-1984)
Jorge Charpentier Garcia (1985-2004)
Amalia Chaverri Fonseca (2006-….)
CHAIR C
Jose Maria Alfaro Cooper. Founder (1923-1938)
Julian Marchena Valle-Riestra (1941-1985)
Virginia Sandoval de Fonseca. Later became ad honorem member. (1986-2011)
Carlos Francisco Monge Meza (2006-….)
CHAIR D
Manuel Maria de Peralta y Alfaro. Founder (1923-1930)
Mario Sancho Jimenez (resigned in 1938). Elected; didn’t join.
Samuel Arguedas Katchenguis (1941-1978)
Alfonso Ulloa Zamora (1984-2000) 
Laureano Alban Rivas (2004-….)
CHAIR E
Ricardo Jimenez Oreamuno. Founder (1923-1945).
Manuel Francisco Jimenez Ortiz (1947-1952)
Juan Trejos Quiros (1953-1970)
Joaquin Gutierrez Mangel († 2001). Elected; didn’t join.
Emilia Macaya Trejos (2002-….) 
CHAIR F
Ricardo Fernandez Guardia. Founder (1923-1950)
Carlos Orozco Castro (1951-1966)
Ricardo Castro Beeche († 1967). Elected; didn’t join.
Isaac Felipe Azofeifa Bolaños (1989-1997)
Samuel Rovinski Gruszco (1999-….)
CHAIR G 
Julio Acosta Garcia. Founder (1923-1954)
Abelardo Bonilla Baldares (1955-1969)
Jose Basileo Acuña Zeledon (1969-1992)
Adolfo Constenla Umana (1995-….) 
CHAIR H
Fabio Baudrit Gonzalez. Founder (1923-1954)
Arturo Aguero Chaves (1955-2001)
Alfonso Lopez Martin (2001-2004)
Julieta Dobles Yzaguirre (2006-….)
CHAIR I 
Ernesto Martin Carranza. Founder (1923-1950)
Luis Dobles Segreda († 1956). Elected; didn’t join.
Rodrigo Facio Brenes († 1961). Elected; didn’t join.
Cristian Rodriguez Estrada (1968-1980)
Enrique Benavides Chaverri († 1986). Elected; didn’t join. 
Jezer Gonzalez Picado (1989-2005)
Enrique Margery Pena (2006-2011)
Victor Manuel Sanchez Corrales (elected) 
CHAIR J
Alberto Echandi Montero. Founder (1923-1944)
Hernan G. Peralta Quiros (1947-1981)
Fernando Centeno Guell (1987-1993)
Arnoldo Mora Rodriguez (1996-….) 
CHAIR L
Alberto Brenes Cordoba. Founder (1923-1942)
Luis Demetrio Tinoco Castro (1947-1985)
Daniel Gallegos Troyo (1990-….)
CHAIR M
Justo A. Facio de la Guardia. Founder (1923-1931)
Napoleon Quesada Salazar (1934-1937)
Moises Vincenzi Pacheco (1941-1964)
Alberto F. Canas Escalante (1967-….) 
CHAIR N
Gregorio Martin Carranza. Founder (1923-1956)
Hernan Zamora Elizondo (1957-1967)
Carlos Luis Saenz Elizondo († 1983). Elected; didn’t join.
Luis Barahona Jimenez (1985-1987) 
Mario Picado Umana († 1988). Elected; didn’t join.
Julieta Pinto González (1992-….)
CHAIR O
Carlos Gagini Chavarria. Founder (1923-1925) 
Jenaro Cardona Valverde (1926-1930)
Rogelio Sotela Bonilla (1933-1943)
Luis Felipe Gonzalez Flores (1951-1973)
Carlos Salazar Herrera († 1980). Elected; didn’t join.
Fabian Dobles Rodriguez (1994-1997) 
Fernando Duran Ayanegui (2003-….)
CHAIR P
Roberto Brenes Mesen. Founder (1923-1947)
Joaquin Vargas Coto (1947-1959)
Jose Marin Cañas (1959-1980)
Roberto Murillo Zamora (1990-1994)
Rafael Angel Herra Rodriguez (1997-….)
CHAIR Q
Joaquin Garcia Monge. Founder (1923-1958) 
Jose Maria Arce Bartolini (1959-1979)
Carlos Rafael Duverran Porras (1985-1995)
Estrella Cartin de Guier (1997-….) 
CHAIR R
Claudio Gonzalez Rucavado. Founder (1923-1928)
Otilio Ulate Blanco (1941-1973)
Francisco Amighetti Ruiz († 1998). Elected; didn’t join. 
Miguel Angel Quesada Pacheco (2000-….)
CHAIR S
Guillermo Vargas Calvo. Founder (1923-1934)
Victor Guardia Quiros (1951-1959)
Leon Pacheco Solano (1963-1980)
Carmen Naranjo Coto. Later became ad honorem member. (1989-2011)
Anacristina Rossi Lara (2007-2009)
Mario Portilla Chaves (2011-….) 
CHAIR T
Jorge Francisco Saenz Carbonell (2007-….)
CHAIR U
Armando Vargas Araya (2007-….)
CHAIR V 
Flora Ovares Ramírez (2008-….)
Ad honorem members.
Valeriano Fernandez Ferraz († 1925). 
Carmen Naranjo Coto († 2011). 
Virginia Sandoval de Fonseca († 2006). 
Costa Ricans in other Spanish language academies.
Julio Acosta Garcia, El Salvador, 1915 
Samuel Arguedas Katchenguis, Mexico, 1973
Rima Rothe Strasburger de Vallbona, United States, 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="18630475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630475" title="Macaria notata">
Macaria notata

The Peacock Moth "(Macaria notata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is 28–32 mm. The moth closely resembles the Macaria alternata. The moth flies from May to June .
The caterpillars mainly feed on birch.

</doc>
<doc id="18630477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630477" title="Dyavolska reka">
Dyavolska reka

The Dyavolska reka (, "devil's river") is a river in Burgas Province, southeastern Bulgaria. It originates in the Strandzha mountains, runs near the coastal town of Primorsko, and flows into the Black Sea. In its middle course, it forms a marshy area known as Dyavolsko blato (, "devil's swamp").

</doc>
<doc id="18630493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630493" title="John II, Duke of Cleves">
John II, Duke of Cleves

John II, "The Pious" or "The Babymaker", Duke of Cleves, Count of Mark, (German: Johann II. "der Pious" oder "der Kindermacher", Herzog von Kleve, Graf von Mark) (1458–1521) was a son of John I, Duke of Cleves and Elizabeth of Nevers. He ruled Cleves from 1481 to his death in 1521. He was called "The Babymaker" since he fathered sixty-three illegitimate children before his marriage with Mathilde of Hesse in 1490. She was the daughter of Henry III, Landgrave of Upper Hesse and his wife Anna of Katzenelnbogen.
They had three children :

</doc>
<doc id="18630494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630494" title="Academia Panameña de la Lengua">
Academia Panameña de la Lengua

The Academia Panameña de la Lengua (Spanish for "Panamanian Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Panama.
It was founded in Panama City on August 9, 1926. 
Both former presidents Ricardo Joaquín Alfaro Jované and Ernesto de la Guardia were members of the academy.
It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630508" title="Academia Cubana de la Lengua">
Academia Cubana de la Lengua

The Academia Cubana de la Lengua (Spanish for "Cuban Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Cuba.
It was founded in Havana on May 19, 1926. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630511" title="IASON">
IASON

IASON, GmbH is a European nuclear medicine company headquartered in Graz, Austria. IASON deals primarily in specialized radiopharmaceuticals and laboratory diagnostic equipment related to nuclear medicine. The company prides itself on being able to offer products which are produced in close cooperation with the consumer (due to their specialized nature).
History.
Christoph Artner founded the IASON Labormedizin Ges.m.b.H. & CoKG in Graz in 1994. From the beginning, the main concentration of the company has been nuclear medicine. The company specializes in products related to the thyroid gland and bone metabolism. Demands related to the marketing of its extensive product line have resulted in IASON forming the IASON group of companies in order to assist in production, research, marketing, and logistics.
Origin of the name.
The name IASON was derived from Jason, a character in Greek mythology who was said to be instructed in all areas of medicine and has learned a great deal about the art of healing.
Products and services.
IASON divides its activities into two primary categories: Pharmaceutical and Medical.
Pharmaceutical activities include the production and distribution of radioactive pharmaceuticals with a short half life. The company also constructs and sets-up radioactive pharmaceutical production sites based on their research and expertise in cyclotron and hot and cold clean room production facilities. IASON currently operates three production facilities, two in Austria (Klagenfurt and Linz) and one in Italy (Rome).
Medical activities include the construction of Positron emission tomography, nuclide based antibody therapy, and scintigraphy units. They also produce immunoassays and autoantibodies for the serologic determination of Thyroglobuline and autoantobodies to thyrogl obuline and thyroidal peroxidase, for the early prediction of Type I Diabetes in follow up of Type II Diabetes; early detection of usefulness of prescriptions of Insulin.
IASON's medical products are primarily produced for the fields of Oncology (Early diagnosis of all type of cancers, Follow up, and treatment planning), Neurology (Diagnosis of Epileptic foci, surgery planning) and Cardiology (Diagnosis of vital zones after heart stroke, planning of bypass intervention).
IASON actively markets around fifty pharmaceutical and medical products.
Research.
IASON makes its research public through the literature service accessible through its homepage.

</doc>
<doc id="18630514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630514" title="South American Parliament">
South American Parliament

The South American Parliament is a proposed body of the Union of South American Nations (UNASUR). The Constitutive Treaty of Unasur does not list it with the other bodies, and does not give any details on its composition. Article 17 states that the Parliament would be located in Cochabamba, Bolivia, and its creation would be the subject of an additional protocol. A transitory article of the Treaty states how this protocol would be created: members will appoint a "Special Commission" composed of national and regional Members of Parliament who would meet in Cochabamba to draft the protocol to be considered at the Fourth Summit of Unasur leaders. The protocol would lay out how the Parliament would function and be composed.
During such summits the presidents hold meetings on energy, infrastructure, education and social policies, in addition to defining a transitional formula until the full force of the treaty, which must still be approved by legislatures. Foreign ministers are to meet every six months.
The Parliament will have ninety-nine parliamentarians. Each country will delegate up to five parliamentarians, more than the Andean parliament's members, of the Parliament of the Mercosur and of the parliaments of Guyana and Suriname. The presidents of the legislative bodies of each member country of the Unasur will also integrate it. 
It will have a routine of consistent operation in two annual meetings: one in June and the second in November, although it will be able to convene in extraordinary form. 
The Parliament of the Unasur will have commissions and subcommittees, presidencies and vice-presidencies, secretaries and subsecretaries. 
All the pronouncements of the Parliament of the Unasur will be published through an official newspaper that will be created for such ends. 
Their attributions and competitions are: to look after the democracy in the region, to establish cooperation relationships among the member countries, to emit declarations and recommendations, to foment the development of the representative democracy and to exercise the political control to the organs and institutions of Unasur.
The South American Parliament also has the task of leading the development and implementation, in coordination with the Bank of the South, of a new single currency that is to be in circulation throughout the region. Thus the Bank of the South, based in Venezuela and sub offices in Buenos Aires and La Paz, in conjunction with the General Secretariat, based in Quito, and now with the South American Parliament, based in Cochabamba, is to seek economic and social well being throughout the continent and to advance the goal of establishing a future "Ciudadano Americano" (American Citizen). Other agreements provide that citizens of the twelve countries will move within the UNASUR space with National Identity Document of each country to be recognized throughout the Union.
Construction.
The Bolivian government has launched the start of construction of the Parliament building with an area of 200 hectares in the Valle Alto area. A specialized military academy located in the same area is to preserve the security of Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18630519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630519" title="Academia Paraguaya de la Lengua Española">
Academia Paraguaya de la Lengua Española

The Academia Paraguaya de la Lengua Española (Spanish for "Paraguayan Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Paraguay.
It was founded on June 30, 1927. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630521" title="Jersey at the Commonwealth Games">
Jersey at the Commonwealth Games

Jersey has competed thirteen times in the Commonwealth Games to date, beginning in 1958.
Medal tally.
Jersey was 39th ۞ on the all-time medal tally of the Commonwealth Games after the 2006 games in Melbourne, Australia, having won four medals since 1958, the last (including their only gold) in 1990.
History.
Jersey first participated at the Games in 1958 in Cardiff, Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18630525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630525" title="Macaria brunneata">
Macaria brunneata

The Rannoch Looper "(Macaria brunneata" or "Speranza brunneata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Siberia, Japan, and northern and mountainous parts of North America, and throughout Europe, though in Britain it is largely or entirely restricted to mature forests in central Scotland.
The wingspan is 25–30 mm. The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. It flies during the day, and when at rest often holds its wings closed as a butterfly does. The moth flies in June and July in Britain and in July and August in North America.
The caterpillars feed on bilberry in Britain and on that and other plants of the heath family, such as bearberry, in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18630542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630542" title="Academia Boliviana de la Lengua">
Academia Boliviana de la Lengua

The Academia Boliviana de la Lengua (Spanish for "Bolivian Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Bolivia.
It was founded in La Paz on August 25, 1927. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630543" title="Liberal Democratic Party (France)">
Liberal Democratic Party (France)

The Liberal Democratic Party (, PLD) is a classical liberal political party in France. It was founded in 2008 by a split in the Liberal Alternative. It seeks to fulfil the same role as the former Liberal Democracy, uniting supporters of Alain Madelin.
In the 2010 regional elections, the PLD were allied to Liberal Alternative and the Centrist Alliance. In the 2012 presidential election, the PLD didn't run its own candidate, but endorsed François Bayrou in the first round and Nicolas Sarkozy in the second round. In the 2012 legislative election, the party ran some of its own candidates, but also endorsed a number of Miscellaneous right, Union for a Popular Movement, Centrist Alliance, and Democratic Movement candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="18630550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630550" title="Academia Nicaragüense de la Lengua">
Academia Nicaragüense de la Lengua

The Academia Nicaragüense de la Lengua (Spanish for "Nicaraguan Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Nicaragua.
It was founded in Managua on May 31, 1928. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630563" title="Academia Nacional de Letras">
Academia Nacional de Letras

The Academia Nacional de Letras (Spanish for "National Academy of Letters) Uruguay") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Uruguay.
It was founded in Montevideo on February 10, 1943. Among the first members were: Cardinal Antonio María Barbieri, Emilio Frugoni, Juana de Ibarbourou, Emilio Oribe.
Since 1960, it is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630574" title="Academia Hondureña de la Lengua">
Academia Hondureña de la Lengua

The Academia Hondureña de la Lengua (Spanish for "Honduran Academy of Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Honduras.
It was founded in Tegucigalpa on December 28, 1948. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630588" title="Academia Puertorriqueña de la Lengua Española">
Academia Puertorriqueña de la Lengua Española

The Academia Puertorriqueña de la Lengua Española (Spanish for "Puerto Rican Academy of the Spanish Language") is an association of academics and experts on the use of the Spanish language in Puerto Rico.
It was founded in San Juan on January 28, 1955. It is a member of the Association of Spanish Language Academies.

</doc>
<doc id="18630591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630591" title="Givat Oz">
Givat Oz

Givat Oz (, "lit." Hill of Strength) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located between Umm al-Fahm and Afula, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 359.
The village was established in 1949 by a gar'in of Holocaust survivors from Hungary, and was later joined by more immigrants from Brazil.
Givat Oz is built on the land of the depopulated Palestinian village of Khirbat Zalafa.

</doc>
<doc id="18630594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630594" title="Macaria liturata">
Macaria liturata

The Tawny-barred Angle "(Macaria liturata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found throughout Europe.
The wingspan is 22–27 mm. The length of the forewings is 11–13 mm. The moth flies from May to September .
The caterpillars feed on coniferous trees such as Scots pine.

</doc>
<doc id="18630599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630599" title="Electoral system of the United Kingdom">
Electoral system of the United Kingdom

Various electoral systems are now used in the United Kingdom. Historically, First Past the Post had been used in most types of elections, but pressure for change has gradually seen the introduction of different systems, especially towards the end of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st. This history of using First Past the Post means that the development of political parties in the United Kingdom was and continues to be affected by Duverger's Law, which causes the agglomeration of related political ideologies into a few large parties with many small parties rarely winning representation. 
Electoral systems now used across the United Kingdom are:

</doc>
<doc id="18630604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630604" title="Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated">
Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated

"Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated" is a 1940 book by James Thurber. Thurber updates some old fables and creates some new ones of his own too. Notably there is 'The Bear Who Could Take It Or Leave It Alone' about a bear who lapses into alcoholism before sobering up and going too far that way. (He used to say 'See what the bears in the back room will have.') Also an updated version of 'Little Red Riding Hood' which ends with the immortal lines, "even in a nightcap a wolf does not look any more like your grandmother than the Metro-Goldwyn lion looks like Calvin Coolidge. So the little girl took an automatic out of her basket and shot the wolf dead. " All the fables have one-line morals. The moral of 'Little Red Riding Hood' is "Young girls are not so easy to fool these days." Another fable concerns a non-materialist chipmunk who likes to arrange nuts in pretty patterns rather than just piling up as many as he can. He is constantly nagged by his chipmunk wife for this.
All fables previously appeared in "The New Yorker".
Contents.
Fables.
"Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated"
contains 28 fables written and illustrated by Thurber.
Illustrated Poems.
"Fables for Our Time and Famous Poems Illustrated" contains nine poems written by diverse authors and illustrated by Thurber (the dates given are those of The New Yorker issue):

</doc>
<doc id="18630610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630610" title="Clopton House">
Clopton House

Clopton House is a 17th-century country mansion near Stratford upon Avon, Warwickshire, now converted into residential apartments. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The Manor of Clopton was granted to the eponymous family in the 13th century and in 1492 was owned by Hugh Clopton then Lord Mayor of London. In the late 16th century Joyce Clopton daughter of William Clopton (1538-1592), (a recusant Catholic), and heiress to the estate, married Sir George Carew (later Baron Carew and Earl of Totnes). They had no issue, and the estate fell to their nephew, Sir John Clopton. Thereafter the manor passed by marriage through the female line to the Partheriche, Boothby and Ingram families; the latter two changed their name to Clopton.
A manor house existing on the site in 1450 was owned by John Clopton, Alderman of the Trinity Guild of Coventry, and was rebuilt in the 16th century. The present house is a 17th-century creation by Sir John Clopton around the core of the 16th-century manor, with 19th-century extensions and improvements. The earliest part of the house on the north was substantially rebuilt in the 1840s. The south and east wings date from 1665-70 in the Restoration style. The south front is two storyed with attics and dormers. It has seven bays, the projecting central three being pedimented. The pediment over the entance carries the Clopton family crest. The east wing is a similar but unpedimented seven bay range. The entrance porch bears an inscription "FHH 1904".
The Cloptons sold the estate in 1824 to the Meynells,who sold it again in 1870 to George Lloyd of Welcombe House. His nephew Charles Thomas Warde (High Sheriff of Warwickshire in 1846) carried out the significant extensions of the 1840s and also built the Grade II listed coachhouse and Clopton Tower, a Grade II listed belvedere in the grounds.
In 1872 the estate was acquired by Sir Arthur Hodgson, High Sheriff in 1881. On the death of his son Rev Francis H Hodgson (FHH) in 1930 the estate was broken up.
In 1605 Ambrose Rookwood, a Gunpowder Plot conspirator, lived in the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18630619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630619" title="Aristida behriana">
Aristida behriana

Aristida behriana is a native Australian species of grass commonly known as bunch wire grass or brush wire grass. It is a bright green perennial plant forming short, tufted tussocks up to high. Its seeds have three long, radiating awns; it is a member of genus "Aristida", grasses known commonly as three-awns. The species favours low fertility and well-drained soils. It is commonly found in mallee woodlands and plains, where it grows on sunny slopes. Superficially, the flower heads resemble those of the invasive weed African feather-grass ("Pennisetum villosum"). "A. behriana" is found in all mainland Australian States.

</doc>
<doc id="18630626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630626" title="New Anticapitalist Party">
New Anticapitalist Party

The New Anticapitalist Party ( , NPA) is a French political party founded in February 2009. Its name was originally intended to be temporary; a vote on the name being held at the founding congress on 6–8 February 2009, where NPA won over "Revolutionary Anticapitalist Party" ("Parti anticapitaliste révolutionnaire") with 53% of the vote.
The party (launched with 9,200 members) was intended to unify the fractured movements of the French radical Left, and attract new activists drawing on the relative combined strength of far-left parties in presidential elections in 2002, where they achieved 10.44% of the vote, and 2007 (7.07%).
The party is closely associated with postal worker Olivier Besancenot, the main spokesman of the former strongest far left party, the Revolutionary Communist League (LCR). In March 2011, Myriam Martin and Christine Poupin were elected the main spokespersons of the NPA. In May 2012, Myriam Martin supported the candidate of the Left Front, Jean-Luc Mélenchon in the 2012 presidential election against the candidate of the NPA, a worker and union activist at Ford's car plant in Bordeaux Philippe Poutou, who came eighth in the first round with 411,160 votes, 1.15% of the total votes. She left the NPA in July 2012.
Founding conference.
At the founding conference (6 to 8 February 2009), 630 delegates voted on a series of documents, which had gone through a long process of amendment and re-amendment in local and regional assemblies.
However, a number of contentious issues within the party - especially those relating to secularism, religion and islamophobia - were left open for further debate, leading to a number of difficulties and a tendency to devote considerable time and energy on internal debates, rather than activity.
Structure.
Besancenot has stated that it has no single leader, and is instead run collectively, and represented by elected spokespersons.
The basic structure of the party is the local committee, which organizes local activities. A National Political Council decides on general policy. Delegates to the Council are elected at the congress on a proportional basis, thus ensuring the representation of different tendencies or 'platforms'.
Ideals.
The party's stated aim is to "build a new socialist, democratic perspective for the twenty-first century".
Olivier Besancenot has said that the party will be "the left that fights, anticapitalist, internationalist, antiracist, ecologist, feminist, opposing all forms of discrimination". The LCR's distinctive identification with Trotskyism will not be continued by the NPA.
Unlike in previous LCR documents, although feminism is very present, patriarchy theory is not mentioned. Such issues as the withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan, a rise in the minimum wage, and public services are accepted by all members of the NPA.
Alliances and splits.
Debate continues within the NPA about what sort of alliances with other groups are acceptable. The majority of militants emphasize the dangers of allying with forces which are likely to end up in joint local or national governments with the Socialist Party (PS). A minority believes there is work to be done in wide alliances with antiliberal parties of the left, such as the Party of the Left (PG). 
In January 2009, the NPA signed a joint declaration with several other parties of the left, calling for the building of the January 29 national strike. A minority (16%) claimed that such unity in the strike movements means sufficient basis can be found for joint slates at the European elections, while the majority made a sharp distinction between alliances for social movements and electoral alliances. The party received 4.98% of the vote in the European election.
Discussions were held in the course of 2009 with other parties to the left of the PS, concerning the possibility of joint slates for the regional elections in 2010. Finally, the NPA presented independent lists in a majority of regions, but joined the Left Front in three regions, and the Left Party in two others. 
Since its foundation, the NPA has suffered a number of breakaways, and by the end of 2012 total membership had declined to approximately 3,000, compared with 9,200 at the time of its Founding Conference in February 2009. In addition to the loss of individual members, three organised groups have left the party in order to join the Left Front: Gauche Unitaire in 2009, Convergences et Alternative in 2011 and the largest of the three, Anticapitalist left (Gauche Anticapitaliste) in July 2012.
In addition, failure to reach the required level of support in the presidential and parliamentary elections has deprived the party of state funding, leading to a financial crisis. As a result of these setbacks, the NPA is engaged in an internal debate with the aim of refounding the party and reforming its internal structures. However, the NPA continues to be active in various social movements. It produces a weekly newspaper, "Tout est à nous !" (originating as a slogan to be chanted on demonstrations, the name roughly translates as 'Everything belongs to us !') and a monthly magazine of the same name.
In December 2013, the Revolutionary Marxists faction in the Fourth International declared the Anticapitalism and Revolution current in the NPA and criticized the reformist orientation of the party.
Controversy.
New Anticapitalist Party became the target of criticism after Ilham Moussaïd, a Muslim woman wearing hijab, became a candidate for 2010 regional elections. Supporters of the party were noted to chant slogans against Islamophobia and the party's move was considered by some as "radical pragmatism".

</doc>
<doc id="18630633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630633" title="Electoral system of Scotland">
Electoral system of Scotland

Various electoral systems are now used in Scotland. Historically, First Past the Post had been used in most types of elections, but pressure for change has gradually seen the introduction of different systems, especially towards the end of the 20th century and the beginning of the 21st. This history of using First Past the Post means that the development of political parties in Scotland was affected to some extent by Duverger's Law, which causes the agglomeration of related political ideologies into a few large parties with many small parties rarely winning representation, though a four party system did develop in Scotland prior to the introduction of voting reform.
Electoral systems now used in Scotland are:

</doc>
<doc id="18630635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630635" title="The National Institute of the Korean Language">
The National Institute of the Korean Language

The National Institute of the Korean Language is the language regulator of the Korean language. 
It was created on January 23, 1991, by Presidential Decree No. 13163 (November 14, 1990). It is based in Seoul, South Korea. 

</doc>
<doc id="18630637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630637" title="Translation">
Translation

Translation is the communication of the meaning of a source-language text by means of an equivalent target-language text. Whereas interpreting undoubtedly antedates writing, translation began only after the appearance of written literature; there exist partial translations of the Sumerian "Epic of Gilgamesh" (ca. 2000 BCE) into Southwest Asian languages of the second millennium BCE.
Translators always risk inappropriate spill-over of source-language idiom and usage into the target-language translation. On the other hand, spill-overs have imported useful source-language calques and loanwords that have enriched the target languages. Indeed, translators have helped substantially to shape the languages into which they have translated.
Due to the demands of business documentation consequent to the Industrial Revolution that began in the mid-18th century, some translation specialties have become formalized, with dedicated schools and professional associations.
Because of the laboriousness of translation, since the 1940s engineers have sought to automate translation (machine translation) or to mechanically aid the human translator (computer-assisted translation). The rise of the Internet has fostered a world-wide market for translation services and has facilitated language localization.
Translation studies deal with the systematic study of the theory, the description and the application of translation.
Etymology.
The word "translation" derives from the Latin , together meaning "to carry across" or "to bring across"). The modern Romance languages use words for "translation" derived from that source or from the alternative Latin ("to lead across"). The Slavic and Germanic languages (except for the Dutch ""vertaling"", "literally" a "re-language-ing") likewise use calques of these Latin sources.
The Ancient Greek term for "translation", ("metaphrasis", "a speaking across"), has supplied English with "metaphrase" (a "literal," or "word-for-word," translation) — as contrasted with "paraphrase" ("a saying in other words", from , "paraphrasis"). "Metaphrase" corresponds, in one of the more recent terminologies, to "formal equivalence"; and "paraphrase", to "dynamic equivalence."
Strictly speaking, the concept of metaphrase — of "word-for-word translation" — is an imperfect concept, because a given word in a given language often carries more than one meaning; and because a similar given meaning may often be represented in a given language by more than one word. Nevertheless, "metaphrase" and "paraphrase" may be useful as "ideal" concepts that mark the extremes in the spectrum of possible approaches to translation. “At the very beginning, the translator keeps both the [language... and [language... in mind and tries to translate carefully. But it becomes very difficult for a translator to decode the whole text... literally; therefore he takes the help of his own view and endeavours to translate accordingly.” 
A secular icon for the art of translation is the Rosetta Stone. This trilingual (hieroglyphic-Egyptian, demotic-Egyptian, ancient-Greek) stele became the translator's key to decryption of Egyptian hieroglyphs by Thomas Young, Jean-François Champollion and others.
In the United States of America, the Rosetta Stone is incorporated into the crest of the Defense Language Institute.
Theory.
Western theory.
Discussions of the theory and practice of translation reach back into antiquity and show remarkable continuities. The ancient Greeks distinguished between "metaphrase" (literal translation) and "paraphrase". This distinction was adopted by English poet and translator John Dryden (1631–1700), who described translation as the judicious blending of these two modes of phrasing when selecting, in the target language, "counterparts," or equivalents, for the expressions used in the source language:
Dryden cautioned, however, against the license of "imitation", i.e., of adapted translation: “When a painter copies from the life... he has no privilege to alter features and lineaments..."
This general formulation of the central concept of translation — equivalence — is as adequate as any that has been proposed since Cicero and Horace, who, in 1st-century-BCE Rome, famously and literally cautioned against translating "word for word" ().
Despite occasional theoretical diversity, the actual "practice" of translation has hardly changed since antiquity. Except for some extreme metaphrasers in the early Christian period and the Middle Ages, and adapters in various periods (especially pre-Classical Rome, and the 18th century), translators have generally shown prudent flexibility in seeking equivalents — "literal" where possible, paraphrastic where necessary — for the original meaning and other crucial "values" (e.g., style, verse form, concordance with musical accompaniment or, in films, with speech articulatory movements) as determined from context.
In general, translators have sought to preserve the context itself by reproducing the original order of sememes, and hence word order — when necessary, reinterpreting the actual grammatical structure, for example, by shifting from active to passive voice, or "vice versa". The grammatical differences between "fixed-word-order" languages (e.g. English, French, German) and "free-word-order" languages (e.g., Greek, Latin, Polish, Russian) have been no impediment in this regard. The particular syntax (sentence-structure) characteristics of a text's source language are adjusted to the syntactic requirements of the target language. 
When a target language has lacked terms that are found in a source language, translators have borrowed those terms, thereby enriching the target language. Thanks in great measure to the exchange of calques and loanwords between languages, and to their importation from other languages, there are few concepts that are "untranslatable" among the modern European languages.
Generally, the greater the contact and exchange that have existed between two languages, or between those languages and a third one, the greater is the ratio of metaphrase to paraphrase that may be used in translating among them. However, due to shifts in ecological niches of words, a common etymology is sometimes misleading as a guide to current meaning in one or the other language. For example, the English "actual" should not be confused with the cognate French ("present", "current"), the Polish ("present", "current," "topical," "timely," "feasible"), the Swedish "aktuell" ("topical", "presently of importance"), the Russian ("urgent", "topical") or the Dutch "aktueel".
The translator's role as a bridge for "carrying across" values between cultures has been discussed at least since Terence, the 2nd-century-BCE Roman adapter of Greek comedies. The translator's role is, however, by no means a passive, mechanical one, and so has also been compared to that of an artist. The main ground seems to be the concept of parallel creation found in critics such as Cicero. Dryden observed that "Translation is a type of drawing after life..." Comparison of the translator with a musician or actor goes back at least to Samuel Johnson’s remark about Alexander Pope playing Homer on a flageolet, while Homer himself used a bassoon.
If translation be an art, it is no easy one. In the 13th century, Roger Bacon wrote that if a translation is to be true, the translator must know both languages, as well as the science that he is to translate; and finding that few translators did, he wanted to do away with translation and translators altogether.
The translator of the Bible into German, Martin Luther, is credited with being the first European to posit that one translates satisfactorily only toward his own language. L.G. Kelly states that since Johann Gottfried Herder in the 18th century, "it has been axiomatic" that one translates only toward his own language.
Compounding the demands on the translator is the fact that no dictionary or thesaurus can ever be a fully adequate guide in translating. The British historian Alexander Tytler, in his "Essay on the Principles of Translation" (1790), emphasized that assiduous reading is a more comprehensive guide to a language than are dictionaries. The same point, but also including listening to the "spoken" language, had earlier, in 1783, been made by the Polish poet and grammarian Onufry Andrzej Kopczyński.
The translator’s special role in society is described in a posthumous 1803 essay by "Poland's La Fontaine", the Roman Catholic Primate of Poland, poet, encyclopedist, author of the first Polish novel, and translator from French and Greek, Ignacy Krasicki:
Other traditions.
Due to Western colonialism and cultural dominance in recent centuries, Western translation traditions have largely replaced other traditions. The Western traditions draw on both ancient and medieval traditions, and on more recent European innovations.
Though earlier approaches to translation are less commonly used today, they retain importance when dealing with their products, as when historians view ancient or medieval records to piece together events which took place in non-Western or pre-Western environments. Also, though heavily influenced by Western traditions and practiced by translators taught in Western-style educational systems, Chinese and related translation traditions retain some theories and philosophies unique to the Chinese tradition.
Ancient Near East.
The traditions of translating material among Egyptian, Mesopotamian, Syriac, Anatolian and Hebrew go back several millennia. An early example of a bilingual document is the 1274 BCE Treaty of Kadesh.
Orient.
There is a separate tradition of translation in South, Southeast and East Asia (primarily of texts from the Indian and Chinese civilizations), especially connected with the rendering of religious — particularly Buddhist — texts and with the governance of the Chinese empire. Classical Indian translation is characterized by loose adaptation, rather than the closer translation more commonly found in Europe, and Chinese translation theory identifies various criteria and limitations in translation.
In the East Asian sphere of Chinese cultural influence, more important than translation "per se" has been the use and reading of Chinese texts, which also had substantial influence on the Japanese, Korean and Vietnamese languages, with substantial borrowings of vocabulary and writing system. Notable is the Japanese Kanbun, a system for glossing Chinese texts for Japanese speakers.
Though Indianized states in Southeast Asia often translated Sanksrit material into the local languages, the literate elites and scribes more commonly used Sanskrit as their primary language of culture and government.
Islamic world.
Translation of material into Arabic expanded after the creation of Arabic script in the 5th century, and gained great importance with the rise of Islam and Islamic empires. Arab translation initially focused primarily on politics, rendering Persian, Greek, even Chinese and Indic diplomatic materials into Arabic. It later focused on translating classical Greek and Persian works, as well as some Chinese and Indian texts, into Arabic for scholarly study at major Islamic learning centers, such as the Al-Karaouine, Al-Azhar and Al-Nizamiyya of Baghdad. In terms of theory, Arabic translation drew heavily on earlier Near Eastern traditions as well as more contemporary Greek and Persian traditions.
Arabic translation efforts and techniques are important to Western translation traditions due to centuries of close contacts and exchanges. Especially after the Renaissance, Europeans began more intensive study of Arabic and Persian translations of classical works as well as scientific and philosophical works of Arab and oriental origins. Arabic and, to a lesser degree, Persian became important sources of material and perhaps of techniques for revitalized Western traditions, which in time would overtake the Islamic and oriental traditions.
Fidelity vs. transparency.
Fidelity (or "faithfulness") and transparency, dual ideals in translation, are often at odds. A 17th-century French critic coined the phrase "" to suggest that translations, like women, can be "either" faithful "or" beautiful, but not both.
Faithfulness is the extent to which a translation accurately renders the meaning of the source text, without distortion.
Transparency is the extent to which a translation appears to a native speaker of the target language to have originally been written in that language, and conforms to its grammar, syntax and idiom.
A translation that meets the first criterion is said to be "faithful"; a translation that meets the second, "idiomatic". The two qualities are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
The criteria for judging the fidelity of a translation vary according to the subject, type and use of the text, its literary qualities, its social or historical context, etc.
The criteria for judging the transparency of a translation appear more straightforward: an unidiomatic translation "sounds wrong"; and, in the extreme case of word-for-word translations generated by many machine-translation systems, often results in patent nonsense.
Nevertheless, in certain contexts a translator may consciously seek to produce a literal translation. Translators of literary, religious or historic texts often adhere as closely as possible to the source text, stretching the limits of the target language to produce an unidiomatic text. A translator may adopt expressions from the source language in order to provide "local color".
In recent decades, prominent advocates of such "non-transparent" translation have included the French scholar Antoine Berman, who identified twelve deforming tendencies inherent in most prose translations, and the American theorist Lawrence Venuti, who has called on translators to apply "foreignizing" rather than domesticating translation strategies. Berman further insists on the need for a translation project to perform translation criticism afterwards.
Many non-transparent-translation theories draw on concepts from German Romanticism, the most obvious influence being the German theologian and philosopher Friedrich Schleiermacher. In his seminal lecture "On the Different Methods of Translation" (1813) he distinguished between translation methods that move "the writer toward reader", i.e., transparency, and those that move the "reader toward author", i.e., an extreme fidelity to the foreignness of the source text. Schleiermacher favored the latter approach; he was motivated, however, not so much by a desire to embrace the foreign, as by a nationalist desire to oppose France's cultural domination and to promote German literature.
Current Western translation practice is dominated by the dual concepts of "fidelity" and "transparency". This has not always been the case, however; there have been periods, especially in pre-Classical Rome and in the 18th century, when many translators stepped beyond the bounds of translation proper into the realm of "adaptation".
Adapted translation retains currency in some non-Western traditions. The Indian epic, the "Ramayana", appears in many versions in the various Indian languages, and the stories are different in each. Similar examples are to be found in medieval Christian literature, which adjusted the text to local customs and mores.
Equivalence.
The question of fidelity vs. transparency has also been formulated in terms of, respectively, ""formal" equivalence" and ""dynamic" "functional" equivalence". The latter expressions are associated with the translator Eugene Nida and were originally coined to describe ways of translating the "Bible", but the two approaches are applicable to any translation.
"Formal equivalence" corresponds to "metaphrase", and "dynamic equivalence" to "paraphrase".
"Dynamic equivalence" (or ""functional" equivalence") conveys the essential thoughts expressed in a source text — if necessary, at the expense of literality, original sememe and word order, the source text's active vs. passive voice, etc.
By contrast, "formal equivalence" (sought via "literal" translation) attempts to render the text literally, or "word for word" (the latter expression being itself a word-for-word rendering of the classical Latin ) — if necessary, at the expense of features natural to the target language.
There is, however, no sharp boundary between functional and formal equivalence. On the contrary, they represent a spectrum of translation approaches. Each is used at various times and in various contexts by the same translator, and at various points within the same text — sometimes simultaneously. Competent translation entails the judicious blending of functional and formal equivalents.
Common pitfalls in translation, especially when practiced by inexperienced translators, involve false equivalents such as "false friends" and false cognates.
Back-translation.
A "back-translation" is a translation of a translated text back into the language of the original text, made without reference to the original text.
Comparison of a back-translation with the original text is sometimes used as a check on the accuracy of the original translation, much as the accuracy of a mathematical operation is sometimes checked by reversing the operation. But the results of such reverse-translation operations, while useful as approximate checks, are not always precisely reliable. Back-translation must in general be less accurate than back-calculation because linguistic symbols (words) are often ambiguous, whereas mathematical symbols are intentionally unequivocal.
In the context of machine translation, a back-translation is also called a "round-trip translation."
When translations are produced of material used in medical clinical trials, such as informed-consent forms, a back-translation is often required by the ethics committee or institutional review board.
Mark Twain provided humorously telling evidence for the frequent unreliability of back-translation when he issued his own back-translation of a French translation of his short story, “The Celebrated Jumping Frog of Calaveras County". He published his back-translation in a 1903 volume together with his English-language original, the French translation, and a "Private History of the 'Jumping Frog' Story". The latter included a synopsized adaptation of his story that Twain stated had appeared, unattributed to Twain, in a Professor Sidgwick’s "Greek Prose Composition" (p. 116) under the title, “The Athenian and the Frog”; the adaptation had for a time been taken for an independent ancient Greek precursor to Twain's "Jumping Frog" story.
When a historic document survives only in translation, the original having been lost, researchers sometimes undertake back-translation in an effort to reconstruct the original text. An example involves the novel "The Saragossa Manuscript" by the Polish aristocrat Jan Potocki (1761–1815), who wrote the novel in French and anonymously published fragments in 1804 and 1813–14. Portions of the original French-language manuscript were subsequently lost; however, the missing fragments survived in a Polish translation that was made by Edmund Chojecki in 1847 from a complete French copy, now lost. French-language versions of the complete "Saragossa Manuscript" have since been produced, based on extant French-language fragments and on French-language versions that have been back-translated from Chojecki’s Polish version.
Similarly, when historians suspect that a document is actually a translation from another language, back-translation into that hypothetical original language can provide supporting evidence by showing that such characteristics as idioms, puns, peculiar grammatical structures, etc., are in fact derived from the original language.
For example, the known text of the "Till Eulenspiegel" folk tales is in High German but contains puns that work only when back-translated to Low German. This seems clear evidence that these tales (or at least large portions of them) were originally written in Low German and translated into High German by an over-metaphrastic translator.
Similarly, supporters of Aramaic primacy—of the view that the Christian New Testament or its sources were originally written in the Aramaic language—seek to prove their case by showing that difficult passages in the existing Greek text of the New Testament make much better sense when back-translated to Aramaic: that, for example, some incomprehensible references are in fact Aramaic puns that do not work in Greek.
Due to similar indications, it is believed that the 2nd century Gnostic Gospel of Judas, which survives only in Coptic, was originally written in Greek.
Translators.
A competent translator shows the following attributes:
A competent translator is not only bilingual but bicultural. A language is not merely a collection of words and of rules of grammar and syntax for generating sentences, but also a vast interconnecting system of connotations and cultural references whose mastery, writes linguist Mario Pei, "comes close to being a lifetime job."
The complexity of the translator's task cannot be overstated; one author suggests that becoming an accomplished translator — after having already acquired a good basic knowledge of both languages and cultures — may require a minimum of ten years' experience. Viewed in this light, it is a serious misconception to assume that a person who has fair fluency in two languages will, by virtue of that fact alone, be consistently competent to translate between them.
The translator's role in relation to a text has been compared to that of an artist, e.g., a musician or actor, who interprets a work of art. Translation, like other arts, inescapably involves choice, and choice implies interpretation. English-language novelist Joseph Conrad advised his niece and Polish translator Aniela Zagórska:
A translator may render only parts of the original text, provided he indicates that this is what he is doing. But a translator should not assume the role of censor and surreptitiously delete or bowdlerize passages merely to please a political or moral interest.
Translation has served as a school of writing for many authors. Translators, including monks who spread Buddhist texts in East Asia, and the early modern European translators of the Bible, in the course of their work have shaped the very languages into which they have translated. They have acted as bridges for conveying knowledge between cultures; and along with ideas, they have imported from the source languages, into their own languages, loanwords and calques of grammatical structures, idioms and vocabulary.
Interpreting.
Interpreting, or "interpretation," is the facilitation of oral or sign-language communication, either simultaneously or consecutively, between two, or among more, speakers who are not speaking, or signing, the same language.
The term "interpreting," rather than "interpretation," is preferentially used for this activity by Anglophone translators, to avoid confusion with other meanings of the word "interpretation."
Unlike English, many languages do not employ two separate words to denote the activities of written and live-communication (oral or sign-language) translators. Even English does not always make the distinction, frequently using "translation" as a synonym for "interpreting."
Interpreters have sometimes played crucial roles in history. A prime example is La Malinche, also known as "Malintzin", "Malinalli" and "Doña Marina", an early-16th-century Nahua woman from the Mexican Gulf Coast. As a child she had been sold or given to Maya slave-traders from Xicalango, and thus had become bilingual. Subsequently given along with other women to the invading Spaniards, she became instrumental in the Spanish conquest of Mexico, acting as interpreter, adviser, intermediary and lover to Hernán Cortés.
Nearly three centuries later, in the United States, a comparable role as interpreter was played for the Lewis and Clark Expedition of 1804–6 by Sacagawea. As a child, the Lemhi Shoshone woman had been kidnapped by Hidatsa Indians and thus had become bilingual. Sacagawea facilitated the expedition's traverse of the North American continent to the Pacific Ocean. Four decades later, in 1846, the Pacific would become the western border of the United States.
Sworn translation.
Sworn translation, also called "certified translation," is translation performed by someone authorized to do so by local regulations. Some countries recognize declared competence. Others require the translator to be an official state appointee.
Phone.
Many commercial services exist that will translate spoken language via phone. There is also at least one custom-built mobile device that does the same thing.
Internet.
Web-based human translation is generally favored by companies and individuals that wish to secure more accurate translations. In view of the frequent inaccuracy of machine translations, human translation remains the most reliable, most accurate form of translation available. With the recent emergence of translation crowdsourcing, translation-memory techniques, and internet applications, translation agencies have been able to provide on-demand human-translation services to businesses, individuals, and enterprises.
While not instantaneous like its machine counterparts such as Google Translate and Yahoo! Babel Fish, web-based human translation has been gaining popularity by providing relatively fast, accurate translation for business communications, legal documents, medical records, and software localization. Web-based human translation also appeals to private website users and bloggers.
Computer-assisted translation.
Computer-assisted translation (CAT), also called "computer-aided translation," "machine-aided human translation" (MAHT) and "interactive translation," is a form of translation wherein a human translator creates a target text with the assistance of a computer program. The machine supports a human translator.
Computer-assisted translation can include standard dictionary and grammar software. The term, however, normally refers to a range of specialized programs available to the translator, including translation-memory, terminology-management, concordance, and alignment programs.
These tools speed up and facilitate human translation, but they do not provide translation. That is a function of tools known broadly as machine translation.
Machine translation.
Machine translation (MT) is a process whereby a computer program analyzes a source text and, in principle, produces a target text without human intervention. In reality, however, machine translation typically does involve human intervention, in the form of pre-editing and post-editing.
With proper terminology work, with preparation of the source text for machine translation (pre-editing), and with reworking of the machine translation by a human translator (post-editing), commercial machine-translation tools can produce useful results, especially if the machine-translation system is integrated with a translation-memory or globalization-management system.
Unedited machine translation is publicly available through tools on the Internet such as Google Translate, Babel Fish, Babylon, and StarDict. These produce rough translations that, under favorable circumstances, "give the gist" of the source text.
With the Internet, translation software can help non-native-speaking individuals understand web pages published in other languages. Whole-page-translation tools are of limited utility, however, since they offer only a limited potential understanding of the original author's intent and context; translated pages tend to be more humorous and confusing than enlightening.
Interactive translations with pop-up windows are becoming more popular. These tools show one or more possible equivalents for each word or phrase. Human operators merely need to select the likeliest equivalent as the mouse glides over the foreign-language text. Possible equivalents can be grouped by pronunciation.
Also, companies such as Ectaco produce pocket devices that provide machine translations.
Relying exclusively on unedited machine translation, however, ignores the fact that communication in human language is context-embedded and that it takes a person to comprehend the context of the original text with a reasonable degree of probability. It is certainly true that even purely human-generated translations are prone to error; therefore, to ensure that a machine-generated translation will be useful to a human being and that publishable-quality translation is achieved, such translations must be reviewed and edited by a human.
Claude Piron writes that machine translation, at its best, automates the easier part of a translator's job; the harder and more time-consuming part usually involves doing extensive research to resolve ambiguities in the source text, which the grammatical and lexical exigencies of the target language require to be resolved. Such research is a necessary prelude to the pre-editing necessary in order to provide input for machine-translation software, such that the output will not be meaningless.
Literary translation.
Translation of literary works (novels, short stories, plays, poems, etc.) is considered a literary pursuit in its own right. For example, notable in Canadian literature "specifically" as translators are figures such as Sheila Fischman, Robert Dickson and Linda Gaboriau, and the Governor General's Awards annually present prizes for the best English-to-French and French-to-English literary translations.
Other writers, among many who have made a name for themselves as literary translators, include Vasily Zhukovsky, Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński, Vladimir Nabokov, Jorge Luis Borges, Robert Stiller and Haruki Murakami.
History.
The first important translation in the West was that of the Septuagint, a collection of Jewish Scriptures translated into early Koine Greek in Alexandria between the 3rd and 1st centuries BCE. The dispersed Jews had forgotten their ancestral language and needed Greek versions (translations) of their Scriptures.
Throughout the Middle Ages, Latin was the "lingua franca" of the western learned world. The 9th-century Alfred the Great, king of Wessex in England, was far ahead of his time in commissioning vernacular Anglo-Saxon translations of Bede's "Ecclesiastical History" and Boethius' "Consolation of Philosophy". Meanwhile the Christian Church frowned on even partial adaptations of St. Jerome's "Vulgate" of ca. 384 CE, the standard Latin "Bible".
In Asia, the spread of Buddhism led to large-scale ongoing translation efforts spanning well over a thousand years. The Tangut Empire was especially efficient in such efforts; exploiting the then newly invented block printing, and with the full support of the government (contemporary sources describe the Emperor and his mother personally contributing to the translation effort, alongside sages of various nationalities), the Tanguts took mere decades to translate volumes that had taken the Chinese centuries to render.
The Arabs undertook large-scale efforts at translation. Having conquered the Greek world, they made Arabic versions of its philosophical and scientific works. During the Middle Ages, translations of some of these Arabic versions were made into Latin, chiefly at Córdoba in Spain. Latin translations of Greek and original Arab works of scholarship and science helped advance European Scholasticism, and thus European science and culture.
The broad historic trends in Western translation practice may be illustrated on the example of translation into the English language.
The first fine translations into English were made in the 14th century by Geoffrey Chaucer, who adapted from the Italian of Giovanni Boccaccio in his own "Knight's Tale" and "Troilus and Criseyde"; began a translation of the French-language "Roman de la Rose"; and completed a translation of Boethius from the Latin. Chaucer founded an English poetic tradition on "adaptations" and translations from those earlier-established literary languages.
The first great English translation was the "Wycliffe Bible" (ca. 1382), which showed the weaknesses of an underdeveloped English prose. Only at the end of the 15th century did the great age of English prose translation begin with Thomas Malory's "Le Morte Darthur"—an adaptation of Arthurian romances so free that it can, in fact, hardly be called a true translation. The first great Tudor translations are, accordingly, the "Tyndale New Testament" (1525), which influenced the "Authorized Version" (1611), and Lord Berners' version of Jean Froissart's "Chronicles" (1523–25).
Meanwhile, in Renaissance Italy, a new period in the history of translation had opened in Florence with the arrival, at the court of Cosimo de' Medici, of the Byzantine scholar Georgius Gemistus Pletho shortly before the fall of Constantinople to the Turks (1453). A Latin translation of Plato's works was undertaken by Marsilio Ficino. This and Erasmus' Latin edition of the "New Testament" led to a new attitude to translation. For the first time, readers demanded rigor of rendering, as philosophical and religious beliefs depended on the exact words of Plato, Aristotle and Jesus.
Non-scholarly literature, however, continued to rely on "adaptation". France's "Pléiade", England's Tudor poets, and the Elizabethan translators adapted themes by Horace, Ovid, Petrarch and modern Latin writers, forming a new poetic style on those models. The English poets and translators sought to supply a new public, created by the rise of a middle class and the development of printing, with works such as the original authors "would have written", had they been writing in England in that day.
The Elizabethan period of translation saw considerable progress beyond mere paraphrase toward an ideal of stylistic equivalence, but even to the end of this period, which actually reached to the middle of the 17th century, there was no concern for verbal accuracy.
In the second half of the 17th century, the poet John Dryden sought to make Virgil speak "in words such as he would probably have written if he were living and an Englishman". Dryden, however, discerned no need to emulate the Roman poet's subtlety and concision. Similarly, Homer suffered from Alexander Pope's endeavor to reduce the Greek poet's "wild paradise" to order.
Throughout the 18th century, the watchword of translators was ease of reading. Whatever they did not understand in a text, or thought might bore readers, they omitted. They cheerfully assumed that their own style of expression was the best, and that texts should be made to conform to it in translation. For scholarship they cared no more than had their predecessors, and they did not shrink from making translations from translations in third languages, or from languages that they hardly knew, or—as in the case of James Macpherson's "translations" of Ossian—from texts that were actually of the "translator's" own composition.
The 19th century brought new standards of accuracy and style. In regard to accuracy, observes J.M. Cohen, the policy became "the text, the whole text, and nothing but the text", except for any bawdy passages and the addition of copious explanatory footnotes. In regard to style, the Victorians' aim, achieved through far-reaching metaphrase (literality) or "pseudo"-metaphrase, was to constantly remind readers that they were reading a "foreign" classic. An exception was the outstanding translation in this period, Edward FitzGerald's "Rubaiyat" of Omar Khayyam (1859), which achieved its Oriental flavor largely by using Persian names and discreet Biblical echoes and actually drew little of its material from the Persian original.
In advance of the 20th century, a new pattern was set in 1871 by Benjamin Jowett, who translated Plato into simple, straightforward language. Jowett's example was not followed, however, until well into the new century, when accuracy rather than style became the principal criterion.
Modern translation.
As languages change, texts in an earlier version of a language – either original texts or old translations – may be difficult for more modern readers to understand. Texts may thus be translated into more modern language, called a modern translation (sometimes "modern English translation" or "modernized translation").
This is particularly done either for literature from classical languages (such as Latin or Greek), most prominently the Bible (see Modern English Bible translations), or for literature from an earlier stage of the same language, such as the works of William Shakespeare (which is largely understandable to a modern audience, but presents some difficulties), or "The Canterbury Tales" of Geoffrey Chaucer (which is not generally understandable to modern readers). Modern translation is applicable to any language with a long literary history; for example in Japanese, "The Tale of Genji" (11th century) is generally read in modern translation – see "Genji:" modern readership.
Modern translation often involves literary scholarship and textual revisions, as there is frequently not a single canonical text. This is particularly noteworthy in the case of the Bible and Shakespeare, where modern scholarship can result in significant changes to the text.
Modern translation meets with opposition from some traditionalists; in English this is most significant in some people preferring the Authorized King James Version of the Bible to modern translations, and to reading Shakespeare in the original (c. 1600) text, rather than in modern translation.
An opposite process is found in translating modern literature into classical language, particularly for the goal of extensive reading – see List of Latin translations of modern literature for examples.
Poetry.
Poetry presents special challenges to translators, given the importance of a text's formal aspects, in addition to its content. In his influential 1959 paper "On Linguistic Aspects of Translation", the Russian-born linguist and semiotician Roman Jakobson went so far as to declare that "poetry by definition untranslatable".
In 1974 the American poet James Merrill wrote a poem, "Lost in Translation", which in part explores this idea. The question was also discussed in Douglas Hofstadter's 1997 book, "Le Ton beau de Marot"; he argues that a good translation of a poem must convey as much as possible of not only its literal meaning but also its form and structure (meter, rhyme or alliteration scheme, etc.).
Sung texts.
Translation of a text that is sung in vocal music for the purpose of singing in another language — sometimes called "singing translation" — is closely linked to translation of poetry because most vocal music, at least in the Western tradition, is set to verse, especially verse in regular patterns with rhyme. (Since the late 19th century, musical setting of prose and free verse has also been practiced in some art music, though popular music tends to remain conservative in its retention of stanzaic forms with or without refrains.) A rudimentary example of translating poetry for singing is church hymns, such as the German chorales translated into English by Catherine Winkworth.
Translation of sung texts is generally much more restrictive than translation of poetry, because in the former there is little or no freedom to choose between a versified translation and a translation that dispenses with verse structure. One might modify or omit rhyme in a singing translation, but the assignment of syllables to specific notes in the original musical setting places great challenges on the translator. There is the option in prose sung texts, less so in verse, of adding or deleting a syllable here and there by subdividing or combining notes, respectively, but even with prose the process is almost like strict verse translation because of the need to stick as closely as possible to the original prosody of the sung melodic line.
Other considerations in writing a singing translation include repetition of words and phrases, the placement of rests and/or punctuation, the quality of vowels sung on high notes, and rhythmic features of the vocal line that may be more natural to the original language than to the target language. A sung translation may be considerably or completely different from the original, thus resulting in a contrafactum.
Translations of sung texts — whether of the above type meant to be sung or of a more or less literal type meant to be read — are also used as aids to audiences, singers and conductors, when a work is being sung in a language not known to them. The most familiar types are translations presented as subtitles or surtitles projected during opera performances, those inserted into concert programs, and those that accompany commercial audio CDs of vocal music. In addition, professional and amateur singers often sing works in languages they do not know (or do not know well), and translations are then used to enable them to understand the meaning of the words they are singing.
Religious texts.
An important role in history has been played by translation of religious texts. Buddhist monks who translated the Indian sutras into Chinese often skewed their translations to better reflect China's distinct culture, emphasizing notions such as filial piety.
One of the first recorded instances of translation in the West was the rendering of the Old Testament into Greek in the 3rd century BCE. The translation is known as the "Septuagint", a name that refers to the seventy translators (seventy-two, in some versions) who were commissioned to translate the Bible at Alexandria, Egypt. Each translator worked in solitary confinement in his own cell, and according to legend all seventy versions proved identical. The "Septuagint" became the source text for later translations into many languages, including Latin, Coptic, Armenian and Georgian.
Still considered one of the greatest translators in history, for having rendered the "Bible" into Latin, is Jerome of Stridon, the patron saint of translation. For centuries the Roman Catholic Church used his translation (known as the Vulgate), though even this translation at first stirred controversy.
The period preceding, and contemporary with, the Protestant Reformation saw the translation of the Bible into local European languages — a development that contributed to Western Christianity's split into Roman Catholicism and Protestantism due to disparities between Catholic and Protestant versions of crucial words and passages (although the Protestant movement was largely based on other things, such as a perceived need for reformation of the Roman Catholic Church to eliminate corruption). Lasting effects on the religions, cultures and languages of their respective countries have been exerted by such Bible translations as Martin Luther's into German, Jakub Wujek's into Polish, and the King James Bible's translators' into English.
A famous "mistranslation" of the Bible is the rendering of the Hebrew word ("keren"), which has several meanings, as "horn" in a context where it also means "beam of light". As a result, for centuries artists have depicted Moses the Lawgiver with horns growing out of his forehead; an example is Michelangelo's famous sculpture.

</doc>
<doc id="18630659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630659" title="Michiel Vos">
Michiel Vos

Michiel Vos (born December 19, 1970) is a Dutch-American journalist, lawyer, jurist and United States correspondent. He is married to filmmaker Alexandra Pelosi, daughter of Minority Leader of the United States House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi. The couple has two children, Paul Michael Vos (b. 2006) and Thomas Vincent Vos (b. 2007).
Vos hosts a Dutch/Belgian TV series called "My America" about his experiences as a European living in America. He regularly appears on Dutch and Belgian television and radio commenting on American political affairs and news as well as on his experiences in the USA. He has a weekly spot on the Radio 538 show "Ruuddewild.nl". He works for "EenVandaag", "Goedemorgen Nederland" and several others. In 2006 he appeared irregularly as American correspondent for the late-night talk show "Barend & Van Dorp". He also works for the broadcasting station VPRO, as a presenter for special film nights. They live in Manhattan, New York City but are often seen together on the road working for HBO. Vos worked as producer on Pelosi's films: "The Trials of Ted Haggard", ', and '.

</doc>
<doc id="18630662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630662" title="Carlos Diaz (American soccer)">
Carlos Diaz (American soccer)

Jose Carlos Diaz (born April 15, 1987 in Napa, California) is a Mexican-American professional soccer player, who currently plays for W Connection of Trinidad and Tobago.
Career.
Youth career.
He played two years of college soccer for St. Mary's College in Moraga, California, on a full-ride soccer scholarship. In 2006 he played in all 20 games and made 16 starts as a sophomore - his 10 points was second on the team. He played in 17 games as a true freshman, and was second on the team with 15 total points and was named to the All West Coast Conference First Team, leading the league in assists in 2005 as a freshman - his 11 assists set the single-season school record. Graduated from Vintage High School in Napa, CA in 2004 and was named the team MVP and was a First Team all-league selection.
During his college years Diaz also played with the San Francisco Seals in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional career.
He started his career at Ferencvarosi TC as a forward in the eastern group of the Hungarian National Championship II. He spent some time on loan with Tököl. He currently plays for W Connection of Trinidad and Tobago.
International career.
Diaz played with the U-20 United States men's national soccer team and previously with the U-15 Mexican national football team.
Family.
Diaz's family comes from the background of Michoacan, Mexico. His father Jose Diaz, was a soccer player close to the professional level.

</doc>
<doc id="18630681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630681" title="Daredevil (Marvel Comics)">
Daredevil (Marvel Comics)

Daredevil is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist Bill Everett, with an unspecified amount of input from Jack Kirby, and first appeared in "Daredevil" #1 (April 1964).
Living in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of New York City, Matt Murdock is blinded by a radioactive substance that falls from an oncoming vehicle. While he no longer can see, the radioactive exposure heightens his remaining senses beyond normal human ability. His father, a boxer named Jack Murdock, supports him as he grows up, though Jack is later killed by gangsters after refusing to throw a fight. After donning a yellow and dark red, and later an all dark red costume, Matt seeks out revenge against his father's killers as the superhero Daredevil, fighting against his many enemies including Bullseye and the Kingpin. Daredevil's nickname is "the Man Without Fear".
While "Daredevil" had been home to the work of comic-book artists such as Everett, Kirby, Wally Wood, John Romita, Sr., and Gene Colan, among others, Frank Miller's influential tenure on the title in the early 1980s cemented the character as a popular and influential part of the Marvel Universe. Daredevil has since appeared in many various forms of media including several animated series, video games, merchandise, and the 2003 feature-length film "Daredevil", where he was portrayed by Ben Affleck.
Publication history.
1960s.
The character debuted in Marvel Comics' "Daredevil" #1 (cover date April 1964), created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist Bill Everett, with character design input from Jack Kirby, who devised Daredevil's billy club. When Everett turned in his first-issue pencils extremely late, Marvel production manager Sol Brodsky and Spider-Man co-creator Steve Ditko inked a large variety of different backgrounds, a "lot of backgrounds and secondary figures on the fly and cobbled the cover and the splash page together from Kirby's original concept drawing".
Writer and comics historian Mark Evanier has concluded (but cannot confirm) that Kirby designed the basic image of Daredevil's costume, though Everett modified it. The character's original costume design was a combination of black, yellow, and red, reminiscent of acrobat tights. Wally Wood, known for his 1950s EC Comics stories, penciled and inked issues #5-10, introducing Daredevil's modern red costume in issue #7.
Issue #12 began a brief run by Jack Kirby (layouts) and John Romita, Sr. The issue marked Romita's return to superhero penciling after a decade of working exclusively as a romance-comic artist for DC. Romita had felt he no longer wanted to pencil, in favor of being solely an inker. He recalled in 1999,
Romita later elaborated that,
When Romita left to take over "The Amazing Spider-Man", Lee gave "Daredevil" to what would be the character's first signature artist, Gene Colan, who began with issue #20 (Sept. 1966). Though #20 identifies Colan as a fill-in penciller, Romita's work load prevented him from returning to the title, and Colan ended up penciling all but three issues through #100 (June 1973), plus the 1967 annual, followed by ten issues sprinkled from 1974–1979. He would return again for an eight-issue run in 1997.
Lee never gave Colan a full script for an issue of Daredevil; instead, he would tell him the plot, and Colan would tape record the conversation to refer to while drawing the issue, leaving Lee to add the script in afterwards. Though Colan is consistently credited as penciler only, Lee would typically give him the freedom to fill in details of the plot as he saw fit. Lee explained "If I would tell Gene who the villain was and what the problem was, how the problem should be resolved and where it would take place, Gene could fill in all the details. Which made it very interesting for me to write because when I got the artwork back and had to put in the copy, I was seeing things that I'd not expected." The 31-issue Lee/Colan run on the series included "Daredevil" #47, in which Murdock defends a blind Vietnam veteran against a frameup; Lee has cited it as the story he is most proud of out of his entire career. With issue #51, Lee turned the writing chores over to Roy Thomas (who succeeded him on a number of Marvel's titles), but would remain on board as editor for another 40 issues.
The first issue covered both the character's origins and his desire for justice on the man who had killed his father, boxer "Battling Jack" Murdock, who raised young Matthew Murdock in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. Jack instills in Matt the importance of education and nonviolence with the aim of seeing his son become a better man than himself. In the course of saving a blind man from the path of an oncoming truck, Matt is blinded by a radioactive substance that falls from the vehicle. The radioactive exposure heightens his remaining senses beyond normal human thresholds, enabling him to detect the shape and location of objects around him. In order to support his son, Jack Murdock returns to boxing under the Fixer, a known gangster, and the only man willing to contract the aging boxer. When he refuses to throw a fight because his son is in the audience, he is killed by one of the Fixer's men. Adorned in a yellow and black costume made from his father's boxing robes and using his superhuman abilities, Matt confronts the killers as the superhero Daredevil, unintentionally causing the Fixer to have a fatal heart attack.
Daredevil would embark on a series of adventures involving such villains as the Owl, Stilt-Man, the Gladiator, and the Enforcers. In issue #16 (May 1966), he meets Spider-Man, a character who would later be one of his greatest hero friends. A letter from Spider-Man unintentionally exposed Daredevil's secret identity, compelling him to adopt a third identity as his twin brother Mike Murdock, whose carefree, wisecracking personality much more closely resembled that of the Daredevil guise than the stern, studious, and emotionally withdrawn Matt Murdock did. The "Mike Murdock" scheme was used to highlight the character's quasi-multiple personality disorder (he at one point wonders whether Matt or Mike/Daredevil "is the real me"), but it proved confusing to readers and was dropped in issues #41-42, with Daredevil faking Mike Murdock's death and claiming he had trained a replacement Daredevil. Murdock reveals his secret identity to his girlfriend Karen Page in issue #57, although she leaves the series after the revelation proves too much for her. This was the first of several long-term breakups between Murdock and Page, who would prove the most enduring of his love interests.
1970s.
18-year-old Gerry Conway took over as writer with issue #72, and turned the series in a pulp science fiction direction: a lengthy story arc centered on a robot from thousands of years in the future trying to change his timeline, and even long-standing arch-villain the Owl was outfitted with futuristic weaponry and vehicles. Steve Gerber came on board with issue #97, initially scripting over Conway's plots, but Gene Colan's long stint as Daredevil's penciler had come to an end. Gerber recollected, "Gene and I did a few issues together, but Gene was basically trying to move on at that point. He'd just started the "Dracula" book, and he'd been doing "Daredevil" for God knows how many years. I think he wanted to do something else." Jann Wenner, the co-founder and publisher of the "Rolling Stone" music magazine appeared in "Daredevil" #100 (June 1973) by Gerber and Colan. After six issues with fill-in pencilers, including several with Don Heck, Bob Brown took over as penciller.
Tony Isabella succeeded Gerber as writer, but editor Len Wein disapproved of his take on the series and sent him off after only five issues, planning to write it himself. Instead, he ended up handing both writing and editing jobs to his friend Marv Wolfman with issue #124, which introduced inker Klaus Janson to the title. Wolfman's 20-issue run included the introduction of one of Daredevil's most popular villains, Bullseye, and a story arc in which the Jester uses computer-generated images to hoodwink the mass media. He was dissatisfied with his work and quit, later explaining, "I felt DD needed something more than I was giving him. I was never very happy with my DD--I never found the thing that made him mine the way Frank Miller did a year or two later. So I was trying to find things to do that interested me and therefore, I hoped, the readers. Ultimately, I couldn't find anything that made DD unique to me and asked off the title." His departure coincided with Brown's death from leukemia.
With issue #144, Jim Shooter became the writer and was joined by a series of short-term pencilers, including Gil Kane, who had been penciling most of Daredevil's covers since #80 but had never before worked on the comic's interior. Shooter and artist Carmine Infantino introduced Paladin in issue #150 (Jan. 1978). The series's once solid sales began dropping during this period, and was downgraded to bi-monthly status with issue #147. Shooter still had difficulty keeping up with the schedule, and the writing chores were shortly turned over to Roger McKenzie.
McKenzie's work on Daredevil reflected his background in horror comics, and the stories and even the character himself took on a much darker tone: Daredevil battled a personification of death, one of his archenemies was bifurcated by a tombstone, and a re-envisioning of Daredevil's origin showed him using stalker tactics to drive the Fixer to his fatal heart attack. McKenzie created chain-smoking "Daily Bugle" reporter Ben Urich, who deduces Daredevil's secret identity over the course of issues #153-163, and had Daredevil using the criminal underworld of Hell's Kitchen as an information network, adding several small-time crooks to the supporting cast.
Halfway through his run, McKenzie was joined by penciler Frank Miller, who had previously drawn Daredevil in "The Spectacular Spider-Man" #27 (Feb. 1979), with issue #158 (May 1979).
Daredevil moved to San Francisco for a time beginning with "Daredevil" #81 to live with his new love interest, the spy and superheroine the Black Widow. From #92 through #107, the cover logo was retitled "Daredevil and the Black Widow". She ends the relationship in issue #124, fearing that playing "sidekick" is sublimating her identity. Murdock returns to Hell's Kitchen. The lively but emotionally fragile Heather Glenn almost immediately replaced the Black Widow as his love interest. In a story arc overlapping Wolfman, Shooter, and McKenzie's runs on the series, Daredevil reveals his identity to Glenn and becomes partially responsible for the suicide of her father; their relationship would persist, but would prove increasingly harmful to both of them. Though the Black Widow returned for a dozen issues (#155-166) and attempted to rekindle her romance with Daredevil, he ultimately rejects her in favor of Glenn.
1980s.
Sales had been declining since the end of the Wolfman/Brown run, and by the time Miller became Daredevil's penciler, the series was in danger of cancellation. Nor did Miller see himself as the series's potential savior; he disliked Roger McKenzie's scripts, and Jim Shooter (who had since become Marvel's editor-in-chief) had to talk him out of quitting. Seeking to appease Miller, and impressed by a short backup feature he had written, new editor Denny O'Neil fired McKenzie so that Miller could write the series. The decision was made so abruptly that the last issue of McKenzie's run plugs a two-part story which never appeared though part one eventually saw print in "Daredevil" #183.
Wally Wood, following kidney failure and the loss of vision in one eye, returned to the character he helped define, inking Miller's cover of "Daredevil" #164 (May 1980). It was one of Wood's final assignments before his death in 1981.
Miller continued the title in a similar vein to McKenzie. Resuming the drastic metamorphosis the previous writer had begun, Miller took the step of essentially ignoring all of Daredevil's continuity prior to his run on the series; on the occasions where older villains and supporting cast were used, their characterizations and history with Daredevil were reworked or overwritten. Most prominently, dedicated and loving father Jack Murdock was reimagined as a drunkard who physically abused his son Matt, entirely revising Daredevil's reasons for becoming a lawyer. Spider-Man villain Kingpin was introduced as Daredevil's new nemesis, displacing most of his large rogues gallery. Daredevil himself was gradually developed into an antihero. In issue #181, he attempts to murder one of his arch-enemies by throwing him off a tall building; when the villain survives as a quadriplegiac, he breaks into his hospital room and tries to scare him to death by playing a two-man variation on Russian roulette with a secretly unloaded gun. Comics historian Les Daniels noted that "Almost immediately, began to attract attention with his terse tales of urban crime." Miller's revamping of the title was controversial among fans, but it clicked with new readers, and sales began soaring, the comic returning to monthly status just three issues after Miller came on as writer.
Miller introduced ninjas into the Daredevil canon, bringing a martial arts aspect to Daredevil's fighting skills, and introducing previously unseen characters who had played a major part in his youth: Stick, leader of the ninja clan the Chaste, who had been Murdock's sensei after he was blinded; a rival clan called the Hand; and Elektra, an ex-girlfriend turned lethal ninja assassin. This was a drastic change for a character once called "the sightless swashbuckler". Elektra was killed fighting Bullseye in issue #181 (April 1982), an issue which saw brisk sales.
With #185, inker Janson began doing the pencils over Miller's layouts, and in #191 Miller left the series entirely. O'Neil switched from editor to writer. O'Neil was not enthusiastic about the switch, later saying "I took the gig mostly because there didn't seem to be (m)any other viable candidates for it." He continued McKenzie and Miller's noir take on the series, but backed away from the antihero depiction of the character by having him not only spare Bullseye's life, but express guilt over his two previous attempts to kill him. Janson left shortly after Miller, replaced initially by penciler William Johnson and inker Danny Bulanadi, who were both supplanted by David Mazzucchelli. Novelists Harlan Ellison and Arthur Byron Cover co-wrote two issues in 1984. Miller returned with a story in issue #219 (June 1985) and returned as the title's regular writer, co-writing #226 with O'Neil. Miller and Mazzucchelli crafted the acclaimed "" storyline in #227-233. Karen Page, who had not been seen since Marv Wolfman's run a decade before, returned as a heroin-addicted porn star, and sells Daredevil's secret identity for drug money. The Kingpin acquires the information and in an act of revenge, orchestrates a frameup which costs Murdock his attorney's license. Miller ended the arc on a positive note, with Murdock reuniting with both Karen Page and Maggie, the mother he thought dead, now a nun. Miller intended to produce an additional two-part story with artist Walt Simonson but the story was never completed and remains unpublished.
Three fill-in issues followed before Steve Englehart (under the pseudonym "John Harkness") took the post of writer, only to lose it after one issue due to a plot conflict with one of the fill-ins. Ann Nocenti was brought on as a fill-in writer but became the series's longest-running regular writer, with a four-and-a-quarter year run from #238-291 (Jan. 1987 - April 1991). The shuffle of short-term artists continued for her first year, until John Romita, Jr. joined as penciller from #250-282 (Jan. 1988 - Jul. 1990) alongside inker Al Williamson, who stayed on through #300.
The team returned Murdock to law by co-founding with Page a nonprofit drug and legal clinic, while Nocenti crafted stories confronting feminism, drug abuse, nuclear proliferation, and animal rights-inspired terrorism. She introduced the antagonist Typhoid Mary, and in issues #262-265 used the Inferno event as a backdrop for the collapse of Daredevil's life: the clinic was destroyed, Page went missing after learning of his affair with Mary Walker, and Walker revealed herself as the alter ego of Typhoid Mary. Murdock subsequently became a drifter in upstate New York, an especially controversial move in Nocenti's run, as it marked the first time he had been taken outside of an urban environment. She ended her run with a positive turn in Murdock's fortunes: he returned to Hell's Kitchen, regained his sense of self, reconciled with Foggy Nelson, and resolved to seek out Karen Page.
1990s.
New writer D. G. Chichester and penciler Lee Weeks continued from where Nocenti left off, with Murdock resuming his friendship with Foggy Nelson, struggling to re-win the heart of Karen Page, appealing the revocation of his attorney's license, and bonding more deeply than ever with Hell's Kitchen. Chichester's focus on Daredevil's relationship with New York City went so far as to have two issues devoted entirely to Daredevil defending New Yorkers from ordinary criminals and even simple accidents. The critically acclaimed "Last Rites" arc from #297-300 saw Daredevil regaining his attorney's license and finally bringing the Kingpin to justice.
Frank Miller returned to the character and his origins with the 1993 five-issue "Daredevil: The Man Without Fear" miniseries. With artist John Romita, Jr., Miller expanded his retcon of the life and death of Murdock's father, "Battling Jack" Murdock, and Murdock's first encounters with the Kingpin and Foggy Nelson. The role of Stick in the genesis of Daredevil was expanded, as was Murdock's doomed love affair with Elektra.
The creative team of Chichester and penciler Scott McDaniel changed the "status quo" with their "Fall From Grace" storyline in issues #319-325 (Aug. 1993 - Feb. 1994). Elektra, who was resurrected in #190 but had not been seen since, finally returned. An injured Daredevil creates a more protective costume from biomimetic materials: red and grey with white armor on the shoulders and knee pads. Revamped billy clubs could attach to form nunchucks or a bo staff. His secret identity became public knowledge, leading to him faking his own death and assuming the new identity of "Jack Baitlan". This new identity and costume lasts for several story arcs ("Tree of Knowledge", "Humanity's Fathom", and "Wages of Sin"), while Murdock finds a way to convince the world that he is not, in fact, secretly Daredevil (courtesy of a double). A short stint by J. M. DeMatteis returned Daredevil to his traditional red costume and Matt Murdock identity.
Under writers Karl Kesel and later Joe Kelly, the title gained a lighter tone, with Daredevil returning to the lighthearted, wisecracking hero depicted by earlier writers. Matt and Foggy (who now knows of Matt's dual identities) join a law firm run by Foggy's mother, Rosalind Sharpe. Gene Colan returned to the series during this time, but though initially enthusiastic about drawing Daredevil again, he quit after seven issues, complaining that Kesel and Kelly's scripts were too "retro".
In 1998, "Daredevil"'s numbering was rebooted, with the title "canceled" with issue #380 and revived a month later as part of the Marvel Knights imprint. Joe Quesada drew the new series, written by filmmaker Kevin Smith. Its first story arc, "Guardian Devil", depicts Daredevil struggling to protect a child whom he is told could either be the Messiah or the Anti-Christ. Murdock experiences a crisis of faith exacerbated by the discovery that Karen Page has AIDS (later revealed to be a hoax) and her subsequent death at Bullseye's hands.
Smith was succeeded by writer-artist David Mack, who contributed the seven-issue "Parts of a Hole" (vol. 2, #9-15). The arc introduced Maya Lopez, also known as Echo, a deaf martial artist.
2000s.
David Mack brought independent-comics colleague Brian Michael Bendis to Marvel to co-write the following arc, "Wake Up" in vol. 2 #16-19 (May 2001-Aug. 2001), which follows reporter Ben Urich as he investigates the aftereffects of a fight between Daredevil and the new Leap-Frog. Following Mack and Bendis were "Back to the Future" screenwriter Bob Gale and artists Phil Winslade and David Ross for the story "Playing to the Camera". Mack continued to contribute covers.
The 2001 "Daredevil: Yellow" miniseries presented another take on Daredevil's origins using letters written to Karen Page after her death. Here Page believes she is in love with both Daredevil and Murdock, and Nelson with Karen Page, resulting in a silent rivalry between the two men. The supervillains the Owl and the Purple Man are the antagonists. In this story, Daredevil credits Page with coining the phrase "The Man without Fear", and she suggests to Daredevil he wear all dark red instead of dark red and yellow.
Issue #26 (Dec. 2001) brought back Brian Michael Bendis, working this time with artist Alex Maleev. IGN called Bendis' four-year-run "one of the greatest creative tenures in Marvel history" and commented that it rivaled Frank Miller's work. Developments in this run included the introduction of romantic interest and future wife Milla Donovan, the outing once again of Murdock's secret identity, the reemergence of the Kingpin, and Daredevil's surrender to the FBI.
The impact of his exposure as Daredevil continued to be used as a plot point by both Bendis and writer Ed Brubaker and artist Michael Lark, who became the new creative team with "Daredevil" vol. 2, #82 (Feb. 2006), no longer under the Marvel Knights imprint.
Brubaker's first story arc had a new character masquerading as Daredevil in Hell's Kitchen. Murdock later discovered the ersatz Daredevil is his friend Danny Rand, the superhero Iron Fist.
The series returned to its original numbering with issue #500 (Oct. 2009), which followed vol. 2, #119 (Aug. 2009). New writer Andy Diggle revised the status quo,
2010s.
Following this came the crossover story arc "Shadowland", in which Daredevil was possessed by a demon. Murdock then left New York, leaving his territory in the hands of the Black Panther in the briefly retitled series' "Black Panther: Man Without Fear" #513. Murdock finds himself renewed in the miniseries "Daredevil: Reborn" #1-4 (March–July 2011).
In July 2011, Daredevil relaunched with vol. 3 #1 (Sept. 2011), with the creative team of writer Mark Waid and penciler Paolo Rivera. Waid said he was interested in "tweaking the adventure-to-depression ratio a bit and letting Matt win again," as well as emphasizing the character's powers and perception of the physical world. In the premiere issue, Murdock finds he can no longer serve as a trial lawyer due to past allegations of his being Daredevil causing a case he represents in court to turn into a media circus. Two issues later, Nelson and Murdock have developed a new business strategy of serving as consulting counselors, by teaching clients how to represent themselves in court. Daredevil joined the New Avengers in a story written by former "Daredevil" series writer Brian Michael Bendis. Daredevil appeared as a regular character in the 2010-2013 "New Avengers" series, from issue #16 (November 2011) through its final issue #34 (January 2013). At one point, Foggy begins to questions Matt's sanity, ultimately leading to a fallout between the two. They reconciled once the truth was discovered. The series officially ended at Issue 36. where Matt is forced to reveal the truth of him being Daredevil to avoid being blackmailed by a member of the Sons of Serpent resulting in him being disbarred by the New York Supreme Court. The series will be relaunching in the following month with Waid and Samnee once again handling the series as part of the All-New Marvel NOW! event where since he cannot be admitted into a new State Bar except for one he served in before, Matt is forced to once again re-locate to San Francisco. Prior to this a limited-run weekly digital mini-series from Infinite Comics will be released titled "Daredevil: Road Warrior" (also by Waid and Samnee) which will focus on Daredevil's adventures as he travels from New York to San Francisco. 
Powers and abilities.
Although blind, the character's remaining four senses function with high levels of superhuman accuracy and sensitivity, giving him abilities far beyond the limits of a sighted person; few know that the hero cannot see. Daredevil developed a radar sense, which is similar to echolocation.
When Frank Miller expanded most of Daredevil's abilities, he attempted to make them "extraordinary enough to be exciting, but not on par with Superman", noting Superman's distinctly unbelievable powers. When Miller joined the title in 1979, the first thing he did to the character was "revamp" his radar sense and made it less distinct and more believable; he wanted Daredevil to have the "proximity" sense that most martial artists claim to have. Because of this, he created an ability for Daredevil to hear the Hulk's heartbeat four blocks away. Due to the character's sensitive sense of touch, Daredevil can read by passing his fingers over the letters on a page though laminated pages prevent him from reading the ink. Daredevil has commonly used his superhuman hearing to serve as a lie detector for interrogation by listening for changes in a person's heartbeat. This ability can be fooled if the other person's heart is not beating at a natural rate, such as if they have a pacemaker.
Just as Daredevil's other senses are stronger, they are also sensitive; his main weakness is his vulnerability to powerful sounds or odors that can be used to temporarily weaken his radar sense. This weakness is often used to immobilize Daredevil if he were bombarded by too much sound, which will cause him great pain and disorient him. Additionally Daredevil needs to detect something with his radar to know it is there or it will remain invisible to him, which makes it possible to have something get past his radar if he is unable to detect it. In one instance the hallucinogenic drug that Mysterio created was designed with no taste or smell so Daredevil could not tell he was drugged until he consulted Doctor Strange who was able to discover it from the small cross that Mysterio gave to Daredevil in disguise which contained the drug and magically cured him. When Daredevil fought Psylocke during the war between the Avengers and the X-Men, he briefly gained an advantage when she tried to read his mind and found herself overwhelmed by the sensory input she received from his enhanced senses, reflecting the scale of psychological training required for Daredevil to operate as he does.
Though he has no superhuman "physical" attributes beyond an enhanced sense of balance, Daredevil is a master of martial arts. Having been trained by Stick, Daredevil is a master hand-to-hand combatant. His typical moves are unique blends of the martial arts of ninjutsu, aiki jujutsu, jujitsu, kung fu, capoeira, judo, aikido, wrestling, and stick fighting combined with American-style boxing while making full use of his gymnastics capabilities.
Daredevil's signature weapon is his specially-designed billy club, which he created. Disguised as a blind man's cane in civilian garb, it is a multi-purpose weapon and tool that contains thirty feet of aircraft control cable connected to a case-hardened steel grapnel. Internal mechanisms allow the cable to be neatly wound and unwound, while a powerful spring launches the grapnel. The handle can be straightened for use when throwing. The club can be split into two parts, one of which is a fighting baton, the other of which ends in a curved hook.
In his civilian identity, Murdock is a skilled and respected attorney with an encyclopedic knowledge of law, especially New York statutes. He is a skilled detective, tracker, and interrogation expert, as well as being an expert marksman.
Other versions.
In addition to his mainstream incarnation, Daredevil has had been depicted in other fictional universes, including Marvel 2099, Marvel Noir and the Ultimate Marvel Universe.
Reception.
Daredevil was named "Empire"'s 37th Greatest Comic Book Character, citing him as "a compelling, layered and visually striking character". "Empire" praised Frank Miller's era, and referenced Brian Michael Bendis, Jeph Loeb, and Kevin Smith's tenures on the series. "Wizard" magazine ranked Daredevil 21st among their list of the 200 Greatest Comic Characters of All Time, and comic book readers polled through the website Comic Book Resources voted the character the third best of the Marvel Comics stable. IGN ranked "Daredevil" as the third best series from Marvel Comics in 2006 and in 2011 ranked "Daredevil" as #10 on their list of "Top 100 Comic Book Heroes".
The series has won the following awards as well:
Supporting characters.
Throughout the core "Daredevil" series, many characters have had an influence in Matt Murdock's life. His father, "Battlin' Jack" Murdock instills in Matt the importance of education and nonviolence with the aim of seeing his son become a better man than himself. He always encouraged Matt to study, rather than fight like him. Jack forbade his son from undertaking any kind of physical training. It is his father's murder that prompts the super-powered character to become a superhero, fighting gangsters. He was trained by an old blind ninja master named Stick following his childhood accident.
Matt Murdock's greatest friend is Franklin "Foggy" Nelson, his college roommate, sidekick, and law partner. Their relationship in the early years of the series was fraught with tension due to Nelson's sense of inferiority to Murdock as a lawyer and as a target for the affections of their secretary, Karen Page. They frequently argued over Murdock's preference for defending supervillains, as Nelson's enthusiasm is for corporate law. The pudgy and fallible Nelson has often been used by writers for lightheartedness and even comic relief. As a superhero, one of Daredevil's best friends is the hero Spider-Man; with his enhanced senses, Murdock was able to physically identify Spider-Man on their first meeting, and Spider-Man in turn learned his secret identity some time after. Due to the events of the "" storyline, Murdock no longer knows Spider-Man's secret identity, and since then refused to relearn it due to the potential danger involved. Iron Fist would later become one of his greatest friends, and at one point took on the role of Daredevil himself. Jessica Jones, a former superhero turned private investigator acts as a bodyguard for Matt Murdock in his civilian life. Her husband, Luke Cage, is a friend of Daredevil as well. Maya Lopez, a deaf woman and skilled martial artist, is a friend of Daredevil after he fought her and convinced her that he did not murder her father, because she was being manipulated by the Kingpin, who was responsible. Ben Urich, a reporter for the "Daily Bugle" discovered Daredevil's identity and eventually becomes his friend as well, though during his identity dispute Daredevil decided to end his "secret professional relationship" with Urich to avoid getting Urich mixed up in his problems and being used against him.
Daredevil has a convoluted and often tortured love life. One of Daredevil's more notable love interests is Elektra, an assassin who would later be killed. In the 2000s, Murdock marries a woman named Milla Donovan, although one of Daredevil's enemies drives her to insanity.
Daredevil enemies.
In his early years, Daredevil fought a number of costumed supervillains, the first of these being Electro, a prominent Spider-Man foe, in "Daredevil" #2. A number of recurring villains would be introduced over the years, such as the Owl, the Purple Man, Mister Fear, Stilt-Man, Gladiator, the Jester, the Man-Bull, and Death-Stalker. The supervillain duo of the Cobra and Mr. Hyde have frequently clashed with Daredevil, and Hyde has fought Daredevil alone on several occasions. The psychotic assassin Bullseye was introduced by Marv Wolfman in issue #131, and was a frequent antagonist over the next six years of the series.
Beginning with Frank Miller's run on "Daredevil", his traditional rogues gallery was used less often, and The Kingpin became Daredevil's arch-enemy. Like the Purple Man, Death-Stalker, Assassin, and several others, the Kingpin has long known Daredevil's secret identity. His run as the series's central villain ended with issue #300, but he continues to menace Daredevil on occasion. Elektra made her debut as a bounty hunter, and though her time as part of Daredevil's rogues gallery was brief (spanning barely a year of the series), her romantic past with him is an important part of the mythos. In "Daredevil" #254, Ann Nocenti introduced Typhoid Mary, an assassin for the Kingpin with an identity disorder became a prominent Daredevil foe. The Punisher, vigilante Frank Castle, is one of Daredevil's most prolific antagonists and at times a reluctant ally.

</doc>
<doc id="18630687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630687" title="Latvian State Language Center">
Latvian State Language Center

The Latvian State Language Center () is the language regulator of the Latvian language. It was created in 1992 and it is based in Riga. Center's functions include fining for violations in the field of use of languages. Since 2009, the Center of Terminology and Translation was included into the State Language Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18630705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630705" title="Airdrie">
Airdrie

Airdrie may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="18630707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630707" title="Histrionicotoxin">
Histrionicotoxin

Histrionicotoxins are a group of related toxins found in the skin of poison frogs from the "Dendrobatidae" family, notably "Oophaga histrionica". It is likely that as with other poison frog alkaloids, histrionicotoxins are not manufactured by the amphibians, but absorbed from insects in their diet and stored in glands in their skin.
Histrionicotoxins are less powerful toxins compared to many of the other alkaloids found in poison frogs; however, they have an unusual chemical structure and a distinct mechanism of action, acting as a potent non-competitive antagonists of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, binding to a regulatory site on the delta subunit of the ion channel complex. They also have some affinity for sodium and potassium channels, although they are much less potent for these targets. The synthesis of histrionicotoxins and various homologues is synthetically challenging and has been the subject of many different attempts.

</doc>
<doc id="18630718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630718" title="Institute of the Estonian Language">
Institute of the Estonian Language

The Institute of the Estonian Language () is the language regulator of the Estonian language. It was founded in 1993 as the Institute of Language and Literature was reorganized. It is based in Tallinn. Its director is currently Urmas Sutrop.

</doc>
<doc id="18630725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630725" title="Die Taalkommissie">
Die Taalkommissie

Die Taalkommissie () is an arm of the "Suid-Afrikaanse Akademie vir Wetenskap en Kuns" ("South-African Academy for Science and Arts") that serves as the technical committee of the Nasionale Taalliggaam vir Afrikaans (NTLA), which is the language regulator of the Afrikaans language. The Akademie was founded in Bloemfontein in 1909, and its arm, the "Spellingskommissie" ("Spellings Commission"), was formed in 1914 and renamed in 1964.
The Language Commission focuses mainly on the revision and publication of the "Afrikaanse Woordelys en Spelreëls" ("Afrikaans Word List and Spelling Rules"), a standard guide to the spelling and related writing conventions of the Afrikaans language. It is held as an authoritative source for the spelling of Afrikaans words, of which several, such as "baie", were spelled in multiple ways up to 1917. Ten editions of the "AWS" have appeared up to 2009.
Furthermore it takes cognizance of Afrikaans grammar and the natural developments in the Afrikaans language community, such as new terminology which emerges in technology and other disciplines. Its coverage of varieties of Standard Afrikaans is being expanded, which includes the Nama, Griekwa and Kaaps varieties, besides words used in the Afrikaans Muslim community.
Ernst Kotzé of the NMMU was chairman from 2003 up to March 2012, when he was succeeded by Tom McLachlan, a linguist at UNISA.

</doc>
<doc id="18630736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630736" title="Field Force">
Field Force

A Field Force in British and Indian Army military parlance is a combined arms land force operating under actual or assumed combat circumstances usually for the length of a specific military campaign. It is used by other nations, but can have a different meaning.
United Kingdom use.
A Field Force would be created from the various units in an area of military operations and be named for the geographical area. Examples are-
Australian use.
In Australia a Field Force comprises the units required to meet operational commitments.
United States Use.
In the United States, during the Vietnam War the term came to stand for a Corps-sized organization with other functions and responsibilities. To avoid confusion with the Corps designations used by the Army of the Republic of Vietnam and to allow for a flexible organization, MACV and General William Westmoreland developed the "Field Force" such as I Field Force and II Field Force. Unlike an Army Corps, which had a size and structure fixed by Army doctrine, the Field Force could expand as needed and had other functions such as liaison with South Vietnamese and Civil Affairs functions and was flexible enough to have many subordinate units assigned to it.
Police field forces.
In counter insurgency type campaigns, select and specially trained units of police armed and equipped as light infantry have been designated as police field forces who perform paramilitary type patrols and ambushes whilst retaining their police powers in areas that were highly dangerous.
Examples of these are:

</doc>
<doc id="18630737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630737" title="Guernsey at the Commonwealth Games">
Guernsey at the Commonwealth Games

Guernsey has competed ten times in the Commonwealth Games to date, beginning in 1970.
Medal tally.
Guernsey was forty-first on the all-time medal tally of the Commonwealth Games after the 2010 games in New Delhi, India, having won six medals since 1970.
History.
Guernsey first participated at the Games in 1970 in Edinburgh, Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18630754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630754" title="Revive! Ultraman">
Revive! Ultraman

Synopsis.
Made by combining footage from the original series with newly filmed material, it served as an "epilogue" to the original "Ultraman" television series, as Ultraman returns to Earth for one final battle.
The plot of this episode picks up from Ultraman's defeat at the hands of Zetton. Zetton was destroyed by the Patrol and Ultraman is saved by Zoffy and has recombined with Hayata. However both Ultraman and Hayata are weakened by this defeat as well as suffering from a lack of confidence. Ultraman is being bested by other monsters and saved by the Patrol. The Patrol realizes they cannot count on Ultraman at this time and Hayata feels weaker. Arashi suggests Hayata use a stamina drink and Ide gets an idea and heads to his lab to build a new device.
Hayata's ultra-senses divine the approach of a second Zetton attack fleet but before he can warn the Captain, Ide warns them of the fleet as he somehow knows it is coming. The patrol attacks the new fleet to minimal effect and another Zetton is defeated at their headquarters, but this triggers the revival of a previously defeated monster along with Pigmon. 
Pigmon warns them of what is coming and Ide can understand Pigmon perfectly somehow. Pigmon is again mortally wounded and this angers Hayata who triggers the beta capsule and becomes Ultraman. Ultraman wins, but now there is a simultaneous attack by several revived monsters. Ultraman then reveals a new power call Ultra Separation. He absorbs extra energies and creates replicas of himself who scatter to defeat the monsters. After this he reverts to Hayata. 
Hayata is then alerted that Zetton 2 is attacking headquarters and transforms again. The fight goes bad for Ultraman due to his weakened condition and he hesitates to fire his specium beam. Ide reveals a new device which Arashi shoots into Ultraman's color timer. The device is a solar energy booster which fully recharges Ultraman. Ultraman then demolishes Zetton 2 with his rainbow spectrum colored specium blast.

</doc>
<doc id="18630773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630773" title="Matyra River">
Matyra River

Matyra () is a river in Tambov and Lipetsk Oblasts of Russia. It is a left tributary of the Voronezh River (in the Don's drainage basin), and has a length of 180 km and a drainage basin of 5,180 km². The average discharge 39 km from its mouth is 11.7 m³/s. The town of Gryazi is situated by the Matyra River.
A reservoir was created on the river in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18630777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630777" title="Vangelis Georgiou">
Vangelis Georgiou

Evangelos "Vangelis" Georgiou (; born 4 November 1988) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Ergotelis F.C. in the Greek Football League.
Career.
Born in Thessaloniki, Georgiou began playing football with local side PAOK. After a one-year loan period to Panserraikos F.C., he returned to PAOK, but finally he was not in the plans of the new manager of the team. On 5 August 2011, he agreed to terminate his contract.
He usually plays as a left defender but he is also capable of playing as a left midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18630810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630810" title="List of stars with resolved images">
List of stars with resolved images

The following is a list of stars whose images have been resolved beyond a point source. Aside from the Sun, stars are tremendously small in apparent size, requiring the use of special high-resolution equipment to image. For example, the first star, other than the Sun, to be directly imaged was Betelgeuse. It has an angular diameter of only 50 milliarcseconds (mas).
List.
An incomplete list is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18630820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630820" title="Michael Jordan (Irish politician)">
Michael Jordan (Irish politician)

Michael Jordan was an Irish politician. A farmer, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1922, 1923 and June 1927 general elections. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the September 1927 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Wexford constituency. He stood as a Cumann na nGaedheal candidate at the 1932 general election but was not re-elected.

</doc>
<doc id="18630825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630825" title="Santa Casa da Misericórdia">
Santa Casa da Misericórdia

The Santa Casa da Misericórdia ("Holy House of Mercy") is a Portuguese charity founded in Lisbon in 1498 by the Queen Leonor of Portugal.
After the Lisbon "Santa Casa da Misericóridia", similar organizations were created in many other cities and towns of Portugal and of the Portuguese Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="18630830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630830" title="Brooks's dyak fruit bat">
Brooks's dyak fruit bat

The Brooks’s dyak fruit bat ("Dyacopterus brooksi") is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family found in Sumatra. It was formerly included as a subspecies of "Dyacopterus spadiceus".

</doc>
<doc id="18630837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630837" title="Institute for Bulgarian Language">
Institute for Bulgarian Language

The Institute for Bulgarian Language (in Bulgarian: Институт за български език) is the language regulator of the Bulgarian language. It was created on May 15, 1942, and is based in Sofia. The institute develops a national dictionary, publishes magazines on linguistic investigation, and offers courses, including a PhD program. It is part of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18630859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630859" title="Packsaddle Grove">
Packsaddle Grove

Packsaddle Grove is a medium sized sequoia grove on Giant Sequoia National Monument. This compact grove offers a rare look at a truly old growth forest where California condors have, and may once again live. The main access to this grove is via dirt roads and cross-country hiking. The terrain is steep, so it's a difficult hike. You can only visit this grove in the summer when the roads are open. The main option for seeing this grove is to hike cross-country through it. It is a fairly wet grove because it straddles Packsaddle Creek and its tributaries. The largest known sequoia in this grove is the Packsaddle Giant, which has the fourth-largest ground perimeter of any sequoia at . Near the giant is the Candelabra Tree. Another interesting tree in this grove is the General Lee Tree, also known as the Ghost Tree. This tree would be one of the largest trees, except for its broken top. However, it is growing a new top, or leader.
Noteworthy trees.
Some of the trees found in the grove that are worthy of special note are:
References.
http://www.fs.fed.us/r5/sequoia/recreation/giant_sequoia_groves.html#packsaddle

</doc>
<doc id="18630871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630871" title="Red howler">
Red howler

The red howlers are three species of howler monkeys that formerly were considered conspecific:

</doc>
<doc id="18630883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630883" title="Ansell's epauletted fruit bat">
Ansell's epauletted fruit bat

The Ansell's Epauletted Fruit Bat ("Epomophorus anselli") is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family.

</doc>
<doc id="18630903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630903" title="Hermitage Plaza">
Hermitage Plaza

Hermitage Plaza is the project made of a podium and 6 buildings, of which two towers, proposed by Hermitage Group for Paris-La Défense business district. Upon completion, the two towers will be the tallest buildings in the European Union. 
Concept.
Hermitage Plaza is an innovative mixed-use project at the entrance of Europe’s biggest central business district - La Defense in Paris, and is situated across the Seine River from the residential district of Neuilly-Paris, which will bring together programs of luxury serviced apartments, a 5-Star palace hotel, class-A offices, high-end retail, and the public and entertainment space. Placed along Paris’ unrivalled historical axis, linking the Louvre Palace, and its crystal pyramid, to the Arc de Triomphe and the Grande Arche of La Defense, Hermitage Plaza would have been visible from every corner of the capital. 
The shape of the Hermitage Plaza is divided into two distinct volumes. The genesis of this design is the will to create optimum permeability of the site at ground level whilst maximizing the views from each of the two towers, as well as preserving views from the neighboring buildings. 
The design incorporates a number of distinguishing features such as:
The project inscribes itself within the Paris-La Defense renewal plan, initiated and driven by the EPADESA (local planning authorities).
History of the project.
The project is managed by Emin Iskenderov, a Russian property developer. The project was revealed by Norman Foster, on 11 March 2009 at the MIPIM (real estate show for professionals) which took place in Cannes, France. Hermitage Plaza high with 86 and 85 floors, after completion in 2019, will become the tallest building in the European Union. Hermitage Group had originally proposed a different design, by Jacques Ferrier, which was running for the Tour Signal contest. The Tour Signal contest was won by Jean Nouvel's project but Hermitage Group tried to have its towers built anyway. This was possible because Tour Signal's location was free and Ferrier's project was not planned to be at the same location as Nouvel's from the beginning. However Hermitage Group and Ferrier were soon at odds over undisclosed points and Ferrier left the project; Hermitage then announced it would order a new design from Norman Foster, which became the currently known one.
It is scheduled to start by 2014 and to be completed by 2019. This is close but Hermitage SAS claims to have secured the financing of the project.

</doc>
<doc id="18630906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630906" title="Disease (album)">
Disease (album)

Disease is the second studio album by the industrial/horror techno band G.G.F.H.. This album saw the band take a more techno approach, pushing aside the sludgier sound of their earlier material. The album features three of the tracks recorded for the Reality EP, ("Room 213", "Dead Men Don’t Rape", "Real"), albeit in a more techno-inspired form.

</doc>
<doc id="18630911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630911" title="List of Bolton Wanderers F.C. records and statistics">
List of Bolton Wanderers F.C. records and statistics

Bolton Wanderers F.C. is an English professional association football club based in Horwich, Bolton. The club was founded as Christ Church F.C. in 1874, making them one of the oldest football clubs in England, and turned professional in 1877, before joining the Football League as founder members in 1888. Bolton Wanderers currently play in the Championship, the second tier of English football. They were relegated from the top tier (where they'd been since 2001) in 2012 but in their time as a professional club have played in all four professional English leagues.
This list encompasses the major honours won by Bolton Wanderers and records set by the club, their managers and their players. The player records section includes details of the club's leading goalscorers and those who have made most appearances in first-team competitions. It also records notable achievements by Bolton Wanderers players on the international stage, and the highest transfer fees paid and received by the club. The club's attendance records, both at The Reebok Stadium, their home since 1997, and Burnden Park, their home between 1895 to 1997, are also included in the list.
The club have won the FA Cup 4 times, but not since 1958, and have spent the majority of their history in the top flight of English football. Bolton also hold the record for the most years in the top flight of English football without winning the title, 72 years in total. The club's record appearance maker is Eddie Hopkinson, who made 578 appearances between his debut in 1952 and retirement in 1970, and the club's record goalscorer is Nat Lofthouse, who scored 285 goals in 503 games between 1946 and 1960.
"All stats accurate as of match played 10 December 2011."
Players.
"All current players are in bold"
Appearances.
Most appearances.
"Competitive matches only. 
Goalscorers.
Top goalscorers.
"Competitive matches only."
World Cup participants.
This section lists all players who have played in a World Cup Finals game whilst playing for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
European Championship participants.
This section lists all players who have played in a European Championship Finals game whilst playing for Bolton Wanderers F.C.
Record transfer fees.
Paid.
Bolton Wanderers's record signing is Johan Elmander, who signed for the club from Toulouse for £8.2 million in June 2008. This beat the previous record of £8.0 million, which the club paid Fenerbahce for Nicolas Anelka in 2006
Progression of record fee paid.
The club's first £1,000 transfer came in 1911, when they signed Alf Bentley from Derby County. They made their first £100,000 signing in 1978 with the transfer of Alan Gowling from Newcastle United for £120,000 and their first £1,000,000 transfer when they signed Gerry Taggart from Barnsley in 1995.
Received.
The largest fee that Bolton Wanderers have received for one of their players was the £15million that Chelsea paid for the services of Nicolas Anelka during the transfer window of January 2008. Four years later, Bolton received their second largest transfer fee, also from Chelsea, for defender Gary Cahill.
Bolton Wanderers in Europe.
Below is Bolton Wanderers' record in Europe. As of 2008 they have appeared in the UEFA Cup twice, losing only two games in the process.

</doc>
<doc id="18630913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630913" title="Maffei 2">
Maffei 2

Maffei 2 is an intermediate spiral galaxy about 10 million light-years away in the constellation Cassiopeia. Maffei 2 and Maffei 1 were both discovered by Paolo Maffei in 1968 from their infrared emission. Maffei 2 lies in the Zone of Avoidance and is about 99.5% obscured by the Milky Way's foreground dust clouds, and as a result is barely detectable at optical wavelengths. It had been suggested soon after its discovery that Maffei 2 may be a member of the Local Group, but it is now thought to be a member of another nearby group, the IC 342/Maffei Group, the group of galaxies that is the closest to the Local Group .

</doc>
<doc id="18630927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630927" title="Academia das Ciências de Lisboa, Classe de Letras">
Academia das Ciências de Lisboa, Classe de Letras

The Academia das Ciências de Lisboa, Classe de Letras (Portuguese for "Lisbon Science Academy, Class of Letters") is the language regulator of the Portuguese language in Portugal.
It was created by the queen Maria I of Portugal, on December 24, 1779, during the Age of Enlightenment.
It is based in Lisbon and the current president of the board of direction is Adriano Moreira.

</doc>
<doc id="18630934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630934" title="Vladimir Lisitsin">
Vladimir Lisitsin

Vladimir Fyodorovich Lisitsin () (born August 20, 1938 in Semipalatinsk; died in 1971) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Lisitsin played his only game for USSR on May 20, 1964 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18630936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630936" title="Kosti, Burgas Province">
Kosti, Burgas Province

Kosti (, stressed on the last syllable, formerly Greek: Κωστί - "Kosti") is a village in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Tsarevo Municipality, Burgas Province. It is located on the banks of the Veleka River in the Strandzha mountains not far from the Turkish border, 20-25 kilometres south of Tsarevo and 91 km southeast of Burgas. As of June 2008, it has a population of 320[http://grao.bg/tna/tab02.txt] and the mayor is Iliya Yazov.
Traces of ancient metallurgical activity have been discovered in the vicinity of Kosti, as well as a big necropolis and several independent mounds of Thracian origin. The modern village was first mentioned in an Ottoman tax register of 1498, according to which Kosti's population consisted of 22 Christian families. It also featured in a 17th-century tax register, and during the Russo-Turkish War of 1828-1829 it was described as a Greek village "(see Greeks in Bulgaria)". Statistics of 1898 count 185 Greek and 25 Bulgarian houses, whereas 1897 data only notes 300 Greek houses.
Kosti was one of the Greek villages of inland Strandzha, culturally and linguistically very distant from then-Greek-inhabited nearby coastal towns like Tsarevo ("Vassiliko") and Ahtopol. The local houses differ significantly from the typical village houses of Strandzha and the town houses of the coast. The houses in Kosti typically have two stories of crude stone, with the top floor cased with thick oak boards. They feature an unusually large fireplace on the top floor and the reported lack of any windows (which were later added by the Bulgarians who settled), as the only light to enter the room would come from a small opening in the ceiling called "okno". The population was mainly engaged in agriculture, cattle breeding and logging (wood was in demand by the Ahtopol shipyard).
Kosti is a characteristic nestinari village, with a hundred of the 400 families being hereditary practitioners of this custom. Besides the old village Eastern Orthodox church, the village had another ritual building housing the eight nestinari icons, including the main icon, that of feast and regional patron Saint Constantine.
Following the Balkan Wars, the village was ceded to Bulgaria by the Ottoman Empire, and the local Greeks moved to Greece, particularly Greek Macedonia and the villages of Meliki, Verie, Kerkini, Strymoniko, Agia Eleni (Serres regional unit), Mavrolevki (Drama regional unit), Langadas (Thessaloniki regional unit). After 1914, the deserted village was settled by Bulgarian refugees from Turkish-ruled Eastern Thrace, particularly from Pirgoplo (100 families) and the town of Malak Samokov (Demirköy; 60 families). The new settlers were also deeply engaged in logging, wood and charcoal production. A new church (at the place of the old church damaged in the Ilinden-Preobrazhenie Uprising) of Saints Cyril and Methodius was built in 1909, as were a school and a community centre ("chitalishte") in 1925. The church features an imposing iconostasis by the woodcarver Pandil, as well as old icons, such as two from 1883 and 1901 by the painter Kosta Polixoido.
In January 2011 a foot-and-mouth disease outbreak was registered in the village of Kosti.

</doc>
<doc id="18630941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630941" title="James MacGeoghegan">
James MacGeoghegan

James MacGeoghegan (born at Uisneach, Westmeath, Ireland, 1702; died at Paris, 1763) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and historian.
Life.
He came of the Geoghegan family long settled in Westmeath and long holding a high position among the Leinster chiefs, and was related to Richard MacGeoghegan, who defended the Castle of Dunboy against Carew, and also to Connell MacGeoghegan, who translated the "Annals of Clonmacnoise", as well as to Francis O'Molloy, author of the "Lucerna Fidelium."
MacGeoghegan went abroad, and received a Catholic education at the Lombard College (later the Irish College, Paris), and in due course was ordained priest. Then for five years he filled the position of vicar in the parish of Possy, in the Diocese of Chartres, "attending in choir, hearing confessions and administering sacraments in a laudable and edifying manner". 
In 1734, he was elected one of the provisors of the Lombard College, and subsequently was attached to the church of St-Merri in Paris. He was also for some time chaplain to the Irish troops in the service of France.
Works.
He wrote a "History of Ireland". It was written in French and published at Parish in 1758. It was dedicated by the author to the Irish Brigade, and claims that during the fifty years following the Treaty of Limerick (1691) no fewer than 450,000 Irish soldiers died in the service of France. MacGeoghegan was shut out from access to the manuscript materials of history in Ireland, and had to rely chiefly on Lynch and John Colgan. John Mitchel's 1869 "History of Ireland" professes to be merely a continuation of MacGeoghegan, though Mitchel is throughout much more of a partisan than MacGeoghegan.

</doc>
<doc id="18630950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630950" title="DRG Class 84">
DRG Class 84

The German DRG Class 84s were standard (see "Einheitsdampflokomotive") goods train tank locomotives with the Deutsche Reichsbahn. A total of twelve engines were placed into service by the Reichsbahn between 1935 and 1937. The machines were given operating numbers 84 001–012. They were worked on the Müglitz Valley Railway ("Müglitztalbahn") between Heidenau and Altenberg in the Ore Mountains ("Erzgebirge"), for which they were specially designed to negotiate tight curves. They were manufactured by the firms of Schwartzkopff and Orenstein & Koppel. One feature was that they were fitted with Schwartzkopff-Eckhardt II bogies.
In the Second World War a large number of the engines were damaged and had to be sidelined as a result. The vehicles were taken over by the DR in East Germany after the war. The engines were mainly used between Schwarzenberg and Johanngeorgenstadt.
Between 1966 and 1968 all the Class 84 engines were retired apart from one. None, however, has survived.

</doc>
<doc id="18630962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630962" title="Mustafa Mashhur">
Mustafa Mashhur

Mustafa Mashhur (Ar.: مصطفى مشهور) (lived 1921 – November 14, 2002) was the fifth General Guide (leader) of the Muslim Brothers. He was the official head of the Egyptian Islamist organization from 1996 until 2002, although outside observers have suggested that he informally ran the organization during the ten-year term of his predecessor Muhammad Hamid Abu al-Nasr as well. Like his predecessor, 'Umar al-Tilmisani, Mashhur was a wealthy landowner, reflecting the higher class status of the Brothers after their alliance with the state under Sadat.

</doc>
<doc id="18630981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630981" title="Adler Diplomat">
Adler Diplomat

The Adler Diplomat is a substantial six-cylinder “limousine” (saloon) built by the Frankfurt auto-maker, Adler. It was introduced in March 1934 as a direct replacement for the manufacturer’s Standard 6 . Less directly the six-cylinder Diplomat also replaced the Adler Standard 8 since Adler’s large eight-cylinder car was discontinued in 1934 without a direct replacement of its own.
The decision had been taken to abandon the “Standard” name because it carried mundane undertones, in German as in English, which the company felt were increasingly out of keeping with the advancing automobile technology and the growing optimism of the age now that, finally, the economic backwash from the 1929 crash was beginning to recede and growth was returning both to the German auto-market and to the economy more generally.
The body.
The Diplomat initially, in 1934, took over the body from the previous year’s Adler Standard 6. However, the Standard Six had received an all new body for its final year of production, and for keen eyed observers the final year’s Standard Six was differentiated from the first year’s Diplomat by redesigned fender aprons. The chassis which had been a defining feature of the 1933 Standard 6 had been of an underslung design whereby the axles emerged directly above the principal chassis members: this allowed for a lower centre of gravity and a lower-bodied car than the overslung chassis, with axles mounted directly "below" the chassis, which had left the earlier Standard Six looking unfashionably high-bodied in the early 1930s.
The four-door “Limousine” (sedan/Saloon) came with an all-steel body from Ambi-Budd, the country’s largest specialist steel body producer, based in the Spandau district of Berlin. A longer wheel base six light “Pullman-Limousine” with six seats was also offered, its body probably also from Ambi-Budd. There were in addition two cabriolet-bodied cars offered.
For 1935 the Diplomat received new bodywork which now featured a bulging (and more streamlined) front grill and more shapely wings over the wheels. The six-light limousine still had a relatively vertical rear, but the other cars now had a far more streamlined tail section than the 1934 Diplomats. By 1938 the “Limousine” and “Cabriolet”-bodied Diplomats could also be purchased with bodies from Karmann of Osnabrück: these closely resembled the style and character of the Ambi-Budd-bodied cars. The 1935 upgrade left the car with longer overhangs, notably at the back, which increased the car’s length by . However, the and wheelbase, respectively for four-seater and six-seater cars, was not changed in 1935.
The engine.
The Diplomat’s six-cylinder engine was a 2916 cc straight-six side-valve unit for which a maximum power output of was claimed. That description also applies to the engine fitted in the earlier Standard Six. However, the unit used in the Diplomat featured a slightly higher compression ratio, and maximum power was achieved at 3,000 rpm rather than at 3,300 rpm. The gear ratios were also very slightly modified. In terms of the engine’s architecture, the unit fitted in the Diplomat came with seven camshaft bearings in place of the four that had been used in the Standard Six. 
The new-bodied cars for 1935 retained the engines fitted in the 1934 models. However, from 1937 the engine was significantly reworked, now with a light-metal cylinder head, a further modest increase in the compression ratio and claimed maximum power increased to .
Commercial.
When introduced in 1934 the least expensive of the Diplomats, the four-door “Limousine” (sedan/saloon), was priced at 6,750 Marks. A comparably sized Mercedes-Benz 290 (W18) was priced in 1931 at 7,950 Marks for the least expensive “Limousine” (sedan/saloon)-bodied car. The price difference between the two indicates that the Adler Diplomat was competitively priced. A production volume of 3,205 cars over four years suggests that the Adler Diplomat held its own in the market place, although the Mercedes-Benz 290 (W18), which appears to have been the top-selling six-cylinder car in Germany at the time, achieved a production total of more than 8,000 in a comparable period.
The Adler Diplomat was no longer offered for sale in 1939, although records show that a few cars were built on 1939 and in 1940, presumably for military use or export.
References.
This entry incorporates information from the German Wikipedia equivalent article.

</doc>
<doc id="18630983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18630983" title="Ed Dermer">
Ed Dermer

Edmund Rupert Joseph "Ed" Dermer (born 30 October 1957) in Subiaco, Western Australia is an Australian politician. He is currently the member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the North Metropolitan Region. Elected to Parliament in the 1996 state election after the resignation of Samuel Mathew Piantadosi he is a member of the Australian Labor Party.
He was re-elected in the 2001 and 2005 state elections and has held the position of Government Whip in the Legislative Council from May 2001 to present.
Dermer was one of the three North Metropolitan Labor MLCs, along with Graham Giffard and Ken Travers, who proved to be critical in the introduction of Daylight saving in 2006 in Western Australia. Initially intending on voting against the motion, they all eventually decided to support the motion in line with the wishes of their electorate and party. 
In 2008, Dermer was caught in a rip with his sons, Alexander and Cameron, at a Surfers Paradise beach and had to be rescued by lifesavers. Shortly afterward he was diagnosed with a melanoma on the back of his neck, which was removed and found to be malignant.

</doc>
<doc id="18631008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631008" title="The Hammer of God (disambiguation)">
The Hammer of God (disambiguation)

The Hammer of God may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18631009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631009" title="South Leicestershire College">
South Leicestershire College

South Leicestershire College, formerly Wigston College, is a general college of further education, which opened in 1970. Situated on the southern outskirts of Leicester, it draws students from across Leicestershire, but particularly from the south of the county. The college operates within a budget of £15 million.
Location.
The College operates predominantly out of four campuses. The main campus is a new multi-million pound campus in South Wigston.
South Wigston.
SLC's South Wigston Campus first opened its doors to learners in September 2010. The South Wigston Campus features state-of-the-art facilities and is situated next to Blaby Road Park, South Wigston. The South Wigston Campus features many classrooms and learning spaces but also a sauna, steam room and therapies suites as well as a fully fitted boxing ring, The Weigh In, which was launched in September 2010 by Barry McGuigan. This new campus also features a gym, with equipment supplied by the Leicester Tigers, a Café, a vast Library, an eating area named 'The Eating Place' and an area for learners in their free-time, named 'The Lounge'.
The South Wigston Campus features many of the most modern environmentally friendly technologies around. The installation of photovoltaic cells and thermal solar panels enables the college to generate hot water and electricity from the sun, whilst the installation of a biomass boiler will significantly reduce the building's carbon footprint. It will also capture rainwater, which will be recycled throughout the building.
South Leicestershire College's South Wigston Campus has been a major catalyst for the regeneration of South Wigston. The surrounding area has noticed favourable improvements, not least the opening of new businesses and current businesses witnessing an unprecedented increase in trade.
King Power Stadium.
South Leicestershire College now operates its Business arm, Engage, from Leicester City F.C.'s King Power Stadium. Engage predominantly offers training solutions to businesses as well as Apprenticeships. Engage's King Power Stadium Campus also features a recruitment service aimed at finding employment for young people seeking Apprenticeships. In 2009, South Leicestershire College was accredited with TQS (Training Quality Standard) for its work with Employers.
Belgrave Campus.
In 2008, the College launched its Belgrave Campus (Media Centre), located on Ross Walk. This state-of-the-art centre hosts many of the College's media courses as well as studios for ITV Central and EAVA FM. It features a full-fitted TV studio, radio station and production suites.
City Campus.
South Leicestershire College's business arm, Engage, runs many of its specialist Engineering courses from its City Campus, located on Freeman's Common, Leicester.
Other locations.
The college also has a number of specialist and dedicated off-site venues, these included links with many other training venues, including; The Sharma Centre, The Peepul Centre, Soar Valley Music Centre, Leicester Islamic Academy, Studio 79 and many more.
The college has a wide and varied curriculum although it is particularly strong in the following subject areas: Accounting, Business Studies, Complementary Therapies, Computing, Construction, English for Speakers of Other Languages, Hair and Beauty, Health & Social Care, Humanities, Management and Professional programmes, Public Services, Retail, Skills for Life, Sport and Teacher Training.
Academy of Sport.
The Academy of Sport was launched by South Leicestershire College to give opportunities to young people wanting to study and play professional sport at the same time. The College is partnered with some of the largest sporting clubs and players in the City and delivers several development centres with them. The Football Development Centre is ran with Leicester City F.C. and is led by head coach, Leicester City legend, Matt Elliott. The Rugby Development Centre is run by coaches from the Leicester Tigers. The Boxing Development Centre is ran through Boxing legend Barry McGuigan with its training sessions held in South Leicestershire College's Boxing gym, The Weigh In. The College also runs a Mixed Martial Arts Development Centre and a Basketball Development Centre ran by Leicester Riders.
Learners who join the Academy of Sport train with the professional coaches and get to compete in professional competitions. Learners also received a free sport-specific kit package and free transport to training and playing venues.

</doc>
<doc id="18631010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631010" title="Ligand binding assay">
Ligand binding assay

In medicine and pharmacology, a ligand binding assay (LBA) is a technique to identify the presence of a molecule and quantify it. There are numerous types of ligand binding assays, both radioactive and non-radioactive. As such, ligand binding assays are superset of radiobinding assays, which are the conceptual inverse of radioimmunoassays (RIA). Some newer types are called "mix-and-measure" assays because they do not require separation of bound from free ligand. 
Historically, LBA techniques were used extensively to quantify hormone or hormone receptor concentrations in plasma or in tissue. The ligand-binding assay methodology quantified the concentration of the hormone in the test material by comparing the effects of the test sample to the results of varying amounts of known protein (the ligand).
A prominent use was the test for classification of estrogen receptor status (ER) and progesterone receptor (PR) in breast tumors. The LBA was performed by homogenization of fresh or frozen tumor tissue, incubation of centrifuged cytosol with increasing quantities of radioactive estradiol-17β, followed by separation of unbound estradiol with dextran-coated charcoal (DCC) to quantify the concentration of high-affinity estrogen-binding sites (ER) using standard amounts of known protein. 
It was replaced by immunohistochemistry (IHC), which may be superior to LBA for assessing estrogen receptor (ER) status in primary breast cancer because it is easier, safer, and less expensive, and has an equivalent or better ability to predict response to adjuvant endocrine therapy. 

</doc>
<doc id="18631011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631011" title="Santa Rosa Beach, Florida">
Santa Rosa Beach, Florida

Santa Rosa Beach is an unincorporated community in Walton County, Florida, Florida. It belongs to the Fort Walton Beach-Crestview-Destin, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Location.
Santa Rosa Beach is located on the Emerald Coast, between Laguna Beach and Destin. It lies North of U.S. Route 98, on the Southern shores of the Choctawhatchee Bay, and more precisely on Hogtown Bayou.
Although not incorporated, the community has a specific zip code, 32459, which also includes the closest communities: to the East Point Washington, to the Southeast Grayton Beach and Seaside, and to the West Miramar Beach.
Overall, this zip code covers a land area of 65 square miles (plus 0.82 square miles of water area) for a population of 11,457 (4,831 households) according to the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18631018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631018" title="Faroese Language Board">
Faroese Language Board

The Faroese Language Board (in Faroese: "Føroyska málnevndin") is the language regulator of the Faroese language. It was founded in April 1985 and it is based in Tórshavn.

</doc>
<doc id="18631022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631022" title="St Ives School">
St Ives School

The St Ives School refers to a group of artists living and working in the Cornish town of St Ives.
History.
The town became a magnet for artists following the extension to West Cornwall of the Great Western Railway in 1877. In 1920, Bernard Leach and Shoji Hamada set up a pottery in St Ives, creating the town's first international 20th-century art connection.
In 1928, Ben Nicholson and Christopher Wood visited St Ives where they were impressed by the work of local artist Alfred Wallis. This started the development of the Cornish fishing port as an artists' colony.
The St Ives School of Painting was established in the historic Porthmeor studios at the centre of St Ives' artists' quarter in 1938.
With the outbreak of World War II in 1939, Ben Nicholson and his then wife the sculptress Barbara Hepworth settled in St Ives, establishing an outpost for the abstract avant-garde movement in West Cornwall. They were soon joined by the prominent Russian Constructivist sculptor Naum Gabo.
After the war ended, a new and younger generation of artists emerged, led by Hepworth and Nicholson (Gabo departed in 1946). From about 1950 a group of younger artists gathered in St Ives who included Peter Lanyon, John Wells, Roger Hilton, Bryan Wynter, Patrick Heron, Terry Frost, Alexander Mackenzie, Wilhelmina Barns-Graham, Stass Paraskos, Paul Feiler, and Karl Weschke together with the pioneer modern potter, Bernard Leach (Nicholson departed in 1958). It is with this group, together with Hepworth and Nicholson, that the term 'St Ives School' is particularly associated.
A 2010, ninety-minute BBC4 film, "The Art of Cornwall," presented by James Fox explored in some detail the lives and works of many of the key figures and the contributions they made in establishing St. Ives as a major centre of British art from the 1920s onwards. Helen Hoyle's review of this programme is also very informative.
St Ives School today.
The heyday of the St Ives School was in the 1950s and 1960s but in 1993, Tate St Ives, a purpose-built new gallery overlooking Porthmeor Beach was opened which exhibits the Tate collection of St Ives School art.
In 2010, a new chapter for the School and the Porthmeor Studios began with the start of renovations headed by The Borlase Smart John Wells Trust, supported using public funding by Arts Council England. Desperately in need of attention, over the years the historic building had suffered from the harsh conditions of its marine environment.
While recent renovations have repaired and refurbished the Porthmeor Studios and ensured their future, the building’s character and charm remain unspoiled.
Seventy-five years after its conception, the School now occupies a unique position and continues to provide a creative and imaginative space where students can expand their knowledge and develop their skills.
The varied course programme attracts students from far and wide, to be taught by practicing artists in historic surroundings, at the centre of a thriving arts community. It offers regular drop in life drawing sessions, short courses and family activities, suitable for everyone from the complete beginner to the professional artist.
In addition to its popular art courses (taught by practicing artists), the School regularly holds various art events, including exhibitions and lectures, many of which occur during the St Ives September Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18631032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631032" title="Hirini Melbourne">
Hirini Melbourne

Hirini (Sid) Melbourne, ONZM (21 July 1949 – 6 January 2003) was a Māori composer, singer, university lecturer, poet and author. He was from Ngāi Tūhoe and Ngāti Kahungunu Maori tribes.
He is known in New Zealand for his work surrounding the revival of Māori culture. A member of Ngā Tamatoa, which petitioned the New Zealand Government to have Maori taught in schools as part of its focus on Maori identity, he also studied at Auckland University and later became the Dean and associate professor of Māori and Pacific development. Melbourne is a significant figure in the revival of the Maori language with dozens of his now classic songs sung in classrooms throughout New Zealand. The power of his melodies and the brilliance of his compositions have still to be widely recognised beyond the classroom however. In the last two decades of his life Hirini’s musical interests extended to a fascination with traditional Maori instruments. Initially intrigued by instruments found only in museum glass cases, he subsequently met ethnomusicologist and performer Richard Nunns and from 1989 onwards the two regularly performed together on marae, and in schools, galleries and concerts. This partnership lead to the release of ‘Te Ku Te Whe’, a CD of original and traditional compositions for a variety of Maori flutes which has been awarded a Gold Disc Award. A second CD together with a DVD ‘Te Hekenga-a-rangi’ was released in 2003. In 2002 Hirini was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Waikato where he had been a lecturer in the Department of Maori. He was made an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2003 New Year’s Honours just before his death a week later.
In 2009 Melbourne and Nunns were inducted into the New Zealand Music Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18631047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631047" title="Joseph Kallarangatt">
Joseph Kallarangatt

Joseph Kallarangatt ( b.on 27 January 1956 at Kayyoor, Kottayam district, Kerala) is an East Syrian Catholic Bishop and Theologian. He currently serves as the Bishop of the Syro-Malabar Eparchy of Palai (also known as Pala), which has the largest concentration of Syro-Malabar Catholics.
Early life.
After his school studies, Joseph Kallarangatt joined Good Shepherd Minor Seminary, Palai. Later he went on to the Saint Thomas Apostolic Seminary Kottayam, where he studied philosophy and theology. He was ordained priest by Bishop Mar Joseph Pallikaparampil on 2 January 1982, at Christuraja Church Kayyoor.
Ecclesiastical and academic career.
After a short period of fruitful apostolate at Aruvithura and Ramapuram, Fr. Kallarangatt was sent to Rome for higher studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University. In 1989, he secured a doctorate in systematic theology (The title of the thesis: "The Holy Spirit, bond of communion of the churches: a comparative study of the ecclesiology of Yves Congar and Nikos Nissiotis"). On his return to India, he was appointed professor of Dogmatic Theology at St. Thomas Apostolic Seminary and at "Paurastya Vidyapitham" (Pontifical Oriental Institut of Religious Studies), Kottayam 
On 18 March 2004, while serving as the president of "Paurastya Vidyapitham", Fr. Kallarangatt was named as the third Bishop of Palai. On 2 May 2004, he received his episcopal consecration from Archbishop Mar Joseph Powathil and the same day he was enthroned as Bishop of Palai by the Syro-Malabar Major-Archbishop Mar Varkey Cardinal Vithayathil.
A Theologian Bishop: Chairman of Doctrinal Commission.
Bishop Kallarangatt is considered to be an authority in Ecclesiology and Oriental Theology; he has authored 30 books and a good number of articles related to Ecclesiology and Eastern theological studies. Currently, he is the Chairman of the Doctrinal Commission of The Catholic Bishops' Conference of India and the chairman of the Syro-Malabar Synodal Commission for doctrine. Bishop Kallarangatt serves also as the head of the Theology Commission of Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council. Besides Malayalam and English, he speaks German and Italian languages and is scholarly competent in ancient East Syriac language.
Well known Scholar.
Mar Joseph Kallarangatt has published more than 30 scholarly books on Theology and Oriental Liturgy. He has published large number of papers on Theological and Secular topics. At present he is serving as Chairman, CBCI Doctrinal Commission, Chairman, KCBC Theology Commission, and Chairman, Syro Malabar Commission for Doctrine. He had the rare privilege of participating in the Bishop’s Synod, held at Rome in2012 and was nominated by Pope Benedict XVI as one among the three members of the Commission to solve theological disputes.
Works in English.
1. "The Holy Spirit: Bond of Communion of Churches", Roma, Pontificia universitas Gregorianum, 1989.
2. "Pneumatocentric Eccesiology in Nikos Nissiotis", Kottayam, OIRSI, 1999.
3. "Reflections on theology and Church" (ed), Kottayam, OIRSI,2001.
4. " The Ecumenical Theology of Nikos A. Nissiotis", in "Christian Orient" 11, Dec. 1990, p. 173-86.
5. " THe First Sunday of the Period of "Qayt" ( The Feast of Apostles)", in "Journal of Eastern Christian Studies", Vol. 56, Issues 164, 2004, p. 303-317.
Source.
Diocese of Palai

</doc>
<doc id="18631048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631048" title="Osvaldo Bayer">
Osvaldo Bayer

Osvaldo Bayer (Santa Fe Province, Argentina, 18 February 1927) is a journalist and scriptwriter. He lives in Buenos Aires, and in Linz am Rhein, Germany, where he went into exile during the "National Reorganization Process" dictatorship (1976–1983).
Biography.
Self-designed as an "ultra-pacifist anarchist", Osvaldo Bayer was raised in Bernal, in the Province of Buenos Aires, and then in Belgrano, Buenos Aires. His parents, however, were living in Rio Gallegos during the strike in the 1920s which led to the "Patagonia rebelde" movement.
After having worked for an insurance firm and on the merchant marine as an apprentice helmsman, he studied
history in the University of Hamburg, Germany, from 1952 to 1956, and became there a member of the Socialist Students’ League.
Returning to Argentina afterwards, he dedicated himself to journalism, investigation, and history of Argentina, as well as writing film scenarios. He also studied medicine a year, then philosophy at Buenos Aires. According to him,
Disgusted by local socialist policies, he turned towards the "Federación Libertaria Argentina" (FLA), having already been acquainted to anarchist literature during his time in the German Socialist Students' League.
Furthermore, he founded the Department of Human Rights in the School of Philosophy and Humanities of the University of Buenos Aires.
He worked in the newspapers "Noticias Gráficas", "Clarin" and "Esquel", a local newspaper in the Patagonese town of Esquel. In 1958 he founded "La Chispa" ("The Spark"), "the first independent newspaper of Patagonia".
A year later, he was accused by Pedro Aramburu's military regime of diffusing strategic information, and forced by the National Gendarmerie to quit Esquel. Thereafter, Bayer was from 1959 to 1962 general secretary of the Press Syndicate. Immediately after being expelled from Esquel, he was hired by the national daily "Diario Clarín", where he became Chief of Politics' section. He had, under his direction, the journalist Félix Luna, who founded in 1963 the history magazine "Todo es Historia", to which Bayer collaborated.
In 1963, he was arrested for 63 days by General Juan Enrique Rauch, then Minister of Interior under José María Guido's government, appointed by the military and little-son of Colonel Federico Rauch, for having unsuccessfully proposed during a debate in the library of Rauch (Buenos Aires Province) a plebiscite in order to rename the town to "Arbolito", the nickname of the Ranquel (a tribe close to the Mapuche) who had allegedly killed the German militar in battle in 1829. Rauch was qualified by Bayer as guilty of genocide.
During María Estela Martínez de Perón's regime, Bayer was threatened several times, due to the content of his work, and mainly of his book "La Patagonia rebelde", on the crushing of a rural workers uprising in Patagonia during the early 1920s, under Hipólito Yrigoyen's rule. He was therefore forced to exile himself to Berlin in 1975, while the "Dirty War" was beginning. In 1980 or 1981, Bayer attempted to organize a charter flight to Argentina that would bring a group of prominent Latin American and European intellectuals, including Osvaldo Soriano, Julio Cortázar, and Gunter Grass to Argentina as a protest against the dictatorship. Cortázar's refusal to participate reportedly torpedoed the plan. Bayer only returned to Argentina after Raúl Alfonsín's 1983 election and the transition to democracy.
Bayer's best-selling first book, on the Italian anarchist Severino Di Giovanni, was proscribed by President Raúl Alberto Lastiri (1973), as was "La Patagonia Rebelde", his second work, by Isabel Perón; others were burnt by the military after they took power in 1976. Francesco Rosi, who directed the "Christ Stopped at Eboli", planned to make a film adaptation of his book on Di Giovanni, but renounced the project after the 1969 Piazza Fontana bombing, saying it was not the time to make a film on a terrorist.
Transition to democracy.
He was nominated "Doctor Honoris Causa" on 20 April 2003 by the "Universidad Nacional del Centro de la Provincia de Buenos Aires" for his work in the fields of human rights, literature and journalism. On this day, he alluded to his forced exile, stating that:
Bayer is today involved in the struggle for Indigenous rights. Fifteen days after having been declared "Illustrious Citizen of Buenos Aires" by the mayor Aníbal Ibarra, he was declared "persona non grata" by the Senate (an initiative of Eduardo Menem) for having proposed the unification of the Argentinian and Chilean Patagonia, as the "first step for a common Latin-American market".
As of 2008, he collaborates with the newspaper "Página 12", founded Jorge Lanata. He is the author of the scenario of the film "La Patagonia Rebelde", adapted from his book and realized by Héctor Olivera, which won the Silver Bear Award in the 1974 Berlin International Film Festival. He also wrote the screenplay of the 1988 film "La Amiga", a drama on the dictatorship.

</doc>
<doc id="18631059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631059" title="Department of Fisheries (New Brunswick)">
Department of Fisheries (New Brunswick)

The Department of Fisheries is a department in the Government of New Brunswick, Canada. It is responsible for management of the Province's fisheries.
From 1882, fisheries was the responsibility of the Department of Agriculture until 1963 when the government of Premier Louis Robichaud created a separate Department of Fisheries and appointed Ernest Richard its minister. The department would be renamed the Department of Fisheries & Aquaculture which in 2000 was merged with the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development to become the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Aquaculture. This department lasted until October 3, 2006 when Premier Shawn Graham split the departments into the Department of Agriculture and Aquaculture and reestablished the separate Department of Fisheries.
Ministers:

</doc>
<doc id="18631078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631078" title="One Eye Peak">
One Eye Peak

One Eye Peak is a mountain located at Princess Louisa Inlet. One Eye Peak is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada. When Thomas F. Hamilton build his resort called the Malibu Club at the entrance of Princess Louisa Inlet he named the mountain after himself - Mt. Hamilton. The mountain is typically referred to by its an English title of a Sechelt First Nation translation "TUHK-OHSS" referring to "Old One Eye" and is the protector of the inlet.

</doc>
<doc id="18631082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631082" title="2000 Sumatra earthquake">
2000 Sumatra earthquake

The 2000 Sumatra earthquake struck at 23:30 local time on June 4, 2000 off the coast of southern Sumatra, Indonesia with a magnitude of 7.9 Mw. The United States Geological Survey reported 103 fatalities, in addition to 2,174 injured people. Over 730 aftershocks shocked the area afterwards, one just eleven minutes after the main earthquake.
This was the first and southernmost in a series of very large to great Sumatran earthquakes in the 2000s to rupture almost the entire western part of the Sunda megathrust, most notably including the 9.1-9.3 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake, but also the 8.6-8.7 2005 Sumatra earthquake, and the 7.9-8.5 September 2007 Sumatra earthquakes.
Background and tectonics.
Indonesia is well known for strong earthquakes: the 2000 Sumatra event marked the beginning of an ongoing period of seismic activity in the area, highlighted by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. The 2000 Sumatra earthquake took place at the southeastern end of the fault segment that ruptured during the 1833. This group of earthquakes, in addition to the 2005 Sumatra earthquake, all ruptured along the megathrust that forms the interface between the Australian and Sunda Plates. This event was the only one of these earthquakes not to cause a tsunami.
Damage and casualties.
The earthquake struck at 23:30 local time, its magnitude reaching a "major" 7.9. Aftershocks began striking as soon as 11 minutes after the earthquake, the first one surpassing magnitude 6.5. At least 103 people were killed by the earthquake, and 2,174 more were left injured. The Indonesian Red Cross later reported that 788 had been injured to concern, and 1,709 more were considered injured—the organization reported that the numbers were rapidly increasing.
Extensive damage and landslides populated the Bengkulu area, with minor injuries and damage on Enggano Island. In the village worst struck, several hundred structures were reported in ruins. Peter Walker of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies in Geneva denied the earthquake as the major cause of death, instead blaming disease. "...the actual damage from the earthquake isn't that great; the houses are wooden structures so they don't collapse much. But what he found was an endemic problem of rampant malaria, rampant communicable diseases and levels of mortality and morbidity that are totally unacceptable. That is the disaster, not the earthquake." An aftershock measuring 6.2 struck on June 7.
Aftermath and response.
International relief teams arrived in the region several days after the earthquake. Relief efforts were impeded by fallen telephone poles, which blocked the supplies. The main problem found in the affected areas was a lack of water supply and electricity, these facilities having been cut off by oscillation.
Pope John Paul II expressed his "sincere sympathy" for those families stricken by the earthquake. He called for a rapid international response to the quake, and said he would keep its victims in his prayers. A Taiwanese rescue team was sent to help victims of the tremor, the first from the country to take part in rescue efforts aside from Asia. The United States donated US$ 25,000 instantly to relief organizations, Japan offering a grant of US$ 140,000 and Australia US$ 143,000 in addition to a two-person team of emergency relief examiners.

</doc>
<doc id="18631083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631083" title="Heikki Silvennoinen">
Heikki Silvennoinen

Heikki Johannes Silvennoinen (born 27 April 1954, Kiviapaja, Savonlinna) is a Finnish musician and an actor. He was a guitarist and a songwriter in several notable Finnish bands in 1970s and 1980s. He has also recorded solo albums. However, Silvennoinen is known better as a member of comedy group Kummeli which started a television show in 1991.
Heikki Silvennoinen owns a production company "Pirkka-Hämeen Apina & Gorilla Oy" ("Ape and gorilla of Pirkka-Häme Inc."). With his fellow comedian Timo Kahilainen he owns "Porkkana Ryhmä Oy" ("Carrot Group Inc.") that produces Kummeli output.
Life and career.
Tabula Rasa.
As young boy Silvennoinen fell in love with music of Eric Clapton (especially Cream) and Jimi Hendrix. He learned to play the guitar and formed a rock band called Tabula Rasa. The group was one of the most important 1970s progressive rock bands in Finland. When the group released their debut album, Silvennoinen started to realize that music is likely to be his primary occupation also in the forthcoming years. During his later career Silvennoinen's name has not been associated to progressive rock, but during the Tabula Rasa years he composed almost all the songs the group recorded. After Tabula Rasa came to its end, Silvennoinen joined Juice Leskinen's band.
1980s.
Silvennoinen became a professional music producer and he collaborated in this role with many significant bands throughout the decade. He played the guitar in bands called Frendz and Catwalk and in 1987 he formed a broup called Q.Stone with the singer Mikko Kuustonen. This band was English singing blues-rock group and released four relatively well-received albums. Kuustonen decided to leave the group and concentrate on his solo career. Silvennoinen continued to play the guitar on his albums.
Solo albums.
In the beginning of the 1990s Silvennoinen released his first solo album, "Mature And Cool". It included his own songs and cover of Blind Willie Reynolds song "Outside Woman Blues" (popularized by Cream). Second solo album, "Bobcat", was released in 1997. It includes Silvennoinen's own song "Sun Don't You Shine" and Jimi Hendrix cover "Fire". On the sleeve notes of the album he thanks his idols, not just Hendrix and Clapton but also Peter Green and Stevie Ray Vaughan (he has personally met Vaughan and Clapton). The next album, "Sweet Surrender", was released two years later. In 2000 Silvennoinen founded his own label and released the album "Blues Blue Sky" that mostly contains old blues songs. His latest album "Miehet kaatuu" was released in 2003. This is his only album containing lyrics in Finnish.
Kummeli.
In the beginning of 1990s Silvennoinen became a better known celebrity in Finland due to the television show Kummeli. Of four member group Silvennoinen had the largest number of different roles (including reporter Mauno Ahonen, summer cottage neighbour Martti Mielikäinen, Matti Näsä who complains about everything and officer Jaakko Parantainen who is concerned on environmental questions). Kummeli television show and comedian group got phenomenal success in Finland in 1994. During that year they made their first stage appearances making a full scale tour around the country. After that Kummeli has continued its existence in various forms. Silvennoinen has stated that their best gag was the one about Lada summit since it gave an inspiration for the real Lada summit event that still takes place yearly in Finland. The most lucrative song - from the point of view of royalties - Silvennoinen ever wrote was "Jumankauta juu nääs päivää" that he claims to have done in 20 minutes. It features a Kummeli character Matti Näsä singing about his car Toyota Mark II. Despite of the popularity of Kummeli Silvennoinen also worked as a janitor in the late 1990s. Kummeli is about to release their fourth movie in September 2008.
2000s.
In 2002 Silvennoinen formed the group SF-Blues with well known Finnish musicians Pepe Ahlqvist (harp, vocal) and Dave Lindholm (guitar, vocal). Their first album featured new songs from each leading member. In the following year singer Erja Lyytinen replaced Lindholm for next album. In 2005 guitarist Jukka Tolonen and singer Mikko Kuustonen joined the group in order to make their second album, "Joutomailla". Other musicians that have been involved with the band include singer Eero Raittinen and keyboardist Jukka Gustavson. In 2000s Silvennoinen has also been a voice actor for some children movie characters in Finnish overdubs.
Filmography.
On these movies Silvennoinen appears as writer, actor or voice actor

</doc>
<doc id="18631087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631087" title="Russian Language Institute">
Russian Language Institute

The V.V. Vinogradov Russian Language Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences () is the language regulator of the Russian language. It is based in Moscow and it is part of the Russian Academy of Sciences. It was founded in 1944 and is named after Viktor Vinogradov.

</doc>
<doc id="18631095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631095" title="Rippavilla Plantation">
Rippavilla Plantation

Rippavilla Plantation is an historic site and museum located in Spring Hill, Tennessee. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Residents.
Nathaniel Frances Cheairs IV resided on the property for 20 years, from 1841 to 1861 along with his wife, Susan Peters McKissack Cheairs.

</doc>
<doc id="18631097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631097" title="Isle of Man at the Commonwealth Games">
Isle of Man at the Commonwealth Games

The Isle of Man has competed thirteen times in the Commonwealth Games to date, beginning in 1958.
Medal tally.
The Isle of Man was thirty-second on the all-time medal tally of the Commonwealth Games after the 2010 games in Delhi, India, having won ten medals since 1958.
History.
The Isle of Man first participated at the Games in 1958 in Cardiff, Wales. The Isle of Man has been strongest in Cycling and Shooting events.

</doc>
<doc id="18631127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631127" title="DRG Class 87">
DRG Class 87

The German Class 87 was a standard (see "Einheitsdampflokomotive") goods train tank locomotive with the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft (DRG). It was specifically designed by the firm of Orenstein & Koppel for use in Hamburg Harbour. The harbour lines had minimal curve radii of only 100 m and high train loads to be moved. The axle load had to be no more than 17,5 tons. These requirements resulted in an axle count of five axles. In order to keep wear and tear on the running gear within acceptable limits only the middle three wheelsets were linked by coupling rods, the two Luttermöller outside axles were driven by cogs.
Due to damage the vehicles were partly also operated as 1'D, D1' or 1'C1' engines.
From 1951 they were superseded by DB Class 82 locomotives.

</doc>
<doc id="18631133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631133" title="Kinugawa River">
Kinugawa River

, is a river on the main island of Honshu in Japan. It flows from the north to the south on the Kantō plain, merging with . At 176.7 km in length, it is the longest tributary of Tonegawa. From ancient times, it has been known to cause floods. The river starts in Kinu swamp in the city of Nikkō, Tochigi, within Nikkō National Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18631150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631150" title="Ultraman (1967 film)">
Ultraman (1967 film)


</doc>
<doc id="18631153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631153" title="Ramat HaShofet">
Ramat HaShofet

Ramat HaShofet (, "lit." The Judge Heights) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Menashe Heights, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 578.
The kibbutz was established on 2 November 1941 by two gar'ins, "Mitzpe HaSharon" and "Shihrur", which included immigrants from Bulgaria, Hungary, Lithuania and Poland.
"Ramat HaShofet" translates literally as "The Judge Heights", with this judge being United States federal judge Julian William Mack (1866-1943), U.S. Zionist leader serving as president of the Palestine Endowment Funds, honorary president of the World Jewish Congress, president of the American Jewish Congress, Zionist Organization of America, and various other organizations. He attended the Versailles Conference as an advocate for a Zionist state in Palestine.

</doc>
<doc id="18631155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631155" title="Halloween (G.G.F.H. album)">
Halloween (G.G.F.H. album)

Halloween is the third album by the industrial/horror techno band G.G.F.H.. This album is a CD only compilation of tracks that were earlier available on cassette, also called "Halloween", that was limited to 1000 copies. All the tracks have been culled from G.G.F.H.’s first six demo cassettes that were recorded between 1986 and 1989. It was released after fans that had missed the original cassette version demanded to hear it. "Night Prowler" is an industrialised remix of a song by AC/DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18631187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631187" title="Harris Lebus">
Harris Lebus

Harris Lebus was a very large furniture manufacturer and wholesaler based in the East End of London in Tabernacle St with a factory in Tottenham. The firm supplied stores such as Maple and Co., mainly producing bedroom and dining cabinets.
During the period of its finest output in the 1900s, the style of furniture is closely associated with the Arts and Crafts Movement, identified by overhanging cornices, inset door panels and square to turned legs with pad feet in the manner of William Birch of High Wycombe. The off the peg hardware is unfussy and stylistically well designed. These pieces are highly sought after.
As with many larger firms their designers are kept anonymous. This prolific manufacturer had more to do with bringing the Arts and Crafts style to the masses than any other.
In later years Harris Lebus became a household name as one of the largest furniture manufacturers in the world. See. 
During the Second World War the firm produced the Airspeed Horsa glider, the Mosquito multi role aircraft. The firm also undertook Top-secret operations, such as building replica Sherman tanks out of wood. 
Following the war the firm became part of the government scheme to produce utility furniture bearing the CC41 mark and were central in providing cheaper manufacturing techniques to provide the country with lower cost furniture with which they could rebuild their homes, and in fact their design team invented and patented the technique of facing chip board with other woods.
After financial difficulty the firm finally closed in 1969; however some could say that the technique developed at Lebus have caused the revolution in chipboard home furnishing and flat pack that many of their counterparts use today.
References.
Harris Lebus local history website

</doc>
<doc id="18631205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631205" title="Ultraman (1979 film)">
Ultraman (1979 film)

Availability.
"Ultraman (1979)" was released on DVD in Japan on June 13, 2006.
"Ultraman (1979)" was released on LaserDisc in Japan on July 22, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18631214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631214" title="Mirfield Reporter">
Mirfield Reporter

The Mirfield Reporter is a local weekly publication, providing news for residents of Mirfield, West Yorkshire, England, and surrounding areas.
It is owned by Johnston Press Digital Publishing, and has sister newspapers Dewsbury Reporter, Wakefield Express, Batley News and Birstall News.
In July 2008 Hannah Ridgeway replaced Richard Firth as the newspaper's editor after previously working on the Halifax Courier and as deputy editor on the Brighouse Echo.

</doc>
<doc id="18631215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631215" title="What Waits Below">
What Waits Below

What Waits Below is a science-fiction adventure film (initially released under the title "Secrets of the Phantom Caverns") released in 1984. Directed by Don Sharp, produced by the Adams Apple Film Company, the film runs for 88 minutes and starred Robert Powell, Timothy Bottoms, and Lisa Blount. The tagline for the video release of the film was "Underground, no-one can hear you die".
Plot summary.
The US military is running a test for a special type of radio transmitter, to be used to communicate with submarines, in a deep system of underground caves in Central America. When the signal from one of the transmitters suddenly disappears, a team of soldiers led by Major Elbert Stevens (Bottoms) and cave specialists led by Rupert 'Wolf' Wolfsen (Powell) including scientist Leslie Peterson (Blount) are sent in to find out what happened. 
Exploring deep underground, they stumble upon a tribe of albino cave-dwellers who have apparently been isolated from the rest of the world for thousands of years. The cave-dwellers are hurt by radio frequencies and are able to see in infra-red frequencies, tracking the explorers by their body heat.
Production.
Principal photography for the movie took place in a former limestone quarry and in natural caves in Alabama and Cumberland Caverns in Tennessee starting in August 1983. Production was briefly halted in late August when carbon monoxide produced by generators in the Cathedral Caverns location sent at least 17 people to the hospital. Production wrapped in late October 1983.
Release.
The film was released on VHS in the United States in November 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18631225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631225" title="Dubai Real Estate Institute">
Dubai Real Estate Institute

Dubai Real Estate Institute (DREI) is a real estate learning center in the Middle East.
The best Real Estate Agency in Dubai

</doc>
<doc id="18631245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631245" title="Eliakim">
Eliakim

Eliakim () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Menashe Heights, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 662.
The village was established in 1949 as a moshav by immigrants from Yemen on the lands of the depopulated Palestinian Arab village of Umm al-Zinat, and was named after Jehoiakim (who was originally named Eliakim), a King of Judah (2 Kings 23:34). In 1970 it was converted to a communal settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="18631268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631268" title="1996 India Open">
1996 India Open

The 1996 India Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in New Delhi in India and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from April 8 through April 14, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18631275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631275" title="1988–89 DFB-Pokal">
1988–89 DFB-Pokal

The 1988–89 DFB-Pokal was the 46th season of the competition. It began on 6 August 1988 and ended on 24 June 1989. 64 teams competed in the tournament of six rounds. In the final Borussia Dortmund defeated Werder Bremen 4–1.

</doc>
<doc id="18631276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631276" title="18th Battalion">
18th Battalion

18th Battalion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18631283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631283" title="Corbin Billings">
Corbin Billings

Corbin Billings (born July 27, 1988) grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma, attending Jenks Public Schools. At an early age, he became a notable motivational speaker, and his bumper sticker campaign of "Do Your Share To Get Clean Air" became a sensation. In less than four months he had commitments for 169,105 trees in Oklahoma. He met with the mayor of Tulsa, Governor of Oklahoma, and became the youngest professional speaker in the history of the National Speakers Association. At the age of 9, Corbin was made the youngest faculty member of The People's Network, a satellite success channel after speaking to 6,000 people in the Dallas convention center. He aligned with "American Forests" to reach their goal of planting 20 million trees as well as "Up With Trees" a local foresting agency in the Tulsa area. Currently Corbin's cause has led to the planting of 280,000,000 trees across the United States, France, & Canada. He was nicknamed the new Johnny Appleseed kid and also served as the model for Tree Bear, the American Forests Association's sequel to Smokey Bear. At the age of nine, Corbin and his mother co-wrote the book "The ABC's of Becoming Great" as well as its two sequels, "The ABC'S of Peace & Compassion" & "The ABC's of Great Leadership." Billings is a recent graduate of the University of Southern California, where he studied film production.
He is currently touring his undergraduate thesis, Limikkin Ranch [http://www.limikkinranchthemovie.com]
[http://pdsage.com/LimikkinScreener.html], at film festivals across the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18631292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631292" title="Clermont (Berryville, Virginia)">
Clermont (Berryville, Virginia)

Clermont is a farm and national historic district located near Berryville, Clarke County, Virginia. The main house was created by Edward Snickers in five parts, beginning about 1770, with additions "circa" 1810 and 1840, with a final addition in 1970. The house has an unusual plan with a stair perpendicular to the central hall. 
The original land grant was made from Thomas Fairfax, 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron to John Vance in 1751. Vance, born in 1699, was from County Tyrone in Ireland, sailing to America in 1731. In 1753 he sold the property to Thomas Wadlington, who in turn sold to Edward Snickers, who ran a tavern and a ferry on the Shenandoah River near Williams Gap, later called Snickers Gap. His son William inherited the property in 1791. In 1819 William Snickers sold Clermont to Dawson McCormick, whose son Edward inherited the property in 1834. After Edward's death in 1871, his wife Emma sold a of the property to former slaves and other African-Americans in the area, creating the community of Josephine City, now Josephine Street in Berryville.

</doc>
<doc id="18631303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631303" title="Gerald Dworkin">
Gerald Dworkin

Gerald Dworkin (born 1937) is a professor of moral, political and legal philosophy. He is currently Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the University of California, Davis. He has also taught at Harvard, MIT, and the University of Illinois, Chicago. He has been a visiting Fellow of All Souls College (Oxford), the
Australian National University, and the Hastings Center. He was the Centennial Visiting Professor at the London School of Economics. In 2006, he was a Distinguished Visitor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong where he gave a series of lectures on Paternalism.
His main areas of research include the nature and justification of autonomy, paternalism in the criminal law, and the issue of which acts may legitimately be criminalized by the state.
His most recent book is a defense of physician-assisted suicide. In it he argues that doctors who approve of withdrawing patients from life support at their request, or administering pain-relief medication that is foreseen to kill the patient, or who approve of terminal sedation, are inconsistent if they condemn physician-assisted suicide. This book has been published in Spanish and Korean language editions.

</doc>
<doc id="18631317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631317" title="The Very Beast of G.G.F.H. Vol. 1">
The Very Beast of G.G.F.H. Vol. 1

Track listing.
This CD also includes the video for "Real"

</doc>
<doc id="18631337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631337" title="18th Brigade">
18th Brigade

18th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18631345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631345" title="OGK-1">
OGK-1

The First Generation Company of the Wholesale Electricity Market (OGK-1) is a large Russian company formed by the merger of six electricity generation companies.
History.
The company was established in 2005 by merging six power plants into one company. Before 1 July 2008, about 92% of the company's shares was owned by RAO UES, Russian state-controlled energy holding company. As a result of the electricity market reform, 43% of shares was transferred to the Federal Grid Company of Russia, 23% to RusHydro, and 34% was distributed to minority shareholders.
On March 17, 2009 the rights under 61,9% of voting shares were transferred to Inter RAO UES for 5 years with the right for extension for the same period. Starting from July 6, 2009 the powers of the sole executive body of OGK-1 were transferred to Inter RAO UES.
Operations.
OGK-1 operates following power stations:
The installed capacity of these power stations is about 9,500 MW. This comprises about 5.5% of the generating capacity of RAO UES.
The power output of the OGK-1 power plants in 2006 was around 48 TW.

</doc>
<doc id="18631366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631366" title="Hiroko Sakurai">
Hiroko Sakurai


</doc>
<doc id="18631402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631402" title="Klien-Lindner axle">
Klien-Lindner axle

The Klien-Lindner axle (German: "Klien-Lindner-Hohlachse") is a special type of hollow driving axle on steam locomotives that enable better curve running due to its ability to slide transversely. It was developed by the German engineers, Ewald Klien and Heinrich Lindner, of the Royal Saxon State Railways ("Königlich Sächsische Staatseisenbahnen").
Design features.
The Klien-Lindner axle uses a double, or hollow, axle, one inside the other. It has a hollow axle ("Hohlachse") on the outside, connected at its centre by a Cardan joint to a fixed driving axle running through it. The Cardan joint comprises two spherical elements that are interlinked - a solid one on the fixed axle and a hollow one on the outer hollow axle, each oriented at 90° to the other that transfer the driving forces from the rigid axle to the hollow one. The hollow spheroid acts as a sort of link motion. In this way the hollow axle can be turned by the fixed axle. In addition, the connecting link is shaped so that the axles can slide relative to one another, parallel to their axes, to a small extent. The degree to which the hollow axle can swivel is set by the outer diameter of the fixed axle and the internal diameter of the hollow one.
This system is used on steam locomotives with fixed outer frames and coupled axles. Typically the conventionally driven wheels are in the centre and there are outer Klien-Lindner axles, front and rear. In this way the wheels, which are fixed to the hollow axles, are 'steered' by shafts that pivot on the frame when the locomotive is curve running. Coupling rods from the conventional driving wheels in the centre act on drive cranks on the inner axles fixed to the frame.
In spite of their relatively simple design Klien-Lindner axles were not widely used. Derailments were common when they were used as leading axles. The axles often caused uneven, jerky running as a result of the resistance forces that arise from this type of Cardan joint, and they were expensive to maintain, something which was not offset by the reduced wear and tear on wheel flanges and rails.
Locomotives with Klien-Lindner hollow axles (selection):

</doc>
<doc id="18631405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631405" title="Weld-Blundell family">
Weld-Blundell family

The Weld family, which became in its main branch the Weld-Blundell family, is an old English family that claims descent from Eadric the Wild and has branches in several parts of England and America. The main branch are descended from Humphrey Weld, Lord Mayor of London, whose grandson of the same name purchased Lulworth Castle in Dorset, England, in 1641. They were conspicuous as a recusant family before the Catholic Emancipation.
Later.
The main stem of the family assumed the additional name of Blundell. The English "Catholic Who's Who" (1912) mentioned three Weld-Blundells and six Welds. The Lulworth branch died out by the 1920s, though, with two sons of Charles Joseph Weld-Blundell dying young. Lulworth Castle was inherited in 1924 by Herbert Weld Blundell. His father was Thomas Weld-Blundell of Ince Blundell.

</doc>
<doc id="18631408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631408" title="George Barstow">
George Barstow

Sir George Lewis Barstow KCB (20 May 1874 – 29 January 1966) was a British civil servant and businessman.
Barstow was born in York and was educated at Clifton College and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. He then entered the Civil Service. In 1909 he was appointed a principal clerk in HM Treasury and shortly afterwards became an Assistant Secretary. He was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in 1914.
In 1919 he was appointed Controller of Supply Services at the Treasury, serving in the post until 1927. He was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1920 New Year Honours. In 1927 he became government director of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (later the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company), holding the post until 1946.
He also joined the board of the Prudential Assurance Company, becoming deputy chairman and then being elected chairman in 1941. He was chairman until 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18631424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631424" title="Kresta Bay">
Kresta Bay

The Kresta Bay or Kresta Gulf (Russian: Залив Креста; "Zaliv Kresta") is a large bay of the Gulf of Anadyr on the southern coast of the Chukotka Peninsula, Russian Federation. 
The Kresta Bay is open towards the south; it is almost 100 km in length and has an average width of about 45 km. There are two inlets and a coastal lagoon enclosed by a landspit inside the bay. 
Kresta Bay is now a tourist destination. Kresta Bay Airport, served by Chukotavia, is located by Egvekinot, a small harbor in the bay. 
History.
This bay was first surveyed by Russian mariner Count Fyodor Petrovich Litke in 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="18631430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631430" title="A Spiraling World of Pop">
A Spiraling World of Pop

A Spiraling World of Pop is the first recording by The Sunshine Fix. It was released by The Elephant 6 Recording Company as a cassette in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18631443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631443" title="Patrick Moya">
Patrick Moya

Patrick Moya is a Southern French artist, born in 1955 in Troyes, France living in Nice on the French Riviera. He is a part of the Nice contemporary art movement, the new wave of the École de Nice (Nice School). Moya has been at the forefront since the 1970s of straddling the latest forms of media and technology to benefit art rather than rendering it extinct. He is an early pioneer of video art.
Early Life and Career.
Moya arrived in Nice at the age of fifteen. He studied Fine Arts at the Villa Arson for three years. He hosted a program on student radio called "Bonzour Bonzour". He was later hired as an artists' model, posing nude for ten years for the art students at the Beaux-Arts. At age 15 also, Moya only took on his Catalan surname following the late marriage of his parents. This spawned the practice of using the letters of his name in his art which he has put on as many surfaces as possible, often in the background of his paintings or in sculpture, in a celebratory way which has become his trademark. Being a model meanwhile taught him to objectify himself so he could later insert himself as the medium in his own work after realizing that "with the ubiquity of broadcast media, the creator had to invent himself as a creature" to ride out and embrace New Media. He was greatly influenced by McLuhan's Global Village. Very early on in the 1970s, he began experimenting with video art. He launched a comic strip magazine, named "Reptile au Style". In the 1980s, he began making digital using a Thomson MO5 and conjugating the word as art in "Verbes d'État". He also used celluloid as medium on which to scratch his name and play it back as film art/art film. In 1982, he was launched as a solo artist by his mentor, Nice Director of Museums Claude Fournet. His later use of 3D has seen him birthe new worlds along with the creation in 1996 of his cartooned manga alter ego crossed with Pinocchio, Petit Psy. Today, he relishes the "Second Life" environment where he has built Moya Land and by extension, has spread the Moya label to the virtual frontier. He regularly includes live and interactive performances between him and the public, using the virtual environment and has done collaborations with Thierry Mugler and Yves Saint-Laurent. Music also plays a role; another character he has developed in his art, Dolly the Sheep, has her namesake techno dance beach parties, popular on the French Riviera and Ibiza. Moya has exhibited widely in Europe and Asia.
Artworks.
Moya is a prolific artist touching on everything from art films, billboard art, ceramics, computer or web art, conceptual art, drawings, fashion art, muralism, painting, projection art, sculpture and video art - up to now. His body of work has been inventoried in a catalogue raisonné that comprises over 4500 pieces in the span of 40 years between 1971 and 2011. His work has been plastered on the city of Cannes's public transport system's mini-buses, on Smart cars, on cowbells, on designer clothes and promotional USB cards issued by Cannes's Hotel Martinez, as well as France's famous Guide Michelin. He has also designed dolls for UNICEF. Moya is one of the very few modern artists to be commissioned to paint a Catholic church, dedicated to Saint Jean Baptiste in Clans. His frescoes can be found in public buildings in Monaco, namely the Princess Grace hospital.
Philosophy.
Moya's maxim has been "to please everybody while remaining avant-garde; to be everywhere without wasting oneself; to touch each medium while staying perfectly recognizable". He credits his time as a nude model for his healthy degree of exhibitionism and narcissism that gets duplicated as his cartoon alter ego. The result is art that crosses generations and genders. His work is often described as positive and jubilant.
Charity.
Attuned to everything and everyone around, Moya has participated in projects to benefit AIDS, and UNICEF.

</doc>
<doc id="18631451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631451" title="Sandown Pier">
Sandown Pier

Sandown Pier is a pleasure pier in Sandown, Isle of Wight, England.
Facilities.
The pier has a range of indoor amenities at the landward end, and an outdoor funfair and landing stage at the seaward end. There are cafes, a children's play area, an amusement arcade, bowling and an indoor crazy golf course. 

</doc>
<doc id="18631453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631453" title="Norman Kelly (footballer)">
Norman Kelly (footballer)

Norman Kelly (born 10 October 1970) is a Northern Irish former footballer who played for a number of clubs throughout his career.
Kelly began his career with Oldham Athletic and spent time on loan with Wigan Athletic before spells in Scotland with Fife sides Dunfermline Athletic and Raith Rovers. After moving back to his native Northern Ireland, Kelly played in Sweden and Malaysia before having a five-year spell in Australia with Canberra Cosmos. When that ended in 1999, Kelly moved to Linfield, where he picked up two league titles and a cup in his three years there. Kelly moved to Glenavon in the summer of 2002 but was released just a few months later.
Kelly moved to the United States in 2003 after his short spell with Crusaders and ended up coaching junior football.
Kelly won caps for Northern Ireland between under-18 and B team level.

</doc>
<doc id="18631456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631456" title="Péter Szakály">
Péter Szakály

Péter Szakály (; born 17 August 1986 in Nagyatád) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC.
Club career.
Debrecen.
Szakály won the 2009–10 season of the Hungarian League with Debrecen despite his team lost to Kecskeméti TE in the last round. In 2010 Debrecen beat Zalaegerszegi TE in the Hungarian Cup final in the Puskás Ferenc Stadium by 3-2. 
On 1 May 2012 Szakály won the Hungarian Cup with Debrecen by beating MTK Budapest on penalty shoot-out in the 2011-12 season. This was the fifth Hungarian Cup trophy for Debrecen.
On 12 May 2012 Szakály won the Hungarian League title with Debrecen after beating Pécs in the 28th round of the Hungarian League by 4-0 at the Oláh Gábor út Stadium which resulted the sixth Hungarian League title for the Hajdús.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 8 December 2013."
Honours.
Debrecen
National team.
On 1 June 2012 Szakály debuted in the Hungarian national team against the Czech Republic in Prague. The final result was 2-1 to Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18631479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631479" title="The Book of Disquiet">
The Book of Disquiet

The Book of Disquiet (Livro do Desassossego: Composto por Bernardo Soares, ajudante de guarda-livros na cidade de Lisboa), published posthumously, is a work by Fernando Pessoa (1888–1935), signed under the semi-heteronym Bernardo Soares. With a preface by Fernando Pessoa, orthonym, the book is a fragmentary lifetime project, left unedited by the author, who introduced it as a "factless autobiography".
Editions.
Still studied by the "Pessoan" critics, who have different interpretations about the way the book should be organized, it was first published in Portuguese in 1982, 47 years after Pessoa's death; the author died also at 47, in 1935. The book has seen publication in in Spanish (1984), German (1985), Italian (1986), French (1988), and English (1991). The "Book" in 1991 had four English editions by different translators: Richard Zenith (editor and translator), Iain Watson, Alfred Mac Adam and Margaret Jull Costa. The "Book" is a bestseller, especially in German (16 editions, from different translators and publishers).
The book was listed, according to the "Christian Science Monitor", on the Norwegian Book Clubs list of the 100 best works of fiction of all time, based on the responses of 100 authors from 54 countries.
Interpretations.
Teresa Sobral Cunha considers that there are two Books Of Disquietude. According to the expert that organized, along with Jacinto do Prado Coelho and Maria Aliete Galhoz, the first edition edited in 1982, there are two authors of this book: Vicente Guedes in a first phase (in the 10's and the 20's) and the aforementioned Bernardo Soares (late 20's and the 30's).
However, António Quadros considers that the first phase of the book belongs to Pessoa. The second phase, more personal and diary-like, is the one belonging to Bernardo Soares.
Richard Zenith, editor of a new Portuguese edition, in 1998, took the option of a single volume, as in his first translation, back in 1991. In his introduction, he wrote that «If Bernardo Soares does not measure up to the full Pessoa, neither are his diary writings the sum total of "Disquietude", to which he was after all a johnny-comelately. "The Book of Disquietude" was various books (yet ultimately one book), with various authors (yet ultimately one author), and even the word "disquietude" changes meaning as time passes».

</doc>
<doc id="18631494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631494" title="Therapeutic Crisis Intervention">
Therapeutic Crisis Intervention

Therapeutic Crisis Intervention is a crisis management protocol developed by Cornell University for residential child care facilities. The purpose of the TCI protocol is to provide a crisis prevention and intervention model for residential child care facilities which will assist them in:
The protocol was developed beginning in 1979 through funding from a grant by the National Center on Child Abuse and Neglect.
A review by the Social Care Institute for Excellence SCIE (KNOWLEDGE REVIEW 22 SUMMARY Working with challenging and disruptive situations in residential child care: Sharing effective practice) found however only two rigorous evaluations of Therapeutic Crisis Intervention (TCI) have been conducted, and these presented mixed conclusions as to its effectiveness. 

</doc>
<doc id="18631532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631532" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ahmedabad () is a diocese located in the city of Ahmedabad in the Ecclesiastical province of Gandhinagar in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631577" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Baroda">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baroda

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baroda () is a diocese located in the city of Baroda in the Ecclesiastical province of Gandhinagar in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631578" title="OGK-2">
OGK-2

OGK-2 is a Russian power generation company. Majority of the company's stock is owned by Gazprom.
History.
In 2005, five thermal power plants with installed capacity about 8,700 MW were merged into single company. The power output of these plants in 2007 was around 48 TWh.
In April 2010, Gazprom, the major shareholder of OGK-2 and OGK-6, announced a plan to merge these companies. OGK-2 issued 26.59 billion new shares (81.2% of existing share capital) which were used for conversion of OGK-6 shares at a ratio of 1.2141 OGK-6 to 1 OGK-2 share. The merger was completed by 1 November 2011.
Operations.
OGK-2 operates following power stations:
Installed capacity of the company is 17,750 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18631607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631607" title="Seahorse Islands">
Seahorse Islands

The Seahorse Islands is a chain of long and narrow sandy islands in western North Slope Borough, Alaska, United States. They are located between Peard Bay and the Chukchi Sea, east of Point Franklin. The longest island is about in length and the highest point of the islands is . The shape of these coastal islands has changed over the years.
The Seahorse Islands were named by Captain Frederick William Beechey in 1826. Beechey had sent out his barge to explore the coastline further north. It reached the islands on August 21, 1826. Beechey, writing later, said: ""On the 21st they arrived off a chain of sandy islands... which I have distinguished by the name of the Sea Horse Islands."" "Sea Horse" is an antiquated term for the walrus.

</doc>
<doc id="18631608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631608" title="Rubén Maza">
Rubén Maza

Rubén Dario Maza Larez (born June 9, 1967) is a long-distance runner from Venezuela.
__TOC__
Career.
He represented his native country in the men's marathon (59th place) at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He won the silver medal in the same event, three years later at the 1999 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18631620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631620" title="Wilhelm Meendsen-Bohlken">
Wilhelm Meendsen-Bohlken


</doc>
<doc id="18631623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631623" title="Toomas Kallaste">
Toomas Kallaste

Toomas Kallaste (born 27 January 1971 in Tallinn) is a former Estonian professional footballer. He was playing the position of defender and is 1.88 m tall and weighs 77 kg. He won a total of 42 international caps for the Estonia national football team. Kallaste earned his first official cap on 1992-06-03, when Estonia played Slovenia in a friendly match.

</doc>
<doc id="18631630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631630" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuddapah">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuddapah

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuddapah () is a diocese located in the city of Cuddapah in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.
Presently, there are about 51 parishes catering to 81,580 Catholics in the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18631637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631637" title="Michigan Opera Theatre">
Michigan Opera Theatre

Michigan Opera Theatre (MOT) is the principal opera company in Michigan, USA. The company is based in Detroit, where it performs in the Detroit Opera House. Each year it presents an opera and dance season. The company presents four operas in their original language with English supertitles and hosts dance companies with touring repertoire. It also presents musical theatre performances. The company has an orchestra, chorus, children's chorus, and extensive dance and arts education outreach programs. In 2005 MOT won a National Endowment for the Arts, "Access to Artistic Excellence" grant to support its staging of the world premiere of "Margaret Garner".
History.
Michigan Opera Theatre began as the educational outreach arm, Overture to Opera (OTO), of the Detroit Grand Opera Association, the organization responsible for the Metropolitan Opera's visits to Detroit. In 1963, MOT's Founder and General Director, David DiChiera took over the program, then in its third year. OTO first presented opera to the public as a collection of scenes and acts. It did not produce its first full-length production until 1970, with the staging of "The Barber of Seville" at the Detroit Institute of Arts. Overture to Opera officially became Michigan Opera Theatre in 1971 after it established a board of trustees, signifying its transformation into a professional opera company. 1977 marked the founding of MOT's Department of Community Programs by Karen VanderKloot DiChiera. The company became known for it casting which often featured a blend of established artists as well as young-up-and-coming American opera singers from a diversity of backgrounds, a tradition that continues to this day. The company was among the first to stage Gershwin's opera "Porgy and Bess" in 1975 as well as Scott Joplin's opera "Treemonisha" in 1983. In 2005 the company staged the world premiere of Richard Danielpour's "Margaret Garner", based on Toni Morrison's novel "Beloved". MOT also established an international reputation for the staging of rarely performed operas such as the North American premiere of Armenian composer, Armen Tigranian's, "Anoush" in 1981, Polish composer, Karol Szymanowski's "King Roger" in 1991, and the American premiere of Stanisław Moniuszko's "The Haunted Castle" in 1982. In 1989 the decision was made to purchase MOT's current home, the Detroit Opera House Originally called the Capital Theatre, the building, designed by C. Howard Crane, was in need of extensive restoration. The company eventually gained enough money to purchase the entire block encompassing the neighboring Roberts Fur building, which the company demolished in 1993 to make way for the stage house. The monumental task which became known as "The Detroit Opera House Project" took approximately 7 years to complete and was supported by local individuals, corporations, foundations and unions. Luciano Pavarotti was also a major contributor to the campaign, bringing the attention of the public to the project at large by promising to sing at the opening of the new opera house, donating large amounts of money to the cause, and by making various appearances around Detroit in performances designed to raise money for the project. In April 1996, MOT celebrated the opening of its new home with a Gala event which received international coverage. Among the guests at the Gala were opera stars Joan Sutherland, Luciano Pavarotti, Irina Mishura, Helen Donath, Marcello Giordani, Gregg Baker, Alessandra Marc, and Elizabeth Parcells, conductor Steven Mercurio, and actor Roddy McDowall. The evening also featured a "Fanfare for the Detroit Opera House" by American composer William Bolcom which had been especially commissioned for the Gala. In 1996 MOT also added a permanent dance season to its reportoire with performances by the American Ballet Theatre and the Cleveland San Jose Ballet.
Venues.
Several of Detroit's performing arts venues have been home to Michigan Opera Theatre. With the move to the Detroit Music Hall in 1971 MOT is credited with helping to regenerate Detroit's Entertainment District. Still operating as Overture to Opera the company saved the Music Hall from demolition in 1971 and staged its first season there with productions of "Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat" and Puccini's "La rondine". Besides the Music Hall, MOT has occupied the Detroit Masonic Temple theatre, and the Fisher Theatre. In the 1984 spring season the company moved to the Masonic Temple in order to accommodate larger audiences and bigger productions. Its first production at the Masonic Temple was "Anna Bolena", starring Joan Sutherland. The production also featured the American Midwest premiere of English surtitles. In 1985 the company moved to The Fisher Theatre for its autumn season and staged "West Side Story" which received an extended run and became one of Michigan Opera Theatres top grossing productions.
Arts education and outreach.
Michigan Opera Theatre's Department of Community Programs was founded by Karen Vanderkloot DiChiera in 1977. Since then, it has established T"he Joyce H. Cohn Apprentice Award Fund" to support MOT's "Young Artist Apprentice Program". It has also been awarded the "Success in Education Award" by Opera America. MOT's Arts Education and Outreach program, which is a division of MOT's Department of Community programs works with students in local schools. The department also host "Learning at the Opera House" which offers classes, and workshops for children and adults during the summer months. The department also offers touring programs to local schools, churches and community groups. MOT's Department of Community programs has also premiered many operas. They include "Vigilence", "Pete, The Pirate", and "Nanabush" which were composed by Karen V. DiChiera and "Summer Snow" which was composed by Fred Rogers of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood".
The Margo V. Cohen Center for Dance.
The Margo V. Cohen Center for Dance was founded in 2001 and is run by Dr. Carol Halsted the Director of Dance. The department which is also a component of MOT's community outreach programming hosts the company's Dance Film series and the American Ballet Theatre summer intensive program. The center also hosts year-round dance classes for beginning to advanced dance students. Dance auditions are also held at the center.
The Allesee Dance and Opera Resource Library.
The Allesee Dance and Opera Resource Library is the official library and archive for Michigan Opera Theatre. It specializes in research materials specific to dance, opera and MOT's 40-year history. The library was made possible in 2006 with a gift from Robert and Maggie Allesee. The library and archive center carries books, scores, CDs, videos and hundreds of unique items such as photos and performance reviews from MOT's productions. The Allesee Dance and Opera Resource Library's catalogue was recently made available for the public to access online through a unique partnership with Wayne State University's School of Library and Information Science.
Notable productions.
Outside of the standard repertoire, notable productions have included:
Notable artists.
Among the notable artists who have sung at MOT early in their careers are: Detroit-born Maria Ewing who sang in the 1970 "The Barber of Seville" production; Leona Mitchell, who sang Bess in the company's 1975 production of "Porgy and Bess"; Kathleen Battle, whose 1975 performance as Rosina in "The Barber of Seville" marked her operatic debut; Catherine Malfitano, who created the role of Catherine Sloper in MOT's world premiere staging of "Washington Square" in 1976. Other notable artists include The Metropolitan Opera's Jerome Hines, a bass, who in 1974 sang the title role of "Boris Godunov"; Nicole Cabell who sang Musetta in "La bohème" in 2005, a few months after winning the BBC Cardiff Singer of the World competition; Australian soprano Dame Joan Sutherland who sang the title role in Donizetti's Anna Bolena; Martina Arroyo and Ghena Dimitrova who sang in MOT's 1986 production of Turandot; Luciano Pavarotti who sang at Joe Louis Arena in 1989; Irina Mishura who played Carmen during the 1996-97 season; The Three Tenors in 1999 at the historic Tiger Stadium in Detroit, Andrea Bocelli who made his staged operatic debut in Werther and Denyce Graves who made her MOT debut in Werther; and Ewa Podles, the Polish contralto who sang in Verdi's A Masked Ball.
Premieres.
World.
Michigan Opera Theatre has staged the world premieres of the following operas:
North American.
Michigan Opera Theatre staged these North American Premieres

</doc>
<doc id="18631648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631648" title="Frank Abercrombie">
Frank Abercrombie

Francis Patterson Abercrombie (January 2, 1851 – November 11, 1939) was an American professional baseball player who played in the National Association for one game as a shortstop in . Born in Fort Towson, Oklahoma, he played for the Troy Haymakers. He died at age 88 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18631651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631651" title="Kanyini (film)">
Kanyini (film)

Kanyini is a 2006 documentary film which explores the philosophy and the life of Bob Randall, an Aboriginal man who lives beside the world's greatest monolith, Uluru, in Central Australia. He is an elder of the Yankunytjatjara people and a member of the Stolen Generations. The film, directed by Melanie Hogan, is based on Bob Randall's own personal journey and the wisdom he learnt from the old people living in the bush. Bob tells the tale of why Indigenous people are now struggling in a modern world and what needs to be done for them to move forward. 
Kanyini is a Pitjantjatjara word meaning interconnectedness; to care for, to support, to nurture, and to protect.
Issues raised.
Kanyini raises many important issues, and tells us about racial discrimination, stereotyping and perception. Bob Randall claims that the situation in which Aborigines live now has not changed much, and definitely not in a positive way. It is at sometimes stressing, but stresses the importance of us to at least understand our history. Bob Randall himself claimed, in tones of bitter sadness, that he himself once sniffed petrol, which is a drug many Indigenous Australians are addicted to. Saying this, he shows that the number of suicidal rates, of smoking, alcohol and sniffing petrol and depression, have increased so much in Indigenous Australians, solely because they have no meaning in life: They have not been given almost anything from the Government, so many suffer from depression, and fail to be able to read and write.
Box office.
"Kanyini" grossed $52,450 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18631658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631658" title="Roy Stanley">
Roy Stanley

Roy Robert Edward Stanley is a British based entrepreneur and businessman, and chairman of two AIM listed companies, the Tanfield Group, makers of electric vehicles, and Optare, a bus manufacturer.
Stanley founded Tanfield in 1996 and developed it into the world's largest manufacturer of commercial electric vehicles The Stanley, County Durham based Tanfield Group is one of the leading employers in the North East of England 
In 2006 Stanley moved from Chief Executive to Chairman of Tanfield to concentrate on other ventures. In 2007 Stanley subsequently became founder and chairman of the Darwen Group, buying the former bus manufacturer East Lancashire Coachbuilders. With acquisitions and restructuring, by June 2008 Darwen had become the enlarged company Optare plc, employing 830 people and with a £90million turnover, with the goal of developing hybrid buses.
In April 2008 it was announced that Roy Stanley was to be the new Chairman of Business Link North East.
In July 2008 while still chairman, Stanley returned to the Tanfield Group in an executive role after a dramatic slump in the share price of Tanfield
Married with three children, Stanley holds an MBA from Newcastle University.

</doc>
<doc id="18631671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631671" title="St Modwen's, Burton upon Trent">
St Modwen's, Burton upon Trent

St Modwen's is the Church of England town centre parish church for Burton upon Trent. It is part of the Diocese of Lichfield.
St Modwen's New Church.
The current church building, which dominates Burton's market square, was
(...) begun in 1719, first used for services in 1723, and finally completed by 1728. church itself is built in red sandstone and comprises an aisled five-bay nave with galleries on the north, west, and south, an apse, and a western narthex with central tower, north and south gallery stairs, and internal porch. Designed in a Classical style by the brothers Richard and William Smith of Tettenhall, it is similar to the church at Whitchurch (Salop.) built by William to the designs of John Barker. William died in 1724 and Richard in 1726, and the church was completed by their younger brother Francis Smith of Warwick. In the 1730s Richard Wilkes, a Staffordshire antiquary, described the church as 'elegant and beautiful', giving 'pleasure to all that behold or enter it'. The west tower is of three stages and has a balustrade with urns and round windows with radial glazing bars. The apse has wide Doric pilasters at the opening and between the windows. The nave arcades have tall Doric piers without an entablature, the flat ceiling has a deep cove, and the nave galleries cut across the high, arched windows of the aisles.
The church is grade I listed and contains a 15th-century font, an organ case built in 1771 and a monument to Lady Fowler by Sir Richard Westmacott of 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="18631690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631690" title="E.ON Russia">
E.ON Russia

E.ON Russia (former name: The Fourth Generation Company of the Wholesale Electricity Market, OGK-4) is a Russian power generation company formed by merger of five generation companies. 78.3% of the company is owned by the German energy company E.ON, the rest of the shares are owned by minority shareholders.
History and operations.
In 2006, the following 5 power plants were merged into one company: 
The installed capacity of all five thermal power plants is about 10,296 MW. This comprises about 5% of the generating capacity of RAO UES.
The power output of the OGK-4 power plants in 2007 was around 54.5 TWh. According current innvestment program there is plans to increase original capacity of power plants equal 9.03 GW to more than 11 GW in 2011 with spending for these purposes US$2.89 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18631705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631705" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Khamman">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Khamman

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Khamman () is a diocese located in the city of Khamman in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.
History.
The diocese of Khammam was bifurcated from the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of Warangal diocese by the Papal Bull ad "perpetuam rei memoriam" on 11 February 1988. It comprises the entire revenue district of Khammam. Most. Rev. Joseph Rajappa was appointed as the first Bishop of Khammam diocese. The Christian faith in this area has a century old history.
Initial Days.
The Mission work was actually launched by the PIME missionaries much before 1885 when this area was under the Hyderabad vicariate. The oldest Catholic Community brought to faith by Fr.F.Rolla PIME to Bayyaram village in 1905 still remains as a historical monument. Msgr. Vigano's Pastoral visits to different places could also bring some impact in the Christian communities. Because of their strenuous efforts, we could now have the pride of having Bayyaram parish because the first one to yield the first vocation in the diocese and later five more.
Khammam under Warangal Diocese.
The Diocese of Warangal was bifurcated from the Ecclesiastical territory of Hyderabad as a separate diocese, comprising the districts of Warangal, Khammam, Karimnagar and Nalgonda by Pope Pious the XII on 22 December 1952. Most Rev. Alphonsus Beretta PIME was the first Bishop of Warangal. On 8 January 1953, under the dynamic leadership and great vision of Bishop A. Beretta, the Catholic Church in Khammam penetrated into interior places. Bishop
Beretta set up many schools, dispensaries, boardings and launched other socio-economic developmental schemes. He invited several religious congregations to work in the rural belt of Khammam. In 1985 Bishop A. Beretta PIME retired and in1987 bishop Thumma Bala was appointed as the second Bishop of Warangal. Before he could realize his plans, Khammam district was declared as a diocese in 1988. Bishop Joseph Rajappa was appointed as the first
Bishop of Khammam. Unfortunately he died on the following year i.e. 27 December 1989 due to old age and illness. The diocese was administered for a couple of years by Rev.Fr.M. Lourdunathan. On 31 January 1992, Fr.Marampudi Joji, of Vijayawada diocese was appointed as second Bishop of Khammam. After four and a half years, he was transferred to Vijayawada on 18 December 1996. Rev. Fr. D. Melchior Raja, PIME, administered the diocese for a couple of months. On 30 May 1997, Fr. Maipan Paul of Visakhapatnam diocese was appointed as the third Bishop of Khammam.

</doc>
<doc id="18631724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631724" title="Knob Mountain">
Knob Mountain

Knob Mountain is a mountain in Page County, Virginia. It is part of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Its summit lies within Shenandoah National Park at an elevation of 2,671 ft (814 m).
Geology.
Geologically speaking, the mountain is situated in the northern subprovince of the Blue Ridge Province of the Appalachian Highlands. It is part of the Crystalline Appalachians. Knob Mountain is separated from parallel Neighbor Mountain to the east by a stream known as Jeremy's Run. To the west of Knob Mountain lies the Great Appalachian Valley.
Access.
Knob Mountain is accessible from the Knob Mountain Trail, which runs along much of the mountain's ridge. The closest scenic viewpoint along Skyline Drive from which to view Knob Mountain is Jeremy's Run Overlook. The nearest city is Rileyville, at 2.7 miles away.

</doc>
<doc id="18631725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631725" title="Robert Prendergast">
Robert Prendergast

Admiral Sir Robert John Prendergast KCB (9 July 1864–14 May 1946) was a British Royal Navy officer.
Career.
Prendergast entered the Royal Navy as a Cadet in 1877. He served in the Anglo-Egyptian War of 1882 as a Midshipman aboard the broadside ironclad HMS "Achilles". In 1885 he transferred to the gunboat HMS "Grappler" at Gibraltar. He was promoted Lieutenant in June 1887 and joined the corvette HMS "Volage" in the Training Squadron in 1888. In 1889 he went to HMS "Excellent" to train as a gunnery officer and was then posted to the battleship HMS "Collingwood" and then to the frigate HMS "Raleigh", flagship of the Training Squadron.
In 1899 he was promoted Commander and posted to HMS "Northampton", a seagoing training ships for boys. In December 1901 he was posted to HMS "Excellent", where he was promoted Captain. In 1904 he went to the Naval Ordnance Department at the Admiralty, and then commanded in succession the cruisers HMS "Essex" and HMS "Carnarvon" and the battleship HMS "Implacable". In 1911 he was appointed Captain-Superintendent of Sheerness Dockyard.
In November 1914 he was promoted Rear-Admiral, but remained at Sheerness. In May 1916 he was appointed Rear-Admiral Commanding Scapa Flow, hoisting his flag in the depot ship HMS "Imperieuse" and then the dockyard repair ship HMS "Victorious". In March 1919 he was appointed Rear-Admiral Commanding Orkneys and Shetlands. He was promoted Vice-Admiral later that year and appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 1920 New Year Honours, having been appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) the previous year. He retired in February 1920 when Scapa Flow was reduced to a peace footing, and was promoted Admiral on the retired list in 1924.
Death.
Prendergast moved to Eastbourne, where he lived at Meads House. By 1946 he was senile and developed a bladder infection, for which he was treated by society doctor and suspected serial killer Dr John Bodkin Adams. Adams would visit twice a day and prescribed morphine. On the morning of 14 May 1946, Prendergast slipped into a coma and died at 7.30 p.m. that evening. Adams certified the death as a) uraemia and b) chronic nephritis. His nurse, Anne Masters, later told police, "I am quite convinced that the injections of morphia hastened Sir Prendergast's death". Adams was tried for the murder of Edith Alice Morrell in 1957 but acquitted, though police suspected him of a total of 163 murders.

</doc>
<doc id="18631730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631730" title="Rosario Sánchez">
Rosario Sánchez

María del Rosario Sánchez Guerrero (born October 26, 1973 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal) is a female track and field athlete from Mexico, who competed in race walking. 
__TOC__
Career.
She represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. 

</doc>
<doc id="18631734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631734" title="IAR CV 11">
IAR CV 11

The IAR CV 11 was a Romanian fighter prototype in 1930, designed by Elie Carafoli, and it was IAR's first original aircraft.
Development.
In early 1930 a contest was called by the ARR for a new fighter type to equip its squadrons. During July and October, seven foreign types were tested at an airfield near Bucharest. No decision was made, however, since none of the contenders reached the minimal speed limit set by the requirements at 300 km/h. Despite the inconclusive results, the favourite plane seemed to be the chunky-looking Polish P.Z.L. P.1/II prototype, registered SP-ADO. During the same period, the air force commission was informed that a new fighter prototype had been completed at I.A.R., and it had reached an impressive 319 km/h top speed during initial test flights.
Built according to the plans of Dipl.-Eng. Dr. Elie Carafoli and Lucien Virmoux, the I.A.R. fighter was an advanced construction. Named the C.V. 11 after its designers, it had a mixed metal-wood structure and cantilever, low-wing configuration, all modern features, soon to be adopted by all major aircraft manufacturers.
The front fuselage structure was made of duraluminumin tubes, while the rear part was of pine wood. The engine nacelle and the fuselage up to the cockpit were covered by duraluminumin sheets, the aft part by plywood. The rear part of the fuselage merged with the tail without a substantial cross section change, giving the aircraft a rather unusual arrow-like look. Due to its unconventional fuselage configuration the overall length come to less than 7 m, while the height was only 2.46 m. The 11.50 m span wing was made up by three sections of combined duraluminuminpine wood construction,reinforced by steel cables. The centre part housed the main wing fuel tank. The unbalanced control surfaces, which proved to be too small during trials, were made entirely of wood, covered by fabric.
The powerplant chosen was a Lorraine-Dietrich 12Fa Courlis with 12 cylinders arranged in a W configuration. Its maximum output was an impressive 600 h.p. (447 kW) but it proved to be too heavy for the small and light fuselage, which weighted only 1,100 kg, and caused a dangerous tendency to fall into a spin at low speed. This shortcoming could not be eliminated, so the prototype, officially designated I.A.R. C.V. 11/W.8, had finally to be abandoned.
In the meantime, a second prototype was completed at I.A.R. This time a less powerful but sensibly lighter Hispano-Suiza 12Mc engine, with 12-cylinder in V, had been fitted to essentially the same fuselage. Although weaker than its predecessor, this engine gave a superior maximum speed of 328 km/h at sea level and 295 km/h at 5,000 m.
The armament of two 7.7 mm Vickers machine guns firing through the propeller arc had been retained from the first prototype. An O.P.L. type gunsight helped the pilot to aim its guns.
After initial test flights, the second prototype, designated in French style I.A.R. C.V. 11 C1 (Chasseur monoplace), had been shipped to Istres, in France, where it arrived in January 1931.
During the following two months further trials were conducted involving French specialists as well.
The French specialists report, however, did not have any significant impact on ARR commission members
After the initial failure in reaching a verdict, prompted the ARR leaders to set up a new, five member committee to decide the choice of fighter type to be introduced into Romanian service. After several months of inquiries and test flights, the commission, finally decided 4 to 1 in favour of the P.Z.L. P.1 and against the faster but less manoeuvrable, spin-prone I.A.R. C.V. 11.
Therefore, once the prototype returned to Romania, as a last measure, the I.A.R. team decided to make an attempt to break the speed record on a 500 km closed circuit. The record of 306,696 km/h in effect at that time for this category had been set up by the Frenchman Joseph Sadi-Lecointe, with a Nieuport-Delâge airplane.
The record-breaking attempt was scheduled for the morning of 9 December 1931 on the Bucharest-Fetesti-Bucharest route. With the Capitan aviator Romeo Popescu at its controls, the C.V. 11 took off from Pipera-Bucharest military airfield at 11.30 a.m. The first 370 km were made without any trouble at an encouraging average speed. Close to Lehliu railway station, however, the overheated Hispano-Suiza engine suddenly stalled, forcing the pilot to try an improvised forced landing with the now vicious airplane. Cpt. Popescu approached a nearby open field, but at contact with the thick snow cover one of the main wheels collapsed and the fighter turned over, crushing the pilot under the fuselage. Romeo Popescu, an experienced test pilot and holder of three Romanian national aviation records, died instantly. The investigation following the incident concluded that the lubrication of the overstressed engine, working at maximum power, was insufficient, causing seizure. Until that fatal moment, during an hour and thirty-four minutes of flight, an average speed of 319 km/h had been recorded by the onboard instruments, thus a good chance had existed of achieving the goal set by the temerarious pilot.
However, by that time the dies had already been cast. Months before, in September 1931, General Constantin Lazarescu, the new inspector of DSA, decided not to consider the I.A.R. design any more, but to purchase the Polish P.Z.L. P.11, an upgraded version of the initial P.1

</doc>
<doc id="18631737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631737" title="The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1911 film)">
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1911 film)

The Hunchback of Notre Dame was a 1911 silent film directed by Albert Capellani and produced by Pathé Frères. It was released under the name Notre-Dame de Paris. The film was based on the Victor Hugo novel of the same name. It starred Henry Krauss and Stacia Napierkowska.

</doc>
<doc id="18631739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631739" title="Ein HaEmek">
Ein HaEmek

Ein HaEmek (, "lit." Eye of the Valley) is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located near Yokneam, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 670.
The village was established as a moshav in 1944 by a group of 30 immigrant families from Kurdistan, and was initially named Kedem after the organisation which helped the founders make aliyah.

</doc>
<doc id="18631744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631744" title="Franklin Fairbanks">
Franklin Fairbanks

Franklin Fairbanks (June 18, 1828–April 24, 1895) was an American businessman, political figure, and one of the founders and first trustees of Rollins College.
Biography.
The son of Erastus Fairbanks and brother of Horace Fairbanks, Franklin Fairbanks was born in St. Johnsbury, Vermont on June 18, 1828.
At age 18, he entered Fairbanks Scales, the family business which manufactured platform scales. He became president of the company in 1888. Fairbanks was also an officer and director in a number of mining, manufacturing, banking, and telegraph businesses.
During the Civil War Fairbanks served on the staffs of Governors Hiland Hall and Erastus Fairbanks with the rank of Colonel, responsible for raising, equipping and training troops and dispatching them to the front lines.
A Republican, he was a member of the Vermont House of Representatives and served as Speaker from 1872 to 1874.
Fairbanks was a trustee of St. Johnsbury Academy. He donated the Fairbanks Museum and Planetarium to the town of St. Johnsbury., along with his collection of natural science specimens and related artifacts.
Fairbanks came to Winter Park, Florida in 1881 with his friend and business associate, Charles H. Morse, who was also from St. Johnsbury. Fairbanks was one of the founders of the city, and was one of the first investors to purchase lakefront property. Fairbanks was one of the first trustees of Rollins College and contributed towards its founding.
Death and burial.
He died in St. Johnsbury on April 24, 1895. He was buried at Mount Pleasant Cemetery in St. Johnsbury.
Legacy.
His house in St. Johnsbury at 30 Western Avenue is on the list of the National Register of Historic Places.
The annual Franklin Fairbanks Award is presented to individuals who have made positive contributions to the operation and direction of the Fairbanks Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18631747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631747" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurnool">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurnool

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurnool () is a diocese located in the city of Kurnool in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631753" title="José Francisco Gana">
José Francisco Gana

General José Francisco Gana López (November 13, 1791—January 20, 1864) was a Chilean military and political figure, who took part in the Peruvian War of Independence. José Francisco Gana was of Basque descent.
Early life.
Gana was born in Santiago, the son of Agustín Gana Darrigrandi and of Dolores López Guerrero. He entered military service in 1806 as a cadet, and in 1808 was promoted to 2nd lieutenant of the king's regiment, in which he served during the apprehension of an English invasion in 1809. In 1812 he quit the Spanish Army when his father was arrested and sent as a prisoner to Callao for participating in the preparations for the Chilean War of Independence. He decided to accompany his father to prison in Peru, and while there he joined a prisoner's revolt, was captured and tortured.
Military career.
Peru.
In 1820, Gana entered the service again in Peru, under the orders of General José de San Martín. Gana with his battalion captured the City of Huaras with the whole garrison, and, as a consequence, the provinces of Trujillo, Lambayeque, and Piura pronounced for the insurrection, leading to the whole northern portion of Peru being wrestled from the rule of the viceroy. The viceroy, José de La Serna, was forced to evacuate his capital, Lima, on July 6, and on the 12th San Martin occupied the City. Independence was solemnly proclaimed on July 28.
Meanwhile Gana took part in the assault of Callao, on August 14, and after the final surrender of September 21, he was promoted to major. Gana participated in General Sucre's expedition to the south, and commanded a column that attacked the Spanish forces at Quilca (August 14, 1823), and, notwithstanding the loss of one third of his troops, routed the enemy and pursued him toward Arequipa.
Chile.
In October 1823, Gana returned to Chile, and in 1825 was sent with his battalion under Colonel Sanchez to garrison the city of Talca against the attacks of the bands of the Pincheira brothers, whom he surprised and defeated. In December of the same year he was promoted to colonel, and his battalion formed part of General Ramón Freire's expedition to Chiloé, which archipelago was still held by the Spanish under General Antonio Quintanilla. He participated in the decisive Battle of Bellavista (January 14, 1826), and was commissioned by Freire to sign the capitulation of Pudeto on January 19 which surrendered the rest of Chilean territory to the independentist forces. During the Chilean Civil War of 1829, he joined the liberal forces under General Ramón Freire, and, after their defeat at the Battle of Lircay (April 17, 1830) declined to serve under the government of the conservatives, and retired from active service.
Later life.
In 1842, Gana was called into service again by the government of General Manuel Bulnes, and appointed director of the military Academy. Twice he was elected Deputy for "Talca" in congress, and in 1849 Gana was appointed intendant of the province of Atacama. In September 1851, President Manuel Montt named him Minister of War and Navy, and in 1853 Gana was appointed president of the military court of appeals, being promoted in 1854 to brigadier-general. At the same time he became dean of the philological faculty of the Universidad de Chile, a literary honor which no other Chilean general has ever attained. In 1856 he was sent as minister (ambassador) to Ecuador, and on his return in 1857 again took charge of the Ministry of War and Navy. In 1858 he was sent on a special mission to Spain. In 1860 he was elected senator of the republic, and in 1861 appointed counsellor of state. Gana died in his country estate in Nuñoa, in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="18631780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631780" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Nalgonda">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Nalgonda

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nalgonda () is a diocese located in the city of Nalgonda in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631786" title="Lists of UK locations with large ethnic minority populations">
Lists of UK locations with large ethnic minority populations

This article lists United Kingdom locations with large and/or significant ethnic minority communities, as defined by official ethnicity statistics. The overwhelming majority of ethnic minority individuals in the UK reside in the larger cities, most specifically London. The British capital is home to 50 non-indigenous communities which have a population of more than 10,000 (therefore laying claim to being the most diverse city in the world).
British Asian communities.
Bangladeshi communities.
Major cities and larger towns with populations >5,000 and / or percentages >2%.
"Source: 2011 UK Census Ethnic group, local authorities in England and Wales"
Indian communities.
Major cities and larger towns with populations >20,000 and / or percentages >10%.
"Source: 2011 UK Census Ethnic group, local authorities in England and Wales"
Pakistani communities.
Major cities and larger towns with populations >15,000 and / or percentages >10%.
"Source: 2011 UK Census Ethnic group, local authorities in England and Wales"
Black British communities.
Major cities and larger towns. Inside London with populations >50,000 and / or percentages >17% and outside London with populations over 20,000.
Chinese communities.
Major cities and larger towns with populations >7,000 and / or percentages >2%.
Places with significant Irish population.
Major cities and larger towns with populations >2%.
Places with significant Polish population.
Sources: 2011 NI Census

</doc>
<doc id="18631791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631791" title="Enel OGK-5">
Enel OGK-5

Enel OGK-5 () is a Russian power generation company formed by merger of four smaller generation companies in 2004. Since March 2008 the Italian company Enel ownes 59.8% of the company. 
History and operations.
In 2006, the following 4 power plants were merged into one company: 
The installed capacity of all four thermal power plants is about 8,672 MW. 
The power output of the Enel OGK-5 power plants in 2007 was around 38.4 TWh.

</doc>
<doc id="18631810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631810" title="Tommy Wirtanen">
Tommy Wirtanen

Tommy Wirtanen (born 19 January 1983 in Mariehamn, Åland Islands) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for IFK Mariehamn. He usually plays as a winger and is well known for his great pace.
Career.
IFK Mariehamn.
Before joining Örebro SK, Wirtanen played for IFK Mariehamn in his native Finland. It's also the only other club he has represented.
While at IFK Mariehamn, Wirtanen made 180 first team appearances and scored 15 goals from 2000 to 2008. He was a part of the team that promoted IFK Mariehamn to the Finnish First Division in 2003 and the following season all the way to the Premier Division.
Örebro SK.
On 19 December 2008 it was made official that Wirtanen would join Swedish Örebro SK on a two-year-contract. Wirtanen is one of three Finns currently at Örebro, the other ones being Roni Porokara and Fredrik Nordback.

</doc>
<doc id="18631822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631822" title="Wevok, Alaska">
Wevok, Alaska

Wevok is a former Inuit village in the western part of North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.
Its name is derived from the Inuit name of Cape Lisburne, which lies only to the west. Maximum elevation .

</doc>
<doc id="18631832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631832" title="California Joe">
California Joe

California Joe may refer to one of two 19th century notables:

</doc>
<doc id="18631837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631837" title="Lilleküla">
Lilleküla

Lilleküla (Estonian for "Flower Town") is a subdistrict of the district of Kristiine in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia. It has a population of 23,512 ().
On the eastern side of Lilleküla there's a train station "Lilleküla" on the Elektriraudtee's western route.
</br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18631840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631840" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Warangal">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Warangal

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Warangal () is a diocese located in the city of Warangal in the Ecclesiastical province of Hyderabad in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631855" title="National Chao-Chou Senior High School">
National Chao-Chou Senior High School

National Chao-Chou Senior High School (國立潮州高級中學 CCSH) is a national high school located in Chaochou, Pingtung County, Taiwan Province, Republic of China.
Introduction History.
This school was founded in March 1942, formerly known as Chaochou Shude Girl's School(潮州淑德女學校), and held the opening ceremony at 23, May, 1942. In 1944, the school was renamed as Chaochou Girls' Agriculture and Vocational School(潮州農業實踐女學校). At February 1946, the school name was changed to Chaochou Middle School of Kaohsiung County (高雄縣立潮州初級中學). In 1949, the school was called Taiwan Provincial Chaochou Middle/High School(台灣省立潮州中學), and added high school education. Since 1968, the department of junior high school was faded away year after year. In July 1970 was renamed as Taiwan Provincial Chaochou High School(台灣省立潮州高級中學). After the downsizing of the provincial government at 2000, the school was being named as National Chao Chou Senior High School (國立潮州高級中學).
Song.
武山兮青蔥　淡水兮如虹　輝煌兮壯麗唯我潮中
奉行三民主義　完成建國使命
光我中華於亞東

</doc>
<doc id="18631861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631861" title="Eric Burdon discography">
Eric Burdon discography

Eric Burdon was the singer of The Animals, War and several other line-ups.
Studio albums.
With The Animals, Eric Burdon & The Animals, The Original Animals use the link below.
Live albums.
codice_1 indicates an album that contains both live and studio tracks

</doc>
<doc id="18631882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631882" title="Ontrack (disambiguation)">
Ontrack (disambiguation)

Ontrack or ONTRACK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18631885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631885" title="1996 India Open – Singles">
1996 India Open – Singles

Thomas Enqvist won in the final 6–2, 7–6(7–3) against Byron Black.

</doc>
<doc id="18631891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631891" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dindigul">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dindigul

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dindigul () is a diocese located in the city of Dindigul in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631899" title="OGK-6">
OGK-6

The Sixth Wholesale Power Market Generating Company JSC (OGK-6) was a Russian power generation company formed by merger of six generation companies.
History and operations.
In 2006, the following 6 power plants were merged into one company:
The installed capacity of all six thermal power plants was about 9,052 MW which made OGK-6 the fourth largest power company by installed capacity in Russia. The total installed heat of OGK-6 plants amounted to 2,704 Gcal/h. The power output of the OGK-6 power plants in 2007 was around 32.065 TWh.
OGK-6 shares were traded on MICEX and RTS.
In April 2010, it was announced that Gazprom, the major shareholder of OGK-2 and OGK-6, will merger OGK-6 into OGK-2 to create a single company with 10 power stations and a capacity of 17,750 MW. The merger was completed by 1 November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18631913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631913" title="Olmecas de Tabasco">
Olmecas de Tabasco

The Olmecas de Tabasco (English: Tabasco Olmecs) are a AAA-level baseball team based in Tabasco playing in the Mexican League. Their homefield is the Estadio Centenario 27 de Febrero in Villahermosa.
History.
It is a team with one of the best hobbies in southeastern Mexico, have a championship and ten appearances in the play-offs of the Mexican League .
Their last playoff appearance was in 2012 when they were eliminated before the Veracruz Rojos del Aguila of losing the series in Centennial Park February 27 , 4-1 after having been to 4 outs to tie the series 1-1.
They made their arrival in the Mexican League in 1975 and have had four names in the time it takes to participate in the summer circuit, and today are named Olmec, have also been called Banana, Cardinals and Ranchers, having played always in the Park Centennial February 27 .
His only championship has been in the campaign of 1993 with the immortal Juan Navarrete front. The ninth Tabasco has been identified for its role in the south and the great pitching that has held, highlighting the arms of Emigdio Lopez, Tabasco Cecilio Ruiz, Juan Jesus Alvarez, Jesus "Chito" Rios, Ricardo Osuna and Gaudencio Aguirre. Other star players who have passed through the club are: Elisha Garzón catcher, first baseman Jay Gainer, the intermediatist Joel Serna, third baseman Manuel Ramirez and shortstop Heber Gomez. His best gardeners have been Rusty Tillman, Oscar Zambrano Fentanes and Rosario, Arturo Bernal and Tabasco Carlos Sievers , both in the role of designated hitter and Mike Naggy right as their best pitcher of all time.
The Cardinals of 1975.
The nickname of Cardinals was the first with whom they met at the summer ball, that was a first attempt, then the following year, due to economic problems, emigrated from the entity and returned in 1977. Since then he has written a story uninterrupted as baseball has been in lands collide.
The Banana, 1979.
After the dismal performance of the 1975 Cardinals, in 1977 the team returned to Tabasco only this time they decided to call them Banana, mote with which they were known until 1985. It was in 1979 when the team that achievement Tabasqueño get, for the first time in the postseason, led by Raul Cano, left out the Diablos Rojos del Mexico . Those were the first competitive squad banana Tabasco and featured players like Rommel Canada, Arturo Bernal, Arturo Bernal and Joel Orquendo Ismael Serna on offense, bolstered by the pitching of Mike Nagy, American pitcher who became an idol for entity, as well as Hector "Colmoyote" Madrigal, Roberto Ochoa, among others, however, were eliminated quickly in the priority Playoffs by champions ultimately Angeles de Puebla .
After the outstanding `79, expectations of better times for the organization were great, however, with the passage of time, the situation came to season after season less, but never spared to try to build good resources brackets, as shown by the recruitment of players of the caliber of Luis Tiant, Carlos "chamfer" Lopez, Ramon Arano , Alfredo "Lefty" Ortiz, Jesus Sommers. However, the results were not reflected in the field, and in 1984, when Julian Manzur, then president of the club, decide to dispose of the franchise and had to come to rescue the prominent farmer Humberto Tapia.
Ranchers.
With the arrival of Tapia, Battle name was changed, turned Ranchers, ninth that although neither could be stuck at the top, it was always a tough opponent for the rest of the sets.
There were several moments in that stage. In 1987, he managed the hiring of Steve Howe, a former pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers.l Their arrival caused expectation was a player that was significantly above the circuit, with only thirteen games was recalled by the Rangers Texas , but his brief collide land he called wide attention for all baseball fans.
Another important moment in the short history of Tabasco Cattlemen occurred in 1989. American Speedy Mike Cole set a new record in stolen bases, one hundred in total, displacing Donald Carter. That year, under the leadership of Ramón Montoya (Diablo), were on the verge of getting the ticket to the postseason, but a poor tour of Campeche and Yucatán in the final straight, the turn away from the opportunity.
The Olmecs.
In 1990, the franchise suffered another change in ownership and total renovation. The popular "Beto" Tapia Leaving the scene decides to professional baseball and other fans of the "King of Sports" in this case Don Diego and Carlos Rosillo Palavicini Elijah Dagdug, take charge, and the nickname changed to "Olmec". The first seasons, up to 92 to be more precise, the situation does not change much compared to previous years, flashes without reaching the coveted pass to the next round
Olmec Champions 1993.
Everything changed for the better in that year of 1993. Juan Navarrete took over the fate of the team and based primarily on recruiting wise foreign reinforcements, Rafael de Lima, Alexis Infante, Rusty Tillman and Todd Brown, coupled with pitching first class, broke a drought of fourteen years of not appearing in the postseason, and not only that, since the amazement of friends and strangers, got the title of the summer ball.
That season was a dream, after a shaky start, losing the first five games of the season and that foreigners were not responding, getting to have a tour of the north of 8 games lost, they managed to lift the team, he also had a streak winner of 11 consecutive games won, which team lifting frame, which certainly served some players to keep the job.
Already in the postseason, left on the road to rival the likes of Capital Tigers (now Tigres de Quintana Roo ), Mexico City Red Devils in the final and defeated the Owls of the Two Laredos .
The serpentine Cecilio Ruiz, Ricardo Osuna and Emigdio Lopez, Salvador Backed Colorado, Edgardo Saldana Retes and Ramon Lorenzo Serna, were essential to achieve that much coveted title.
Then came pouring accolades, Don Diego Rosillo was named Executive of the Year and Pitcher of the Year Ricardo Osuna, among other appointments. The 93 championship was a watershed, but has not managed to repeat the feat, Tabasco has been characterized by being in the top of the south and are constant appearances on Playoffs .
The manager Orlando Sanchez contemplates his players before leaving the field during the team presentation at the Foro Sol at the start of the first round of the 2007 playoffs against the Red Devils of Mexico.
Champion Team Line Up 1993:
1. - Rafael de Lima CF
Two. - Alexis Infante SS
Three. - Leo Valenzuela RF
April. - Todd Brown BD
May. - Horacio "Pachyderm" Valenzuela 1B
June. - Rusty Tillman LF
July. - Julian "Chino" Wong 2B
August. - Elisha Garzon R
9. - Herminio Saiz 3B.
Pitchers (outstanding):
Cecilio Ruiz, Emigdio Lopez, Ricardo Osuna, Ramon Serna, Salvador Colorado.
Manager:
Juan Navarrete.

</doc>
<doc id="18631923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631923" title="Charles Hosmer Morse">
Charles Hosmer Morse

Charles Hosmer Morse (September 23, 1833–May 5, 1921) was founder of Fairbanks-Morse corporation, co-founder of the city of Winter Park, Florida and one of the founders and first trustees of Rollins College. 
Morse was born at St. Johnsbury, Vermont. He graduated from St. Johnsbury Academy in 1850. Shortly after graduation he joined his uncle, Zelotus Hosmer, in the Boston office of E. & T. Fairbanks, marketing platform scales. He was promoted to the New York office, and then to Chicago. He established the firm of Fairbanks, Morse & Company in 1866. In the 1880s, he became one of the earliest residents of Winter Park, Florida, and retired there permanently in 1915.
Morse was a prominent developer in Chicago, for whom Morse Avenue in far-north Rogers Park takes its name.
The Elizabeth Morse Charitable Trust was created in the memory of his daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18631943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631943" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottar

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kottar () is a diocese located at Kottar in the city of Nagercoil in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu. It comes under the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18631953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18631953" title="Cook Islands at the Commonwealth Games">
Cook Islands at the Commonwealth Games

The Cook Islands has competed in seven of the Commonwealth Games.
Medal tally.
The Cook Islands is unranked on the all-time medal tally of the Commonwealth Games, having never won a medal.
History.
The Cook Islands first participated in the 1974 Commonwealth Games held at Christchurch, New Zealand, missed the 1978 and 1982 games but has participated in all the games from 1986

</doc>
<doc id="18632004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632004" title="Junkers J 2">
Junkers J 2

The Junkers J 2 was the first all-metal aircraft intended as a dedicated military aircraft design, the first all-metal aircraft meant to be a fighter aircraft, and was the direct descendant of the pioneering J 1 all-metal aircraft technology demonstrator design of 1915.
Development.
Only some two weeks after the last known recorded flight, on 18 January 1916, of the J 1 "technology demonstrator" design of 1915, the Junkers firm had impressed one "Hauptmann" Felix Wagenführ, head of "IdFlieg"s influential "Prüfanstalt und Werft der Fliegertruppe" ("Test Establishment and Workshop of the Aviation Troops") department, abbreviated "PuW", enough for "Hauptmann" Wagenführ to submit a contract to the Junkers firm for six all-metal monoplanes, meant to be fighter prototypes, with each to be powered with the Mercedes D.II inline engine (as the J 1 had been), armed with one 7.92 mm (.312 in) lMG 08/15 "Spandau" synchronized machine gun, and bearing "IdFlieg" serial numbers E.250/16 to E.255/16. The desired specifications were for an aircraft that had:
The "IdFlieg" contract for the ordered aircraft also specified that "the greatest maneuverability and nimbleness in flight must be achieved by the aircraft", a possible concern by the German governmental agency, over the usage of the heavy electrical steel sheet metal that made up the earlier J 1's structure. "Herr" Junkers began wind tunnel and design work promptly upon receipt of the contract paperwork, and eventually, by the end of the spring of 1916, an aircraft emerged from Junkers' Dessau workshops that was much more streamlined in appearance than the J 1 had been.
Advanced design features.
The J 2 airframe that emerged from the Dessau workshops had an evolved appearance from the J 1, as the fuselage nose now almost completely enclosed the Mercedes D.II engine, except for the open top of the cowling. The J 2's fuselage structure had rounded dorsal and ventral contours, instead of the boxlike right angles of the J 1, possessed a narrower and deeper ventral "belly" radiator enclosure, and used a horizontal stabilizer planform shape that would become familiar on later, all-duralumin Junkers monoplane designs to be built during 1917-18. The "all-moving" rudder still possessed no fixed fin, like the J 1. A faired-in headrest was provided for, as well as a "roll bar" placed above the headrest for additional pilot protection in case of the aircraft flipping on its back during a crash landing. The J 2's landing gear was of the usual vee-type, but a bit taller than the J 1's had been, with the upper ends of the legs anchoring not onto the fuselage "corners" as on the J 1, but on the first wing rib "bay" beyond the wing root, with a long tailskid that emerged from the lower rear fuselage directly below the stabilizer's leading edge root location. The wings had at least three different airfoil changes running from root-to-tip, and had sections of them electrically roll-welded for stronger, more continuous bonding for greater strength. The resulting aircraft was intended to be smaller than the J 1 demonstrator, but with its steel structure, it almost equalled the J 1's completed weight.
One feature pioneered in the J 2, that would also be used in later all-metal monoplanes designed and built by Junkers in World War I, was a "unitized" forward fuselage structural concept, combining the framing of the engine mount, wing roots and cockpit framing into one central integral structure.
Operational history.
The first production example of the J.2, with IdFlieg serial number E.250/16, was delivered to Adlershof (near Berlin, the home of Germany's first airfield) on 2 July 1916, and started its "IdFlieg"-mandated static load testing. Otto Mader, one of the J 2's designers, then promised the "IdFlieg" agency that the following example, serialled E.251/16, would have even greater structural strength than the E.250's airframe possessed. "Leutnant" Theodor Mallinckrodt, the pilot that had first "hopped" the earlier J 1 some seven months previously, took the E.251/16 example up for the J 2 design's maiden flight on 11 July 1916. Mallinckrodt gave the E.251 example that he flew a good overall evaluation, judging it as "very maneuverable", with good turning qualities and safe aerodynamic behavior. A short time later, "IdFlieg" test pilots "Unteroffiziers" Wendeler, and Max Schade, began "wringing out" the six examples of the J 2 as they arrived at Adlershof for their full range of flight evaluation tests.
"Unteroffizier" Schade would eventually take one of the test aircraft on a flight from Berlin (most likely from the government's Adlershof/Johannisthal facility) to Dessau later in the summer of 1916, achieving the then-high speed of 180 km/h (112 mph) with the aircraft, which was some 16 km/h (10 mph) faster than the contemporary French Nieuport 11, but as the J 2 test aircraft still seemed to come up short in climbing performance tests, when evaluated against wood structure designs, like the then brand-new, Robert Thelen-designed Albatros D.I aircraft, the steel structure of the J 2 made it just too heavy to be able to compete in air combat over the Front.
At least one example (E.253/16) of the J 2 was fitted with slightly longer wings and matching longer ailerons, possibly in an effort to decrease the wing loading of the initial J 2 design, and another tested "upgrade" to the J 2s under test was to fit at least one of the aircraft with the then-new 119 kW (160 hp) Mercedes D.III engine, and one of the J 2s so equipped achieved an amazing-for-the-time 200 km/h (124 mph) at full throttle in testing.
Shortcomings of an "iron aircraft".
Despite the attempts to improve the J 2's performance and handling, by late in the summer of 1916 Hugo Junkers had come to the realization that the continued use of sheet electrical steel was no longer practical for aircraft construction, writing in his diary that:
""As a result of the first (J 1) and second (J 2) aircraft, one would ascertain that the aerodynamic efficiency was very good. We thought we" Junkers designers "were over the hill. This, unfortunately, was not the case. We had to start again from the very beginning. The reason was that in spite of the favorable horizontal speed, the aircraft could not meet the military climb specifications...we had to develop an aircraft that not only had low drag for ease of maneuver in the horizontal plane, but that could climb well-an aircraft with a low weight to power ratio...
"...This could not be achieved with iron, and we had to choose a new material...light-weight metal. But not only the choice of iron had resulted in high weight. We had built too heavy because we wanted a safe aircraft and partially because we had not extracted the optimum structural strength from the material"."
"Unteroffizier" Schade, after making the record Berlin-Dessau flight, would later lose his life in a crash, from entering a spin on 23 September 1916 in one of the J 2s, and this event, combined with the substandard climbing performance of the J 2 series of test aircraft, caused "IdFlieg" to withdraw any further governmental support (effectively ending the J 2's contract) for the Junkers firm's advanced monoplane designs until a lighter metal, such as duralumin, was selected for such designs. The first attempt to use duralumin for airframe construction by the Junkers firm was the never-completed J 3 mid-wing, rotary engine-powered, aluminum tubing fuselage single-seat monoplane design, of which only the corrugated sheet duralumin-covered wing structures and "bare" tubular fuselage framing, primarily as an engineering exercise, were finished shortly before the end of 1916.
It is also thought that the contrasting promise of the advanced, low drag features of the Junkers monoplane aircraft designs, versus the Junkers firm's usage of experimental non-traditional sheet metal materials, and the firm's habit of almost constant experimentation obstructing any future hope of producing its advanced designs for the "Luftstreitkräfte", compelled "IdFlieg" to create the "Junkers-Fokker Aktiengesellschaft", abbreviated as "Jfa" and pronounced as if spelled "iefa" in German, on 20 October 1917, to allow Anthony Fokker, who even flew one of the J 2 aircraft in tests late in December 1916, to improve the future producibility of the advanced designs of the Junkers firm.

</doc>
<doc id="18632005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632005" title="Cape Thompson">
Cape Thompson

Cape Thompson is a headland on the Chukchi Sea coast of Alaska. It is located 26 miles to the southeast of Point Hope, Arctic Slope. It is part of the Chukchi Sea unit of Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge.
Early Inuit names for this cape were "Eebrulikgorruk" and "Uivaq", also spelled "Wevuk" or "Wevok." Cape Thompson was often referred to as "Unvaq Qanitoq," meaning "near cape," as opposed to "Univaq Ungasiktoq" (Cape Lisburne) meaning "distant cape." 
The first recorded Europeans to sight this cape were Russian explorers Mikhail Vasiliev and Gleb Shishmaryov of the Imperial Russian Navy on the ships "Otkrietie" and "Blagonamierennie". Vasiliev and Shishmaryov named this headland Mys Rikord, after Peter Ivanovich Rikord (1776–1855), who was Governor of Kamchatka between 1817 and 1822. 
This cape was later renamed by Captain Frederick William Beechey of the Royal Navy, who wrote on August 2, 1826: ""We closed with a high cape, which I named after Mr. Deas Thomson, one of the commissioners of the navy.""
In 1958 Cape Thompson was the proposed site for an artificial harbor to be dug using hydrogen bombs via Project Chariot.

</doc>
<doc id="18632011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632011" title="Marianne Stokes">
Marianne Stokes

Marianne Stokes (1855 Graz, Styria – August 1927 London), born Marianne Preindlsberger in the Austrian province of Styria, was an Austrian painter. She settled in England after her marriage to Adrian Scott Stokes (1854–1935), the landscape painter, whom she had met in Pont-Aven. Marianne Stokes was considered one of the leading artists in Victorian England.
Preindlsberger first studied in Munich under Lindenschmidt and having been awarded a scholarship for her first picture, 'Muttergluck', she worked in France under Pascal Adolphe Jean Dagnan-Bouveret (1852–1929), Colin and Gustave Courtois (1853–1923). She painted in the countryside and Paris, and, as with many other young painters, fell under the spell of the rustic naturalist Jules Bastien-Lepage. Her style continued to show his influence even when her subject matter changed from rustic to medieval romantic and biblical. While in France she met the Finnish painter Helene Schjerfbeck, in whose company she visited Pont-Aven in 1883.
Her first salon painting, 'Reflection', which had been painted in Brittany, was exhibited in 1885 at the Royal Academy. Her work was also shown at the Grosvenor Gallery, New Gallery, and the Society of British Artists and in 1885, a year after her marriage, she took to using the name 'Mrs. Adrian Stokes'.
Together with her husband, sahe spent the summers of 1885 and 1886 at Skagen in the far north of Denmark where there was an artists' colony which became known as the Skagen Painters. There the couple struck up a close friendship with Michael and Anna Ancher.
She held a joint exhibition with her husband at the Fine Art Society in 1900. The Stokes' lived in St Ives where Marianne was a member of the Newlyn School. Having no children, they regularly travelled abroad, frequently to the Tyrol, and in 1905 to Hungary and the High Tatra. Here they spent about half a year sketching and painting in the villages of Važec, Mengusovce and Ždiar. Adrian Stokes concentrated on landscapes with images of hay-harvesting and picturesque cottages, while Marianne Stokes painted portraits showing fine detail of the garments. These paintings provide a valuable record of the Slovak culture.
After abandoning oils, and inspired by the Pre-Raphaelite movement, she painted flat compositions in tempera and gesso, her paintings giving the impression of being frescoes on plaster surfaces. She was an Associate of the Royal Society of Painters in Water Colours.

</doc>
<doc id="18632025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632025" title="Biloxi Yacht Club">
Biloxi Yacht Club

The Biloxi Yacht Club (BYC) is located in Biloxi, Mississippi on the shores of the Mississippi Sound. The BYC is a founding member of the Gulf Yachting Association, as well as the Mississippi Coast Yachting Association. Established in 1849, it is the fourth oldest yacht club in the United States.
The object of this Club shall be to promote yachting in the vicinity of Biloxi in particular and along the Gulf of Mexico in general; and to do whatever may be consistent in such promotion, such as owning and renting boats, owning and leasing a clubhouse, and owning and leasing property, conducting regattas, entertaining, etc., and in general to do whatever is consistent with the operation of a yacht club.
Club history.
While it was previously thought the Biloxi Yacht Club was established in 1888, additional research undertaken by the Club in 2000 revealed a much earlier date, at least 1849. From the Biloxi Yacht Club resolution:
The mid-19th century were remembered also as the organizational time for Gulf sailing activities. With many families along the coast owning yachts—a vessel with sails, emphasized a Down South magazine story in its May–June, 1976, issue—a group of men met in Pass Christian in 1849 and formed the Southern Yacht Club Association. A clubhouse was erected that same year at West End on Lake Pontchartrain. Southern Yacht Club at once gave sailing the impetus it needed. Soon, members were sailing their yachts from New Orleans to Point Clear, Ala. Eastern Shore Yacht Club, and also organized races between these points. As Biloxi was a thriving city midway between Mobile and New Orleans, its importance in yachting history was assured. The seafood cannery owners saw in the visitors' regattas a means of using their large fleets of schooners during the off season. Their fasted boats were finely tuned and raced, leading to a regular weekend schedule of races through the months of July and August.
The following description of the clubhouse is from an early account found in a booklet given to the Biloxi Library by the late Jacinto Baltar, prominent businessman, banker and civic leader.
At last, there were serene years ahead for BYC. But, alas, it was only the calm before the storm. And, what a storm! The eye of a hurricane passed over the club in 1915, leaving only splintered pilings and a reminder of the once-lavish yachting showplace. Again, in July 1916, a hurricane brushed the club, but the new edifice, built just east of the old clubhouse with similar lines, stood tall. Saved, for the most part, was BYC's $3,500 clubhouse investment! "The only loss," Quave reported, "was loose lumber and tools amounting to $250."
A charter member of the Southern Gulf Coast Yachting Association on April 28, 1901, along with Bay Waveland, Mobile, Southern, and Pass Christian, Biloxi Yacht Club found itself cast in that role again in 1920. As competition increased first among neighboring and then more distant clubs, pressure built to organize for the purpose of scheduling regattas the breadth of the Gulf Coast. And, so in 1920 the Gulf Yachting Association was born. It also was proposed that a boat be designed and adopted by each club for club competition in order for all to compete evenly. A gaff-rigged keel sloop was the result, designed by Commodore J. Rathbone deBuys of Southern Yacht Club and to be known as a "Fish Boat." The popular sloop remained the official competitive boat of the GYA until 1967 when high maintenance and replacement costs nudged member clubs into retiring the "Fish Class" in favor of a fiberglass equivalent. Eventually, after much heated debate between Fish Class sentimentalists and those proffering what they claimed was a more practical solution, the Flying Scot was accepted as the new GYA standard bearer.
It wasn't until 1969, however that Biloxians would fully appreciate a hurricane. That was the year the BYC elected to renovate the now aging facility. The story could not be told more eloquently that by Historian Murfee in her Lee Sheet column:
It is small wonder that a group of energetic members were continuing their work remodeling the upper floor of the clubhouse for a gala opening that would feature and art exhibit and a fashion show in a large room suitable for meetings and other events while a storm, named Camille, was flirting along a path to the coast but until the last minute seemed to be headed for Panama City, Florida, that fateful day in August, 1969.
A different picture awaited the members on that grim morning after. The old familiar landmark was now gone forever. But the Biloxi Yacht Club would come back to life.
All the while the club stalwarts were considering their options, looking into all possibilities, and in time the El Capitan Lounge, swimming pool and marina of the Trade Winds Hotel became available. With some trepidation and much discussion, pro and con, the Biloxi Yacht Club, with an SBA 3% loan of $239,000 had a new home.
In August, 2005, Hurricane Katrina destroyed the organizations clubhouse. Prominent local Architect and long time club member Walter "Buzzy" Bolton, Bolton & Associates, started the design of the new Biloxi Yacht Club and construction began in 2007. The new clubhouse opened April, 2009.
Regattas.
Once every 7 years the club hosts the MCYA's Chapman Regatta and the GYA/MCYA's Race Week Regatta.
GYA's Gulf Ocean Racing Circuit
The Jerry Ellis Junior Regatta
The Biloxi Invitational Regatta
The Biloxi Mayor's Cup Regatta
Wednesday Night Racing
Sailing History.
Organizing, reorganizing, building and rebuilding spacious club house facilities was a lot easier than establishing themselves as masters of the fine are of competitive sailing in the GYA the Biloxians were to discover. Perhaps that was because of their fiercely independent nature. "Biloxi fishermen neither know nor care anything about rules," Gerald Taylor White, famous for his America's Cup coverage, wrote in the 1926 The Rudder. "If a boat is in your way, you sail over her or through her at your own discretion." However, he added quickly, "For seamanship and snappy sail handling, we enter the Biloxi fishermen for world honors."
And, so it was for 17 years BYC participated in what must have seemed an exercise in futility. Through 1936, seven clubs had figured in the win column, Pensacola, captor of the inaugural in 1920, sailing off with six Sir Thomas Jr. Lipton Interclub Challenge Series Victories. Other champions were Sarasota in 1930, '31 and '32, Eastern Shore, '21, Southern Yacht Club, '25, Mobile, '28, and Buccaneer, '34. In 1922 and again in '27, Southern and Pensacola tied, and Eastern Shore and St. Petersburg wound up all even in 1926.
BYC's Junior Program, meanwhile enjoyed only brief period in the sun, but it was a scorcher. After Southern's victories in the first two Junior Lipton Interclub Challenge Regattas, and a World War II - imposed four-year Series lapse, BYC's youngsters stormed back to capture the Lipton Cup in 1947, '48 and '49.
BYC's most notable team sailing achievement, it could be argued, came in an event to encourage the sport among the fairer sex. In 1938, Commodore Bernie Knost of Pass Christian Yacht Club offered an elaborate trophy to the winner of an all-girl three-race interclub series hosted by his organization. The event was an immediate hit and has remained a highlight among Gulf sailing activities. With its large number of Skipperettes to draw from, most notable Joyce Fountain Wiltz, Janet Ferson Green, Beatrice Kennedy and Emily Joullian Dale, BYC over the years has compiled the second best record, winning the Knost nine times. Only Pass, with 11 victories, has done better. In addition to her Knost heroics, Joyce in 1949 became the first girl in the history of BYC to earn a skipper's position on the club's Lipton team.
The BYC also hosted several PHRF (Performance Handicapped Racing Fleet) events. The BYC was host to the GYA's Gulf Ocean Racing Series during the 1990s and early first decade of the 21st century, the GCYA (Gulf Coast Yachting Association) Round the Sound Series, which started at the Singing River Yacht Club (Pascagoula, MS) traveled to the Gulfport Yacht Club, and ended at the Biloxi Yacht Club. This series was transformed into the Biloxi Summer Series. The club also hosted a Leukemia Cup and the GYA Offshore Race in 2002.
Off the race course, BYC also has an impressive record. Seven of its members have held the lofty position of Gulf Yachting Association Commodore—Dr. Eldon Bolton, Wallace Chapman, Jerry J. Ellis, Byrd Enochs, J.J. Kennedy, J.P. Moore and Walter Seymour.
GYA Past Commodores.
J.J. Kennedy, 1903
Byrd Enochs, 1921
J.P. Moore, 1922
Wallace Chapman, 1946
Walter Seymour, 1963
Elton Bolton, MD, 1973
Jerry J. Ellis, 1984
MCYA Past Elected Commodores.
Robbie Schmidt, 1998
Jerry Ellis, 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18632029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632029" title="Henry Bruce">
Henry Bruce

Henry Bruce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632033" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Palayamkottai">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Palayamkottai

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Palayamkottai () is a diocese located in the city of Palayamkottai in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18632039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632039" title="Examination for Architects in Canada">
Examination for Architects in Canada

The Examination for Architects in Canada, or ExAC, is a professional licensure examination for architects in most of Canada. It has been adopted by all of the Canadian Licensing Authorities. It is an alternative to the Architect Registration Examination maintained by the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB).
The governing body for the ExAC is the Pan-Canadian ExAC Committee.
The first examination was held on November 17 & 18, 2008.
Sections.
The contents of each of the ExAC sections are as follows:
ExAC Section 1
ExAc Section 2
ExAC Section 3
ExAC Section 4

</doc>
<doc id="18632056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632056" title="Goh Soo Khim">
Goh Soo Khim

Goh Soo Khim () is a Singaporean ballerina and a highly respected doyen in Singapore’s dance scene. She is also the co-founder / Artistic Director of Singapore Dance Theatre, as well as being the elder sister of late ballet maestro Goh Choo San. She is also credited for the development of ballet in Singapore, and for nurturing many successful dancers under her tutelage, to become successful dancers, soloists and even choreographers over the years.
Goh is born into a family of well-known dancers and teachers, and received her early training at the Singapore Ballet Academy (SBA) under the Academy’s her elder sister Goh Soo Nee (吴素妮), and the other founding directors, Frances Poh and Vernon Martinus. In 1964 Goh furthered her professional training in Australia, as the first Asian to be admitted into the all-white Australian Ballet School. Returning to Singapore upon her graduation from Australian Ballet School, Goh joined her sister as a principal trainer at the Ballet Academy. She was also a Principal dancer of the Academy, and performed many solo performances. In 1971, Goh assumed the responsibilities of Director and Principal of the Academy. In 1977, Goh represented Singapore in the 2nd ASEAN Radio and Television Cultural Exchange Programme, and in 1978 choreographed the performance "Temple Tone Poem". It was her maiden choreography, and in 1980 choreographed again in the "Goodbye Again" (1980). Her specially commissioned works, Dilemma and Five Emotions, were premiered at the 1982 Singapore Arts Festival.
Goh was appointed Co-Artistic Director by the then Ministry of Culture in 1984, to nurture the Ballet Group of the National Dance Company. The group performed her specially commissioned ballet, Environmental Phases, which won acclaim for its originality in the 5th ASEAN Festival of Performing Arts in 1985. Goh collaborated with Anthony Then to produce At The Ballet and Ballet Premiere for the Singapore Festival of Arts in 1984 and 1986.
Her first choreography for the SDT was Brahm’s Sentiments, which premiered in the company’s second season. In 1990, she restaged Environmental Phases for SDT in a celebratory concert for Singapore’s 25th Anniversary. More recently, Goh has been actively providing opportunities for dancers to develop their potential as choreographers.She had been invited to adjudicate ballet competitions in Malaysia, Indonesia and is also on the international panel for the Asia Pacific Ballet Competition in Japan since 1991. She became the first Asian representative to be invited as a jury member for the prestigious "Benois de la Danse Prix" in Moscow in April 2003.
Goh was awarded the prestigious Cultural Medallion in 1981 and the National Day Public Service Medal in 1989 for her outstanding contributions to the development of dance in Singapore. In 2002, she was awarded a Fellowship of LASALLE-SIA College of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18632059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632059" title="Bukkanodus">
Bukkanodus

Bukkanodus is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Early Devonian period (Pragian stage, about 407 to 411 million years ago). "Bukkanodus" have been found in Victoria, Australia, and described in 2007 by palaeontologist Zerina Johanson "et al." in "Journal of Paleontology".

</doc>
<doc id="18632083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632083" title="Jenaro Pindú">
Jenaro Pindú

Jenaro Pindú (1946–1993) was a prominent cartoonist, sculptor and architect of Paraguay. He was a student of Hermann Guggiari, one of the best-known Paraguayan sculptors of the twentieth century.
Trajectory.
His long career in the Paraguayan art world stretched from 1966 until 1983. 
Ticio Escobar, the most important art critic in Paraguay, wrote about Pindú in 1983: "Today is already almost a truism to say that the 70's began with a predominance of drawing and the exhibition in the Gallery Pindú Miro may serve as the parameter and the beginning of that heyday… " 
Livio Abramo, a master engraver, said: "... Pindú is one of the most capable artists of Paraguay-current, lyrical and dramatic at the same time-creating architectural structures laden with symbolism and transforming the human sense of latent, tight aggressiveness that comes from your subconscious in a world where his art, already solidly mature, provides us with an unexpected surprise and lyrical visions."
Distinctions.
He received, among other major awards, the following: "Honorable Mention" in the Visual Arts Competition ACFA (1966), "Second Prize" in the Story Contest organized by the newspaper La Tribuna (1973); "Award for Guest Honor" at the Second Biennial Maldonado (Uruguay) (1977) and" Grand Prix" at the Third Biennial Maldonado (1979)
Works.
He was a prolific artist, and his collection of ink drawings and engravings is huge. Most of these samples of his talent have no title and are in major museums Paraguay and the world and in private collections. 
As an architect he designed both homes and commercial buildings that are both intrinsically works of art while retaining a distinct style and daring.

</doc>
<doc id="18632097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632097" title="Common Good (disambiguation)">
Common Good (disambiguation)

Common good is a political and philosophical concept.
Common Good may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632107" title="Prisoner of the Daleks">
Prisoner of the Daleks

Prisoner of the Daleks is a BBC Books original novel written by Trevor Baxendale and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor without a companion and was released on 2 April 2009, alongside "Judgement of the Judoon" and "The Slitheen Excursion".
Synopsis.
The TARDIS arrives on the planet Hurala. Whilst investigating the deserted site the Doctor makes his way to the base's computer data core room, where he is locked inside by the computer along with the corpse of another person previously trapped inside.
Five days later, the bounty hunter ship "Wayfarer" lands on the planet, its crew of five hoping to use the fuel stores to refuel their ship. They soon come across the TARDIS, and then hear a repeating tapping noise. One of them, called Scrum, realises that it's a Morse code SOS message. They quickly trace it to the computer data core room where they find and free the Doctor, who has been sending it out with a spoon. On the insistence of the Doctor and another of the bounty hunters, Stella, the group investigate the computer's systems. They discover an override which, when activated, took control of the base and trapped the Doctor. Someone had used the computer to set a trap. Who did is soon answered when the group are attacked by a Dalek patrol.
The Doctor and the bounty hunters, who now reveal that they kill Daleks for a living, race back to the "Wayfarer", escape to the TARDIS being blocked by Daleks. They manage to take off but the Daleks blow up a refuelling pump, sending debris flying into the ship through the open landing ramp, badly wounding Stella. As the crew attempt to put her into cryo-freeze a Dalek manages to get into the ship through an air-lock, and exterminates Stella. Before it can kill anyone else the Doctor freezes it using the emergency cryo-charge intended for Stella. With the Dalek immobilised Stella's body is also frozen and the crew make a course for Auros, Stella's home world. On the way, the Dalek's eye stalk is removed so that the crew can claim the prize-money for killing it, and it is placed in the cargo hold. Whilst talking with the crew the Doctor realises that he's travelled back along the time line to before the Time War. At this point in history the Daleks are locked in a huge galactic war with Earth's first empire, at a moment when victory can go either way. The Doctor also learns more about the crew. Commanding the ship is Bowman, a former Earth trooper who has been fighting the Daleks for years and is a veteran of the Draconian Wars. Scrum is the crew's technician, Cuttin' Edge is a former Space Marine who was dishonorably discharged and Stella was the ship's Medic. The other crew member, Koral, is a humanoid alien whose planet and people of Red Sky Lost were destroyed by the Daleks.
Upon arriving at Auros the Doctor and the crew discover that the planet's population are abandoning the planet as the Daleks are preparing to invade. Using the Osterhagen Principle, they detonate a series of nuclear bombs and destroy the planet to prevent it falling to the Daleks. The Doctor and Bowman realise that the Daleks will now ambush the retreating convoy. They try to warn them but before they can the Daleks arrive, forcing the convoy to surrender and destroying its flagship as a warning to the other ships.
Furious at the loss of Stella and her home world, the crew of the "Wayfarer" decide to interrogate the captured Dalek. With the Doctor's reluctant help they disarm it, and then Koral uses its claws to open the casing. They then remove the creature inside and torture it, despite the Doctor's protests. Eventually they give up when the Dalek tells them nothing. After they've left the cargo hold, however, the Doctor returns and reveals to the dying Dalek who he is. The Dalek, amongst its predictable ranting, lets slip that the Daleks plan to 'eliminate all humanity from its very beginnings!' Eventually the Dalek dies, and the Doctor works out what it meant.
He reveals to the crew that the Daleks must be looking for the Arkeon Threshold, a schism in time and space which, if opened, will give the Daleks access to the Time Vortex. Deciding that the Doctor is telling the truth, Bowman orders the crew to head for the remains of the planet Arkeon, which had been destroyed at the start of the war.
When they arrive they find that the planet has been split in two, with the surviving half still retaining a breathable atmosphere. The "Wayfarer" lands and the Doctor and the crew disembark. Whilst looking round the devastated landscape they encounter dozens of mutated Arkeonites, devolved by the radiation fallout. They chase the crew to the very edge of the planet, where they are captured by Daleks. After destroying their weapons the Daleks force the Doctor and the crew onto a lift, which descends down the side of the planet towards they core. Here the Doctor discovers that the Daleks, far from searching for Arkeon, have been on the planet for years. They have constructed a huge underground base where thousands of human prisoners from Auros are mining the core, looking for the Threshold. The base also contains experimentation labs, and the largest Dalek Prison outside of Skaro.
The Doctor and the crew are taken into the base where they are scanned for 'suitability'. Scrum is found to be of marginal use. Cuttin' Edge and Koral are both sentenced to work in the mines. When Bowman is scanned it is discovered that he is in fact 'Space Major Jon Bowman', the designer of Earth's defence system and high on the Dalek's list of wanted people, causing the commander to be alerted. Upon being told by the Command Dalek that Bowman will be taken for brain excoriation, which will kill him, Koral, who is secretly in love with Bowman, lashes out at the nearest Dalek. In retaliation the Daleks kill Scrum, the weakest member of the group. As the Daleks prepare to take Bowman away the Doctor stops them and whispers something to the Command Dalek. The Command Dalek, suddenly terrified, orders two of its minions to scan the Doctor. They immediately identity him and prepare to exterminate him. The Doctor persuades them to interrogate him first, however. News of the Doctor's capture is sent to the Supreme Dalek on Skaro, who sends the Primary Intelligence Unit, led by the Dalek Inquisitor General, to interrogate the Doctor.
Cuttin' Edge and Koral are sent to work in the mines, replacing a group that is exterminated for being too slow. The Doctor is placed in the same cell as Bowman, who reveals to him that the Dalek Inquisitor General, called 'Dalek X' by the Earth authorities, is second in command to the Supreme Dalek and is described as being 'the Devil in Dalek form'. Dalek X accepts his Earth designation to cause fear. Dalek X arrives at Arkeon aboard the "Exterminator", the Dalek Empire's most advanced ship, containing 500 Daleks and accompanied by a small fleet of Dalek saucers. Upon arrival Dalek X takes over command of the base, and exterminates one of the its mining Daleks for failing to meet its target. He then orders that every hour the weakest group of workers will be exterminated. Soon after the Doctor is brought to the interrogation room, where Dalek X measures the Doctor's capacity for physical pain using a mind probe, simply out of curiosity. Dalek X reveals he gave the order to destroy the Auros Ship. After an unknown length of time in pain the Doctor is released from the mind probe, and shown around the base by Dalek X. Meanwhile the "Wayfarer" is destroyed, and Bowman is taken to have his brain removed.
Dalek X reveals to the Doctor that once the planetary core has been extracted, the Daleks will locate the Threshold using a Large Chronon Collider. They will then open it, access the time vortex and defeat the Time Lords. There is a chance that the collider won't work properly, however. To ensure success the Daleks need a control element; the Doctor's TARDIS. The Doctor refuse to co-operate, but the Daleks threaten to exterminate a woman and her daughter from Cuttin' Edge's and Koral's work force if he doesn't comply. Eventually, the Doctor agrees to help, but under the condition that Cuttin' Edge, Koral and Bowman come with them to help him operate the TARDIS. The Daleks agree and Bowman is released, just before he is about to be killed. The Doctor tries to have the Woman and her daughter taken as well, but the Daleks refuse.
The "Exterminator" and its escort fleet head for Hurala, with the Doctor, the surviving "Wayfarer" crew members and the Dalek Temporal Research Team on board. When they reach the TARDIS the Doctor claims to have lost the Key, saying it is in the room he was locked up in at the Dalek Base. As they head for it, Cuttin' Edge recognises the identification symbol on one of the Daleks. It is the same one that killed Scrum. He lashes out at it, knocking it down the steps, and is exterminated by Dalek X, though he pulls another Dalek into the ray, destroying it. The Doctor, Koral and Bowman use the distraction to escape into a maintenance duct.
After escaping the Doctor reveals his plan. There is still enough astronic energy fuel on the planet to cause a huge explosion. If they can detonate it they can destroy Dalek X, the Temporal Research Team and the orbiting Dalek fleet. They make their way to a silo that still contains fuel, and the Doctor starts to rig it to explode. Dalek X, enraged by the Doctor's escape, catches up with them and prepares to exterminate the Doctor. Dalek X is attacked by Koral and Bowman, who eventually disable it and push it over the edge of the gantry they are standing on. The Doctor is nearly finished, but realises that he can't stop the safety override by remote control. Someone will have to stay behind and hold the manual override lever down until the silo reaches critical. Bowman volunteers to stay behind, refusing to leave despite protests from Koral. Eventually he knocks out the protesting Koral so that the Doctor can take her back to the TARDIS and safety. The Doctor and Koral make it into the TARDIS just as the Daleks arrive. In the silo Bowman holds the lever down as the Daleks approach, and as the whole base beings to shake the Daleks retreat. Finally the silo reaches critical mass and Bowman prepares to face death. He is saved at the last second by the Doctor, however, who materialises the TARDIS on the gantry. Bowman leaps into the TARDIS just as the Command Dalek tries to exterminate him. A second later the silo explodes, killing every Dalek on Hurala, as well as destroying the "Exterminator" and its escort fleet.
Back on Earth Bowman and Koral report to the Earth authorities. They learn that the Dalek fleet is in complete disarray thanks to them, and a task force is preparing to attack the Dalek base on Arkeon and release the prisoners. The Doctor leaves as Bowman and Koral prepare to go and meet Bowman's parents.
The Doctor travels to Hurala, where it has been sealed off for 5,000 years due the radiation fallout. There he finds Dalek X, badly damaged but still alive at the bottom of a pit. The Doctor informs it that Arkeon has been taken by the Earth forces, the Daleks are in full retreat on all fronts and that he has sealed off the Threshold. The radiation will help Dalek X keep alive, but by the time the Quarantine is over Dalek X will be dead. Regardless of the Doctor's revelations, Dalek X rants that the Daleks are never defeated. The Doctor replies that the Daleks are always defeated, because they can never accept that every other form of life in the Universe is better than the Daleks. To prove this the Doctor points out that there is no form of life in the Universe that would volunteer to be a Dalek. As the Doctor prepares to leave Dalek X vows to hunt him down. The Doctor responds by simply stating that he'll be waiting. The Doctor then finally departs Hurala, leaving Dalek X trapped on the planet, alone.
Audiobook.
An unabridged audiobook was released on 3 September 2009, read by Nicholas Briggs, the voice of the Daleks. He uses his voice modulator to create the effect of the Daleks whenever he speaks their dialogue.

</doc>
<doc id="18632109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632109" title="Andy Stanford-Clark">
Andy Stanford-Clark

Andrew (Andy) James Stanford-Clark FBCS, CITP is a British information technology research engineer, specialising in telemetry and publish/subscribe messaging. He leads a research team at IBM, and is an IBM Distinguished Engineer, Member of the IBM Academy of Technology, and IBM Master Inventor. He is also a visiting professor at Newcastle University, and a member of the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council Peer Review College. He regularly gives talks about his profession. 
Education.
Stanford-Clark attended Stockport Grammar School, Cheshire, and University of East Anglia, Norwich. He holds a BSc in Computing Studies and Mathematics from the University of East Anglia. Stanford-Clark also holds a Ph.D. in Parallel Computing: Parallel Paradigms and their Implementation from the University of East Anglia which he achieved in 1991. In 2006, Stanford-Clark became a Fellow of the British Computer Society and Chartered IT Professional.
IBM.
Stanford-Clark joined IBM in 1991 in the “Communications Software” group. Stanford-Clark performed a number of roles within IBM, focusing primarily on parallel processing and pervasive messaging. 
In 2002 Stanford-Clark became a member of IBM Academy of Technology and was recognised as an IBM Master Inventor. He became an IBM Distinguished Engineer in 2007. 
In 2010 he became Chief Technology Officer of Smart Energy Technologies, as part of IBM's Smarter Planet strategy, based on his background in pervasive messaging.
Stanford-Clark has been granted 11 patents and, has 33 pending, as well as 30 additional invention disclosures published in IBM Technology Journal and IP.com. Stanford-Clark has also taken an active role in mentoring others and played a part in accelerating innovation, highlighted by his involvement in an IBM student scheme called Extreme Blue.
Stanford-Clark leads the “Pervasive and Advanced Messaging Technologies” research group. The group works to further IBM's Smarter Planet initiative and is located at Hursley House near Winchester, Hampshire. 
Telemetry.
In 1999, Stanford-Clark collaborated with Arlen Nipper to author the first version of the MQ Telemetry Transport (MQTT) protocol. 
MQTT is a specialised protocol enabling telemetry or lightweight sensor and mobile systems to provide information to computer programs via a publish/subscribe mechanism.
Stanford-Clark gained media attention for this in the late 2000s by connecting his home automation system via MQTT to Twitter, a popular microblogging site.

</doc>
<doc id="18632110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632110" title="Chariot, Alaska">
Chariot, Alaska

Chariot is a populated area on the coast of the Chukchi Sea in the western part of North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located close to the mouth of Ogotoruk Creek in the Ogotoruk Valley, 10 km ESE of Cape Thompson, Arctic Slope. Maximum elevation 20 m.
The place was named around 1962 after Project Chariot by personnel of the project. The name likely refers to a headquarters building on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="18632121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632121" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tiruchirapalli">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tiruchirapalli

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tiruchirapalli/Trichy () is a diocese located in the city of Tiruchirapalli in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18632132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632132" title="The Common Good">
The Common Good

The Common Good can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632142" title="James E. Shepard">
James E. Shepard

James E. Shepard (November 3, 1875 – October 6, 1947) was a pharmacist, civil servant and educator, the founder of what became the North Carolina Central University in Durham, North Carolina. He first established it as a private school for religious training in 1910 but adapted it as a school for teachers. He had a network of private supporters, including northern white philanthropists such as Olivia Slocum Sage of New York.
He served as the school's first president for nearly 40 years. By 1923, he secured state funding for it as a normal school, to continue the training of black teachers. After programs and classes were added to create a four-year curriculum, in 1925 it was renamed North Carolina College for Negroes, becoming the first liberal arts college in the nation for black students to be state-funded.
Personal life and family.
Shepard was born in Raleigh, North Carolina, the son of Rev. Augustus and Harriet Whitted Shepard. He received undergraduate and professional training at Shaw University, from which he graduated in 1894.
The following year, he married Annie Day Robinson. They had two daughters, now both deceased: Marjorie A. Shepard of Durham and Annie Day Shepard Smith of New Bern, North Carolina. Smith had two daughters, Annie Day Smith Donaldson and Carolyn Marie Smith Green; both daughters had children, and Green has grandchildren.
Career.
Shepard settled in the Hayti District, becoming one of the founders of development. He worked as a pharmacist in the community, and later as a civil servant, and religious educator. He became president of the school he founded, one originally intended to train clergy.
North Carolina Central University.
Shepard founded the private National Religious Training School and Chautauqua in the Hayti District in 1910. Originally, this institution was conceived as a center for religious training. Later, he renamed it the National Training School; it was supported by the philanthropy of Shepard’s numerous black and white friends in both the North and the South. These included Olivia Slocum Sage of New York.
The school provided professional development for black teachers of the Jim Crow era; education was considered a high calling in the black community in the drive for everyone to become literate. Teachers from the school taught in rural Durham County.
Shepard faced great difficulties in securing sufficient funding to keep the private school operating. He dealt with some of the issues of the Jim Crow era in his own way. At Christmas, white Durham merchants would bring selections of products to Shepard's office so that he could avoid "the possibility of dealing with rudeness downtown."
He continued to lobby the North Carolina General Assembly for support of the "N.C. College for Negroes." When going to the legislature, Shepard traveled by car in order to avoid the train, which had segregated seating according to the Jim Crow rules.
When the North Carolina legislature approved state funding in 1923, the institution's name was changed to Durham State Normal School. In 1925, the program was expanded to a four-year curriculum, and the institution became North Carolina College for Negroes, the first state-supported liberal arts college for black people in North Carolina and in the United States. Its first four-year college class graduated in 1929.
In 1947, the name became North Carolina College at Durham. The 1969 General Assembly established the institution as one of the State’s regional universities, and the name was changed to North Carolina Central University. Since 1972, NCCU has been a constituent institution of The University of North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18632175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632175" title="1997 Chennai Open">
1997 Chennai Open

The 1997 Chennai Open, known for sponsorship reasons as the 1997 Gold Flake Open, was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from April 7 to April 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18632176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632176" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuticorin">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuticorin

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tuticorin () is a diocese located in the city of Tuticorin in the Ecclesiastical province of Madurai in India.
History.
The first Latin indigenous bishop, Rt.Rev. Tiburtius Roach, is from this diocese only.

</doc>
<doc id="18632183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632183" title="Welsh coal strike of 1898">
Welsh coal strike of 1898

The Welsh coal strike of 1898 was an industrial dispute involving the colliers of South Wales and Monmouthshire. The strike began as an attempt by the colliers to remove the sliding scale, which determined their wage based on the price of coal. The strike quickly turned into a disastrous lockout which would last for six months and result in a failure for the colliers as the sliding scale stayed in place. The strike is seen as an important landmark in Welsh history as it saw the true adoption of trade unionism in the southern coalfield which had been slow to take hold before then. The South Wales Miners' Federation was the largest trade union to have originated from this dispute.
Reasons for the action.
Towards the end of 1897 relations between south Wales colliers, led by Liberal MP William 'Mabon' Abraham and the coalowners had become strained. Apart from the obvious wealth of the coalowners, the miners were also unhappy about a system used to determine wages called the sliding scale. The sliding scale was a system whereby the collier's salary was based not only on how much coal they could mine but on the price the coal fetched at market. The miners argued that the scale could be abused by traders and did not prevent cut-throat competition; also there was no minimum to the scale. This led to many miners facing financial difficulties and in September 1897 the miners gave six months' notice to terminate the scale. The coalowners retaliated with what they described as, precautionary measures, to terminate contracts which would come into effect at the same time as the colliers' ultimatum.
Attempts to resolve the strike.
Before the deadline for both actions passed in March 1898, negotiations began to prevent any action. The negotiations were still underway with the deadline of March 31 looming, so both parties agreed to extend talks until April 9. The discussions broke down before the deadline as the colliers refused the options being presented to them, and they walked out of the pits on mass. The miners' demands had been a minimum price per coal of 10 shillings a ton, a sliding scale of 10% not the 8.75% in operation, plus an immediate advance of 10%. The coalowners' compromise had been below those requested on all three demands.
In course of time, the miners shifted their position to the removal of the sliding scale completely but still demanded the 10% advance. The Board of Trade appointed Sir Edward Fry to act as a concilliator, much to the approval of the colliers, but the employers refused to meet with him. Through the endeavours of Sir Edward, the colliers eventually agreed to a reduction on demands in return for the creation of a neutral Concilliation Board to fix wages if coal prices fell below a specified level. The coalowners showed interest in these options but before options were discussed, the colliers' representatives re-introduced demands and negotiations were broken. After a second failed attempt, Sir Edward returned to the Board of Trade describing the owners as obstinate and the workers as leaderless.
Outcome of the action.
By August the colliers had decided to push on the single issue of retaining the sliding scale, but with a minimum level. In the end the colliers accepted an immediate advance of 5 percent and a guarantee from the coalowners that if wages fell below 12½ percent above the 1879 standard, then the men could give 6 months notice to terminate the scale. It also saw the end of "Mabon's day", the first Monday of the month holiday previously awarded to the miners. The strike officially ended on 1 September 1898.
The lack of organisation and vision apparent form the colliers' leaders was addressed by the foundation of the South Wales Miners' Federation, or 'the Fed'. Abraham would take the presidency of the organisation and William Brace the vice president. After such a long strike without pay, the levels of militancy within the south Wales coalfields rose and men began joining trade unions on a level not before seen in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18632200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632200" title="Kendenup, Western Australia">
Kendenup, Western Australia

Kendenup is a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia, within the Shire of Plantagenet. It is south east of Perth and north of Mount Barker. The Great Southern Railway (established 1889) passes through the town, being one of the original stations on the line. At the 2006 census, Kendenup had a population of 1,290.
The town was once the centre of a vast sheep station, and was, in the early years of the Western Australian colony, one of the largest farming enterprises so far established.
At the time of the first European discovery, the area was known to local Aboriginals as "Moor-ilup". "Kendenup" is another local indigenous word which was used to describe the area.
The upper reach of the Kalgan River runs nearby.
History.
Early European settlement.
Dr. Alexander Collie led an expedition from King George's Sound (Albany) in April and May 1831 accompanied by the Noongar man Mokare. The expedition commenced by journeying up the Kalgan River and overland to the base of the Porongorups. Collie was granted in the Kendenup area having been satisfied with its agricultural potential.
Other early land grants in the district were made to:
In 1838, Captain John Hassell sailed from England en route to Van Diemen's Land in the "Dawson", intending to settle on a grant on the Tamar River. Running low on water, he stopped at King George Sound in Albany where he met with the Government Resident, Sir Richard Spencer who persuaded him to consider acquiring land in the vicinity. Hassell ultimately purchased George Cheyne's Location 27 and after returning to Hobart and New South Wales, arrived back at Albany on 6 March 1840 in the "China" which he had chartered for the purpose. His stock included 800 sheep, 12 cattle and 10 horses from New South Wales which he walked overland to establish a homestead and farm which he called "Kendenup". Hassell, who was known widely as "Captain" Hassell, acquired further properties and by 1850 had expanded the operation to freehold and leased.
Hassell's partner and brother-in-law was Frederick Boucher who had established the British and Australian Bank in London in 1838. The bank failed in 1841 and as Boucher's assets were tied in with the collapse, Hassell found himself having to work closely with the bank's trustees as partners. Lieutenant Peter Belches was appointed as the bank's trustees agent to realise on Boucher's assets.
After establishing the farm, Hassell lived mainly in Albany using managers to run the day-to-day operations on the station. In Albany he ran an import/export business which included managing the farm's wool sales to England. He travelled to Kendenup regularly to oversee the business. The Kendenup wool won many awards.
In 1856 the family settled at Kendenup. Captain Hassell's two eldest sons, John Frederick T. Hassell, and Albert Young Hassell, took control of operations and later married and settled there with their own families. Several homesteads and buildings were built to accommodate the families, some of which still stand and are listed and protected for their heritage value. 
In the early 1870s the station boasted 30,000 sheep.
J.F.T Hassell left the property to live in Albany in about 1871/72 followed by Albert who ran the farm until 1886. Captain Hassell died on 15 August 1883, survived by his wife, five sons and a daughter. The property stagnated for the next 30 or so years, with J.F.T. Hassell attempting to sell it 1909. He died in 1919.
Gold.
On 20 July 1869, the Government of Western Australia offered a payment of ₤5,000 in the "Government Gazette" for the discovery of payable gold. Hassell submitted stone samples from Kendenup in 1872 and was told that they were gold bearing. A five-ton consignment was sent to Victoria for crushing and returned four ounces of gold.
Encouraged by the prospects, the Standard Gold Mining Company was registered on 15 December 1874, with a capital of ₤3,000. A mine about south of the town with a nearby five-stamp battery were built. The operation became the first to start mining in the state. However, recoveries failed to live up to expectations and the battery crushed only ten tons of ore before being closed when the company went into voluntary liquidation on 5 June 1876.
The mine and battery are still visible, although in poor condition.
1920 De Garis settlement.
While in Adelaide in July 1920, rural entrepreneur Jack De Garis had heard that the Kendenup property was for sale by the Hassell family executors for £47,325, or £1 per acre. He offered £45,000 with a £1,000 deposit which was accepted, the offer being made prior to his inspection of the property. After having satisfied himself with an inspection De Garis proceeded with his plan of subdividing it into approximately lots, selling the lots through the sale of debentures to settlers to the value of £150,000 using a closer settlement model. He also purchased Kendenup East, a property which included a homestead and a orchard, for another ₤1,000.
The "DeGaris Kendenup W.A. Development Company" was set up as the debenture issuer. De Garis planned for subdivision of the estate with a townsite which would include an administrative and civic centre, public parks, recreation areas, factory areas, a school and church sites. A dehydrating factory under the name of Kendenup Fruit Packing Company was established to pack farm produce for the community at a cost of ₤4,000.
He promoted the scheme around Australia, and from late 1920 settlers started to arrive and were granted farm blocks of between on the purchase of ten-year interest-free debenture notes to grow fruit, vegetables and other farm produce. However, the project was under capitalised and lot sizes were considered to be too small to be fully viable and after a peak of about 350 families settling, debenture sales dried up.
In August 1922 De Garis travelled to the United States to raise urgently needed capital. The following classified advertisement was published in the "New York Times" on 13 August 1922.
$250,000 was promised but never materialised.
By 1923, the scheme had effectively collapsed with the company going into voluntary liquidation. About 30 families stayed on. In order to remain on their selections the Kendenup Settlers Association (Inc.) took up the fight. The government established a Royal Commission 'to inquire into and report upon the establishment of the settlement at Kendenup', headed by Commissioner William Grogan. Fraud by De Garis had been alleged prior to the Royal Commission but he was exonerated in the findings. A second Royal Commission headed by barrister Ross McDonald was held to look into the difficulties faced by the settlers and possible assistance which could be offered. Changes to the Act which governed the Agricultural Bank of Western Australia were made as a result. McDonald later worked "pro bono" on the settlers' behalf to negotiate with creditors and the banks to enable them to purchase additional land and transfer the debentures to conventional mortgages.
Despite the setbacks, the settlement had provided much of the infrastructure for the current Kendenup township.
Internment camp.
During World War II the town was the site of an internment camp housing 200 Italian prisoners of war. The camp operated from 4 November 1943 to 23 May 1946. Internees were assigned as labourers to farms in the area.
Facilities.
The town has the Kendenup Primary School (established 1921).
Businesses nearby and within the town include a winery and accommodation options such as a lodge and several bed and breakfast establishments.
The early homestead buildings are intact but on private property and therefore unavailable for inspection. The old mine and its battery are about 2 km south of the townsite on Jellicoe Road off Albany Highway.
Climate.
Kendenup has a temperate climate with warm to hot summers and mild to cold winters. While summer temperatures can exceed , the average is around . Overnight temperatures can drop below in winter but daytime winter temperatures average .
Rainfall averages from around per month in January to over in July.
Kendenup recorded of rainfall in the 24 hours to 9am on 2 April 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18632204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632204" title="Midrakh Oz">
Midrakh Oz

Midrakh Oz (, "lit." Foothold of Strength) is a moshav in northern Israel. Located in the Jezreel Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 447.
The village was established in 1952 by immigrants from Yemen. Its name is inspired by a passage in the Book of Judges 5:21; 
The brook Kishon swept them away, that ancient brook, the brook Kishon. O my soul, tread them down with strength.
The name of the moshav, taken from the Bible verse, also reminds people of the battles which the young Jewish state had to fight in the War of Independence 1948 nearby at Mishmar HaEmek.

</doc>
<doc id="18632221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632221" title="54th Tactical Fighter Wing">
54th Tactical Fighter Wing

The 54th Tactical Fighter Wing is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Pacific Air Forces Fifth Air Force, being stationed at Kunsan Air Base, South Korea. It was inactivated on 31 October 1970.
During World War II, the 54th Troop Carrier Wing was a United States Army Air Forces Fifth Air Force transport wing that exercised command and control over five combat cargo and troop carrier groups in the South West Pacific theatre.
In the early postwar years, the 54th Fighter Wing commanded 56 units of the Air National Guard throughout the Southeastern United States.
History.
World War II.
The 54th Troop Carrier Wing commenced air transport and medical air evacuation operations in support of Fifth Air Force on 26 May 1943. advancing as battle lines permitted.
The wing employed C-47s almost exclusively, but during late 1943 and much of 1944 also used 13 converted B-17Es for armed transport missions in enemy-held territory. The 54th supported every major advance made by the allies in the Southwest Pacific Theater, operating from primitive airstrips carved from jungles and air-dropping cargo where airstrips unavailable.
The unit took part in the airborne invasion of Nadzab, New Guinea, in September 1943 by dropping paratroopers of the 503d Parachute Infantry Regiment as well as Australian engineers and heavy equipment. In July 1944, the wing dropped 1,418 paratroopers on Noemfoor Island to aid the allied invasion forces. Then assumed the task of handling all freight and personnel moving in troop carrier aircraft in the Southwest Pacific, in addition to scheduled and unscheduled air movement of cargo and troops, and air evacuation of wounded personnel.
Some C-46s began operating within the wing in late 1944, and during 1945 large numbers of C-46s were used in addition to C-47s. By late 1944 and during the early months of 1945, most wing missions were flown to the Philippines. In February 1945, the wing flew three more airborne operations, all in the Philippines, to help encircle Japanese concentrations. Wing C-47s dropped napalm on Carabao Island, in Manila Bay, in March 1945.
When hostilities ended, the wing moved the entire 11th Airborne Division (11,300 personnel) from the Philippines to Okinawa on short notice, and then began transporting occupation forces into Japan. During September 1945, the wing also evacuated over 17,000 former prisoners of war from Japan to the Philippines.
The wing served as part of the occupation forces in Japan from 25 September 1945 to about 26 January 1946, while con-tinuing routine air transport operations and a scheduled courier service. Beginning in December 1945 and continuing into mid-1946, most of the wing's components were reassigned to other units or inactivated, and on 15 January 1946 the wing became a component of the Far East (soon, Pacific) Air Service Command.
Moving to the Philippines, the wing gained new components and flew scheduled routes between Japan, the Philippines, Australia, and the Hawaiian Islands. Replaced by the 403d Troop Carrier Group on 31 May 1946 and was inactivated.
Air National Guard.
Allocated to the Georgia Air National Guard for command and control origination for units in the Southeastern region of the United States. Extended federal recognition and activated on 2 October 1946. 
At the end of October 1950, the Air National Guard converted to the wing-base (Hobson Plan) organization. As a result, the wing was withdrawn from the Georgia ANG and was inactivated on 31 October 1950. The 116th Fighter Wing was established by the National Guard Bureau, allocated to the state of Georgia, recognized and activated 1 November 1950; assuming the personnel, equipment and mission of the inactivated 54th Fighter Wing.
United States Air Force.
In June 1970, as the 54th Tactical Fighter Wing, was activated and replaced the 354th TFW at Kunsan AB, South Korea, assuming control of personnel and attached F-4C Phantom II squadrons. Was inactivated on 31 October 1970 when the deployed F-4 squadrons returned to the United States and the base was placed in a non-flying status. Base operations personnel were absorbed by the 6175th Air Base Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18632224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632224" title="Omoromachi Station">
Omoromachi Station

The station serves the Omoromachi "Shintoshin" (New City Heart/Center) area, which includes a major shopping complex accessed by an elevated pedestrian deck connected directly to the station, Shintoshin Park, and the Okinawa Prefectural Museum.
From just before Asato Station, through Omoromachi Station, to shortly after Furujima Station, the monorail tracks run directly above, and following, Japan National Route 330 (Asato Bypass).
The station has two facing platforms with one track each. Platform 1 serves Shuri-bound trains and Platform 2 serves trains bound for Naha Airport.
The chime played to announce train arrivals and departures is the traditional Okinawan folk song "Danjukariyushi".

</doc>
<doc id="18632241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632241" title="Thuner">
Thuner

Thuner is an imposing limestone figure carved by John Michael Rysbrack (1693-1770). Thuner. the god of thunder, is one of the seven Saxon gods, each representing a day of the week. It was carved in about 1730 for Sir Richard Temple, Viscount Cobham (1675-1749) for his garden in Stowe, Buckinghamshire. On the base of the sculpture Thuner's name is carved in runes beneath a thunderbolt. Originally the statues were set around an altar in an open grove, known as the Saxon Temple at Stowe; later they were placed in Stowe's Gothic Temple of Liberty. They formed part of an important group of buildings and statuary erected by Lord Cobham during the 1730s, which embodied a political programme championing Whig beliefs in historic British liberty. 
Rysbrack was one of the most important sculptors working Britain at this time. A native of the Netherlands, he came over to England in about 1720, and soon established himself as a sculptor of monuments, portraits and busts. The Saxon gods, however, are unique in his work; neither are similar figures known by any other sculptors.

</doc>
<doc id="18632249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632249" title="Sheshalik, Alaska">
Sheshalik, Alaska

Sheshalik ("Sisualik" in Iñupiaq, means "one that has beluga whales" from "sisuaq" "beluga whale") is a former Inuit village and summer camp in the Northwest Arctic Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located by the Chukchi Sea shore on the Sheshalik Spit, 14 mi. northwest of Kotzebue.
The name of this village was recorded as "Sesualik" by Captain Frederick William Beechey in 1831. In the 1880 Census conducted by Ivan Petroff Sheshalik was listed as "Sheshalegamute" with a population of 100. Captain Calvin L. Hooper (1881, p. 44) published the name as "She-shore-lik," and U.S. Navy lieutenant George M. Stoney, in his manuscript map dated 1883, wrote it as "She-sur-are-lick." Maximum elevation 3 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18632273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632273" title="Medway Park Crusaders">
Medway Park Crusaders

The Medway Park Crusaders is an English semi-professional basketball club based in Canterbury, Kent, playing in the England Basketball National League. The team's history dates back to the early 1990s, but in its current form it has been in existence since 2000.
The club has sent three players to professional contracts in Europe, including Ryan Richards, the youngest player ever to play in the Nike Hoop Summit.
The club has continued to grow with a 6th form academy based at Canterbury High School launched in 2007 and stronger links being formed with the juniors in 2008 as the club expanded to included Men’s, Under 18, Under 16 and Under 14 National League teams.
In 2009 the club moved its men's team from Canterbury to Medway as a sponsorship deal was announced with Medway Park Leisure Centre. The Junior teams will follow the men to Medway in January 2010. The Crusaders Academies still reside at Canterbury High School.
Club history.
Pre-Crusaders.
The roots of the Kent Crusaders began in the early 1990s when Kevin and Christine Paice, Dave Hooper and Hill Lingham began developing junior basketball at Canterbury College. Through their work, the Canterbury Jazz and CK Heat were born. As the club gathered momentum, the College became the place to be for basketball in East Kent. Trevor Acres and Kevin Maloney joined the coaching staff and numerous boys were given the opportunity to play National League and the club won numerous Kent cups.
Arrival of Jesse Sazant.
In 2000, ex-player and young coach Jay Gifford took over the club. He was joined a year later by Canadian Jesse Sazant. Coach Sazant took the team to new heights, including a National Under 16 quarterfinal in his first season. At this point the club was relaunched as the East Kent Crusaders.
Mens National League.
After losing older players to London for years, the club decided to launch a men’s EBL Division 3 team in 2004. In their first season the club finished third in Division 3 South East. The initial season saw a number of the club’s former junior players return to the Crusaders to be joined by a number of local players.
Promotion.
In their second season the team quickly progressed, winning the 2005/06 EBL Division 3 South East and making the finals of the National Shield.
The club also signed their first foreign player, 6'10 Canadian Walter Moyse and foreign coach assistant, Dane Mads Olesen. The 2005/06 team was led by Walter Moyse, Paul Jessop and Robbie Parker, and featured 14 year old Ryan Richards, a 2007 Nike Hoop Summit World Team Player and a 2008 Euroleague Final Four: Nike International Junior Tournament player with Real Madrid.
Division 2.
The Crusaders got promoted to EBL Division 2 and was renamed the Kent Crusaders in the summer of 2006. While the club signed a number of new players it also lost Moyse, Parker and Richards to contracts in Europe. Initially the remaining players and new signings London Towers players Sam Betts and James Acres, Reading Rockets guard Damion Lyons, former Crusaders junior Angelo Irving and East London's Gary Davison and JP Dontoni, fared well winning the first three league games, before fading down the stretch and only being assured another season in Division 2 in the last round of games.
On 2 April 2007, Jesse Sazant stepped down as Head Coach to concentrate on a role as Chairman and Director of Basketball, passing the coaching reigns onto Mads Olesen.
New team, new coach, new academy.
The 2007 offseason season saw the Crusaders lose team leaders captain Paul Jessop, leading scorer and starting point guard Gary Davidson, big man Angelo Irving, guard James Parker, forward JP Dontoni, and forward James Acres, but in his new role as Director of Basketball Jesse Sazant managed to recruit young talented players to make up for the losses.
Two young Barking Abbey Basketball Academy players, 6'0 18 year old guard Rikki Broadmore (Under 18's Reading Rockets National League and Cup champion) and 6'6 forward, 18 year old former England Under 16's player Dan Garrad. Additionally 20 year old JP Dimandja, a 6’6 forward with untapped potential and athleticism joined from Eastside Eagles.
The team struggled early in the season as the young players adjusted to the physicality of men's basketball while the returning players adjusted to their new roles as team leaders, crashing out of the Patrons Cup and losing twelve of the first sixteen league games. The team was able to secure another season in Division 3 with three games to go with a key away win at Team Northumbria.
The 2007/08 season also saw the start of the Kent Crusaders and Canterbury High School Basketball Sixth Form Academy. The academy accepted 12 players in its first year and was coached by Damian Lyons and Sam Bets. The academy focuses on developing player fundamentals and academy player Adam Brown managed to play in two games for the Crusaders men's team.
Quest for stability.
The 2008 off season saw the Crusaders management focus stability on the men's team as they secured that the key players from the previous season stayed on. In late July 2008 it also liiks possible that the team will add a few key players to the squad.
Also in the summer of 2008 the Kent Crusaders men's Club and the East Kent Crusaders Junior Basketball Club merged into one club and added Under 18's, 16's and 14's EBL National League teams to the club.
Game information.
Tip-off time:
Saturday games: 7:00pm, Sunday games: 3:30pm
Home Venue:
Black Lion/Medway Park Leisure Centre
Kent Crusaders Basketball Academies.
The two Kent Crusaders Basketball Academy are based at Canterbury High School. Both a 6th form elite level and a high school academy are run. The academies are head coached by Jesse Sazant.
Student athletes at the academies receive an hour and a half of coaching daily in addition to dedicated time for strength and conditioning work. Alongside this the 6th form students study a BTEC in Sports Performance and Excellence (which is equivalent to two A-levels) as well as 2 other courses of their choice.
The school competes in the England Schools Academy competitions as well as the Kent Cup. Additionally, players are expected to play at the highest club level they can. Current academy members play for the Crusaders Men’s team, Under 18 team and a number of local men’s teams.
Junior Club.
The Kent Crusaders run national league boys teams at Under 18, 16 and 14 as well as an under 12 team and a 6th form academy based at Canterbury High School.
The main venue for the juniors is Medway park
Under 18s.
The Kent Crusaders Under 18s compete in the South East Premier Division of the EBL national league.
The team is coached by Mark Hinton and Lorraine Dagger and is based at Medway park The team trains on Mondays from 20:30 _22:30 and on Tuesdays from 20:30_22:30 at Medway park.
A number of the players also attend the Kent Crusaders Basketball Academy at Canterbury High School and Northfleet Technology College.
Under 16s.
The Kent Crusaders Under 16s compete in the South II Division of the EBL national league.
The team is coached by Nick Lloyd
Under 14s.
The Under 14s compete in the South Division of the EBL national league. The team is coached by Matt Fenton, Derek Lewis and Mark Hinton. Most of the players also attend the Crusaders Basketball Academy at The Canterbury High School.
Head coaches.
2000-2001 Jay Gifford 
2001-2007 Jesse Sazant 
2007–present Mads Olesen

</doc>
<doc id="18632284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632284" title="Izhathu Mannanars">
Izhathu Mannanars

Izhathu Mannanars was a Thiyya landowning dynasty of Malabar in present day Kannur and Kasaragod districts between the 6th and the 12th centuries. Mannanars was a title bestowed to this family, muthedathu Aramanakkal family. Female members were called "Ammachiyaar"s. They were believed to follow Buddhism as their religion.

</doc>
<doc id="18632288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632288" title="Leonidas Iasonidis">
Leonidas Iasonidis

Leonidas Iasonidis (1884–1959) was a Pontic Greek political activist born in Poulantzaki in Pontus, Turkey.
Early life.
Iasonidis studied at the Kerasus High School and at the Phrontisterion of Trapezous. He studied law in Constantinople and graduated with honours. He then went to Paris to further his law studies and graduated in 1915. In Greece, Iasonidis began a very successful career in politics. He played a vital role in having the icon of the Virgin Mary (Panagia Soumela) returned to its rightful owners in Greece.
During World War I, he left Paris via Romania and arrived in Rostov, Russia, where he came in contact with the Greek communities of the Caucasus. In 1917, the Caucasus and Crimean regions were heavily populated with Pontic Greek refugees who had earlier fled Turkey to avoid the Turkish massacres. Iasonidis was able to gain the support of the 1,500,000 Pontic Greeks, and as the representative of the National Council of Greek communities, he travelled to Paris to join Eleftherios Venizelos in calling for the independence of Greek Pontus. These efforts resulted in the Turkish government calling for his arrest, but they were unable to capture him. Turkey instead arrested and executed his 27-year-old brother.

</doc>
<doc id="18632297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632297" title="1998 Gold Flake Open">
1998 Gold Flake Open

The 1998 Gold Flake Open was an ATP tennis tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from April 6 to April 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18632365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632365" title="Vasireddy Sri Krishna">
Vasireddy Sri Krishna

Vasireddy Sri Krishna shortly V.S.Krishna (October 8, 1902 - February 16, 1961), was Vice Chancellor of Andhra University in Visakhapatnam, India.
He was born to Sriramulu and Veeramma in Tenali taluq in Andhra Pradesh, India.
He studied in Oxford University, London in Economics and obtained his B.A. in 1929.
He joined Andhra University in 1932 as Lecturer in Economics. He did his Ph.D. from Vienna University in Gold Standardization. Later he joined back in the university as Warden, Registrar and head of newly established Economics department. 
In 1949, he was elected as Vice chancellor by the university senate. He held this position for 11 years till 1961 and worked hard in the various developmental activities of the university. He developed the university library which was later named as Dr.V.S.Krisha Library.
In 1957, he was elected as president of Inter University Board of India. He was the chairman of University Grants Commission (India) in 1961 and died during the same period.

</doc>
<doc id="18632367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632367" title="1981 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1981 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1981 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Nottingham, Great Britain.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the sixteenth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18632371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632371" title="Songye people">
Songye people

The Songye people, sometimes written Songe, are an Bantu ethnic group from the central Democratic Republic of the Congo. 
Types of visual art.
The Songye people, like Luba people, are well-known Zappo Zap wood carvers who are renowned for making ceremonial masks, power figures, and other ceremonial items.

</doc>
<doc id="18632376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632376" title="Turkey Shoot (film)">
Turkey Shoot (film)

Turkey Shoot, also known as Escape 2000 and Blood Camp Thatcher, is a 1982 Australian dystopian futurist exploitation film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith notable for its extreme violence and sadistic prison sequences. The film features plot elements of "The Most Dangerous Game", but rather than having human targets hunted for sport by a madman on his own island, The Establishment offers the opportunity to rich adventurers with legal immunity. The cast is a mix of international actors and Australian soap opera stars and television personalities. AskMen.com labeled it "Easily the cheapest and nastiest piece of mainstream celluloid ever stitched together by our Australia's mad cinematic scientists."
Plot.
In the totalitarian near future, 'social deviants' are sent to prison camps for re-education and behaviour modification. The new arrivals at Camp 47 are Chris Walters (Olivia Hussey), a shopkeeper accused of helping a rebel; Rita Daniels (Lynda Stoner), a suspected sex worker; and Paul Anders (Steve Railsback), a dissident who has escaped from several other camps. After suffering brutal treatment at the hands of Camp Master Charles Thatcher (Michael Craig) and his chief enforcer, Ritter (Roger Ward), the prisoners accept a deadly deal. They will be human prey in a 'turkey shoot', which Thatcher has organised for Secretary Mallory (Noel Ferrier), and VIPs Jennifer (Carmen Duncan) and Tito (Michael Petrovich). If they can evade the heavily armed guests in the surrounding jungle until sundown, Chris, Rita and Paul will be set free. As the 'turkey shoot' progresses, the tables are turned, and the prisoners become the hunters, culminating in a free for all slaughter terminated by a government napalm airstrike.
Production.
According to Brian Trenchard-Smith, the film was always meant to be a satire.
The original script was sort of like "I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang" meets "The Most Dangerous Game", with 70 pages of "Chain Gang" and "Most Dangerous Game" lasted about 35 pages. I didn't think that was good balance. Also it was set in the depression era Deep South. We had tax based financing in place on condition that it was supposed to be set in Australia. So I suggested we set it in the future, and make it more universal. We wanted to make a tongue in cheek but gutsy action movie with subtext about corporate fascism at the beginning of the Reagan era. (He had Australia frightened...Ronald Ray Gun cartoons were often spray painted on Sydney walls in 1981) So we hired Neill & Jon to redo it. Then of course, there were days when I was writing pages myself during the shooting.
"Turkey Shoot" was produced during the Australian film tax exemption scheme 10BA. Under 10BA film costs were subsidized by the Australian government, and directors tended to cast foreign leads in the hope of boosting success in Europe or the Americas.
The movie was shot in northern Queensland near Cairns. According to Brian Trenchard-Smith the schedule was slashed from 44 days to 28 just prior to filming. David Hemmings was one of the executive producers and shot some second unit which Trenchard-Smith says caused some tension:
He did not think much of me. He knew that a Completion Gurantor had me waiting in the wings to take over an earlier film Hemmings was directing if he continued to remain behind schedule. He was having an on again off again affair with a member of the cast. When he made fun of me in front of my wife and new born son once in the production office, I poured beer on his head. He was a little more careful with me after that.
Lynda Stoner had insisted on no nudity when accepted the role, but when she arrived on set she found out she was required to do some. She objected, pressure was put on her, so she compromised and did a back shot but says she always regretted it. Olivia Hussey had a miserable time during filming, hating coming to work and being terrified of the Australian bush.
Release.
"Turkey Shoot" grossed $321,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $984,110 in 2009 dollars.
The film was released theatrically in the United States by New World Pictures as "Escape 2000" in October 1983.
The film was released in the UK under the opportunistic title "Blood Camp Thatcher" referring to the cold camp commandant Charles Thatcher, rather than the then British Prime Minister.
The film was released on special edition DVD by Anchor Bay Entertainment.
2008 Melbourne International Film Festival.
"Turkey Shoot" featured in a Focus on Ozploitation collection of 1970s and 1980s Australian exploitation films, including "Barry McKenzie Holds His Own", "Dead End Drive-In" and "Razorback". These over-the-top B grade films were characterized by lashings of gratuitous sex, violence and fuel-injected muscle car mayhem which pushed the boundaries of audience taste to new limits.

</doc>
<doc id="18632382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632382" title="VMS Eve">
VMS Eve

VMS "Eve" (Tail Number: N348MS) is a carrier mothership for Virgin Galactic and launch platform for Scaled Composites SpaceShipTwo-based Virgin SpaceShips. 
VMS "Eve" is the first, and so far only, White Knight Two, built by Scaled Composites for Virgin Galactic. The "VMS" prefix stands for "Virgin Mothership".
Public Launch.
The aircraft was named after Evette Branson, the mother of Richard Branson, Chairman of the Virgin Group. The jet plane has nose art of a blonde woman holding the Virgin Galactic corporate flag. The image is based on how Evette Branson looked when she was younger and is called "Galactic Girl". The aircraft was officially launched on Monday, July 28, 2008, in Mojave, California, USA, at the Mojave Spaceport, home of Scaled Composites. On December 12, 2008, the aircraft performed first taxi tests, and a week later the maiden flight. "Eve" will be used in the Virgin Galactic testflight program, preceding entry into commercial usage.
It is the largest all composite aircraft ever constructed and has the longest single-piece composite aircraft part: a long wingspan. Burt Rutan has dismissed fears that pressurization cycles might induce fatigue failure in the composite structure. Richard Branson has also announced that it will be highly fuel efficient.
Flight test program.
The initial flight tests were planned to begin in early September 2008 but they were delayed. The flight tests were expected to be complete by September, 2009.
Designation codes.
Total flight time for WK2 as of September 19, 2013 is 333.96 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="18632386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632386" title="Sundance (album)">
Sundance (album)

Sundance is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1969. In 2002, Blue Note Records re-released all tracks from this album, together with all tracks from 1969's "Is" and alternate takes from both albums as "The Complete "Is" Sessions".

</doc>
<doc id="18632390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632390" title="The Slitheen Excursion">
The Slitheen Excursion

The Slitheen Excursion is a BBC Books original novel written by Simon Guerrier and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor initially without a companion, most likely following on from the fourth series finale "Journey's End" During the story he does acquire a temporary companion in the form of university student June who - while still with him at the end of the story - does not appear in any other adventure. It was released on April 2, 2009, alongside "Judgement of the Judoon" and "Prisoner of the Daleks".
Audiobook.
An unabridged audiobook was released in May 2010 on download only, read by Debbie Chazen.

</doc>
<doc id="18632393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632393" title="Tongan general election, 2010">
Tongan general election, 2010

Early general elections under a new electoral law were held in Tonga on 25 November 2010. They determined the composition of the 2010 Tongan Legislative Assembly.
The early elections were announced by the new King George Tupou V in July 2008 shortly before being crowned on 1 August 2008, and were preceded by a programme of constitutional reform. For the first time, a majority of the seats (17 out of 26) in the Tongan parliament were elected by universal suffrage, with the remaining nine seats being reserved for members of Tonga's nobility. This marked a major progression away from the 165-year rule of the monarchy towards a fully representative democracy. The Taimi Media Network described it as "Tonga’s first democratically elected Parliament".
The Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands, founded in September 2010 specifically to fight the election and led by veteran pro-democracy campaigner 'Akilisi Pohiva, secured the largest number of seats, with 12 out of the seventeen "People's Representative" seats.
Background.
Heading to political reforms.
Prior to these elections, members of Tonga's Legislative Assembly (the "Fale Alea") were primarily appointed by the monarch, who also selected the prime minister and the cabinet. Only nine of the 30 seats were popularly elected, and another nine were held by members of the aristocracy.
In April 2010 the Legislative Assembly enacted a package of political reforms, increasing the number of people's representatives from nine to seventeen, with ten seats for Tongatapu, three for Vavaʻu, two for Haʻapai and one each for Niuas and ʻEua. All of the seats are single-seat constituencies, as opposed to the multi-member constituencies used before. These changes mean that now 17 of 26 representatives (65.4%) will be directly elected, up from 9 of 30 (30.0%). The noble aristocracy will still select its nine representatives, while all remaining seats, which were previously appointed by the monarch, will be abolished.
While the cabinet and the prime minister were previously selected by the monarch, this time, the elected parliamentarians will vote for a prime minister.
The changes come in the wake of violent pro-democracy demonstrations in November 2006, in which eight people were killed and much of the business district of Tongatapu destroyed as people protested against the slow movement toward political reform. The changes have been fully supported by the king. One of the candidates, Sione Fonua, said, "The king saw the signs that people wanted change and, to his credit, he has allowed that to happen".
Impact on the monarchy.
Tonga is a very traditional society, and the role of the monarchy is extremely important.
In response to the question of the impact the new legislation would have on his role, the King stated that while not officially reducing his powers, the reforms meant that he was now limited in his capacity to exercise these powers:
Analysts, however, have said they are not yet certain what effective changes the political shift would bring. The king retains the power of veto over certain laws, as well as the power to dismiss the government.
Election.
People's Representatives.
Voter registration closed on 31 August, with approximately 42,000 voters registering. In November 2010, the Women’s and Children’s Crisis Centre expressed concern that up to 40% of eligible voters could have failed to register.
Candidates were registered on 21 and 22 October, with 147 candidates contesting the 17 constituencies. The Tongatapu 6 and 9 constituencies were the most heavily contested, with 15 candidates each, while Ha'apai 13, 'Eua 11 and Niuas 17 had only three candidates each. Ten candidates were women. Only three of the incumbent Cabinet contested the elections.
Candidates were required to pay a P400 (Tonga-pa'anga) registration fee (equivalent to $215 US or €165) and present the signatures of 50 eligible voters in support of their candidacy.
The suffering economy was seen as the most significant priority for the campaigners. According to the World Bank, up to 40% of Tongans live on or below the poverty line. In addition, the International Monetary Fund claims that Tonga's national debt is substantial and that the island nation is at high risk of not being able to pay them.
In an address to the nation before polling stations opened, the King described the vote as "the greatest and most historic day for our kingdom". He went on to say, "You will choose your representative to the parliament and, thus, the first elected government in our country's long history."
Nobles' representatives.
Elections to the nobles' seats was reformed, through the Representatives Electoral Regulations Act 2010. Each member of the nobility was henceforth only allowed to cast a vote in the constituency containing lands to which his title of nobility was attached. The four constituencies were:
There were two nobles who held two titles each: Prince ʻAhoʻeitu ʻUnuakiʻotonga Tukuʻaho held the titles of Tupoutoʻa (in Haʻapai) and Lavaka (in Tongatapu), while Lord Kalaniuvalu of Tongatapu was jointly Lord Fotofili of the Niuas. It is not clear whether this enabled these two men to cast two ballots. In addition, there were three unattributed titles: Maʻatu in the Niuas, and ʻAhomeʻe and Fohe in Tongatapu. Also, King Tupou V had, since 2008, instituted the unprecedented title of "Law Lords" for three men (Ramsay Robertson Dalgety, Tevita Poasi Tupou and Taniela Tufui), conferring upon them a non-hereditary life title which entitled them to vote in a nobles' constituency of their choosing, but not to be elected. Dalgety and Tupou chose to vote in Tongatapu, and Tufui in Haʻapai. Consequently, there were twelve to fourteen potential voters in Tongatapu (depending on where Prince Tukuʻaho and Lord Kalaniuvalu chose to vote), eight in Vavaʻu, seven or eight in Haʻapai, and two or three in the Niuas.
Results.
According to election officials, approximately 89% of the 42,000 registered voters cast ballots. A delegation of fourteen observers from Australia and New Zealand were in Tonga to observe the election. Reports said they were pleased at the way the election had been managed.
The outcome of the election resulted in a plurality of seats for the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands, who won 12 out of the 17 "People's Representative" seats, with only some 29% of the votes (because of the First Past the Post voting system being used).
Once the results were finalised, the newly elected representatives selected a prime minister. Tongans, who have traditionally looked to the nobility for leadership, had widely expected it to be a nobleman. After their election, however, the nobles' representatives announced that they would support a commoner for prime minister but ultimately decided to support Lord Tu'ivakano.
Noble representatives.
The nobles' representatives are:
Government formation.
Following the election, the DPFI secured the support of one independent and was seeking the support of two others – ‘Aisake Valu Eke and Sunia Fili – by offering them cabinet posts. Following concerns the noble representatives would support one of the independents for Prime Minister, the DPFI decided to hold a public rally to build public support.
The formal process of electing a Prime Minister will begin after the final election results are formally notified, with the appointment of an interim Speaker and a call for nominations. MPs will then vote by secret ballot in one or more rounds, until a candidate is elected.
On 3 December 2010 the King appointed Lord Tupou as interim Speaker.
The three MPs from Vava'u are considered to be pro-monarchy.
Sosefo Fe’aomoeata Vakata reportedly left the DPFI and became an independent, and was likely to support the nobles together with the five independent MPs, resulting in a noble-led government. He joined a bloc of 15 members, including all nine noble representatives and five other people's representatives, to jointly nominate a Prime Minister.
The DPFI rejected these claims and stated it still expects to form the government. A vote was scheduled for 17 December, but then delayed to 20 December.
On 15 December 2010, DPFI MP 'Isileli Pulu claimed that the DPFI had the support of 14 of the 17 popularly elected MPs and of a few nobles, 18 MPs in total.
On 20 December 2010 Samuela 'Akilisi Pohiva and Siale'ataonga Tu'ivakano were nominated for Prime Minister. The election was postponed to 21 December 2010. Tu'ivakano was elected by 14 votes to 12.
On 31 December Tu'ivakano named his Cabinet, which included 6 people's representatives, 3 nobles, and 2 commoners appointed from outside Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="18632403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632403" title="Ohio State Route 644">
Ohio State Route 644

State Route 644 (SR 644) is a north–south state highway running through Columbiana and Carroll counties in northeast Ohio. Its southern terminus is at State Route 39 in downtown Salineville, and its northern terminus is at its junction with U.S. Route 30 and State Route 9 in the center of Kensington. The route connects mainly rural and a few unincorporated parts of southeastern Columbiana County. State Route 644 only briefly passes into a corner of Carroll County for a journey.
Route description.
The starting point of OH 644 is its junction with OH 39 in the Columbiana County village of Salineville, at the intersection of Main Street and Lincoln Street. OH 644 follows Main Street west from this intersection, and turns northerly after two blocks, as the road becomes known as Hanover Road. The route bends northwesterly, then passes by Woodlawn Cemetery, turns northerly again, and back to the northwest, as it heads out of the village limits of Salineville through a wooded setting. Entering into Washington Township, OH 644 intersects Walnut Ridge Road, turns west-northwesterly, then curves north-northwesterly, as it ducks just barely into Carroll County, and correspondingly, Fox Township. OH 644 has no intersections in the it covers in Carroll County, just passing by a blend of woods and fields. OH 644 re-enters Columbiana County, this time into Franklin Township. Trending northwesterly, OH 644 meets Dobson Road, then curves to the west-northwest. The rural setting the highway traverses is a blend of woods and fields, with a few homes dotting the landscape. OH 644 bends northwesterly, then follows a reverse curve northerly before resuming a northwesterly path. Next, OH 644 passes by intersections with Hull Road and Lewis Road, where the highway turns to the north. Further along, OH 644 bends to the northeast, then starts to curve to the northwest as it enters into Summitville. Once within the village, OH 644 follows Main Street, and has an intersection with Yellow Creek Church Road. The route turns north into the main portion of the village, then turns northeasterly to pass underneath the Norfolk Southern Railway. Resuming a northerly course, OH 644 passes by intersections with Fink Road and Summitville Road before departing Summitville, and re-entering Franklin Township. The route bends northeastly, then north again, as it passes by the hamlet of Millport, where OH 644 meets OH 518 at its western terminus. 
Continuing north of OH 518, OH 644 curves to the northwest, passes by a split intersection with Willard Road, then meets Bethesda Road. Next, the route bends to the west briefly, then resumes a northwesterly trek, and comes upon a split intersection with McKaig Road. OH 644 then passes just to the east of the northeasternmost point in Carroll County, while remaining in Columbiana County, crossing from Franklin Township into Hanover Township. OH 644 bends north, turns northwesterly, then begins to trend to the west as it approaches Mechanicstown Road. Beyond there, OH 644 turns to the west-northewest, closely paralleling the Norfolk Southern railway that exists to the south of the highway, as OH 644 enters the unincorporated community of Kensington. Passing by a number of homes, OH 644 comes to an end as it arrives at its junction with US 30 and OH 9.
History.
In 1937, State Route 644 made its debut along the route that it currently occupies, and has not experienced any major changes in its routing since its inception.

</doc>
<doc id="18632418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632418" title="Apia (disambiguation)">
Apia (disambiguation)

Apia or APIA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632466" title="Tradition (Doc Watson album)">
Tradition (Doc Watson album)

Tradition (subtitled The Doc Watson Family) is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Family. It was recorded in 1964 - 1965 and not released until 1977.
Track listing.
All songs Traditional.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18632471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632471" title="Bété people">
Bété people

The Bete are a little-studied Ivory Coast group with strong cultural and artistic links to the Dan, the We (Gwere) and the Guro, among others. There are 93 distinct groups within the Bete polity. They are united only in that they subsistence farm to survive, but base most of their social and cultural lives around the hunt. Social control was exercised by the leading member of individual lineages (of which there were several in each village) who exercised judicial and financial power within the community. Spiritual authority was wielded with an array of paraphernalia, notably including the “gre” mask, a horned and decorated creation (originating with the We) designed to instill terror in the onlooker, to quell social unrest, and to be worn when meting out justice after conflict.
Statuary is uncommon, and is based around feminine iconography that refers to the mythical mother figure. There is no recognised liturgical function, although some early reports indicate that a pair of figures was often placed under a rain shelter in a village in order to represent the founders. This evocation of a primeval couple has widespread resonance in African culture. Rare figures with exaggerated genitalia are probably linked to a magico-religious appeal for fertility; alternatively, they may have constituted a more general role, evoking or celebrating the fertility of the village/land, its founders, or the forest from which the people made their living.
It is known as one of the most progressive tribes due to the focus on individual rights. A "chief" is chosen by the people based on who is the wisest. This leader stays in power until his death or any wrongdoing. Then another chief is chosen based on wisdom.
Men and women play equal roles in society as well. Bete women are widely known as the most outspoken of any other tribes. 
As far as courtship, the men of the Bete tribe travel outside of the village to date. Dating within the tribe is not allowed because of the belief that the village is a family unit. Ethnically diverse marriages are strongly encouraged.Before dating begins men ask about the woman's family to make sure there is no trace of any relation.Marriage is not possible if the couple is related in any way. The men do not leave the village when marriage. Rather, the wife is brought into the man's tribe. This is because the man is expected to provide a home and land. He has already inherited land from his father,so the women must travel to outside of their villages for financial security. The wedding is discussed only among the bride and groom. It is meant to be a surprise for the parents, particularly the woman's parents. The date of the wedding is set and the wife's family is invited to the groom's village to celebrate. The woman's family then visits to make sure the woman is marrying of her own free will. This is a polite formality. When she has said that she is sure of her decision then congratulations is acceptable. The wedding ceremony takes one week. Each day is a celebration of the bride and she is treated like a queen.
Polygamy is a common practice. Men usually have no more than three wives. When a man decides to have another wife, the first wife often becomes a sort of mother to her. The original wife may choose to be head of all other wives. This is a common practice but not an obligation. Any wife may choose to leave their husbands' if he decides to marry another woman. Often, the original wife will make the second wife feel unwelcome in order to make her leave instead. In some cases the wives will get along and become friends.
Divorce is also very common. A wife can decide to leave her husband and go back to her home village whenever she chooses and is not obligated to give her husband any notice or explanation. The husband in turn can choose to kick his wife out of his home. Counseling among friends is very common in marital disputes.
Because of education, these traditions are usually only practiced by people still living in the villages. When the children move to cities and go to universities they usually adopt Western traditions of marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="18632474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632474" title="Lilley Press">
Lilley Press

Lilley Press is a Canadian small press based out of London Ontario founded by Jeff Johnston. Lilley Press focuses on Speculative Fiction, Fantasy, Paranormal Romance, Mainstream, and Young Adult.
Staff.
Senior Staff
Editorial Staff
Artists
Publications.
The Still Life of Hanna Morgan - A contemporary romance eBook available to download. A novel of self-discovery and following your dreams. Dreams never die.
Harmonica And Gig - A Cyberpunk Science Fiction eBook set in a virtual world known as the qVerse.

</doc>
<doc id="18632478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632478" title="Morton family">
Morton family

The Morton family were a fictional family in the British soap opera "Coronation Street".
About the Mortons.
The Morton family were introduced in 2007, automatically disturbed the neighbours notably Gail Platt, and quickly took over Diggory Compton's old bakery, but re-fitted it to form a kebab shop. Kayleigh went to live with her mother Teresa but Jerry took Kayleigh and her half brother Finlay to Weatherfield. Wilfred, grandad of the family faked his death on Father's Day 2007 after thinking that his criminal record would affect granddaughter Mel's plans to join the police force, whilst Jodie often had brawls with Cilla Battersby-Brown, and left in late 2007 after thinking that her father Jerry had taken her for granted too many times and left to live with a friend in London. Mel successfully joined the police force in early 2008. Later that year, Jerry had a Heart Attack and Teresa returned and began to poison Jerry in order to stay with her family, this led to Jerry going into intensive care and being close to dying. Jerry, Kayleigh and Finlay left the street in late September for a new life without Teresa in Spain, though Darryl and Mel decided to stay. Mel left in early October however, but went to live with a friend in Stretford instead of with the rest of her family. Darryl was then the only Morton left on The Street, until his mother, Teresa, reappeared.Darryl left the street in 2010 leaving Teresa as the final Morton on the street. Teresa left later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18632479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632479" title="Thomas Falvey">
Thomas Falvey

Thomas Falvey (7 August 1880 – 17 February 1941) was an Irish politician. A farmer, he was elected to Dáil Éireann at the June 1927 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Clare constituency. He lost his seat at the September 1927 general election.
Falvey was a member of Clare County Council when elected as a TD and lived in Kilkee, County Clare.

</doc>
<doc id="18632480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632480" title="1999 Gold Flake Open">
1999 Gold Flake Open

The 1999 Gold Flake Open was an ATP tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from April 5 to April 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18632513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632513" title="Ōiryō">
Ōiryō

History.
The Asuka-, Nara- and Heian-period Imperial court hierarchy encompassed a . The origin of the current Imperial Household Agency can be traced back to the provisions on the government structure which were put into effect during the reign of Emperor Monmu, with significant modifications in 1702, 1870, and 1889, "Daijō-kan" officials within this ministry structure were: The management of food stores and food pood preparation within the court was encompassed within the organization structure of the ritsuryō system, including an acknowledgment of the place held by its senior officials within the structured palace hierarchy.
Officials.
The was the surveyor of all activities or works which were executed within the interior of the palace. Under his indirect supervision, the senior members of the Ooiryō hierarchy included:

</doc>
<doc id="18632522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632522" title="Hamayouni Decree">
Hamayouni Decree

The Hamayoni Decree (also "Hamayonic", "Hamayouni") () is a clause in the Egyptian law that dates back to Ottoman rule (February 1856), which regulates Christian church construction and maintenance. It is currently a cause of much controversy due to the conditions that need to be fulfilled in order for the permit to be granted. These same restrictions do not apply to mosques. The law requires that each permit must be issued by the Egyptian president.
The requirements are complex and frequently arbitrary for building and repairing churches or church-owned buildings. The state president must personally approve all building applications, and the provincial governors must approve all applications for repairs, even for something as small as repairing a toilet or a broken window.
While ostensibly part of the Tanzimat reforms of the Ottoman Empire, the special restrictions on churches trace back to the Covenant of Omar I in 637.
The Hamayouni Decree was later elaborated by the Ten Conditions of Al-Ezabi.

</doc>
<doc id="18632527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632527" title="Women for Sale">
Women for Sale

Women for Sale is a 2005 documentary by Nili Tal. It explores the phenomenon of Russian women who immigrate to Israel to work as prostitutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18632530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632530" title="Metcalfe, Victoria">
Metcalfe, Victoria

Metcalfe is a small community in central Victoria, Australia. At the 2006 census, Metcalfe had a population of 531.
Metcalfe Post Office opened on 13 December 1866.

</doc>
<doc id="18632540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632540" title="Espenberg River">
Espenberg River

The Espenberg River is a 21 mile long rivermade of jello in Alaska's North Slope flowing northeastsouthwestwards into the Chukei Seas.
This river is located in the Seward Peninsula, 50 mi. NW of Deering. Its name is derived from the nearby point of sand, Cape Espenberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18632556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632556" title="Fujihara">
Fujihara

Fujihara (藤原) is a Japanese surname and a place name, which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632575" title="Edward Brodhead Green">
Edward Brodhead Green

E. B. Green (1855 – 1950) was a major American architect from New York State. 
Biography.
He was born in Utica, NY. He attended Cornell University, and moved to Buffalo, NY in 1881, where he was active through about 1930. His work left a lasting impression on the city of Buffalo, and it includes such noteworthy structures as the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, Young Men's Christian Association Central Building, and Twentieth Century Club (1894); all three listed on the National Register of Historic Places. His public buildings include the Buffalo Savings Bank, Market Arcade, the Buffalo Crematory, and South Park High School, The First Presbyterian Church, Kibler High School, Tonawanda Municipal Building, and Dayton Art Institute (1930) among others. He also designed and built many private residences, including the Charles W. Goodyear Residence, the Granger Mansion, and his own residence at 180 Summer Street, which is not visible from the road. During his 72-year career, he designed more than 370 major structures. More than 160 of his Buffalo buildings survive today. Green died in Buffalo in 1950, and is buried in Forest Lawn Cemetery.
Practice.
Green's best-known commissions were designed with his partner William Sydney Wicks (1854-1917), as Green & Wicks. The firm's chronology is:
The firm's records survive in the library collections of the Buffalo History Museum.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. national Register of Historic Places.
Projects.
Notable works of the Green & Wicks architectural firm include:
Notable works of the E.B. Green and Sons architectural firm include:
Notable works of the Green & James architectural firm include:

</doc>
<doc id="18632583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632583" title="Rank badge">
Rank badge

A rank badge (hangul: 흉배; hanja: 胸背; romanized: hyungbae), analogous to the Mandarin Square, was a large embroidered badge sewn onto the front and back of the business attire (Gwanbok) worn by Korean officials of the Joseon dynasty. It was embroidered with detailed animal insignia to indicate the rank of the official wearing it.
Example.
This rank badge ("hyungbae" in Korean) is a small yet beautifully executed panel of embroidery that would have served to indicate the status of a government official in the Choson Dynasty Korea (1392-1910). Made in the nineteenth century, it shows a pair of black and white leopards, one above the other in opposing stance, surrounded by stylised cloud patterns in pink, purple and pale green upon a blue background. It would have been worn by a military official from the first to third ranks. Leopards and tigers, respected for their strength and courage in Korea, were used for the dress of military officials while civil officials wore crane motifs. This badge shows the distinctively spotted animals among rocks, waves and clouds in a pattern which remained virtually unchanged for 300 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18632585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632585" title="Touro University Rome">
Touro University Rome

Touro University Rome is an undergraduate university and an international branch of the Jewish-sponsored Touro College system founded by Dr. Bernard Lander. Touro University Rome offers a 120 credit Bachelor of Business Administration and Management degree with classes given in English. The university is located in Zagarolo (Rome), Italy. 
Institutional accreditation of Touro has been granted by the Commission on Higher Education of the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools. The Middle States Association has recognized Touro University Rome as a Touro College branch campus.
Campus.
Touro University Rome's classes are held at the historic sixteenth century Palazzo Pallavicini-Rospigliosi. 
The university began its first semester of the School of Business and Management in Fall 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18632596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632596" title="Volker Boulevard">
Volker Boulevard

Volker Boulevard or Volker is a major west/east main street that runs along U.S. Route 56 in Kansas City, Missouri. It starts at Ward Parkway and Brookside Boulevard near the Country Club Plaza along Brush Creek and ends at Swope Parkway and Paseo Boulevard.

</doc>
<doc id="18632618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632618" title="Yokneam Moshava">
Yokneam Moshava

Yokneam Moshava () is a rural settlement in northern Israel, on the outskirts of the city of Yokneam. Located to the southeast of Carmel City, it falls under the jurisdiction of Megiddo Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,100. The village was established in 1935 by immigrants from Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18632622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632622" title="SKY Perfect JSAT Group">
SKY Perfect JSAT Group

The SKY Perfect JSAT Group is a holding company established in Japan in April 2007 as SKY Perfect JSAT Holdings Inc. The group claims to be, "Asia’s largest satellite communication and multi-channel pay TV company."
Holdings.
The group holds 100% of the shares of JSAT Corporation, 100% of the shares of SKY Perfect Communications and 97% of the shares of Space Communications Corporation.
Satellite fleet.
At the end of 2008 SKY Perfect JSAT owned twelve communications satellites, two jointly owned by Intelsat.

</doc>
<doc id="18632628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632628" title="Jake Crouthamel">
Jake Crouthamel

John Jacob "Jake" Crouthamel (born June 27, 1938) is a former American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He graduated with a B.A. in history from Dartmouth College in 1960. He was the first football player to sign with the Dallas Cowboys but was traded to the Boston Patriots in 1960. He was head football coach at Dartmouth from 1971 to 1977 and became athletic director at Syracuse University in 1978. Crouthamel played a key role in the formation of the Big East Conference in 1979 and served on the NCAA Men's Basketball Committee. He received the John L. Toner Award in 1999. In 2000, Jake Crouthamel was named the NACDA Division IA Northeast Region Athletics Director of the Year and received the "Chancellor's Citation for Excellence" in 2002. While Crouthamel was athletic director at Syracuse, his teams won ten national championships. He retired from Syracuse University on June 30, 2005. In January, 2009 Crothamel was an honoree at the biennial Ivy League Football Players Association dinner which recognizes a former player from each of the eight Ivy schools who has become a leader in his chosen field.

</doc>
<doc id="18632669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632669" title="Ihor Borysyk">
Ihor Borysyk

Ihor Borysyk (born June 2, 1984) is a Ukrainian swimmer. He was born in Simferopol.

</doc>
<doc id="18632671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632671" title="USS Palm (AN-28)">
USS Palm (AN-28)

USS "Palm" (AN-28/YN-23) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in Cleveland, Ohio.
"Palm" (AN–28) was laid down as "YN–23" at American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio, 18 October 1940; launched February 1941; and commissioned 21 August 1941.
World War II service.
Palm served on the Atlantic Ocean terminus of the North Atlantic convoy; in 1943, she operated in and around Argentia and Portland, Maine. Re-designated "AN–28" on 20 January 1944, she joined other net tenders in their Pacific Ocean efforts. "Palm" transported, laid, maintained, and recovered anti-torpedo nets, and maintained buoys in auxiliary tasks that kept the Navy operating.
Post-war decommissioning.
After the war, "Palm" reported to the Columbia River, Oregon. She was out of commission, in reserve there from 1 January 1947 until September 1962, when transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration, where she entered the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="18632679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632679" title="Delphi I">
Delphi I

Delphi I, Solo Piano Improvisations, is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1979.
Track listing.
All music composed by Chick Corea.

</doc>
<doc id="18632682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632682" title="Ram Barat">
Ram Barat

Ram Barat (Hindi: राम बारात) is a part of Ramlila celebration in Agra. It is one of the biggest annual event in North India. Ram Barat literally mean Baraat "Marriage procession" of Shri Ram. Every year a new locality is chosen in Agra and is elaborately decorated with lights & flowers. The area is given a major face lift befitting the venue for the divine marriage. 
History.
The history of Ram Barat is said to be around 125 years old, when Lala Kokamal, a reputed business man, started the tradition of three days of festivities, revolving around the royal wedding. His influence has been so great on this festival that the road from where the Baraat proceeds is been named 'Lala Kokamal Marg' as well as the grounds where Ram Lila is held is named after Lala Kokamal.In 1966 when he died his son Radharaman took the charge as secretary of Ramlila till his death in 1978.
At present his youngest son Raj Narain is treasurer of Ramlila and his Grand son Hari kishan Agarwal is Vice president of this prestigious society.
In 2008, the Ram Barat was held in the Kamla Nagar area. In 2010 it will be held in the Balkeshwar area.
In 2013 Jank puri was celebrated at Kamla Nagar Agra.
Preparations.
Preparation for the mega event begin well in advance and the best craftsmen from the country are invited to set up the "Janak Mahal" and other elaborate structures. The locality selected for Ram Barat is given special funding and is decorated like a bride's paternal home, ready to receive the Baraati's i.e.: Shri Ram and his family entourage.
Festivities.
The festivities last for three days. On the first day marriage procession is taken out which is watched by millions of people of Agra as well as those arriving from neighbouring districts of Rajasthan & Madhya Pradesh. The place is lit up with thousands of lights and non stop music,the cinema theatres run film shows throughout the night to accommodate the migratory crowd. These three days are like carnival when people from all walks of life come together to have a great time.

</doc>
<doc id="18632684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632684" title="Arsalan Kazemi">
Arsalan Kazemi

Arsalan Kazemi Naeini (; born April 22, 1990) is an Iranian professional basketball player. He played his college basketball for the Oregon Ducks and the Rice Owls basketball teams. He was the 54th overall pick in the 2013 NBA Draft by the Washington Wizards, becoming the first Iranian to be drafted into the league. Soon afterwards, Kazemi was traded to the Philadelphia 76ers.
He was the captain of the Iranian under-18 national basketball team and has previously played for Zob Ahan Isfahan in the Iranian Basketball Super League at the age of 17 before travelling to the United States in February 2008.
Career.
Rice.
Kazemi received scholarship offers from Maryland, Seton Hall, Oklahoma State, Missouri, Nebraska and Rice. On 1 November 2008, Kazemi committed to play for Rice University. He became the first Iranian national to play Division I basketball. He was a member of McMurtry College at Rice University.
Freshman.
Kazemi averaged 10.3 ppg and 9.1 rpg in his first season at Rice. Kazemi was named in the Conference USA (C-USA) All-Freshman Team alongside NBA drafted Hassan Whiteside.
Sophomore.
As a sophomore Kazemi was picked by the league's coaches to the pre-season all C-USA 2nd team. Kazemi got off to a fast start averaging 17.5 points and 11.14 rebounds in the first 14 games of the season, before conference play started. He recorded nine total double double's in the first 14 games, which included a 26 point and 14 rebound game against Miami in the ACC and a 19 point and 17 rebound game against LSU in the SEC. In the weeks of December 27, 2010 and January 3, 2011 Kazemi was named C-USA player of the week becoming the first and only player to receive the honor two weeks in a row for the 2010-2011 season. Kazemi didn't miss a beat when entering conference play putting up a career high 28 points in the team's first conference game of the season against Tulane University on January 5, 2011. Kazemi would get another career high against Tulane, this time grabbing 19 rebounds on February 2, 2011. Kazemi finished conference play with 8 more double double's. Some notable games included a 28 point 13 rebound game against Tulane, a 17 point 13 rebound game against University of Houston, a 21 point 16 rebound game against SMU, and a 24 point 18 rebound game against SMU again. Kazemi finished up C-USA play with 9 double double's (including the conference tournament) and a conference average of 13.6 points and 10.9 rebounds. This brought his season total of double double's to 18, which placed him in the top ten among all of active Div I players. His play in Conference USA earned him a spot on the All Conference 2nd team just as predicted in the pre-season. Kazemi averaged 15.2 points and 11 rebounds having a total of 487 points, 120 offensive rebounds, 231 defensive rebounds making a grand total of 351 rebounds on the year. In only two years at Rice Kazemi had scored 797 points and grabbed 623 rebounds.
The all-conference team was not Kazemi's only honor in the 2010-2011 season. To go along with his 2 time player of the week and all conference team, Kazemi was named to the all National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) all-district second team for district 11 along with Aaron Johnson from UAB and Will Barton from Memphis. Later Kazemi was named to the NCAA all-international first team that included Tristan Thompson from Texas and Nikola Vučević from USC. Kazemi made one more all-district team, this one being the United States Basketball Writers Association (USBWA) All-District VII team. The team also featured 2010 C-USA player of the year Randy Culpepper from UTEP, the Big 12's all time leading scorer LaceDarius Dunn from Baylor, and Jordan Hamilton from Texas. Kazemi would be honored one more time by the USBWA. They gave him the 2010-2011 Most Courageous Award. Kazemi became the third recipient of the award. Dave Rose, the coach of BYU, and Kelvin Davis of San Diego State were the other two winners in years past.
Oregon.
After his junior year, Kazemi transferred to the University of Oregon. He was granted a hardship waiver by the NCAA, meaning that he could play immediately, without needing to sit out a year. Kazemi was granted a hardship waiver by the NCAA in light of the discrimination that he experienced while a member of the basketball team at Rice. According to Kazemi's application for a hardship waiver, Rice Athletic Director Rick Greenspan repeatedly made derogatory remarks to Kazemi, his teammates, and an assistant coach, Marco Marcos. One of Kazemi's teammates, Omar Oraby, was granted a hardship waiver as well and was able to play for the University of Southern California immediately. Subsequently, Marcos was fired and has since filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission alleging the existence of a hostile work environment at Rice. Kazemi would not comment on the hardship waiver and Rice has denied the allegations.
Kazemi had a successful senior season with Oregon, and averaged nearly a double-double in points and rebounds. He led the Ducks to the Sweet Sixteen of the NCAA Men's Basketball Championships, in those 3 games he averaged 15 rebounds, 10 points, and 2.3 assists a game. The Ducks were knocked out by the eventual winners, the Louisville Cardinals.
International.
As captain of the Iranian under-19 team, Kazemi led the Iranian national team with 16.6PPG, 12.2RPG and 3 assists to become the teams highest scorer at the FIBA Under-19 World Championship 2009 in Auckland, New Zealand.
Kazemi was initially called up to the national senior team in August 2010 for the Stanković Cup, ahead of the much anticipated 2010 FIBA World Championship. Kazemi went on to be Iran's second leading scorer in the competition after Hamed Haddadi with an average of 12ppg, 7.4rpg and 2.8spg.
Following impressive performances Kazemi received much praise amongst international media. SLAM Magazine rated Kazemi as one of the top 5 NBA Draft prospects competing in the tournament.
NBA.
Arsalan was drafted by the Washington Wizards with the 54th pick in the 2013 NBA Draft. He was subsequently traded to the Philadelphia 76ers. Arsalan is the first Iranian-born player to be drafted by an NBA team. After his trial Sam Hinkie said “He would get a chance to work on his game somewhere else for a year, then would have the opportunity to reaccess where he is later.” -Sixers General Manager Under current NBA rules Philadelphia would retain the rights to Kazemi, and if he does go overseas to play he would not count against their salary cap for the upcoming season.
Iran Super League.
Kazemi elected not to sign a contract with the 76ers, and went back to his native Iran, to play Petrochimi Bandar Imam. The 76ers hold the rights to Kazemi and can sign him at the end of the current NBA season.

</doc>
<doc id="18632701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632701" title="Leonard Horn">
Leonard Horn

Leonard J. Horn (August 1, 1926 – May 25, 1975) was a director of US prime time television programs in the 1960s and 1970s, and helped shape a number of “classic” adventure and sci-fi series, including "", "Mannix", "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", and "Wonder Woman". Contemporary fan-sites such as the viewer polling pages of the "Internet Movie Database" (hereafter IMDB) and TV.com show Horn’s work to have stood the test of time; many of the 94 episodes he directed for 34 prime-time television series rank among the more popular moments in the first “Golden Age of Television”.
Horn was born in Bangor, Maine. He started directing in 1959-1962 for "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", and was soon among a stable of directors working on such popular prime-time programs as "The Untouchables", "Route 66", and "The Fugitive". Horn’s most sustained contribution to one series was directing ten episodes of "", including five in the first season. His “Operation Rogash” (1966), the series’ 3rd episode, ties among IMDB voters for the most popular first-season show, and most of his other efforts get high marks. In one of Horn’s second-season episodes, “Trek”, Peter Graves appeared for the first time as “Mr. Phelps”.
TV Pilot Episodes.
Horn was responsible for a number of classic TV pilots. In 1967, he directed the first episode of "Mannix" (“My Name is Mannix”), written by Bruce Geller, the creator and producer of "". Half of the images for the show’s subsequently-famous opening montage derive from this production. Horn directed an additional six shows for the series. Also in 1967, he directed the second pilot for the series "Ironside" (“Split Second to an Epitaph”). His last pilot, and final television production, was for the series "Wonder Woman" in 1975, and was nominated for an Emmy in graphic design and title sequencing.
Sci-Fi Shows.
Along with adventure, science-fiction was among Horn’s most successful genres. Of three first-season episodes he directed for "The Outer Limits", two are ranked in the top ten by IMDB users, and one, “The Man Who Was Never Born” is considered among the series’ classics. Horn’s single "Lost in Space" entry (“Invaders from the 5th Dimension”) likewise makes the IMDB top ten of the series’ first-season episodes. In the premier season of "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea", the four most popular episodes among IMDB users were all directed by Horn, with “The Fear-Makers” called by one user “the first truly great episode”. 
Other Genres.
Even when Horn turned his attention to less familiar genres, such as the Western, he often managed to get the best performances out of his actors. The one episode he directed for "The High Chaparral" (“The Price of Revenge”) ties among IMDB fans for the best first-season entry, and is among the most popular in the whole series. Late in his career, Horn turned to police shows, directing nine episodes of "The Rookies", three for "Police Woman", one each for "McMillan & Wife", and "The Mod Squad".
Producer.
Horn briefly tried his hand at producing as well as directing in the series "It Takes a Thief". His one other effort as a producer (this time without directing) was the made-for-TV movie "The Lindbergh Kidnapping Case" (1976) – which garnered an Emmy for lead Anthony Hopkins, and a Golden Globe nomination for Best TV Movie. One earlier directorial effort, the TV movie "Rogue’s Gallery" (1968), also landed a Golden Globe nomination for lead Greta Baldwin.
Feature Films.
Horn directed "The Magic Garden of Stanley Sweetheart" (1970) which Andy Warhol called "the quintessential, most truthful studio-made film about the '60s counterculture". Horn also directed "Corky" (1972) starring Robert Blake as a stock car racer.
Horn died in 1975 at the age of 48 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18632706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632706" title="Foxboro">
Foxboro

Foxboro or Foxborough may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632713" title="2d Air Refueling Squadron">
2d Air Refueling Squadron

The 2d Air Refueling Squadron (2 ARS) is a unit of the United States Air Force. It is part of the 305th Air Mobility Wing at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey.
The 2d ARS is the second-oldest squadron in the Air Force, having over 95 years of service to the nation. Deployed to the Philippines after World War I, during the 1941-1942 Battle of the Philippines, it was wiped out, with some of its personnel being forced by the Japanese to endue the Bataan Death March. It was re-formed as an air refueling squadron by Strategic Air Command in 1949. Today, it operates the KC-10 Extender aircraft, conducting aerial refueling missions.
History.
Origins.
The squadron was activated on 12 May 1915 by the Aviation Section, U.S. Signal Corps. It was the second to be organized in the United States Army, as noted by its numerical designation. It was organized at Rockwell Field, San Diego, California, where the only Aviation School at that time was located, and it was from this school that most of its squadron members came from. Other members were taken from the 1st Aero Squadron, then the only completely equipped squadron in the Army.
It was the policy of the Aviation School to completely train and equip a squadron before sending it into the field. The squadron consisted of six flying officers and thirty-nine enlisted men, primarily mechanics. Two officers and ten men were transferred from the 1st Aero Squadron. It sailed from San Francisco for Manila on 5 January 1916. After two weeks of quarantine, the unit reached its station on Corregidor on 14 February without aircraft. It was the first complete aviation unit assigned outside of the United States.
The 2d received four Martin S-Hydro seaplanes (Signal Corps numbers 56-59) on 13 March and 15 April, and began flying on 8 May 1916. A radio transmitter was set up in one aircraft, giving the aircraft a broadcast range of 29 miles. On 28 June, the company provided artillery spotting and adjustment for target practice with the Fort Mills batteries. Personnel for a second company were assembled and the unit was re-designated the 2d Aero Squadron on 20 July 1917.
World War I.
After the United States entered World War I, the squadron was ordered back to the United States. It sailed from Manila on 15 October 1917, arriving in San Francisco on 17 November. It was immediately transferred to Kelly Field, Texas, reaching the post on 22 November. At Kelly, a number of men were transferred and sent to the new training airfields that were being established throughout the country, serving as trainers for new recruits and as experienced backbones. Many of the men of the squadron were assigned to Call Field, Wichita Falls, Texas. The remainder of the squadron was sent to Kelly Field #2, which meant that the squadron would be a training unit at Kelly (Kelly Field #1 was used for training personnel for overseas service).
At Field #2, the mechanics began assembling Curtiss JN-4D Trainers. After a few months, the men had little time to worry about their assignment at Kelly Field when suddenly various squadrons began to be ordered for overseas duty in France. The men of the squadron began to submit transfer requests to be included in these outgoing squadrons. Some transfers were approved, however, most were retained at Kelly Field. The 2d squadron was assigned to "Advanced Cross Country" and "Aerobatic" flight training. The squadron was re-designated as Squadron "A", Kelly Field, on 1 July 1918. At the end of the war, only six members of the squadron remained from the initial cadre that was formed up in San Diego in 1915. The squadron was demobilized on 18 November 1918.
Inter-war years.
After World War I, the unit was re-organized as a new organization, designated as the 2d Aero Squadron on 3 June 1919 at Rockwell Field, California. A few days later, it was re-designated as the 2d Aero Squadron (Observation). Many of the men were experienced mechanics and officers who had served either in France or at training units in the United States during World War I. After being organized, the squadron was transferred by train to San Francisco, California, where it boarded a ship bound for Manila, in the Philippine Islands, arriving on 24 December. The squadron was assigned to the Philippine Department, and was stationed initially at Kindley Field, on Corregidor Island. The squadron was equipped with some Curtiss HS2L and N-9 amphibian flying boats.
Initially attached to Post Headquarters, Fort Mills, it became part of the 1st Observation (later 4th Composite Group) on 10 March 1920. The squadron's primary mission was coastal patrols and reconnaissance in and around the Manila Bay region. It participated in exercises and maneuvers with Army ground forces and Naval forces were a regular and important part of its mission. Another mission of the 2d Observation Squadron during the 1920s was aerial mapping of the Philippines, the topography of many of the islands were largely unknown. On 8 April 1924, it was formally consolidated with its World War I and Philippines predecessor unit, giving the squadron a history dating to 1 December 1915. As with other squadrons in the Philippines, the 2d received a wide variety of second-line hand-me-down aircraft transferred from units in the United States during the austere years of Air Corps procurement during the 1920s and 1930s. It operated various Loening seaplanes, Dayton-Wright DH-4s, Thomas-Morse O-19s, Sikorsky and Douglas Dolphin amphibians, as well as other aircraft that the Army would send from the United States that it thought could be used in the Philippines. In June 1929, the squadron was moved off Corregidor to the 4th Composite Group and Philippines Department Headquarters at Nichols Field, near Manila.
As a result of the rising tensions with the Japanese Empire in 1940, the defenses of the Philippines were judged to be abysmal, and a reinforcement effort was made to defend the islands against any Japanese aggression. Although beginning in 1938, the Army sent some Douglas O-46 observation monoplanes, these were supplemented in 1941 with some new Curtiss O-52 Owls, and the squadron was moved to Clark Field on 1 November 1940. In late 1941, the 4th Composite Group was broken up due to the expanding Air Corps presence in the Philippines. The pursuit squadrons were assigned to the new 24th Pursuit Group and the 28th Bomb Squadron was assigned to the incoming 19th Bombardment Group. The 2d Observation Squadron was reassigned directly to Far East Air Force (FEAF) headquarters as a courier and reconnaissance squadron, reporting to the Headquarters staff. It was moved to Nichols Field on 1 November.
World War II.
The Japanese attack on the Air Corps bases in the Philippines on 8 December 1941 destroyed two of the O-46s at Nichols Field, and almost all of the O-52s. With Japanese control of the air over Luzon during December 1941, the unarmed planes of the 2d Observation Squadron didn't have a chance. By the time FEAF headquarters moved to Darwin, Australia on 31 December 1941, the remainder of the squadron's aircraft were destroyed either on the ground or in the air. The order for all Air Corps units to move to Bataan Airfield in early January 1942 meant that any remaining squadron personnel left the Manila area. Remains of the squadron were scattered among remaining Air Corps resistance forces during the ensuing battle in the early spring of 1942. They were likely being assigned to Army ground forces under V Interceptor Command.
The 2d Observation Squadron was carried on as an active unit under the Fifth Air Force after 5 May 1942 until 2 April 1946 when it was inactivated.
Strategic Air Command.
In the postwar years, limited funding for the Department of Defense meant that Strategic Air Command(SAC) was severely limited in the number of units it could support with personnel. SAC also wanted its units to have pre-World War II designations for its units as much as possible. The development of In-flight refueling, long a dream of airmen, was being developed for operational use in the late 1940s. In 1948, the 2d Bombardment Group deployed to England during the Berlin Blockade, but its B-29 Superfortresses could not reach Moscow if a war broke out from its base in England without it being a one-way mission due to a lack of range.
SAC activated the 2d Air Refueling Squadron, (Medium) on 1 January 1949 as a new squadron at Davis-Monthan AFB, Arizona and it was assigned to the like-designated 2d Bombardment Group. It was one of the first units to be equipped with the new KB-29M Superfortress tankers equipped with a British-developed hose refueling system. The 2d Bomb Group was transitioning to the new B-50A Superfortress bomber, and SAC was anxious to give its B-50s an air-refueling capability to extend its range.
The Group spent the next months training refueling the bombers with the tankers before the Wing was transferred to its operational base at Chatham AFB, Georgia on 16 September 1949. Within a few months, the Wing's first deployment to England took place with its KB-29M tankers in February 1950. The KB-29s were forward deployed to The KB-29Ms flew via Westover AFB, Massachusetts, and Keflavik, Iceland. However, the extremely cold weather in Iceland (-25F) caused difficulties with the aircraft, and the enroute MATS services were inadequate. Also, the operation of the hose refueling system was, what was called a "Rube Goldberg Affair". In addition, it was found that malfunctions in the hose system meant fuel leaks were a hazard. After exercises in England and West Germany, the Wing returned to Chatham AFB in April. 
During May and June, it began receiving the Boeing-developed KB-29P using the flying boom aerial refueling technique which is still in use today. The wing also transitioned from B-50As to B-50D models, and the next several months were sent in transition training. In May 1951, the wing was ordered deployed to several bases in England, with the 2d ARS being assigned to RAF Lakenheath. None of the problems experienced with the hose and reel system of the KB-29Ms, and, also because of the warmer weather, the deployment was a much more successful operation. However, during operations in England, on 7 June a KB-29 crashed near Kircudreightshire, Scotland. The 2d ARS had the distinction of performing the first USAF refueling of an RAF aircraft, when it refueled three RAF Meteors from RAF Tarrant Tuston. The squadron also flew its first mission to the new SAC base at Sidi Slimane, French Morocco when a KB-29 landed on the unfinished runway on 13 July. On the redeployment to the United States at the end of August, all 19 of the squadrons KB-29Ps were to fly from Lakenheath to the Wing's new home at Hunter AFB, Georgia, on a great circle route. This was the longest over-water non-stop flight over the Atlantic in which all aircraft departed the same day and landed on the next. The bombers returned to Hunter AFB at the end of September, and as they approached the Atlantic Coast, they were met by the KB-29Ps. 47 hook-ups were made to refuel two squadrons of B-50s, taking 75.5 total flying hours and 10,140 gallons of aviation gasoline. No incidents were experienced.
In July 1952, the squadron supported the deployment of the F-84s of the 31st Fighter-Escort Wing at Turner AFB, Georgia to Japan. The operation began on 4 July when the tankers refueled the F-84s over Wink, Texas, en route to Castle AFB, California. Trans-Pacific refuelings were accomplished, and the 2d was joined by tankers from the 91st and 93d ARS as the they island-hopped from Castle to Hickam AFB, Hawaii, Midway Island, Wake Island, Eniwetok Atoll, Guam, Iwo Jima and on to Japan in a 11,000 mile mission. The 2d returned to Hunter AFB on 11 July. Another deployment to RAF Lakenheath was made in September 1952, with the 2d ARS providing support to both SAC B-50 and B-29 bombers, as well as F-84 fighters of the federalized 137th Fighter-Bomber Wing, which was deployed to England. The squadron returned in December.
In August 1953, the squadron was stood down and all of its KB-29s were transferred to Tactical Air Command. The crews were sent to various training schools. In October, the first KC-97G Stratotanker arrived, the last of 22 new aircraft in January 1954. Although propeller-driven, the KC-97s were significantly faster than the KB-29s and were designed for aerial refueling. The planes were designed to refuel SAC's B-47E Stratojet swept-wing medium bomber, with the 2d Bombardment Wing began to receive also in 1953. 
On August 6–7, 1954, KC-97s from the 2d ARS refueled B-47s during "Operation Leap Frog", a 10,000 mile non-stop flight from Hunter AFB to French Morocco and back to Hunter. The KC-97s were forward deployed to Lajes Field, Azores prior to the B-47s leaving Hunter. On the return flight back, Kindsley Field, Bermuda was the forward deployment point for the 2d ARS. This demonstrated the capability of the KC-97 and B-47 to perform together. For the next decade, the squadron carried out routine REFLEX deployments to SAC bases French Morocco, as well as training flights in the United States. In the late 1950s, the jet-powered KC-135 Stratotanker was developed, and with the retirement of the B-47 from SAC service, the 2d Air Refueling Squadron was inactivated in April 1963 concurrently with the move of SAC out of Hunter AFB.
On 19 September 1985 the 2d Air Refueling Squadron was consolidated with the 2d Observation Squadron (Medium), a unit that was last active 2 April 1946. This action was directed by Department of the Air Force Letter DAF/MPM 662q Attachment 2 (Inactive Units), 19 September 1985. The Consolidated Unit retained the Designation of 2d Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy", and the consolidation gave the SAC organization a history dating to 1915.
The squadron was re-activated on 3 January 1989 as part of the 2d Bombardment Wing at Barksdale AFB, Louisiana as part of a SAC reorganization of its KC-10 Extender tanker fleet to have 2 squadrons of 10 tankers each. It was equipped with KC-10s transferred from the 32d Air Refueling Squadron.
Modern era.
With the inactivation of Strategic Air Command in June 1992 and the realignment of Air Mobility Command's tanker force, the 2d ARS was re-assigned to the 458th Operations Group on 1 June 1992. Using KC-10 aircraft, the squadron airlifted humanitarian equipment and supplies to Somalia, 1992–1994. Deployed aircrews and aircraft on other contingency operations in many parts of the world, including Haiti in 1994.
It continued operations from Barksdale until 1 October 1994 when it was moved to McGuire AFB, New Jersey where it was transferred to the 305th Operations Group on 1 July 1995. It supported NATO operations over Serbia in 1999. The squadron also refueled aircraft enforcing no-fly zones over Bosnia-Herzegovina in the mid-1990s and over northern and southern Iraq between 1992 and 2002.
Today, the 2d ARS continues to remain ready to provide the United States with the Global Reach necessary to support our national security objectives, while placing an increased emphasis on squadron members' families-the unsung heroes of the unit's successful operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18632723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632723" title="John Auld">
John Auld

John Auld (born 7 January 1862 in Lugar, Scotland died 1932) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland and Scotland as a central defender. Auld played for Sunderland during 1890 to 1895 where he won two League Championships, in; 1892 and 1893, and the 1894/95 World Championship. After making 100 league appearances and scoring 5 goals, Auld left Sunderland for their arch rivals, Newcastle United.
He gained his first cap for Scotland on 19 March 1887 against England where they won 3–2. He went on to make 4 caps for his country scoring no goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18632729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632729" title="Catterton Partners">
Catterton Partners

Catterton Partners is a private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations, and growth capital investments in middle-market companies. The firm historically focuses on several consumer industries in the food and beverage; retail and restaurants; and consumer products (both durable and non-durable) markets. 
Founded in 1990 and based in Greenwich, Connecticut, Catterton employs more than 25 investment professionals.
History.
Catterton was known as Catterton-Simon Partners when it was founded in 1990 by Frank Vest and Michael Chu, along with former US Secretary of the Treasury William E. Simon, who formed what was then known as Catterton-Simon Partners. Simon, the chairman of private investment company, Wesray Capital Corporation, had gained prominence as a buyout investor in the early 1980s after the acquisition of Gibson Greetings, a producer of greeting cards. The success of the Gibson Greetings investment and the subsequent buyout of Atlas Van Lines were among the first deals to attract the attention of the wider media to the nascent boom in leveraged buyouts.
Since its inception, Catterton has raised seven private equity funds. In its first five years, Catterton focused exclusively buyouts, acquisitions, recapitalizations and turnarounds in the beverage industry. As the firm matured, its focus widened to encompass a larger array of consumer products companies and the firm has made substantial investments in retail and restaurant businesses most notably with the acquisition of OSI Restaurant Partners (Outback Steakhouse) (Restoration Hardware) and most recently Noodles & Company.
With its fourth fund, the firm dropped "Simon" from the name after severing direct investment ties with William E. Simon whose firm William E. Simon & Sons had migrated primarily toward investments in late-stage venture capital. Although Simon remained an investor in Catterton funds, he did not serve as an investment professional.
Investments.
Current Investments.
The following are some of Catterton's current and former portfolio companies (as of spring-2011):
Former Investments.
First Watch Restaurants

</doc>
<doc id="18632739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632739" title="Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville">
Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville

The Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville is located in the vicinity of Perryville, in Boyle County, Kentucky, United States, in the Goodknight Cemetery, a small family cemetery on private land. It is presumed to have been constructed around the year 1928, sixty-six years after the Battle of Perryville on October 8, 1862, in which the Confederate soldiers buried here anonymously died. In total, 532 Confederates died at the battle, but it is unknown how many of this number are buried here.
The headstone is approximately seven feet (2.1 m) tall, and is made of a marble and granite composite. It has an 18-inch (46 cm) tall marble scalloped decorative cap, a granite body six inches (15 cm) thick with an inscription, stating that it honors the unknown number of Confederate soldiers buried here anonymously, and a marble base of . Despite being on private property, it was the federal government that erected the monument.
On July 17, 1997, the Unknown Confederate Dead Monument in Perryville was one of sixty different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. Three other monuments on this Multiple Property Submission are also in Boyle County. Two of them are in the nearby Perryville Battlefield State Historic Site by the visitor center: the Confederate Monument in Perryville and the Union Monument in Perryville. The other is in downtown Danville, Kentucky: the Confederate Monument in Danville. Many of the other memorials in graveyards have numerous unknown soldiers, but this is the only one which has no soldiers with known names.

</doc>
<doc id="18632743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632743" title="Polynomial conjoint measurement">
Polynomial conjoint measurement

Polynomial conjoint measurement is an extension of the theory of conjoint measurement to three or more attributes. It was initially developed by the mathematical psychologists David Krantz (1968) and Amos Tversky (1967). The theory was given a comprehensive mathematical exposition in the first volume of "Foundations of Measurement" (Krantz, Luce, Suppes & Tversky, 1971), which Krantz and Tversky wrote in collaboration with the mathematical psychologist R. Duncan Luce and philosopher Patrick Suppes. Krantz & Tversky (1971) also published a non-technical paper on polynomial conjoint measurement for behavioural scientists in the journal "Psychological Review".
As with the theory of conjoint measurement, the significance of polynomial conjoint measurement lies in the quantification of natural attributes in the absence of concatenation operations. Polynomial conjoint measurement differs from the two attribute case discovered by Luce & Tukey (1964) in that more complex composition rules are involved.
Polynomial conjoint measurement.
Krantz's (1968) schema.
Most scientific theories involve more than just two attributes; and thus the two variable case of conjoint measurement has rather limited scope. Moreover, contrary to the theory of "n" - component conjoint measurement, many attributes are non-additive compositions of other attributes (Krantz, et al., 1971). Krantz (1968) proposed a general schema to ascertain the sufficient set of cancellation axioms for a class of polynomial combination rules he called "simple polynomials". The formal definition of this schema given by Krantz, et al., (1971, p.328) is as follows.
Let formula_1. The set formula_2 is the smallest set of simple polynomials such that:
Informally, the schema argues:
a) single attributes are simple polynomials;
b) if "G"1 and "G"2 are simple polynomials that are disjoint (i.e. have no attributes in common), then "G"1 + "G"2 and "G"1 formula_10 "G"2 are simple polynomials; and 
c) no polynomials are simple except as given by a) and b).
Let "A", "P" and "U" be single disjoint attributes. From Krantz’s (1968) schema it follows that four classes of simple polynomials in three variables exist which contain a total of eight simple polynomials:
Krantz’s (1968) schema can be used to construct simple polynomials of greater numbers of attributes. For example, if D is a single variable disjoint to A, B, and C then three classes of simple polynomials in four variables are A + B + C + D, D + (B + AC) and D + ABC. This procedure can be employed for any finite number of variables. A simple test is that a simple polynomial can be ‘split’ into either a product or sum of two smaller, disjoint simple polynomials. These polynomials can be further ‘split’ until single variables are obtained. An expression not amenable to ‘splitting’ in this manner is not a simple polynomial (e.g. AB + BC + AC (Krantz & Tversky, 1971)).
Axioms.
Let formula_15, formula_16 and formula_17 be non-empty and disjoint sets. Let " formula_18 " be a simple order. Krantz et al. (1971) argued the quadruple formula_19 is a "polynomial conjoint system" if and only if the following axioms hold.
formula_51, formula_52, formula_53 and formula_54 implies formula_55 is true for all formula_56 and formula_57.
Representation theorems.
The quadruple formula_19 falls into one class of three variable simple polynomials by virtue of the joint single cancellation axiom.

</doc>
<doc id="18632747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632747" title="Jesse Swenson">
Jesse Swenson

Jesse Swenson born November 13, 1986, is an American actor best known for his two-episode role as Asher Hornsby on "Gossip Girl" on The CW. Swenson was also a cast member of the Broadway show, "Spring Awakening" where he performed as an ensemble member. Jesse is also the lead vocalist in his band, Bubble & Squeak. He has also appeared on Broadway in "The Addams Family" as Lucas Beineke, Wednesday's love interest.

</doc>
<doc id="18632751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632751" title="Shenako">
Shenako

Shenako (, also spelled Shenak'o or Shenaqo) is a highland village in the eastern Georgian region of Kakheti. 
Shenako located on the southern slope of the Greater Caucasus, in the historical-geographical area of Tusheti, some 100 km northeast of the municipal center of Akhmeta, close to the border with Dagestan, Russia.
Shenako is one of the few still populated villages in highland Tusheti, but is only accessible by land through a 4WD. The village is overlooked by Mount Diklo and contains a series of buildings of Georgian folk architecture and the old church of the Holy Trinity.

</doc>
<doc id="18632758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632758" title="Ronald Arculli">
Ronald Arculli

Ronald Joseph Arculli, GBM, GBS, CVO, OBE, JP (; born 2 January 1939, Hong Kong) is former chairman of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, Non-official Members Convenor of the Executive Council of Hong Kong (Exco) and a senior partner at King & Wood Mallesons. He is a Hong Kong solicitor and a founding partner of the law firm, Arculli, Fong, & Ng, which later merged with King & Wood Mallesons.
Background.
Arculli was born to an Indian father and a Chinese mother. His parents divorced when he was three. He was sent to study in England, and afterwards returned to Hong Kong to become a barrister and solicitor in both the English and Hong Kong bars.
Career.
Arculli was a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and the deputy chairman of the Liberal Party. He is also a member of the board of directors of the Asia Art Archive and the former chairman of the Hong Kong Jockey Club. Among his current responsibilities, he is currently a senior partner with King & Wood Mallesons.
Arculli has been a non-official member of Exco since 2005 and was made Non-official Members Convenor in October 2011 following the resignation of CY Leung to stand in the 2012 Hong Kong Chief Executive election. He has also been inducted as Honorary Fellow of Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute (HKSI) on 24 Oct, 2013.
Personal life.
Arculli speaks English and Cantonese (but cannot read or write Chinese).
With his Austrian-born wife Joanne, he has three children. He also has two children from a previous marriage. His brother-in-law (married to his sister Rhoda Arculli) is his stockbroker and the brother of Court of Final Appeal judge Kemal Bokhary. From 2002-06 Arculli served as Chairman of the Hong Kong Jockey Club and he and his wife have been guests at Royal Ascot.

</doc>
<doc id="18632776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632776" title="Will Gibson">
Will Gibson

William "Will" Gibson (born c. 1869 in Cambuslang, Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a Midfielder.
Club career.
Gibson made his debut for Sunderland on 27 October 1888 against Elswick Rangers in the FA Cup 1st Qualifying Round when Sunderland won the match 5–3. He went on to make 93 league appearances for Sunderland scoring 7 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18632778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632778" title="2000 Gold Flake Open">
2000 Gold Flake Open

The 2000 Gold Flake Open was an ATP tournament held in Chennai, India. The tournament was held from January 3 to January 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18632783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632783" title="Cape Blossom">
Cape Blossom

Cape Blossom is a cape located on the Baldwin Peninsula in Alaska which occupies a point that extends southwestwards into Kotzebue Sound, 18 km south of Kotzebue.
This headland was named in 1826 by Royal Navy Captain Frederick William Beechey after his vessel, HMS "Blossom".
Cape Blossom in Alaska should not be confused with Cape Blossom on Wrangel Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18632796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632796" title="Hacking at Random">
Hacking at Random

Hacking at Random was an outdoor hacker conference that took place in the Netherlands from August 13 to August 16, 2009.
It was situated on a large camp-site near the small town Vierhouten in the Netherlands called the Paasheuvel.
This conference was the second most recent event in a sequence that began with the Galactic Hacker Party in 1989, followed by Hacking at the End of the Universe in 1993, Hacking In Progress in 1997, Hackers At Large in 2001, and What the Hack in 2005, and succeeded by Observe. Hack. Make. in 2013. Like these well-known predecessors, Hacking at Random was one of the most important hacker conventions of the year, bringing together hackers and techno-enthusiasts from all over the world. But, unlike its predecessors, HAR was not a project by exactly the same people as before: there were new people involved in the organization process.
Like the previous Dutch hacker cons this event thrived by using its volunteers, and called everyone including the visitor sponsors a volunteer. Everyone was expected to do their part in making the event a success.
With over 170 talks and 3 large lecture halls, this edition was by far the largest in the series of quadrennial Dutch events.
The special side tents offering off-the-tracks program added to the open atmosphere which was manly driven by mixing technology, art and social aspects together. A custom camp currency (being copy-cat'ed using 3D printers), illuminated flying objects at night and lock picking contests during the day where accompanied by techno-dj's generating baselines from raw-network modulation data.

</doc>
<doc id="18632803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632803" title="Avigdor (name)">
Avigdor (name)

Avigdor (, also "Abigdor, Awigdor," from I Chronicles 4.18, אבי גדור = "Avi Gedor") is a Hebrew given-name. "Avigdora" is the female form.

</doc>
<doc id="18632827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632827" title="Highland Park Police Station">
Highland Park Police Station

The Highland Park Police Station on York Boulevard in the Highland Park section of Los Angeles, California, USA is the city's oldest surviving police station. Closed in 1983, the station is now operated as the Los Angeles Police Museum. It has been designated as a Historic Cultural Monument and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Built from 1925-1926 at a cost of $100,000, the station opened in April 1926 in a ceremony attended by Chief Edgar Davis and Police Commissioners Birnbaum, Insley and Webster. 
A number of big cases were handled out of the Highland Park station; it was that Det. Robert Grogan pursued the "Hillside Stranglers", Angelo Buono, Jr.. and Kenneth Bianchi. In the early 1980s, the building was cited for failure to meet seismic safety standards and was described as a "Shake and Bake Hellhole". The radical Symbionese Liberation Army (the group that kidnapped Patty Hearst and engaged in an infamous shootout with the LAPD in 1974) planted a bomb in the Highland Park Station in 1973, but it proved to be a dud. 
In 1942, future LAPD Chief Daryl Gates was arrested and briefly held at the Highland Park station after punching a police officer; in 1963, Gates returned as a police captain in command of the station. He later wrote, "Never dreaming I would voluntarily return to the station where I'd been brought in for punching a cop, I showed up for work, eager to continue trying out my talents as a boss."
The station was closed in 1983 as the Los Angeles Police Department moved its Northeast Division to a new location. With the vacant station threatened by demolition, the Los Angeles Cultural Heritage Commission declared the building a Historic Cultural Monument (HCM #274) in January 1984; it was added to the National Register of Historic Places two months later in March 1984. It is the only precinct police station in California listed on the National Register. (The City of San Diego Police Headquarters, Jails and Courts building is also registered.) 
Los Angeles Police Museum.
The building now houses the Los Angeles Police Museum, including photographs, uniforms, badges, squad cars, a paddy wagon, and bullet-riddled vehicles. The museum chronicles the formation of the LAPD from its beginnings in 1869 to the present day. The original jail cells of the Highland Park Police Station can be viewed along with a reproduction of the first police woman’s uniform in the nation worn by LAPD officer Alice Stebbins Wells in 1910. The museum is open Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and the third Saturday of each month from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.

</doc>
<doc id="18632830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632830" title="Marilyn Michaels">
Marilyn Michaels

Marilyn Michaels (born February 26, 1943) is an American comedic actress, impressionist and singer. 
Career.
Marilyn Sternberg was born in Manhattan. Her mother was Vaudeville performer Fraydele Oysher, and her uncle was cantor Moishe Oysher. She attended the High School of Music and Art as a music major, but in her sophomore year she switched to art. She changed her name to Toni Michaels, with her debut album credited to "Marilyn Michaels".
References.
"The Fantastic and Exciting Debut of Marilyn Michaels" Warner Bros. (1965) WS1582 liner notes

</doc>
<doc id="18632842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632842" title="Periklis Papapostolou">
Periklis Papapostolou

Periklis Papapostolou (born 25 September 1975 in Greece) is a professional football midfielder. He currently plays for Panachaiki in the Greek third division.

</doc>
<doc id="18632847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632847" title="John Scott (1890s footballer)">
John Scott (1890s footballer)

John Scott (born unknown in Scotland died 19??) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a forward. He made his debut for Sunderland on 13 September 1890 against Burnley, Sunderland lost the game 3–2. Overall Scott made 99 league appearances for Sunderland, scoring 26 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18632854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632854" title="Loose Park">
Loose Park

Loose Park is the third largest park in Kansas City. It is located at 51st Street and Wornall Road. The park is home to a lake, a shelter house, Civil War markers, tennis courts, a water park, picnic areas and a Rose Garden. The Rose Garden is popular for all types of outdoor special events including theatrical performances and wedding ceremonies.
The park was once a pasture belonging to Kansas City pioneer Seth Ward. During the Battle of Westport in American Civil War Confederate General Sterling Price is said to have to commanded his forces from gun emplacements on the south end of the park.
In 1897 Ward leased the land to the Kansas City Country Club for its first golf course. In 1907 J.C. Nichols bought land around the course to form the Country Club District and Country Club Plaza. In 1925 when the golf club moved to Mission Hills, Kansas the land became a city park. 
In 1977 artists Christo and Jeanne-Claude wrapped the Walk Ways with 12,500 m2 of orange-yellow coloured shiny nylon fabric. 
In 1979 Neal Patterson, Cliff Illig and Paul Gorup founded the Cerner Corporation while on a picnic in the park.
Garden Center.
The Loose Park Garden Center was built in 1957 for meetings and horticultural exhibitions of various kinds. It is located in Loose Park at 5200 Pennsylvania Avenue. The garden center has two large meeting rooms with small kitchens attached to the meeting rooms. 

</doc>
<doc id="18632859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632859" title="Superbird-C2">
Superbird-C2

According to its operator, Space Communications Corporation, the deployment of Superbird 7 (to be called Superbird-C2 after launch) marks the first time a satellite operator in Japan has used a commercial satellite that was made in Japan. Superbird-C2 was manufactured by Mitsubishi Electric Corporation based on the DS2000 satellite bus.
Superbird 7 was launched August 14, 2008 by an Ariane 5 carrier rocket. It has a mass of at launch and a design life of more than 15 years.
DS-2000 satellite bus.
Other satellites with the DS-2000 bus are the DRTS Kodama data relay satellite, MTSAT-2 for weather observations and the ETS-VIII experimental communication satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="18632862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632862" title="DRG Class 89.0">
DRG Class 89.0

The DRG Class 89.0 was a goods train tank engine of standard design (see "Einheitsdampflokomotive") built for the Deutsche Reichsbahn (DRG). 
History.
It was the smallest standard locomotive in service with the Reichsbahn. Whilst numbers 89 001 - 89 003 were supplied as saturated steam engines, the remaining seven were superheated locomotives. After the Second World War half the machines went to the Polish State Railway (PKP) and half to the East German Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR). The last engine 89 008 was taken out of service in 1968 at Dresden-Altstadt locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw") and remains preserved in the Dresden Transport Museum as a heritage locomotive. Since 1992 the engine has been in the ownership of the "Mecklenburg Railway Friends" ("Mecklenburgischen Eisenbahnfreunde") in Schwerin.
Although this engine was never in service with the Deutsche Bundesbahn, interestingly it is in the DB's transport directory.
Model Railway.
A Z scale model of the Class 89.0 locomotive is the smallest mass-manufactured locomotive model in the world and has been used as the symbol for this model track gauge.
There has also been a model by the firm of Märklin for decades in H0 scale. The DB variant of this model has no real prototype, however, because this engine was never in the DB's fleet.
Literature.
Horst J. Obermayer: "Taschenbuch Deutsche Dampflokomotiven", Regelspur. Franckh'sche Verlagshandlung, Stuttgart 1969; ISBN 3-440-05530-2

</doc>
<doc id="18632877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632877" title="Neil Fox">
Neil Fox

Neil Fox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632909" title="Look Away!">
Look Away!

Look Away! is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1978.
"Look Away!" is out-of-print and was re-issued on CD in 2002 by Southern Music packaged with "Lonesome Road!".
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Mark Allan wrote of the album "No album by this wonderful picker and his equally adept son could be without merit, although the material is not as consistently strong as they deserve."

</doc>
<doc id="18632921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632921" title="Ksenia Kahnovich">
Ksenia Kahnovich

Ksenia Kahnovich (born January 29, 1987, in Vladivostok, USSR) is a Russian fashion model, who won the first cycle of the reality television show "You are a Supermodel", the Russian adaptation of "America's Next Top Model" created by Tyra Banks.
Career.
"You are a Supermodel, Cycle 1" was held in 2004 and was won by the then 17-year-old Kahnovich. She refused the first prize, which was an agency contract with "NEXT Model Management" as she already received a more lucrative offer from "IMG Models" in the time between the show was taped and the final was aired. When her victory was officially announced, Kahnovich had already moved to Paris.
She has since walked fashion shows for brands such as Versace, Gucci, Hermes, Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, and Dolce and Gabbana in New York, Paris, and Milan. She has also walked in Haute Couture shows for Elie Saab, Dior, and Lacroix.
She has been featured in advertisements for DOHC, Gucci, and Richmond, and graced the covers of "Cosmopolitan", "Madame Figaro", "Harper's Bazaar", and "Amica". She also appeared in an editorial for French "Vogue" and French "Marie Claire".

</doc>
<doc id="18632932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632932" title="Formartine and Buchan Railway">
Formartine and Buchan Railway

The Formartine and Buchan Railway was a railway in the north east of Scotland. It was built to link Fraserburgh and Peterhead with Aberdeen. It had a junction with the main line of the Great North of Scotland Railway at .
History.
The 29 mile long railway from Dyce to Mintlaw opened on 18 July 1861, with the 13 mile section from Maud to Peterhead opening the following year. A 15 mile long section north to Fraserburgh opened on 24 April 1865. The line was built by the Formartine and Buchan Railway Company, which was absorbed by the Great North of Scotland Railway on 30 July 1866. On 2 August 1897, the GNoSR opened a section from Ellon to Boddam. Finally on 1 July 1903 a branch from Fraserburgh to St Combs was constructed. Being partly unfenced this was classified as a light railway and was the last line to be built by the GNoSR. In 1923 the GNoSR was incorporated into the London and North Eastern Railway, which was in turn nationalised on 1 January 1948.
Construction.
These lines ran through farming country. Most of the promoters were farmers who wanted a line to transport their produce and livestock to market. The route of this railway was not chosen for engineering or traffic reasons. Since investment was sought from the local landowners their requests for the lines to be placed away from or near to their land was heeded. Indeed Lord Saltoun invested £6000 but insisted in having a station for his sole use placed close to a road leading to his mansion. This was to be fully signalled and operated at the railway company's expense. His Lordship, his heirs and successors would have the right to have all passenger and goods trains to be stopped on request. A level crossing had to be provided and a gateman employed. Lord Saltoun had the right to sack him if he performed his duties in an uncivil fashion. On the other hand the company was instructed to keep away from the Haddo Estate. But for the objections of The Earl of Aberdeen several more stations would have been constructed. The plans were changed many times during construction.
Usage.
Traffic on this line was very seasonal. When the herring fisheries were active, whale and seal oil was being landed and at harvest time the line was very busy with freight. Several auctioneering businesses set up in Maud to take advantage of the line to transport livestock. In summer there were also many passengers trains for holiday makers; however, away from these seasons the line was very quiet. There was a considerable protest from certain members of the community when the railway company started offering cheap Sunday fares to golfers who were attracted to the new course which had opened at Cruden Bay. It was felt that these golfers were desecrating the sabbath. As the line was largely unfenced the locomotives working it were fitted with cowcatchers. In winter this area suffers from a considerable amount of snow. In 1960 a train was stuck for 24 hours in a cutting at Newmachar.
Closure and current use.
Passenger services were withdrawn by the Scottish Region of British Railways in 1965 as part of the Beeching cuts. Freight trains continued to operate to Peterhead until 1970 and Fraserburgh until 1979. This was in spite of the fact a considerable amount of freight traffic was being generated by the off shore oil and gas industry. The track was subsequently lifted and much of the route now forms the Formartine and Buchan Way, a long distance footpath and cycle path. Transport Scotland is considering re-opening sections of this line. The population in the area, largely thanks to the oil and gas industry, has shown a considerable increase since the line was closed. For example, the town of Ellon has 50% more inhabitants than it had in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18632939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632939" title="EYE Film Institute Netherlands">
EYE Film Institute Netherlands

EYE Film Institute Netherlands is located in the Overhoeks neighborhood of Amsterdam in the Netherlands. It includes a cinematography museum formerly called Filmmuseum, founded in 1952. Its predecessor was the Dutch Historic Film Archive, founded in 1946. The museum was situated in the Vondelparkpaviljoen since 1975, and in 2009, plans were announced for a new home for the museum on the northern bank of Amsterdam's waterfront. It was officially opened on April 4, 2012 by Queen Beatrix.
Collection.
EYE is dedicated to the preservation of heritage for future generations, both Dutch films and foreign films screened in the Netherlands. The museum collection includes 46,000 film titles, 35,000 posters and 450,000 photographs. The earliest materials date from the start of the film industry in Holland in 1895.
Projects.
EYE is performing a major film digitization and preservation project together with IBM and Thought Equity Motion a leading provider of video platform and rights development services. The project involves scanning and storing more than 150 million discrete DPX files on LTO Gen5 Tape in the Linear Tape File System format.
Building.
The EYE building was designed by architectural firm Delugan Meissl (see article in German Wikipedia), which specializes in buildings that appear to be in motion, and which is most renowned for designing the Porsche Museum, Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="18632944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632944" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Amravati">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amravati

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amravati () is a diocese located in the city of Amravati in the Ecclesiastical province of Nagpur in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18632953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632953" title="Peter Gallwey">
Peter Gallwey

Peter Gallwey (13 November 1820, Killarney – 23 September 1906, London) was an English Jesuit priest and writer.
Life.
He was educated at Stonyhurst College, and joined the Society of Jesus at Hodder, 7 September 1836. He was ordained priest in 1852, and professed of four vows in 1854. As prefect of studies at Stonyhurst, 1855–1857, he made improvements in the method of study. 
In 1857 he was sent to the Jesuit church in Farm Street, London, where—except for an interval of eight years during which he held the provincialate and other offices—he spent the rest of his life. A man of deep spirituality, he was much venerated as a preacher, spiritual director and giver of retreats. 
Works.
His writings include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18632963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632963" title="Tap Step">
Tap Step

Tap Step is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1980.
Track listing.
All music composed and arranged by Chick Corea.

</doc>
<doc id="18632964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632964" title="Asplund">
Asplund

Asplund is a surname of Swedish origin which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18632977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632977" title="Magnetic shark repellent">
Magnetic shark repellent

Magnetic shark repellents utilize permanent magnets, which exploit the sensitivity of the Ampullae of Lorenzini in sharks and rays (electrosense). This organ is not found on bony fishes (teleosts), therefore, this type of shark repellent is selective to sharks and rays. Permanent magnets do not require power input, making them ideal for use in fisheries and as bycatch reduction devices.
History.
During November 2004, Sharkdefense researcher Eric Stroud accidentally dropped a magnet onto a rubber mat near a captive tank at the Oak Ridge Shark Laboratory. He noticed that juvenile nurse sharks ("G. cirratum") near the tank wall swam away. While the initial event may have been due to vibrations, it led him to test the effects of the magnet on the captive sharks. Placing the magnet within the tank, Eric observed that nurse sharks avoided the region around the magnet. Follow-on tests in 2005 with Michael Herrmann at the laboratory used an acrylic Y-Maze and showed preference towards non-magnetic exits and strong conditioning. During February 2005, Patrick Rice and Eric Stroud conducted tonic immobility trials at the Bimini Biological Field Station, Bahamas, which confirmed that juvenile lemon sharks ("N. brevirostris") and juvenile nurse sharks ("G. cirratum") roused when permanent magnets were presented within 50 cm of the sharks nares. Interestingly, mobility was not terminated when strong electromagnets were placed near the sharks. 
In May 2006, SharkDefense won the WWF SmartGear award for its proposal to selectively reduce sharks bycatch in commercial fisheries using permanent magnets. Michael Herrmann accepted the award in Brussels on behalf of SharkDefense. SharkDefense is the inventor and is currently the patent application holder for this technology and actively collaborates with other researchers to investigate species-specific effects and gear design.
On January 1, 2009, a peer-reviewed publication described experiments in Australia showing the efficacy of using magnets to deter sharks.
On January 12, 2010, Craig O'Connell from SharkDefense also published a peer-reviewed paper on the efficacy of magnetic shark repellents.
Biology.
Several species of sharks have demonstrated the ability to sense magnetic fields (Kalmijn, 1978; Ryan, 1980; Klimley, 1993; 2002). The Ampullae of Lorenzini organ within sharks is used to detect weak electrical fields at short ranges. The detection range of this organ is effective only within inches, as sharks sense bioelectrical fields in the final stages of prey capture. The flux per unit area of certain permanent magnets, particularly Neodymium-Iron-Boride and Barium-Ferrite magnets, corresponds closely with the detection range of the Ampullae of Lorenzini. The fields generated by these permanent magnets (ferrite and rare-earth types) decrease at the inverse cube of the distance from the magnet to sharks and rays. Therefore, at distances of a few meters from the magnet, the field exerted is less than the Earth's magnetic field. Animals which lack that Ampullae of Lorenzini organ do not display aversive behavior in close proximity to the magnetic field, making this technology selective.
Induction.
When a shark swims through the Earth's magnetic field, electromagnetic induction – phenomena which generates an electric field as charged particles move through a magnetic field – creates an electric field around the shark. Minute differences in the Earth's magnetic field at different locations result in minute differences in the induced electric field which may be detected by the shark's sensitive electroreceptors, especially as the head region moves back and forth during swimming (Lohmann and Johnsen 2000).
The law of electromagnetic induction (Faraday's law of induction) states that induced electromotive force (EMF) is proportional to the rate of change of the magnetic flux through a coil (an electric current can also be produced within a conductor when the conductor is moved through a magnetic field). This occurs because the force generated by the magnetic lines is applying a force on the free electrons in the conductor, causing the electrons to move.
Recent Findings.
In 2011, the first test of a permanent magnet repellent on a Great White shark was successfully conducted in South Africa with Chris Fallows and Craig O'Connell (SharkDefense). The test was successful, with the shark flinching despite feeding stimulus present, and was featured on Great White Invasion on Discovery Channel's Shark Week.
Craig O’Connell, previously a partner with Sharkdefense, completed his Master’s Thesis at Coastal Carolina University with regards to magnetic shark repellents as selective shark bycatch reduction devices. His studies involved Southern Stingrays ("D. americana"), adults nurse sharks ("G. cirratum"), blacktip sharks ("C. limbatus"), adult lemon sharks ("N. brevirostris"), and Atlantic Sharpnose sharks ("R. terranovae") and showed a reduction of shark catch on demersal longlines and rod-and-reel studies. Craig is currently a PhD student at U Mass Dartmouth, continuing shark magnetoreception studies.
In 2008, the Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries (DPI&F) and James Cook University, Australia, reported success with permanent magnets in captive studies with grey reef sharks, hammerheads, sharp-nosed sharks, blacktip sharks, sawfish and the critically endangered spear tooth shark.
Controversy.
During July 2008, the MythBusters aired a segment on Discovery Channel Shark Week showing the repulsive effects of C8 ferrite magnets on captive juvenile sharks. A subsequent test at Tiger Beach, Nassau used competitively-feeding adult sharks, and the repulsive effects were not observed. However, it was noted that different magnets were used at Tiger Beach than in the initial tests. Additionally, sharks are inclined to use vision over their electrical sense when water visibility is high and there is an abundance of feeding stimulus. In this scenario, magnets would not be effective, which is not controlled for in the test of the "myth".
During July 2007, Les Stroud aired a segment on Discovery Channel Sharkweek which concluded that a great hammerhead was not repelled by a rare earth magnet. It was noted that the magnet was placed quite far away from the shark, neglecting that the range of the ampullary organ is less than 60 cm. This test also contradicts the positive findings (2008) by the Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries (DPI&F) and James Cook University, Australia, with hammerheads.
Publications.
PUBLISHED
O’Connell, C.P., D.C. Abel, and E.M. Stroud. 2011. Analysis of permanent magnets as elasmobranch bycatch reduction devices in hook-and-line and longline trials. Fish. Bull. 109(4): 394-401.
O’Connell, C.P., S.H. Gruber, D.C. Abel, E.M. Stroud. and P.H. Rice. 2011. The responses of juvenile lemon sharks, Negaprion brevirostris, to a magnetic barrier. Ocean Coast. Manag. 54(3): 225-230.
O’Connell, C.P., Abel, D.C., Rice, P.H., Stroud, E.M. and Simuro, N.C. 2010. Responses of the Southern Stingray (Dasyatis americana) and the Nurse Shark (Ginglymostoma cirratum) to Permanent Magnets. Mar. Freshw. Behav. Phy. 43: 63-73.
O'Connell, C.P. 2008. Investigation of Grade C8 Barium Ferrite (BaFe2O4) Permanent Magnets as a Possible
Elasmobranch Bycatch Reduction System. In: Swimmer, Y., J.H. Wang, and L. McNaughton. 2008. Shark deterrent and incidental capture workshop, April 10–11, 2008. U.S. Dep. Commer., NOAA Tech Memo., NOAA-TM-NMFS-PIFSC-16. 72p.
PUBLICATIONS IN PREPARATION
O’Connell, C.P., P. He, T.J. O’Connell, M.K. Maxwell, R.C. Reed, C.A. Smith, E.M. Stroud and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 2. The Great Hammerhead Shark (Sphyrna mokarran). 
O’Connell, C.P., P.He, J. Joyce, E.M. Stroud, and P.H. Rice. (In Preparation). Effects of the SMART Hook™ (Selective Magnetic and Repellent-Treated Hook) on Spiny Dogfish Catch in the Gulf of Maine. 
O'Connell, C.P., E.M. Stroud, P. He, T.J. O'Connell, P.H. Rice, G. Johnson, and K. Grudecki. (Submitted). The Use of Permanent Magnets to Reduce Elasmobranch Encounter with a Simulated Beach Net. 1. The Bull Shark (Carcharhinus leucas). Ocean Coast. Manag. 
OTHER REFERENCES
Kalmijn A.J., 1971 The Electric Sense of Sharks and Rays. Journal of Experimental Biology 55,371-383 
Kalmijn A.J., 1982 Electric and magnetic field detection in elasmobranch fishes. Science, Vol. 218, Issue 4575, 916-918
Klimley, A. P. 1993. Highly directional swimming by scalloped hammerhead sharks, Sphyrna lewini, and subsurface irradiance, temperature, bathymetry, and geomagnetic field. Marine Biology. 117, 1-22. 
Klimley, A. P., S. C. Beavers, T. H. Curtis, and S. J. Jorgensen. 2002. Movements and swimming behavior of three species of sharks in La Jolla Canyon, California. Environmental Biology of Fishes. 63, 117-135.

</doc>
<doc id="18632983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632983" title="Goran Gavrilović">
Goran Gavrilović

Gavrilović is currently working as goalkeeper coach for FK Hajduk Kula.

</doc>
<doc id="18632984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632984" title="GSP TV">
GSP TV

GSP TV is a Romanian television that broadcasts footbal from Championship (England), Premier League (Russia), Copa do Brasil, tennis tournaments, and other sport events. It also broadcasts live sport shows which are hosted by important figures in Romanian sports. In September 2012, the station was rebranded, under a new slogan, "Men in power", and with tv shows destined for male audience (boxing, wrestling, MMA, bar sports - darts, poker, snooker).
The news section is represented daily, 24/24 hours, with 3 main bulletins:
It is owned by the Intact group, the second largest Romanian media group. GSP stands for Gazeta Sporturilor, the best-known sport publication in Romania, which is also owned by the Intact group.
GSP TV 2.
The Antena 1-RCS&RDS joint-venture had to create another TV channel as the only solution to broadcast all the games. The motive is that some football games were chossen by LPF to be played in the same time.
Trivia.
The promotional video had the Realitatea TV (a rival TV channel) as TV sponsor. LPF choose Realitatea TV as the TV partner though Antena 1 - RCS&RDS joint had bought the 2008-2009, 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 seasons of Liga I games, thus having the rights to broadcast them on their channel, GSP TV, the new sports television. The promotion of a TV channel on another rival channel never occurred before.

</doc>
<doc id="18632991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632991" title="Tzsch">
Tzsch

Tzsch is an old pentagraph used in German to write the sound . It has largely been supplanted by tsch, but is still found in surnames such as:
In the surname Schatzschneider, the sequence tzsch is not a pentagraph.

</doc>
<doc id="18632992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632992" title="Jaume Capdevila">
Jaume Capdevila

Kap (Jaume Capdevila) Berga, was born in 1974 in Barcelona, Spain. He is a cartoonist and caricaturist in some journals of Barcelona: La Vanguardia and El Mundo Deportivo among others. He also draws for websites, such as El último mono Garabatolandia, and Kapdigital
He earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts at the University of Barcelona. He published several books with his cartoons and political caricatures. In 2009 he was awarded the Gat Perich International Humor Prize.
He has exhibited his work in Barcelona, Berga, Manresa, Figueres, Tarragona, Lleida, Zaragoza, Madrid, Valencia, Porto, Lisboa, París and México.
Capdevila is author and co-author of many works on the history of Spanish cartoon, caricature and many subjects related to graphical humor. He was a biographer of Catalan cartoonists such as Bagaria and Tísner. He wrote about the state of satire in the Catalan media called "Tebeosfera".
He acted as curator of exhibits related to this theme including "Trazos", a view of one hundred of years of history through the cartoons of El Mundo Deportivo, Spain's oldest sports journal in Spain; and about cartoonists such as Joaquim Muntañola ("L'art de riure, l'art de viure"), or "Tísner".

</doc>
<doc id="18632994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18632994" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Aurangabad">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Aurangabad

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Aurangabad () is a diocese located in the city of Aurangabad in the Ecclesiastical province of Nagpur in India.
History.
According to local sources, the Roman Catholic community numbers around .

</doc>
<doc id="18633007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633007" title="Mindshadow">
Mindshadow

Mindshadow is a "" novel written by J.M. Dillard.
Plot.
The peaceful planet of Aritani becomes the center of a Romulan plot to gain power. A Romulan double agent and a severely injured Spock further complicate the situation.

</doc>
<doc id="18633013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633013" title="Postnuptial agreement">
Postnuptial agreement

A postnuptial agreement is a written contract executed after a couple gets married, or have entered a civil union, to settle the couple's affairs and assets in the event of a separation or divorce. It is normally "notarized" or acknowledged, and is usually the subject of statute of frauds. Like the contents of a prenuptial agreement, it can vary widely, but commonly includes provisions for division of property and spousal support in the event of divorce, death of one of the spouses, or breakup of marriage. In rare cases, a "prenup" may be enforceable even without a marriage, such as with a Domestic partnership or Registered partnership.
There may be many reasons to obtain a postnuptial agreement.
Legal recognition and enforceability.
Under the Statute of Frauds, a prenuptial agreement is only valid if it is completed prior to marriage. After a couple is married, they may draw up a post-nuptial agreement.
Postnuptial agreements must have all the elements of all contracts:
In the United States, as with prenuptial agreements, five additional elements are typically required for a valid postnuptial agreement:
In the United States.
Postnuptial agreements only came to be widely accepted in the United States in the later portion of the 20th century. For many years, US jurisprudence followed the notion that contracts, such as a postnuptial agreement, could not be valid when executed between a husband and wife. The inability of a husband and wife to contract with one another was due to the concept of marital unity, at the time of marriage, husband and wife become a single entry or person. And since one may not enter into a contract with ones self, a postnuptial agreement would be invalid. Even after the US courts began to reject marital unity as a legal theory, postnuptial agreements were rejected as being seen to encourage divorce.
<br>
It wasn't until the 1970s that postnuptial agreements were met with wide acceptance in the United States. The motivating factors considered to be behind this acceptance was the increase in divorce during the 1970s, along with the implementation of so-called "no fault" divorces, granting divorces for any reason. Upon the wave of legislative and statutory changes, postnuptial agreements began to find acceptance in American jurisprudence.
<br>
Within the body of law in the US, there are typically three kinds of postnuptial agreements:
<br>
State laws vary in their treatment of such agreements:
United Kingdom.
Post-nuptial Agreements are now binding in the United Kingdom following the Privy Council judgment in v MacLeod (2008). Agreements made during marriage or civil partnership which provide for a future separation can be enforced by the courts under the same principles as separation agreements under sections 34 to 36 of the Matrimonial Causes Act (1973).
The court distinguished postnups from prenups by pointing out that in the former case the couple are already married. A pre-nuptial agreement was no longer the price which one party might extract for his or her willingness to marry, and there is nothing to stop a married couple entering into contractual financial arrangements governing their life together, subject to the usual requirements of the absence of duress, undue influence or unfair pressure to sign. The court continued to recognise that prenups are still valid and enforceable in certain circumstances.
The court declared its assumption that each party to a properly negotiated agreement was a grown up and able to look after him or herself, whilst being aware of the risk of unfair exploitation of superior strength. The mere fact that the agreement was not what a court would have done could not be enough to have it set aside.

</doc>
<doc id="18633020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633020" title="HMS Ursula">
HMS Ursula

Two submarines of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Ursula":

</doc>
<doc id="18633039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633039" title="Temsuyanger Longkumer">
Temsuyanger Longkumer

Temsuyanger Longkumer, born April 21, 1976 in Nagaland, India, is contemporary British Indian artist active in London. He has worked in media including drawing, print, sculpture, installation and video. Longkumer attended the Royal College of Art, from which he holds an M.A. in printmaking.
Longkumer is an Associate Member of the Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers at the Bankside Gallery, London, and has been artist-in-residence at the Cité international des Arts in Paris and the Fondazione Pistoletto in Biella, Italy.
Longkumer's works include:
In 2003, Longkumer won the Prospects student prize, for a video.

</doc>
<doc id="18633044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633044" title="Koori Radio">
Koori Radio

Koori Radio (callsign 2LND) is a community radio station based in Redfern broadcasting to Sydney on a city-wide licence. It is part of the "Gadigal Information Service" and is the only radio station in Sydney providing full-time broadcasting to the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander community.
Koori Radio is the city’s only Indigenous music station. The music format is one third Australian Indigenous, one third world Indigenous and one-third other black music. The station broadcasts live from 7:00am to midnight with a music service overnight. It is a volunteer run organisation and is funded through listener support, grants and limited commercial sponsorship.
History.
Koori Radio grew out of Radio Redfern which was established in the early 1980s. Originally it had program time on other community station Radio Skid Row. During Australia's Bicentennial in 1988, Radio Redfern played a pivotal role in informing and educating the public about Indigenous responses to the celebration. It also acted as a communication channel for the thousands of Indigenous people from around Australia who had gathered in Sydney for protests. In 1993 Koori Radio came under the umbrella of Gadigal Information Service. It was then part of a series of national Indigenous radio broadcasts during the Sydney 2000 Olympics.
Koori Radio conducted 19 test broadcasts while it was applying for a licence. The ACMA granted the licence in June 2001. Koori Radio began full time broadcasting in December 2001 with a 1kW transmitter. It switched to a new 50 kW transmitter in December 2003.
Koori Radio and other community radio stations in Sydney is set to launch mid year.
Current.
In 2008 Koori Radio received Australian Government funding to renovate and move into purpose built studios in the Black Theatre in Redfern.
Programming.
As well as its format of Indigenous and black music, the station broadcasts news, current affairs, sport and listener involvement programs. There are also programs by the Samoan and Māori communities.
Koori Radio's flagship program is "Blackchat", a daily current affairs program on weekday mornings committed to discussing news, issues and events from an Indigenous perspective. Koori Radio also contributes programming to the National Indigenous Radio Service.
Koori Radio's programming also features Koori Radio Sport, an entertainment program that covers the latest in sport news, with a focus on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander players. Richard Baini is a regular co-host of Koori Radio Sport and is best known for his segment Richie's Rants.

</doc>
<doc id="18633048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633048" title="Crisis on Centaurus">
Crisis on Centaurus

Crisis on Centaurus is a "" novel written by Brad Ferguson.
Plot.
On the planet Centaurus, the planetary capital of New Athens has been annihilated by a terrorist antimatter bomb. Millions are dead; because of a computer malfunction, the planetary defense system is preventing any rescue ships from approaching the planet. No subspace communication is possible, and traditional speed-of-light radio is blanketed with heavy static. Despite an emergency do-not-approach warning (known as Code 7-10, which went unheard), the first three relief ships, carrying hundreds of medical personnel, are destroyed by ground-to-air missiles as they assumed standard orbit. The USS "Enterprise" has been sent to assess the situation and offer what relief they can, but they are in need of help themselves as the ship is falling apart around them due to an unexplainable massive computer malfunction of their own; the transporter is made inoperable by the antimatter's residual tachyon radiation.
The tragedy has a personal touch as well-- Dr. McCoy's daughter Joanna is among the missing, as well as friends and relatives of other crewmembers. While Spock attempts to disable the planetary defense computers, Captain Kirk, Mr. Sulu and attorney Samuel T. Cogley become involved with the terrorists when the terrorist leader contacts Cogley and ask him to represent them in Federation court. Despite his personal feelings, Kirk is determined that the terrorists will get a fair trial under Federation jurisdiction, but certain individuals in the patchwork government are equally determined that the terrorists will not leave Centaurus alive. While the surviving Centauran government engages in an all-out search for Kirk and party, Kirk learns that three more antimatter bombs are somewhere on the planet, and is forced to take refuge in the one place he cherishes most - the little cabin he had built in Garrovick Valley, on the river Farragut.
On seeing the names 'Garrovick' and 'Farragut' on a map, Commander Spock correctly surmises the position of Kirk's buen retiro, and a scan from orbit reveals an army of government hovercars flitting around the cabin. By leveraging the Enterprise's crippled warp drive's controls, engineer Montgomery Scott and his second-in-command succeed in enabling the Enterprise to enter the atmosphere. The government hit squad's weapons are no match for a starship's phasers set on stun; the captured terrorists are taken in custody, but the secret of cheap antimatter synthesis is lost: its creator was the suicide bomber who set the first weapon off.
In the epilogue, Spock traces the computer malfunction to a quantum black hole accidentally forming, against all odds, within the Enterprise in warp, drilling a hole straight through a good part of the computer memory banks.

</doc>
<doc id="18633058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633058" title="Alfred Jackson (Canadian football)">
Alfred Jackson (Canadian football)

Alfred Melvin Jackson, Jr. (born July 7, 1967) is a former professional American football wide receiver who played nine seasons in the Canadian Football League for three different teams. He also played six seasons in the National Football League as a cornerback for three teams

</doc>
<doc id="18633067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633067" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bettiah">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bettiah

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bettiah () is a diocese located in the city of Bettiah in the Ecclesiastical province of Patna in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18633068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633068" title="Nesogalepsus madagascariensis">
Nesogalepsus madagascariensis

Nesogalepsus madagascariensis is a species of praying mantis native to Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="18633071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633071" title="Gary Cooper (disambiguation)">
Gary Cooper (disambiguation)

Gary Cooper (1901–1961) was an American film actor.
Gary Cooper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18633075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633075" title="Les Nemes">
Les Nemes

Les Nemes (born 5 December 1960, Croydon, England) is an English bassist. His first band was Haircut One Hundred, who went on to enjoy success in the early 1980s and spawned a number one album and four Top 10 singles in the UK. The records also charted in the US, where the band were starting to enjoy the beginnings of major success but broke up before this was achieved. From this, the band carried on with Marc Fox on lead vocals, and recorded a critically received album which was not supported by sales.
Nemes went on to tour and record as a session musician for Hugh Masekela, Friends Again and Rick Astley.
Nemes moved to Spain in 2003, and is now writing and recording for a new band, Real, with former Spanish pop artist Harley (Henry Quintero) and drummer Matt Green. Nemes also tours with his Haircut 100 bandmates.

</doc>
<doc id="18633092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633092" title="Klaus Sammer">
Klaus Sammer

Klaus Sammer (born 5 December 1942 in Gröditz) is a German former footballer and coach. He spent the early part of his career with Stahl Gröditz and Einheit Dresden, before joining Dynamo Dresden, the club where he would spend the majority of his career, in 1965. In ten years as a Dynamo player he won two East German titles and one cup, and played 17 times for the East German national team. After retiring in 1975 he took up coaching, and managed Dynamo Dresden from 1983 to 1986, winning two cups in a period dominated by the state-favoured Dynamo Berlin. His tenure ended after a disastrous defeat against Bayer Uerdingen in the Cup Winners' Cup - Dynamo were 2-0 up after the first leg, and 3-1 up at half-time in the second, but proceeded to be knocked out with a 7-3 defeat. He returned to the manager's job in 1992, with the club now in the Bundesliga after reunification, but this spell only lasted one year. He has since worked in various roles for the German Football Association.
Klaus Sammer is the father of Matthias Sammer, who began his career under him at Dynamo Dresden, and went on to play for both East Germany and the united Germany, and was European Player of the Year in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18633104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633104" title="Heritage Village Museum">
Heritage Village Museum

Heritage Village Museum is a recreated 1800s community in Ohio, United States. The village contains 13 historic buildings from around the Cincinnati area; they were moved here to save them from destruction. The village is located within Sharon Woods Park in Sharonville, Ohio.
The historic buildings located in the village include: 
Hayner House, a Greek Revival building featuring fluted column with Ionic capitals, bilateral wings, and seven fireplaces on the first floor and two in the basement. The house was originally built in 1852. It eventually began to deteriorate, was dismantled and put into storage. In 1967 it was rebuilt and restored to its original form at Heritage Village Museum. The house was once located in Warren County Ohio, right alongside the little Miami River close to South Lebanon. In 1862 John Hayner purchased the property the house sat upon along with several other local farms. Hayner made his living by raising and drying corn. Later, he and a few business partners, started to can corn and the business flourished. When there was no longer a need for dry corn he turned his drying barn into a cannery.
Elk Lick House is an example of Carpenter Gothic architecture moved from Clermont County Ohio. It is estimated that the house was built in 1818 and the addition was added in the 1840s. The Two sections of the Elk Lick House have distinctive differences. The original two-room, 1818 cottage in the back had simple lines on the outside and basic woodwork on the inside. The front section is more ornate and speaks of mild affluence. The mid-century country farm house is from the Elk Lick Valley. Several different owners lived in the house and eventually built on the front portion. The house was schedule to be demolished to make way for the East Fork Reservoir. The Miami Purchase Association for Historic Prevention rescued it by purchasing it from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1969.
Chester Park Train Station is an example of Italianate architecture. It was formerly known as Spring Grove Train Station or Witton Place. In Southwestern Ohio, early settlements along the Ohio River and its tributaries employed riverine transportation, but other settlements inland had no way of getting their extra produce to the market. Trains became the primary means of carrying goods inland to markets but also a better form of transportation. Villagers used the trains to travel from town to town, to take pleasure excursions and commute from suburbs to the city. In 1875, across the road from where the station was located, a racetrack called Chester Park was built. The small station quickly became inadequate to handle the crowds of costumers who came from the city to this new park. In 1879 the station was enlarged and named Chester Park. This is the structure that now resides at the Heritage Village Museum.
Benedict Cottage is a Federal building whose original structure was hidden under a Greek Revival cladding. It was originally thought to have been built sometime between 1825 through 1850, but it may be older than that estimate. Originally built as a workman's cottage along Mill Creek, it was eventually moved west of Springfield Pike near Glendale-Milford Road in Woodlawn. There it functioned as a caretaker's home on the grounds of the Benedict Estate, then owned by the Burchenal family of the Procter & Gamble Company. In October 1997 the cottage was moved four miles to the Heritage Village Museum, which has restored it and uses it to interpret 19th Century textile crafts.
Vorhes House is another Federal building and a typical Cincinnati-area farmhouse from the 1820s or 1830s. Moved from Cornell Road in Blue Ash, it is a substantial and well built residence. Its floor plan has two rooms and two fireplaces on the first floor and three rooms with two fireplaces on the second floor, which can be reached by either of two staircases.
Kemper House was built in 1804 by James and Judith Kemper and came from the Walnut Hills section of Cincinnati, which he named. Ordained in late October 1792, Rev. Kemper was the first Presbyterian minister ordained north of the Ohio River. This building is considered a house rather than a cabin because of the plastered walls, staircase and wood trim, as well as a large sitting room. Kemper family members continued living in the house until its relocation to the Cincinnati Zoo in 1912.
Somerset Church was built around 1829 and was located at Fields Ertel and Montgomery Roads in Deerfield Township. Rev. Kemper, who never preached at the church, was instrumental in installing the church's first minister. It is interesting to note that Rev. Kemper's log house now sits next to Somerset Church at Heritage Village Museum. Its roots begin in 1801, when the Montgomery Presbyterian Church was organized. Church records indicate that its Sunday school attendance was large compared to average worship attendance. The building has been restored to its original appearance and is used for special events in addition to representing the place of early settlers' Christian faith.
Langdon Medical Office is an example of 1850s Steamboat Gothic architecture. It was the doctor's office of Dr. Henry A. Langdon, a Civil War physician who resided in the Langdon House inColumbia-Tusculum, whence the office was moved. Here Langdon practiced medicine from 1865 to 1876, and the museum interprets it and its collection of 19th-century medical instruments to tell the story of medicine in the 19th century. Relocation from Columbia-Tusculum required complete dismantling and reassembly.
Fetter General Store is an example of Leadville architecture, moved from Main Street in Boston (now known as Owensville) in Clermont County. Constructed in the 1860s and named for owner John C. Fetter, it was acquired by the Heritage Village Museum in 1983. Extensively deteriorated, the exterior has been restored and is used for education programs.
Schram Printing Company was located on Madison Avenue in Covington, Kentucky. The building located at the Village is not the original structure for the print shop; it was built as a replica of an original structure in order to hold a collection of printing presses and letter trays donated by Schram.
Gatch Barn is believed to be one of the oldest barns from Clermont County and comes from the Gatch family farm.

</doc>
<doc id="18633105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633105" title="John Campbell (footballer born 1870)">
John Campbell (footballer born 1870)

John Campbell (19 February 1870 – 1906) was a Scottish footballer who played for Sunderland as a forward. He was the brother of Sunderland manager Robert Campbell.
Club career.
He made his debut for Sunderland on 18 January 1890 against Blackburn Rovers in the FA Cup first round, Sunderland lost the game 4–2 after extra time at Leamington Road. He played for Sunderland during 1890 and 1897, he won 3 League Championships; in 1892, 1893 and 1895. In each of these seasons, Campbell was the top scorer in the competition. Campbell also won the 1894/95 World Championship with the team, scoring a goal in the final. After making 186 league appearances for Sunderland, scoring 133 goals, he moved to their arch rivals Newcastle United. 
He made his Newcastle debut against Woolwich Arsenal F.C. on 4 September 1897 where he also scored a goal in a 4–1 win. He led Newcastle to their first promotion in the 1898 season, overall he made 29 appearances for Newcastle scoring 12 goals; retiring to become a licensee.

</doc>
<doc id="18633107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633107" title="Dreadnought!">
Dreadnought!

Dreadnought! is a "" novel written by Diane Carey. It is written in the first-person from the perspective of Lieutenant Piper.
Plot.
The novel begins with Lt. Piper (no first name), a native of Proxima Beta, taking the "Kobayashi Maru" simulation at Starfleet Academy. After her "ship" takes several hits and takes heavy damage, Lt. Piper uses an unusual method to issue commands to the ship's computer via handheld communicator. The technique results in the computer controlling the simulation crashing. The simulator's commander comments during the debriefing that she has come closer to checkmating the no-win scenario than any other command-line candidate, then tells her that she has been reassigned to the starship "Enterprise" by special request.
Lt. Piper meets briefly with Brian Silayna, an Academy cadet in the engineering program and her friend and lover. Piper and Silayna had originally been assigned to the same ship, but with Piper's reassignment (which Silayna reveals was from Captain Kirk, who had been observing the "Kobayashi Maru" simulation) they wind up saying their goodbyes instead. 
Lt. Piper takes a shuttle to the "Enterprise" and reports to her assigned cabin. Here she meets her cabin-mates: a Gorn named Telosirizharcrede, a human from Earth named Judd "Scanner" Sandage, a humanoid from Altair Four named Merete AndrusTaurus, and a Vulcan named Sarda. It is revealed that Piper and Sarda have a history together which has generated animosity between them.
Shortly thereafter, Lt. Piper is s summoned to the bridge where she finds out that a top-secret Federation vessel named "Star Empire", first of a new class of heavily-weaponed and heavily-shielded dreadnought, has been stolen by persons unknown and that the "Enterprise" has been dispatched in pursuit. The head of the dreadnought project, Vice-Admiral Rittenhouse, is in pursuit as well aboard the destroyer "Pompeii". She also finds out that the "Star Empire" has transmitted rendezvous coordinates to the "Enterprise" and that Piper's unique biocode would be needed to enable transmissions at the rendezvous point.
After a conference, Piper retires to her cabin and has a conversation with AndrusTaurus, where it is revealed why Sarda and Piper have strained relations. Sarda has a talent for defensive weapons design, which Starfleet keeps developing for offensive uses as well and that is something which Vulcans considered immoral. Piper, in her ignorance, informed the Academy staff of Sarda's talents, which led to his great personal embarrassment and being ostracized by other Vulcans in Starfleet. Piper and AndrusTaurus do some research on Vulcan and decide to consult with a Vulcan embassy that specialized in human-Vulcan relationships.
Upon arrival at the rendezvous point, the "Enterprises" finds "Star Empire" being attacked by four Klingon vessels. The "Star Empire" is apparently helpless, its crew unable to fight while the attacking Klingons inflict heavy damage the dreadnought with phaser fire. "Enterprise" moves in to help the cripped dreadnought, engaging the Klingons with phasers and photon torpedoes. One is damaged and retreats to hide in an asteroid field and hard fighting results in another Klingon ship being destroyed. However the "Enterprise" is also damaged in the fighting and is left facing long odds against the two remaining Klingon ships. Suddenly movement is detected in the asteroid field, and a second "Star Empire" appears. Engaging the damaged Klingon ships with heavy photon torpedoes, this unhurt "Star Empire" destroys two of them and sends the last one fleeing. Then it is revealed that the damaged "Star Empire" is in fact a sophisticated sensor projection when it dissolves from sight shortly thereafter, followed by the creation of five more dreadnought projections. This projection device is one of Sarda's weapons projects he finds embarrassing.
Captain Kirk hails the "Star Empire" and after Piper's biocode is transmitted communication is established. To everybody's great surprise, Brian Silayna appears on the screen. He reads a message from Commander Paul Burch stating that they have seized the dreadnaught in the name of galactic civility and request an ambassadorial party of Kirk, Piper, and a Vulcan. Kirk refuses to comply and orders Piper arrested for conspiracy with terrorists, then cuts the transmission. Kirk orders the security guards to confine her to her quarters.
In her quarters, Piper reflects on the situation and decides she had to get over to "Star Empire" to find out what was going on, why Silayna was on the dreadnought, and why he had never revealed his intentions to her. She tricks open the door by cutting the fire-alarm circuits to the bridge then triggering the heat sensor with a curling iron so that the safety features override the door lock and lets her out.
Piper runs to the nearest transporter room and begins to activate the equipment with the intention of beaming over to "Star Empire". Sarda finds her there, having deduced her intentions and location after discovering her missing from her quarters, and informs her that the "Star Empire" has moved out of transporter range. Instead they move to the hangar bay, open the doors, steal a 2-seat Arco-class light attack "sled", and head towards the "Star Empire". During the flight, Sarda informs Piper that 3 more starships ("Hood", "Lincoln", and "Potempkin") have been ordered by Admiral Rittenhouse to the location, and also accidentally reveals another benevolent invention that Starfleet weaponized and that he is embarrassed about.
Their trip to "Star Empire" is cut short, however when the destroyer "Pompeii" drops out of warp, interceps the attack sled and uses a tractor beam to haul it inside its hangar bay. They meet Vice-Admiral Rittenhouse, who informs them that Commander Birch was his personal aide but had deteriorated until Rittenhouse believe he had become sociopathic. They discuss the situation of Piper and Sarda briefely with Captain Kirk, then Rittenhouse discusses the recent galactic political situation and hints at his desire to unite the various galactic governments under a common flag of peace. He then leave the conference room to attend to other duties.
Piper, sensing something in the hints that Rittenhouse dropped, uses the destroyer's computer to access Starfleet and Federation organizational charts. She and Sarda find a disturbing pattern: men that had served with Rittenhouse over the years had been placed in high levels of the civilian and military leadership, including the captains of the three other starships en route. Believing Rittenhouse may be planning a military coup, Piper tries to contact the "Enterprise", but Rittenhouse and Dr. Boma, a civilian scientist who also worked on the dreadnought project, stop her and order Piper and Sarda thrown in the destroyer's brig.
While in the brig Piper and Sarda discuss Earth history and Piper explains the pattern of socialist political, military, and economic changes that Rittenhouse is repeating and how it would affect the Federation and its galactic neighbors. Suddenly, the power to the brig is briefly interrupted (by Boma, after he realizes Rittenhouse's plans for "Star Empire"'s crew), and Sarda acts quickly, throwing himself through the cell's doorway before the forcefield could re-activate. Sarda then turns off the forcefield and he and Piper flee the detention area.
Moving through the destroyer, they spy the senior officers from the "Enterprise" and three other starthips walking through the "Pompeii"’s corridor into the conference room. Fearing for the safety of Kirk and his officers, Sarda and Piper move to the engineering section, bluff past the engineers there, and find an isolated spot from which to contact the "Enterprise". Sarda contacts AndrusTaurus and Sandage, who transport over. With Sandage's help they manage to use the ship's intercom system to listen in on the meeting.
During the meeting, Rittenhouse and his hand-picked captains square off against Kirk, with Rittenhouse advocating for harsh measures and indifferent to the potential deaths of the crew on "Star Empire" and Kirk advocating talks and negotiation with the "Star Empire". Kirk becomes increasingly suspicious of Rittenhouse's unwillingness to let him contact the dreadnought's crew and disregard for their lives and balks. Rittenhouse finally orders security to arrest Kirk and his officers and lock them in a stateroom.
Piper, Sarga, Sandage, and AndrusTaurus surprise and disable the guards outside the stateroom and an effort to free Kirk and his officers. Only they find that Kirk and his officers have disabled the guards inside their room and were planning to come and rescue them. They then sabotage the "Pompeii"’s phasers before meeting in the transporter room. Kirk, Spock, Scott, and McCoy beam back first; however before the others can the "Pompeii"’s crew disable the transporter.
They move immediately to the hangar bay; however they have another encounter with a security team. A fight ensues, ending when AndrusTaurus grabs a guard's dropped phaser and shoots him with it. Against regulations the phaser is set to disintegrate instead of stun and the guard is vaporized. AndrusTaurus feels horrible guilt about her action as they continue to flee to the hangar deck.
Once at the deck, they are confronted by Rittenhouse and more guards. Piper threatens to self-destruct the Arco attack sled they arrived on and take the destroyer with it. Rittenhouse, seeing that she's serious, withdraws from the deck and allows them to escape. The four of them escape in two attack sleds, skimming along the destroyer's hull to avoid being shot by the "Pompeii"’s phaser batteries. Piper destroys one phaser bank, then the two sleds vector away from the destroyer and towards the "Star Empire" before the "Pompeii" can bring more phasers to bear.
They escape to the "Star Empire" and rush to the bridge. There they find a skeleton, untrained, largely bureaucratic crew that has only basic control over the ship's systems. Commander Burch explains the situation and they try to contact the "Enterprise". "Pompeii" tries to jam the signal, and when that fails the destroyer opens fire on the ill-prepared "Star Empire". A fierce battle then ensues. The "Pompeii"'s phasers were disabled after the initial shots, leaving three other starships against "Enterprise" and "Star Empire".
Piper is able to unlock the ship's systems, giving "Star Empire" increased shielding and weapons ability to withstand the heavy attacks by the opposing starships. However "Star Empire" still takes significant damage, as Burch is not a combat commander and is reluctant to fire on other Federation vessels. "Enterprise" feigns fatal damage, luring Rittenhouse to order two other starships in to evacuate the "Enterprise" crew. Kirk then fires on the two starships, inflicting heavy damage and evening the odds. The two sides maneuver warily, until Commander Burch is disabled in an attack. Piper is forced to take command of "Star Empire" and begins to move aggressively, using the dreadnought's multiple phaser banks and newly activated secondary shielding to dish out heavy hits on the opposing starships. With Rittenhouse's three starships considerably damaged, Piper bluffs their commanders by arming "Star Empire"'s heavy photon torpedoes, a single hit from which would destroy any of the damaged starships killing all on board. Rittenhouse's ships fall back, and "Star Empire" presses in.
Rittenhouse, seeing that he no longer has the upper hand and that victory is out of reach, orders "Pompeii" to make a suicide run on "Star Empire". Kirk, seeing this, moves in quickly and destroys "Pompeii" before she can collide with "Star Empire".
With Rittenhouse dead, the commanders of his three other starships surrender. The novel ends with medals being awarded to several of the crew and Piper gets promoted to Lieutenant Commander. Then Captain Kirk extends an offer to Piper to go sailing with him on his schooner.

</doc>
<doc id="18633109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633109" title="Cardiff Waterbus">
Cardiff Waterbus

The Cardiff Waterbus is a water bus service operated along the River Taff in Cardiff, the capital of Wales. Services are operated by 2 separate companies, Cardiff Cats Ltd (operating as Cardiff Waterbus) and Aquabus Water Transport Solutions Ltd, both for the leisure market and for commuters, but charter services are also offered. Boats running hourly during the day carrying up to 100 passengers from Cardiff city centre to Penarth via Cardiff Bay, forming a part of Cardiff's integrated transport system. The service started in April 2000.
The Cardiff Cats service has seen many celebrities as passengers such as Emma Watson, Michelle Collins, Alison Steadman and John Challis.
Landing stages.
Landing stages are located at:
Anniversary.
The Cardiff Waterbus (Cardiff Cats Ltd.) celebrated its 10 year anniversary in April 2010. The fleet have clocked up 50,000 miles since operating on the routes, carrying an estimated 1,000,000 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="18633115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633115" title="Live and Pickin'">
Live and Pickin'

"Live and Pickin'" is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1979.
"Live and Pickin'" is out-of-print and was re-issued in 2003 by Southern Music packaged with "Doc and the Boys".
At the Grammy Awards of 1980 "Big Sandy/Leather Britches" won the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance.
Personnel.
Produced by Mitch Greenhill,
Recorded by Wally Heider Recording,
Engineer Biff Dawes

</doc>
<doc id="18633122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633122" title="Alefoso Yalayalatabua">
Alefoso Yalayalatabua

Alefoso Yalayalatabua (born Suva, 22 January 1977) is a Fijian rugby union player. He plays as a prop. He currently plays for Fiji Warriors.
Career.
Yalayalatabua was first capped for Fiji, on 19 May 2007, aged 30, in a 3-8 loss to Samoa. He was in his country's squad at the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, playing a single game, in the 12-55 loss to Australia. He had 10 caps for his national side, without ever scoring. 
His ties to the Fiji Military hindered his International career because of New Zealand and Australia's ban on the Fiji military, which meant he would not be able to compete at the 2011 Rugby World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18633124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633124" title="Encyclopedia of American Studies">
Encyclopedia of American Studies

The Encyclopedia of American Studies (EAS) covers the history and culture of the United States, from pre-colonial days to the present, and the American Studies movement. The Encyclopedia of American Studies first appeared in 2001 as a four-volume print edition, published by Grolier Press. The EAS was sponsored by the American Studies Association, which appointed an editorial board consisting of Johnnella Butler, Robert Gross, and Miles Orvell. (Robert Gross was replaced by Jay Mechling during the first year of planning.) The intent behind the EAS was to create a work that would serve the needs of scholars, graduate students, college students and a high school audience, a work that would be accessible yet authoritative and that would cover the range of American history and culture from an interdisciplinary perspective. Articles in the EAS range from the singular features of American material culture (e.g.the Statue of Liberty or Barbie Dolls) to the broadest concepts of American intellectual culture (e.g. Exceptionalism and Millennialism) as well as the methods and theories of American Studies. 
In 2003 the EAS appeared in its initial online version, and in 2005 Johns Hopkins University Press took over as publisher, working with the American Studies Association, and making the EAS a regular benefit of membership in the ASA. Miles Orvell served as Editor in Chief of the online version until 2011 and organized an EAS Advisory Board appointed by the American Studies Association. In 2011, Simon J. Bronner, distinguished professor of American Studies at the Pennsylvania State University, Harrisburg, took over the reins of the EAS as Editor in Chief. Participation in the EAS grew with the involvement of students, staff, faculty, and regional scholars around the doctoral program in American Studies at Penn State Harrisburg in addition to an international roster of contributors and advisory board members. The online version added illustrations, related web links, and bibliographic listings to the original entries. The EAS also sponsored a Forum on the American Studies Association website with essays related to the mission of the Encyclopedia such as "Encyclopedias and American Studies" with a panel of encyclopedia editors and "Organizing a Class on Organizing" by Mark Rudd. The EAS is expanded and updated quarterly, with an ever-growing database of articles, illustrations, and bibliographies that stay current with the evolution of American Studies scholarship. In 2011, the EAS had over 700 entries, including new topics such as "transnationalism," "American Studies: A Discipline," and "Women and Labor."

</doc>
<doc id="18633137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633137" title="Richard Barker">
Richard Barker

Richard Barker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18633140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633140" title="Peter Whipp">
Peter Whipp

Peter Whipp (born 22 September 1950) was a South African rugby union footballer. He made his international debut on 8 June 1974 against the British Lions on his home ground of Newlands in Cape Town. He scored his only international try against France on 21 June 1975 in Bloemfontein. His career was brought to a premature end in 1980 when he suffered a severe injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18633149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633149" title="AMC-21">
AMC-21

AMC-21, or Americom-21, is a communications satellite operated by SES World Skies, formerly SES Americom. It was launched in August 2008 and is expected to remain in service for approximately 15 years. It is currently located at 125° West longitude.
Spacecraft and mission design.
AMC-21 is based on a STAR-2 platform that provides 4.4 kilowatts of power for the communications payload. The platform will support a 15-year on-orbit mission life. It carries 24 J band (IEEE Ku band) transponders, which will be used to broadcast television signals to Canada the Caribbean, Mexico, and the United States.
Manufacture and launch.
Thales Alenia Space was the prime contractor for AMC-21, and provided the satellite's communications payload. The STAR-2 bus was subcontracted to Orbital Sciences Corporation, as were integration and testing of the satellite. As prime contractor, Thales Alenia Space delivered the completed satellite to SES Americom.
AMC-21 was launched, along with the Superbird 7 satellite, by an Ariane 5ECA rocket on 14 August 2008. The satellite separated from the carrier rocket in a geosynchronous transfer orbit. An onboard IHI-500N engine then raised it to an operational geosynchronous orbit and placed it at a longitude of 125° West of the Greenwich Meridian.
After successful completion of in-orbit testing, SES Americom took operational control of AMC-21 in September 2008. In September 2009, SES Americom merged with SES New Skies to form SES World Skies, to which all of its operational satellites, including AMC-21, were transferred.

</doc>
<doc id="18633163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633163" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bhagalpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bhagalpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bhagalpur () is a diocese located in the city of Bhagalpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Patna in India.
History.
During the Capuchin Period (1779-1919), Bhagalpur was at first the part of Prefecture of Tibet-Hindustan erected by the Sacred Congregation of the Evangelisation of the Peoples in 1703. It became a resident station in 1783.
The Jesuit Period (1919-1983): The Patna Jesuits started working here since 1921. Their missionary efforts were directed mainly among the Santhals.
On August 3, 1956, Bhagalpur was detached from the Patna Diocese and the Prefecture Apostic was established. Msgr. Urban McGarry tor, was appointed the Prefect Apostolic.
It was promoted as Diocese of Bhagalpur on January 11, 1965. Most Rev Urban Eugene McGarry tor was appointed as its first Bishop. The diocese comprised the districts of Bhagalpur, Banka, Jamui and the civil blocks of lakshmipur, Kharagpur and Tarapur of Mnger district of Bihar, Godda, Giridih, Deoghar and Sarawan of Deoghar district and Mandro block of Sahebgunj district of Jharkhand.
Seminary.
This seminary at Bhagalpur, Sahibgunj is the training center for the first two years of priesthood. A hostel is attached to the seminary where students live. To the right is the hostel and to the left is the semnary.
Hospitals.
There are 42 hospitals run by the Diocese of Bhagalpur.
Punaruthanam Ashram at Sahebgunj is working for the the Psychiatric patients of Bhagalpur
Schools.
There are more than 70 schools run by the Diocese of Bhagalpur. The most well known are St. Joseph's School - Bhagalpur, Mount Assisi School - Bhagalpur, Mount Carmel School - Bhagalpur, St. Joseph's School - Kahalgaon, St. Teresa School - Bhagalpur, C.M.S. School - Bhagalpur, St. Paul's School Bhagalpur.
The list of Schools is given here:
Hostels.
List of Boys hostels run by the Diocese of Bhagalpur
List of Girls hostels run by the Diocese of Bhagalpur
Social Initiatives.
The Diocese of Bhagalpur has been involved in helping people around Bhagalpur in all the districts that it operates. They provide flood relief material and are able to mobilize resources and money for the charity work during local disasters (Mainly flood)
The Diocese of Bhagalpur has attempted to bring good understanding between various religions. All schools of the Diocese cater to every religion and sect. There is special provision for the needy in most of the schools.
Dialogue Between Religious leaders.
Dialogues between religious leaders are often conducted by the Diocese. 
Information.
Address: Chancery Office, Nawab Colony, P.O. Box 61, Bhagalpur-812001, Bihar, India

</doc>
<doc id="18633165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633165" title="Eberhart FG">
Eberhart FG

__NOTOC__
The Eberhart XFG was an American single-seat experimental ship-borne fighter developed for the United States Navy in 1927.
Development.
The Eberhart Aeroplane and Motor Company produced its first original plane in 1927—the XFG—as a shipboard fighter for the U.S. Navy. It was of welded steel tube and dural construction with fabric skinning. An unusual feature was the application of sweepback to the upper mainplane and forward sweep to the lower.
Operational history.
The sole XFG-1 prototype was tested by the United States Navy in late 1927, and was returned to Eberhart, where it was reconstructed as the Eberhart F2G.

</doc>
<doc id="18633166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633166" title="Demons (Star Trek novel)">
Demons (Star Trek novel)

Demons is a "" novel written by J.M. Dillard.
Plot.
A strange device found by a scientific expedition is taken to the planet Vulcan. It begins taking people over one by one, replacing them with malevolent power-hungry entities. The crew of the Enterprise, those not yet replaced, must contain this threat to Vulcan and defeat it. 
This story is continued in the "" novel "Possession", also by J.M. Dillard, where it is revealed the device is one of many.

</doc>
<doc id="18633180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633180" title="Ecosecurities">
Ecosecurities

EcoSecurities is a business that sources and develops carbon credits and carbon offsets from greenhouse gas emission reduction projects throughout the world.
The company has offices in Europe, Middle East, Americas and Asia and has a large portfolio of green house gas emission reduction projects covering numerous countries and technologies. 
EcoSecurities was created in January 1997, 12 months before the Kyoto conference. After a period of organic growth, the company floated on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange in December 2005, allowing it to grow its geographic presence by placing over 300 staff in 30 countries. Its portfolio grew to over 150 million CERs - the largest in the world at the time. In June 2007, the company raised an additional €100 million to expand into new markets, with Credit Suisse becoming a major investor. It trades in the international carbon market which was valued at €38 billion in the first six months of 2008.
The former President and co-founder of EcoSecurities was Pedro Moura-Costa and the former CEO was Bruce Usher.
At the end of 2009 the firm was acquired by JP Morgan and is now an indirect wholly owned subsidiarly of JPMorgan Chase and Co. and can provide its clients with access to the scope of services provided by the bank's Environmental Markets business in addition to those activities of sourcing and developing greenhouse gas abatement projects outlined above. Following on from acquisition of EcoSecurities the company appointed Paul Mark Kelly as Chief Executive Officer of the company in December 2009, when the company subsequently delisted from the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange.
The compliance carbon market.
EcoSecurities operates in both the compliance and voluntary carbon markets. In the compliance market, EcoSecurities implements projects in the developing world under the Kyoto Protocol's Clean Development Mechanism to generate Certified Emission Reductions which are used by governments and organisations under the Kyoto Protocol and European Union Emissions Trading Scheme.
Clean Development Mechanism projects that EcoSecurities has helped develop include:
The voluntary carbon market.
In the voluntary market EcoSecurities develops carbon projects to sell on different markets, including the Voluntary Carbon Standard, the California Climate Action Registry standard and The Gold Standard's Voluntary Emission Reduction standard. These are sold to organisations that have no regulatory obligation to offset their carbon emissions, but wish to do so on a voluntary basis, often as part of a carbon neutrality or corporate social responsibility programme.
Some of EcoSecurities' current and historic clients include Yahoo!, Fortune Conferences and NetJets Europe.
Voluntary emission reduction projects developed through EcoSecurities include
methane capture for dairies in the USA and SPM Group pig farms in Thailand.
References.
Clients include Yahoo!, Fortune Conferences and NetJets Europe.
Climate Neutral Network. 2008. “EcoSecurities,” United Nations Environment Programme, http://www.climateneutral.unep.org/cnn_contentdetail.aspx?m=336&amid=1870.

</doc>
<doc id="18633182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633182" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Muzaffarpur">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Muzaffarpur

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Muzaffarpur () is a diocese located in the city of Muzaffarpur in the Ecclesiastical province of Patna in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18633191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633191" title="USS Mulberry (AN-27)">
USS Mulberry (AN-27)

USS "Mulberry" (AN-27/YN-22) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II. She service in that conflict and the Korean War, earning one battle star for service in the latter conflict. She was decommissioned in April 1960 and placed in reserve. In November 1965, she was transferred to the Ecuadorian Navy as BAE "Orion" (H-101). She was scrapped in 1980.
Career.
"Mulberry" (AN 27) originally designated "YN 22", was laid down 18 October 1940 by the American Shipbuilding Company, Cleveland, Ohio; launched 26 March 1941; sponsored by Mrs. W. H. Gerhauser; placed in service at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in the 10th Naval District; commissioned 19 December 1942, Lt. W. T. Holly in command; and was reclassified "AN 27", effective 20 January 1944.
Following re-designation, "Mulberry" departed Guantanamo Bay and sailed to Adak, Alaska. Operating from Adak and Kodiak, Alaska, she engaged in net tending, carried cargo, and transported military personnel in Alaskan an Aleutian waters for the next 3 years.
She arrived San Francisco, California, 12 March 1947 for an overhaul, after which she proceeded to Tiburon, California, for training exercises. Assigned to Hawaii net laying ship duty, she engaged in harbor operations at Pearl Harbor from 7 June to January 1948. She resumed operations off the U.S. West Coast for the next 2 years, departing Bremerton, Washington, 8 July 1950 for duty in Japan.
For the next 5 years she engaged in net tending at Sasebo and Yokosuka Harbors. Between 29 May and 1 August 1953, she operated in the Korean ports of Pusan, Cheju Do, Ulsan, Wonsan, and Chinhae, aiding United Nations forces meeting the challenge of Communist aggression,
"Mulberry" arrived Long Beach, California, 23 December 1955, and continued operations from that port for the next 5 years. She decommissioned 11 April 1960, and was placed in the Pacific Reserve Fleet, berthed at San Diego, California. The "Mulberry" was transferred on loan to Ecuador in November 1965 under the Military Assistance Program where she served as "Orion (H-101"); she was scrapped in 1980.
Honors and awards.
"Mulberry" received one battle star for her U.S. Korean War service.

</doc>
<doc id="18633194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633194" title="Frederick Gotthold Enslin">
Frederick Gotthold Enslin

Frederick Gotthold Enslin was the focus of one of three possible cases of sodomy documented in the Continental Army under General George Washington. The case began with a charge against an ensign for slander against another soldier. At Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, in February 1778, Ensign Anthony Maxwell was brought before a court-martial charged with "propogating a scandalous report prejudicial to the character of Lieut. Enslin." The Ensign was ultimately acquitted of the charge.
In March 1778, Lieut. Enslin was brought to trial before a court-martial. According to General Washington's report: "...Lieutt. Enslin of Colo. Malcolm's Regiment tried for attempting to commit "sodomy" ..." Washington's secretary continues to describe the results of the trial: "His Excellency the Commander in Chief approves the sentence and with Abhorrence & Detestation of such Infamous Crimes orders Lieut. Enslin to be drummed out of Camp tomorrow morning..."
The diary of Lieut. James McMichael records the sentence being carried out on 15 March 1778:
"March 15. — I this morning proceeded to the grand parade, where I was a spectator to the drumming out of Lieut. Enslin of Col. Malcom's regiment. He was first drum'd from right to left of the parade, thence to the left wing of the army; from that to the centre, and lastly transported over the Schuylkill with orders never to be seen in Camp in the future. This shocking scene was performed by all the drums and fifes in the army— the coat of the delinquent was turned wrong side 
out."
He may be identical to "Gotthold Fried. Enslin" who arrived in Philadelphia on the ship "Union" from Rotterdam on 30 September 1774.

</doc>
<doc id="18633214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633214" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Purnea">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Purnea

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Purnea () is a diocese located in the city of Purnea in the Ecclesiastical province of Patna in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18633218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633218" title="Axinellidae">
Axinellidae

Axinellidae is a family of sponges in the order Halichondrida.

</doc>
<doc id="18633232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633232" title="Rincon (meadow)">
Rincon (meadow)

A rincón is a grass meadow. The term is in wide use in English in the southwest United States, where it refers specifically to a sloping (usually steep) meadow on the south facing upper slopes of a forested mountain. These characteristic high meadows are formed by the repeated freezing and thawing of snow accumulations on south facing slopes, creating a habitat not conducive to forest. They are further maintained by a high frequency of low-intensity wildfire. A notable example of a wildfire begun in a rincon, with catastrophic consequences, was the 2000 Cerro Grande Fire in New Mexico, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18633246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18633246" title="Partial Answers">
Partial Answers

Partial Answers: Journal of Literature and the History of Ideas is a peer-reviewed interdisciplinary academic journal that focuses on the study of literature and the history of ideas. The journal publishes articles on various national literatures including Hebrew, Yiddish, German, Russian, and (predominantly) English literature. It was named "Best New Journal of 2004" by the Council of Editors of Learned Journals.
The journal is published twice a year in January and June by the Johns Hopkins University Press. The current editor in chief is Leona Toker of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

</doc>
