<doc id="18711188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711188" title="Fez (video game)">
Fez (video game)

Fez (stylized as FEZ) is a 2012 puzzle platform game developed by indie developer Polytron Corporation and produced by Polytron, Trapdoor, and Microsoft Studios. It is a 2D game set in a 3D world, as the two-dimensional player-character receives a fez that reveals a third dimension and consequently tears the fabric of his universe. "Fez" puzzles are built around the core mechanic of rotating between four 2D views of a 3D space, as four sides around a cube, where the environment realigns between views to create new paths.
The game was an "underdog darling of the indie game scene" during its high-profile and protracted five-year development cycle. "Fez" designer and Polytron founder Phil Fish received celebrity for his outspoken public persona and prominence in the 2012 documentary "", which followed the game's final stages of development and Polytron's related legal issues. The game was released as a yearlong Xbox Live Arcade exclusive on April 13, 2012 to critical acclaim, and was later ported to other platforms.
"Fez" won several awards, including the 2012 Independent Games Festival's Grand Prize, 2011 Indiecade's Best in Show and Best Story/World Design, and 2008 Independent Games Festival's Excellence in Visual Art. It was "Eurogamer" 2012 Game of the Year. "Fez" had sold one million copies by the end of 2013. A sequel was planned, but was later canceled as Fish abruptly left the industry.
Gameplay.
As a platform game, Gomez jumps between 2D ledges and quickly respawns upon falling to his death. The platforming elements change with the setting, including tree branch platforms in the forest, and factory pistons that launch Gomez airborne. Other elements include crates that activate switches, bombs that reveal passages, collapsing platforms, and climbable ivy. The ultimate object of the game is to collect cubes and cube fragments, which accrete to save the universe. There are two different cubes that count towards the 32 cube threshold needed for the ending.
The game's puzzles are based around discovery. Progression through the game reveals hidden warp gates, enigmatic obelisks, "Tetris" tetrominos, invisible platforms, puns, pixelated hieroglyphics, a decipherable alphabet, QR codes, treasure maps, and treasure chests with keys and artifacts that factor into later puzzles. The game does not depend on item collection and an inventory, but vague hints. Its puzzles can be solved soon after their discovery. "Fez" presents false signals alongside decipherable codes that the player can choose to interpret or ignore. A recurring theme is the relics of an ancient civilization as it attempted to make sense of their dimension.
The game has no foes, bosses, or punishments for failure. The game emphasizes puzzle-solving and patience over platforming dexterity. Fish described the game as a stop and smell the flowers' kind of game". "Fez" features a pixelated art style with a limited palette. The game harkens back to the 8-bit era with Nintendo Entertainment System-style sound effects and the navigational aide Dot, who says, "Hey! Listen!" The homage includes "Tetris" tetrominos inscribed on the walls and in the sky, treasure chests animations that liken to that of "The Legend of Zelda", mushroom levels and travel by pipe and floating platforms à la "Super Mario Bros.", and sewer levels presented in the style of a Game Boy's screen. Other settings include lighthouses, libraries, water towers, and alleyways with neon signs. The game's New Game Plus mode imports previous game progress as Gomez collects "anti-cubes" for the harder puzzles towards the 64-cube goal, and adds another perspective-based feature. This second half of the game is less easygoing and focuses on code cracking.
Development.
The game that became "Fez" began in a collaboration between Montreal-based Phil Fish and Toronto-based Shawn McGrath. The two indie developers worked on McGrath's idea for a puzzle game: a four-sided 3D space with each side in 2D, similar to what was incorporated into "Fez". Fish provided the project's art, and credited his influence to Shigeru Miyamoto and Hayao Miyazaki. Fish and McGrath's partnership crumbled due to creative differences, with Fish wanting to create a platform game. After the split, McGrath made "Dyad" with his new company, ][ (Left Square Bracket Right Square Bracket). Fish continued to work on the game in his spare time, and incorporated the idea of voxels (3D pixels), where a 2D pixel could be seen from four sides. The entirety of "Fez" design, lore, and art descends from this game mechanic.
Fish announced his search for a programmer on DeviantArt, and the first person to reply, Renaud Bédard, became lead programmer. They were both living in Montreal and the same age. Though Bédard had some experience in 3D graphics as a hobbyist and was studying computer science, "Fez" was his first professional game development project. When Bédard joined the project, the game focused on the 2D–3D mechanic and did not yet have open world ambitions. His first task was making the level editor. Bédard coded the game in Microsoft Visual C# Express and XNA Game Studio Express. He developed an engine he called Trixel Technology that turns 2D tiles ("triles") into sides of a 3D cube pixel, which Bédard distinguished from voxels used in 90s Westwood Studios games in that the shape of the cubed pixels' sides remain square for a pixelated look.
The player-character Gomez is tracked in 3D space even though the game behaves as a 2D platformer. Bédard built the game to resolve collisions when converting between 3D and 2D space. The levels were built by extruding surfaces in Fezzer, a level editor Bédard wrote from scratch in XNA and based on SketchUp. Fish would create pixel art in Photoshop for each tiled side (or "trile") of the 3D trixel, Bédard's custom software compiled the textures into the 3D game assets, and Fish would build levels with those assets in the Fezzer editor. Fish compared his design process to playing with Lego blocks. For the more involved levels, Fish used graph paper to first visualize the 2D views since his software work built the levels in 3D. In their process, Fish would propose an idea, Bédard would implement it, and the two would discuss and tweak its nuances. They worked well together.
The game was nominated for two awards at the 2008 Independent Games Festival (IGF) at the Game Developers Conference (GDC): Excellence in Visual Art and the Design Innovation Award. As "Fez" was a side project, Fish was employed at Artificial Mind and Movement in Montreal, where he worked on a tie-in game for a film. He was not permitted time off to attend the event, and decided to quit his job in January 2008—a moment he later marked as "when I became indie". The game won for Excellence in Visual Art, and created a surge of public interest in the game concurrent to a similar swell of interest in indie game developers. Fish received a government loan, opened Polytron Corporation as a startup company, and began work on "Fez" full-time. In July 2009, Polytron announced a release on Xbox Live Arcade in early 2010. Polytron and Microsoft agreed to release "Fez" as an Xbox Live Arcade exclusive, a deal Fish later recalled as sensible. Fish designed the game as "a console game, not a PC game", and felt that the way he intended the game to be experienced—with a controller on a couch—was "part of the medium". Polytron ruled out a WiiWare release due to problems Fish had with their platform and developer options.
Fish originally fought against the inclusion of the in-game map and navigational assistant, Dot. He wanted players to make their own maps before feedback and his own map attempt changed his mind. Fish called the in-game map "probably one of the weakest aspects of the game". Fish felt that Dot was a successful addition who helped the game's mythology. He also described the fez as an "ancient symbol of understanding the third dimension". The first part of the game was designed to acclimate the player to 2D controls before adding the 3D element. The levels were made tall instead of wide so as to fit the rotation mechanic. Fish found the level design process "overwhelming", and Bédard was glad the level design fell to someone else. The game's puzzles and levels were not preordained in a design document. Many of the 2008 levels were first drafts, and were revisited as elements were rearranged in the production process.
"Fez" had three separate animators at different points. The game's animals and some of Gomez's animations were made by Paul Robertson of "". Other animators include Adam Saltsman of "Canabalt" and Graham Lackey, who drew some character animation. Fish describes the game's changes during development as "organic", in testing different kinds of levels and replicating the types of in-game exploration that the team appreciated. He added that the game came to adopt Metroidvania mechanics, with "secret passages, warp gates, and cheat codes". The game's mechanics were inspired by the Nintendo Entertainment System games Fish played in his youth, particularly "Super Mario" and "The Legend of Zelda". Fish watched all of Hayao Miyazaki's films during one weekend early in the development cycle to better emulate the director's "open blue sky", "feel-good" atmosphere. He cited "Myst" as another touchstone, comparing its open world, nonlinear narrative, and "obtuse metapuzzles" to "Fez" own alphabet, numeric system, and an "almost unfairly hard to get" "second set of collectibles".
Fish cited Fumito Ueda's "Ico" as the game's third inspiration, and he sought to emulate its feeling of nostalgic and isolated loneliness. "Fez" originally included ideas like player health and object weight, but were gradually removed in what Fish likened to game designer Fumito Ueda's "design by subtraction" philosophy. As Ueda's game "Ico" was developed, the team removed aspects they once added to the game so as to leave only what was essential to their vision. Fish felt encouraged to do the same to his game through this story, and struck the mechanics of collecting "Zelda"-esque heart pieces (as they didn't let Gomez "die" after losing all his hearts anyway) and of vases that needed water to be heavy enough to depress a switch—aspects unrelated to the core rotation mechanic. Fish made a personal challenge of designing a game without relying on "established mechanics". As such, "Fez" was always a peaceful game and there was never an enemy coded into the game.
"Indie Game: The Movie".
The game won the Audience Choice Award at the September 2011 Fantastic Arcade, and Best in Show and Best Story/World Design at the October 2011 Indiecade. It was selected as one of the PAX 10 independent games at the 2011 Penny Arcade Expo. "Fez" was displayed in its entirety at the October 2011 GameCity festival in Nottingham, England. The "Fez" demo was secluded in a lounge room, and Fish considered it their most fruitful demo yet. Fish told a "Gamasutra" reporter that he had received positive feedback from Independent Games Festival Chairman Brandon Boyer and "Braid" designer Jonathan Blow. Near the end of development, Fish felt "burnt out" and that his personal health had suffered. The final game included almost none of the original work from the first two years of development. After several delays, "Fez" was submitted for certification in February 2012.
In March 2013, Fish announced a May 1, 2013 release for the game's PC port, and opened preorders on GOG.com and Steam. The game's OS X and Linux ports debuted in the pay-what-you-want Humble Indie Bundle 9 on September 11, 2013. Polytron announced ports for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation Vita in August 2013 as in development through Bilt Software, and is scheduled for release on March 25, 2014. The PlayStation releases include cross-console support for "cross-buy" (where one digital purchase allows access across multiple consoles) and "cross-save" (game save sharing between consoles), as well as support for 3D televisions, the DualShock 4 controller's decorative lightbar, and graphical upgrades due to the full port into the C++ programming language. Ports for Ouya and iOS were also announced as in development. Fish announced eventual ports for pretty much' every platform" but the Nintendo 3DS.
Bédard credited the game's long development cycle to his own inexperience in game development (compounded by the team's small size and difficulty in setting reasonable milestones), the game's scope, and Fish's perfectionism. While working on "Fez", Fish revived a game project called "Super Hypercube", which was based on motion capture input and stereoscopic navigation. Fish felt the game would work better with the new Kinect motion tracking than with the Wiimote, and the adapted game was a finalist at Indiecade 2011. Bédard planned to leave Polytron after finishing "Fez" to experience work with a full development team, but stayed to port the Windows release before joining Toronto's Capybara Games.
Fish had hoped that players would discuss "Fez" nuances online after the game's release. Players collaborated online for a week to solve the final "monolith" puzzle by brute force. "Ars Technica" described the apparent end to the game's harder puzzles as "anticlimactic". Fish told "Eurogamer" in March 2013 that hidden secrets in the game remain to be found.
Music.
"Continuum" is a synthesized rendition of Frédéric Chopin's Prelude, Op. 28, No. 4.
The soundtrack was released in a digital format on April 20, 2012. Pre-orders for the soundtrack topped the Bandcamp charts. Kirk Hamilton of "Kotaku" wrote that "Fez" sound effects evoked Jim Guthrie's "" audio. Joshua Kopstein of "The Verge" called the work "fantastic" and described it as a cross between a "1980s Vangelis synth odyssey" and a submerged vinyl record from an arcade. "Game Informer" Miller wrote that the soundtrack contributed to the "80s nostalgia vibe". "Eurogamer" described the music as "lush, spooky, and electrifying", and "Edge" compared it to "Holst put through a Mega Drive". Oli Welsh of "Eurogamer" wrote that the music matched the game's themes of "hidden depth". Welsh heard influences of 60s English psychedelia (Pink Floyd, Soft Machine), 70s Krautrock (Tangerine Dream and Kraftwerk), 80s synth (Jean Michel Jarre, Vangelis), and Erik Satie. He added that the soundtrack's contribution to the game was "incalculable".
"Game Developer" listed Vreeland in their 2012 Power 50 for his work on the soundtrack, which they described as "atmospheric, pensive, and maybe even a little bit melancholy". In keeping with the game's theme of secrets, images visible only through spectrogram were embedded into the soundtrack audio. Images included that of Harry S. Truman, Jesus, and a QR code of a list of years. Vreeland released a remix album, "FZ: Side F", a year later on April 20, 2013. It features tracks from other artists, including Jim Guthrie. He later released another remix album, "FZ: Side Z", and all three albums were included in the August 2013 Game Music Bundle 5.
Reception.
The video game review aggregator Metacritic described reviews for the 2012 Xbox 360 "Fez" as "generally favorable" and those for the 2013 PC version as "universal acclaim". GameRankings ranks "Fez" as the 73rd highest-rated Xbox 360 game and 15th highest-rated PC game. While in development, "Fez" had won the 2012 GDC Independent Games Festival's Seamus McNally Grand Prize, the 2011 Indiecade Best in Show and Best Story/World Design, the 2011 Fantastic Arcade Audience Choice Award, and the 2008 GDC Independent Games Festival's Excellence in Visual Art. "Eurogamer" awarded "Fez" a perfect score and named the "perfect, wordless sci-fi parable" their 2012 Game of the Year. "Digital Spy" listed "Fez" eighth in its Best Games of 2012, ahead of high-budget games like "Black Ops 2" and "Halo 4". "Fez" was "Diamond Trust of London" developer Jason Rohrer and "Halo 4" lead game designer Scott Warner's 2012 game of the year. The PC port was Metacritic's tenth best-reviewed video game of 2013.
"The New York Times" called "Fez" Fish's "tribute to 1980s gaming ... lovingly, almost excessively, devoted to the golden age of Nintendo". Arthur Gies of "Polygon" described the game's aesthetics as "so retro it hurts", citing the pixelated look, chiptune soundtrack, and ways of clueing the player without explicit guidance. Gies felt that though "8-bit nostalgia" was outmoded, the game showed an understanding of its influences and was the "most authentic" of the style. Jeremy Parish of "1UP.com" called the game's minimalism "admirable" and likened its art style to "Cave Story". IGN video review said the game "drags the 8-bit era into the future". "Kotaku" described the game's nostalgic manner as "the video game aesthetic". Oli Welsh of "Eurogamer" lamented how "retro pixel art" became an indie game cliché during the length of the game's development, but saw a departure from other indie game stereotypes alongside the game's dedication to the wonderment of early Nintendo titles, noting, "Fish clearly worships the Nintendo of his boyhood". Welsh described the game as Shigeru Miyamoto's peace-loving 1970s surrealist "", and saw its social role as "the darling of a certain indie clique" with "studied hipster cool". "Edge" described the game as "a place built from gaming's history", whose playfulness makes it "an unexpected heir to "Super Mario Bros."" with levels like well-crafted toys.
Journalists likened "Fez" rotation mechanic to the 2D–3D shifts of games like "Echochrome", "Super Paper Mario", and "Crush". Early in development, Fish himself said that the idea is "nothing mind-blowing" and that the game could have been made "at any point in the last 15 years". "Polygon" Gies wrote that "Echochrome" did it better, among others, and Tom Mc Shea of "GameSpot" considered the mechanic a gimmick. Matt Miller of "Game Informer" thought that "Fez" fulfilled the idea's potential best of the bunch, commending the puzzle design and pacing up until the endgame. He also compared the game's story to that of the novella "Flatland", where the protagonist similarly discovers the complexities of another dimension. "1UP.com" Parish said that "Fez" rotation mechanic was deeper than "Super Paper Mario" and not as Escher-heavy as "Echochrome". "Edge" felt that the game's technique was "far less self-conscious" and "more harmonious" than "Endochrome" and "Crush", and that "Fez" indoor puzzles were its best. "Eurogamer" Welsh compared the game's "wraparound platforming" to 80s game "Nebulus".
Reviewers commended the game's emphasis on discovery and freedom, but regretted the game's navigation and endgame's requisite backtracking as tedious. Parish of "1UP.com" wrote that open-world action games like "Metroid Prime" all have these issues, while "Edge" found the 3D map more helpful than its first impression. They compared the game's esoteric tricks to an older age of game development that packed games with Easter eggs, secrets, and codes, citing titles such as "Exile" and "Jet Set Willy". IGN's Mitch Dyer contrasted "Fez" riddles to "Metal Gear Solid" codec frequency puzzle, where the answer was on the game's case. Jeffrey Matulef of "Eurogamer" related his experience to the feeling of first playing the 1994 "Myst". "The New York Times" called "Fez" "a "Finnegan's Wake" of video games" for its codebreaking that "makes the player feel like John Nash as portrayed by Russell Crowe in "A Beautiful Mind"". "Game Informer" recommended "Fez" for completionists who seek challenges. "Polygon" Gies described his uncertainty about the intentionality of technical frame rate issues as having a "certain genius". Other reviewers noted its technical faults: "Game Informer" as minor, and "1UP.com" as "easily the glitchiest game I've played on my 360".
The game sold 100,000 copies in less than two months, 200,000 within a year, and after the Humble Bundle, one million by the end of 2013. It was Xbox Live's 13th bestselling Arcade title of 2012. "Fez" was cited as an inspiration for the 2014 indie puzzle game "Monument Valley".
Sequel.
"Fez 2" was announced as "one more thing" at end of the Horizon indie game press conference during the June 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo. A Twitter argument between Fish and "GameTrailers" journalist Marcus Beer a month later culminated in the project's cancellation and Fish's exit from the industry. In an episode of his show "Invisible Walls", Beer had criticized Fish's recent response to questions about Microsoft's Xbox One self-publishing policy change. On Twitter, Fish condemned the industry for its negativity before his final tweet announced the cancellation and his leave. The news came as a surprise to the rest of his company, which has not commented on upcoming projects other than ports since the sequel's cancellation. "Polygon" listed Fish in their top 50 newsmakers of 2013 for the social power of his "caustic use of Twitter".

</doc>
<doc id="18711193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711193" title="Analectis">
Analectis

Analectis pala is an extinct lamprid of the Family Turkmenidae. Its fossils are found from Late Oligocene strata from what is now Turkmenistan. "Analectis", as with the other members of Turkmenidae, was a close relative of the opahs.

</doc>
<doc id="18711194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711194" title="Department of National Museum (Sri Lanka)">
Department of National Museum (Sri Lanka)

The Department of National Museum is a non-ministerial government department in Sri Lanka responsible for maintaining the National Museums. There are other museum in the country run by the Department of Archaeology and the Central Cultural Fund, Sri Lanka. 
External links.
Sri Lanka National Museum

</doc>
<doc id="18711198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711198" title="Anne Marie La Traverse">
Anne Marie La Traverse

Anne Marie La Traverse is a Canadian television executive. She is the founder and executive producer through Pink Sky Entertainment of "Flashpoint". La Traverse's other productions include "Cold Squad", "Murder Most Likely" (based on the story of Patrick Kelly), "", "Tripping the Wire" and "Playing House".

</doc>
<doc id="18711200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711200" title="Pomacentrus tripunctatus">
Pomacentrus tripunctatus

The three-spot damsel ("Pomacentrus tripunctatus") is a small solitary damselfish. Found in reef habitats ranging from the Indian Ocean to Melanesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18711201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711201" title="Jorge Abrego">
Jorge Abrego

Jorge Alberto Ábrego Martínez (born 16 October 1964 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player.
Playing career.
Club.
Nicknamed "El Zapatero (The Shoemaker)", Ábrego has played all of his professional career at C.D. FAS.
International.
Ábrego made his debut for El Salvador in 1984 and has earned well over 40 caps. He has played in three World Cup qualification series, for the 1986, 1990 and 1994 World Cup Finals. He also played at the 1993 UNCAF Nations Cup.
Ábrego's final international was a May 1993 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Canada.
Managerial career.
After he retired, Ábrego became a manager and currently is with C.D. FAS as the interim coach.

</doc>
<doc id="18711238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711238" title="GLitcH!">
GLitcH!

GLitcH! is a comic strip written by Ed Wiens which focuses on the adventures and mis-adventures that "Norb" and Norb's family & friends have with "GLitcH", Norb's computer.
The comic strip has been in production since 1996, and is self-syndicated in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Beginning with a circulation base of only several hundred in a newsletter for a Government of Alberta newsletter, publication of GLitcH! comics grew yearly in circulation numbers to approximately 1.2 million pieces of print per month by 1998 and was distributed in five major regions in Canada. A self-published book entitled, "GLitcH! How Do You Start This Thing?" was also printed in 2001.
The strip went into hiatus in 2003.
Articles by the author on the art and business of cartooning can be found at http://www.glitch.ca

</doc>
<doc id="18711253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711253" title="Ziggy (elephant)">
Ziggy (elephant)

Ziggy (ca. 1917–October 27, 1975) was a male Indian elephant who lived at Brookfield Zoo outside Chicago from 1936 to 1975. He weighed about six tons and was over ten feet tall. After attacking and nearly killing his keeper in 1941, Ziggy was chained to the wall of an indoor enclosure, and remained there for nearly three decades. His confinement became a cause célèbre in the late 1960s, when school children and other animal enthusiasts began campaigning for his release. Ziggy was briefly allowed to go outside in 1970, and a year later, the zoo completed a new outdoor facility specifically designed for the elephant. However, Ziggy only enjoyed a few years of freedom before dying in 1975.
Early years.
Born in Asia, Ziggy was named after Florenz Ziegfeld, who purchased the elephant from John Ringling in 1920. Ziegfeld thought the elephant, then a 250 pound youngster, would be a good birthday present for his six-year-old daughter. However, the elephant was sold back to Ringling after the animal reportedly trampled through the Ziegfelds' greenhouse. Ringling, in turn, sold the elephant to Singer's Midget Circus. While touring with Singer's troupe, Ziggy bonded with a dwarf named Charles Becker, who taught the elephant how to dance, play a harmonica, and smoke cigarettes.
At the San Diego Exposition Children's Circus in February 1936, Becker fell ill, and Ziggy was paired with a new handler, Johnny Winters. However, the elephant did not respond well to Winters, and fled from the grounds. Ziggy was later found in Balboa Park, and Becker was called from his sickbed to coax the elephant out. Some reports claimed that Ziggy had killed a trombone player in the midst of his escape, but this was never verified. In any case, the circus decided it could no longer keep the elephant, and sold him to Brookfield Zoo. Ziggy arrived at Brookfield in July 1936 and became a popular attraction for visitors.
Attack on Slim Lewis.
At Brookfield Zoo on April 26, 1941, Ziggy suddenly turned on his keeper, George "Slim" Lewis. The elephant first struck Lewis to the ground with his trunk and pulled him beneath his head. Ziggy then tried to gore Lewis, but the keeper dodged each attack by slipping between the elephant's tusks. Eventually, Ziggy lunged so hard that his tusks became lodged in the ground for several seconds. Sensing his chance to escape, Lewis pulled himself up by grabbing onto Ziggy's ear, then punched the elephant in the eye. With Ziggy momentarily stunned, Lewis jumped into the moat around the elephant's enclosure and climbed to the other side.
Despite his ordeal, Lewis was an animal lover, and he begged zoo director Robert Bean to spare Ziggy's life. Bean decided that the animal would not be killed, but would be kept inside the Pachyderm House at all times as a safety precaution. Later that day, Lewis returned to Ziggy's yard and, with the help of another elephant, led the animal indoors. For the next few decades, the animal would remain alone in a stall, attached to a wall with a chain of variable length.
Years later, Lewis explained that Ziggy was in the midst of his musth period on the day of the attack. Musth is a time of high testosterone levels in male elephants, leading to aggressive behavior, and Ziggy may have been agitated because keepers had been urging him to mate with a female elephant.
Campaign to free Ziggy.
In March 1969, Michael Sneed of the "Chicago Tribune" called attention to Ziggy's confinement, writing, "Ziggy's six-foot tusks, which once grew so long they crossed each other, now are decayed and broken. The once frequent majestic blasts from his huge trunk wail very rarely... Ziggy refuses to face his visitors and turns toward the back wall, swaying back and forth, occasionally picking up stray articles of food thrown at him." The article caused a sensation, and Brookfield Zoo was inundated with letters about Ziggy. Peter Crowcroft, who had recently become the zoo director, announced that he wanted to let Ziggy go outdoors again. However, he explained that the zoo would need to build a new $50,000 facility to accommodate the elephant, something they could not afford at the time.
In response, people throughout the Chicago area, particularly schoolchildren, began collecting money for the "Ziggy Fund". Many elementary schools and high schools organized fundraisers, and the Bellwood Boys' Club made a five-foot-tall papier-mâché statue of Ziggy, which they paraded through the streets while collecting quarters. A number of donations also arrived from overseas, including several from American soldiers who had been stationed in Vietnam. In August 1970, the zoo received a major boost when William Sitwell, president of the Chicagoland Buick-Opel Dealers Association, pledged to match the money raised from individual sources.
As the Brookfield Zoo came closer to its $50,000 target, zoo officials decided they should see how Ziggy would react to being outdoors before building a new facility for the elephant. On September 23, 1970, Ziggy saw the sun for the first time in nearly thirty years when he was allowed to walk through a barricaded portion of his old yard. Slim Lewis traveled from Seattle, Washington, to escort the elephant outside. Ziggy stood at the doorway for about thirty minutes, then slowly came out and starting eating a bale of hay. After exploring the yard for an hour and a half, Ziggy went back inside.
Ziggy's new outdoor facility was completed during the summer of 1971. Most of the $50,000 was spent on a remote control door, which would allow the elephant to go inside and outside without human intervention. Ziggy finally entered his new home on August 28, 1971, in front of more than one thousand cheering people. Over the next few months, the zoo added a wading pool to Ziggy's yard and refurbished his indoor stall.
Later years.
The next few years were generally quiet for Ziggy. In March 1975, however, Ziggy fell into the moat around his enclosure while trying to poke a zookeeper with his trunk. The elephant survived the fall, but broke a tusk and scraped his head. Workers poured 84,000 pounds (42 tons) of gravel into the moat to give Ziggy a ramp to climb. The elephant would not move for 31 hours, but when a zookeeper opened a nearby door to a female elephant's enclosure, Ziggy decided to pull himself out. Once free, however, he ignored the female elephant and simply went toward his food.
A few months later, Ziggy lay down to rest in his indoor stall, rolled onto his side, and died. Zoo spokespeople said Ziggy had mainly died of old age, explaining that the animal's health had been declining long before he fell into the moat.
Legacy.
Ziggy's remains were given to the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago, where his bones remain in storage.
A children's book about Ziggy's life, "Ziggy: The World's Greatest Elephant", was released in 1995. It was written by Tom Hollatz and illustrated by Ray Shlemon.
A Ziggy memorial made from obsidian with ivory made from Ziggy's tusks can be found at the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidary Art in Elmhurst, IL, in a diorama in their permanent collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18711258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711258" title="Ashby Canal Trust">
Ashby Canal Trust

The Ashby Canal Trust is a waterway society based at Measham, Swadlincote, Leicestershire, England, UK, and concerned with the restoration of a part of the Ashby Canal, also known as the Ashby-de-la-Zouch Canal.
The restoration project is funded by: 
In 2009, the Inland Waterways Association held its annual National Trailboat Festival on the restored length of the Ashby Canal at Moira, at the most northern end of the canal in Leicestershire. The IWA allocated the Festival there to "showcase the work carried out by the Ashby Canal Trust and raise awareness for the continuing restoration".

</doc>
<doc id="18711272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711272" title="Cătălin Crăciun">
Cătălin Crăciun

Cătălin Ştefăniţă Crăciun (born 26 August 1991) is a Romanian football player, currently under contract with Universitatea Craiova.

</doc>
<doc id="18711274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711274" title="Mihai Costea">
Mihai Costea

Mihai-Alexandruu Costea (born 29 May 1988 in Drăgăşani) is a Romaniann professional footballer who plays as a forward. He is the younger brother of Florin Costea.
Club career.
Universitatea Craiova.
Costea played in Universitatea Craiova youth team. In 2008 the player was promoted to the first team, where he joined his older brother Florin Costea. Though his favorite positions are striker or winger, due to lack of players at Universitatea Craiova he was often used as a left midfielder. This usually brought criticism to Universitatea Craiova officials.
Steaua București.
Costea was transferred to Steaua București for a reported transfer fee of €1.4 million. 
At the end of 2013, Costea has become a free agent and able to sign with any other team. He did not fit anymore into team's plans.
International career.
Costea was a Romania U-21 international being capped thirteen times and scored one goal against Latvia U-21 on 14 November 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18711278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711278" title="Silviu Lung Jr.">
Silviu Lung Jr.

Silviu Lung Junior (born 4 June 1989) is a Romanian football goalkeeper who currently playus for Astra Giurgiu.
He is the son of Silviu Lung and younger brother of Tiberiu Lung.
International career.
Silviu Lung Jr. was regular for Romania U-21 in the last qualifying campaign. Lately, he was capped for the senior team of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18711284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711284" title="Ateleopus">
Ateleopus

Ateleopus is a genus of ray-finned fish in the jellynose family (Ateleopodidae). It is the type genus of its family, and the order Ateleopodiformes. For some time, it was known as "Podateles", because "Ateleopus" had been used to replace the frog genus name "Atelopus", which was deemed to be a spelling error. This was mistaken, however, and the fish and frog genera reverted to their original names.
This genus occurs in the fossil record since the mid-Miocene.
Species.
There are currently five recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="18711288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711288" title="Atlanta School of the Performing Arts">
Atlanta School of the Performing Arts

Located in the city of Atlanta, Georgia, The Atlanta School of the Performing Arts serves 75 students each year, aged six through eighteen, in a nine-month program that teaches "the technique of performing Broadway and contemporary plays, as well as television." It also offers private voice, acting and dance classes.

</doc>
<doc id="18711289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711289" title="Harald Hauptmann">
Harald Hauptmann

Harald Hauptmann (born 1936) is a German archaeologist known for his excavation work in east and southeast Turkey. He has also done study of pre-Islamic Pakistan. He is a Professor Emeritus at the University of Heidelberg and is a foreign-member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18711306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711306" title="Bajaichthys">
Bajaichthys

Bajaicthys elegans is an extinct Lutetian lamprid from the Monte Bolca Lagerstatten.
Anatomy and appearance.
The holotype is four centimeters in length. It has a deep, oblong-shaped body, a deep, but short head, a long tail composed of 27 caudal vertebrae, a long, crest-like dorsal fin, a long, banner-like anal fin with 29 to 30 rays running from the posterior region of the body down the entire length of the tail, and two enormous, wing-like pelvic fins.
The holotype (and only known specimen) is regarded as the remains of a larval ("youthful") form due to its small size and due to its strong similarity to the larval form of trachypterid ribbonfish.
Taxonomic Status.
"B. elegans"' taxonomic status remains unclear as it combines features of both taeniosomid lamprids (i.e., its larval form resembles those of oarfish and ribbonfish), and of bathysomid lamprids (the anatomy of the pelvis is extremely similar to that of sailfins)

</doc>
<doc id="18711317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711317" title="Henry Clay Cochrane">
Henry Clay Cochrane

Henry Clay Cochrane (November 7, 1842 – April 27, 1913) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the latter half of the 19th century and early 20th century. He participated, most notably, as a newly minted 2nd Lieutenant in the American Civil War, and later the Spanish American War, where he served as Executive Officer of the 1st Marine Battalion during the 1898 landing at Guantanamo Bay, as well as the Boxer Rebellion of 1900, where he was involved with the China Relief Expedition commanding the 1st Regiment of Marines. At the time of his death in 1913, he was on the retired list as holding the rank of Brigadier General.
Service history.
During the Civil War, then Lieutenant Cochrane accompanied President Abraham Lincoln as a member of his guard at the dedication ceremony for the new Gettysburg Battlefield Cemetery where Lincoln delivered his famed Gettysburg Address.
After the Civil War, Cochrane was elected as a Veteran Companion the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.
In the latter part of the 19th century, Henry Clay Cochrane became an ardent advocate for reform within the antiquated Marine Corps. Among other things, his recommendations for changes to the Marine uniform, which had not been updated in 12 years, partly resulted in the adoption of the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor as the new Marine emblem in 1868, a uniform device which is still in use today.
As a Captain serving as the Fleet Marine Officer on board the sloop-of-war "USS Lancaster", Flagship of the European Station, he was present at the bombardment of Alexandria, Egypt, by the British Fleet in July 1882. During the operation, he accompanied a landing party along with Lieutenant Littleton W. T. Waller consisting of a mixed bluejacket and Marine force to suppress looting and to protect the U.S. consulate. The Naval landing force of sixty-nine sailors and sixty-three Marines was formed, with Lieutenant Commander Charles Goodrich in command and Captain Cochrane as executive officer. Two companies comprised the force, the sailors under Navy Lieutenant Frank L. Denny and the Marines under Lieutenant Waller. The timely arrival of the ships of the European Squadron and their landing forces gave protection to the American consulate and to American citizens and interests caught up in the fighting and also afforded a refuge for the citizens of other nations who had been displaced from their homes or businesses. Advancing cautiously through the burning and rubble strewn streets, the Americans reached the Grand Square of Mehmet Ali, the heart of the city. The American Consulate was here, and it became the headquarters of the force. Although the French troops had abandoned the city and cautiously returned to their ships, the Marines secured the Grand Square and began to patrol the streets of the European Quarter, as the international business and consular area was called. Cochrane, Waller and their Marines were assigned to Lord Charles Beresford’s British force for the protection of the European Quarter. The anticipated rebel counterattack never came, and a ten-day standoff ended with the arrival of the four thousand-man British relief force. According to the Times of London:
"Lord Charles Beresford states that without the assistance of the American Marines he would have been unable to discharge the numerous duties of suppressing fires, preventing looting, burying the dead, and clearing the streets."
Cochrane was also present at the coronation of Czar Alexander III at Moscow in May, 1883. In 1898, then major Cochrane was appointed second in command of the 1st Marine Battalion under Lieutenant Colonel Robert W. Huntington and participated in the landing at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba during the Spanish American War. During the Boxer Rebellion of 1900, he commanded the 1st Marine Regiment as part of the China Relief Expedition.
Henry Clay Cochrane retired from active duty as a Colonel in 1905, bringing to an end 42 years of service in the Marines. In 1911, he was promoted to Brigadier General on the retired list. General Cochrane died on April 27, 1913 at the age of 71 in Chester, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="18711341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711341" title="Sung Shee">
Sung Shee

Sung Shee (; 6 October 1920–22 March 2007) was an important Taiwan historian, geographer, educator and governmental official. Sung was the fourth President of the Chinese Culture University.
Life.
On 6 October 1920, Sung was born in Lishui, Zhejiang Province, China. He studied history and geography at Zhejiang University and obtained his bachelor's and master's degrees there. His master thesis discussed the relationship between merchants and scholar-bureaucrats, government in Song Dynasty. He also obtained a master's degree from the Department of History at Columbia University, with a dissertation on "Chinese Labour in the Transvaal, 1904–1907" (1957). Song obtained his Ph.D. from Chinese Culture University in June 1989. Sung also received an honorary doctor's degree from Korean Konkuk University.
Sung came to Taiwan together with Chang Chi-yun. He had a long career in governmental offices including the research institute of national defence. He was the director of the Department of History and then Institute of History, Chinese Culture University. He also was the fourth president of Chinese Culture University.
Sung was a famous historian especially in the field of Song Dynasty history.
On 22 March 2007, Sung died in Taipei, Taiwan, from a car accident.
Works.
Sung's studies mainly were in Chinese history especially Song Dynasty history. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18711357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711357" title="México City México Temple">
México City México Temple

The México City México Temple (formerly the Mexico City Temple) is the 28th constructed and 26th operating temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
It is located in the north-eastern part of the Mexican capital, Mexico City. The architecture is influenced by the Mayan Revival style, and includes both Aztec and Mayan elements. It is the largest temple outside the United States. 
The México City Temple was announced on April 3, 1976, and dedicated on December 2, 1983 by Gordon B. Hinckley. The temple was built on a plot, has 4 ordinance rooms and 11 sealing rooms, and has a total floor area of . It was the first of twelve Latter-day Saint temples built in Mexico.
The temple closed March 30, 2007 for renovations that were expected to take up to 14 months. Renovations were completed and the church conducted guided tours of the temple from October 20 through November 8, 2008. Thomas S. Monson rededicated the temple on Sunday, November 16, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18711361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711361" title="Bill Mustos">
Bill Mustos

Bill Mustos is a Canadian television executive and lawyer. He is the founder, president and executive producer through Avamar Entertainment of "Flashpoint". Mustos' has been involved in the Canadian film and television industry for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="18711365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711365" title="The Way To Cook">
The Way To Cook

The Way To Cook (1989, Knopf) is a cookbook and series of instructional videos written by the television personality and cooking teacher Julia Child; Child saw it as her magnum opus and considered it the culmination of her career as a cooking teacher. The book was published by Knopf, the firm that published almost all of Child's work from the beginning to the end of her career; the video series was produced with and marketed by the WGBH Educational Foundation in Boston but was shot at Child's home in Santa Barbara, California.
"The Way To Cook" differs from "Mastering the Art of French Cooking" in numerous ways. While "Mastering" was a collaboration that co-authors Simone Beck and Louisette Bertholle had gotten underway before Child's involvement, "The Way To Cook" was a solo work written entirely by Child during the late 1980s. Another difference was that "The Way To Cook" did not focus entirely on French cuisine, on which her reputation had been built, but added a substantial number of recipes for traditional American dishes, especially those of New England, where Child's mother had come from and where Child had spent much of her life. In this, the book reflected the diversification of the cooking repertoire on Child's television show, "Julia Child & Company," that had taken place since its premiere in 1978. 
The book also formally described an approach to teaching that Child and others had been using since the very beginning, providing a more explicit focus on "master recipes"-- that is, recipes that illustrate broad principles in cooking--with other recipes provided as variations on those same themes. The book also made greater use of improved cookware deigns and of new technology such as the food processor, of which Child was a major proponent. The 1983 revision of "Mastering" was inspired in large part by the introduction of the food processor into the market. 
The book immediately proved to be extremely popular, with four printings in the first month after its introduction; it remains in print nearly two decades later, in both hardcover and softcover editions.

</doc>
<doc id="18711386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711386" title="R60">
R60

R60 may refer to :
R-60 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18711391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711391" title="Antonio Bertoloni">
Antonio Bertoloni

Antonio Bertoloni (born in Sarzana on February 8, 1775; died in Bologna on April 17. 1869) was an Italian botanist who made extensive studies of Italian plants. He also collected notable samples of Central American flora. 

</doc>
<doc id="18711418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711418" title="List of mayors of Bayonne, New Jersey">
List of mayors of Bayonne, New Jersey

This is a list of mayors of Bayonne, New Jersey:

</doc>
<doc id="18711424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711424" title="Relacom">
Relacom

Relacom is a global supplier of network services. The company constructs, install and maintain fixed, mobile and enterprise networks. Relacom’s business concept is to provide field-managed network services at homes, in offices and on networks. 
Relacom has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden, and is presence in 17 countries with approximately 17 000 employees.
History.
Relacom was formerly called Telavie. Altor Equity Partners acquired Norwegian Bravida Telecom (Telavie) at the end of 2004. In May 2005, Altor Equity Partners became the majority owner of Flextronics Network Services. The merger of Flextronics Network Services and Telavie, subsequently renamed Relacom, created a leading Nordic network service provider. Altor was unable to make the new company profitable, and at the end of 2009 Altor along with Nordea, DnB Nor and German HSH Nordbank invested an additional 400 million SEK in the company. 12 April 2011 the banks took control of the company from Altor.

</doc>
<doc id="18711468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711468" title="Halo nevus">
Halo nevus

Halo nevus (also known as "Leukoderma acquisitum centrifugum," "Perinevoid vitiligo," and "Sutton nevus") is a mole that is surrounded by a depigmented ring or 'halo'.
Background.
Halo nevi are also known as Sutton's nevi, or leukoderma acquisitum centrifugum. Halo nevi are named such because they are a mole (nevi) that is surrounded by an area of depigmentation that resembles a halo. 
Halo nevi are associated with vitiligo. Sometimes the pale (hypopigmented) areas will spontaneous regress, and pigment returns. 
Causes.
The formation of a halo surrounding a nevi is believed to occur when certain white blood cells called CD8+ T lymphocytes destroy the pigment-producing cells of the skin (melanocytes). The cause for the attack is unknown.
Predilection.
Halo nevi are estimated to be present in approximately 1% of the general population, and are found to be more prevalent in people with vitiligo, malignant melanoma, or Turner syndrome. All races and sexes are equally susceptible to this disease, although a familial tendency has been reported. The average age of onset is in a person's teenage years.
Treatment.
As halo nevi are only of cosmetic significance, no treatment is required, and patients will be asymptomatic. Although halo nevi are harmless, it is important to monitor the lesion on regular basis. Watch out for any changes in appearance of existing or new halo nevi. If there is any change in appearance or is associated with pain, itch, and infection, a doctor should be consulted immediately to exclude the possibility of melanoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18711482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711482" title="Akatsuki-class destroyer (1901)">
Akatsuki-class destroyer (1901)

The was a class of two torpedo boat destroyers (TBDs) of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
Background.
The "Akatsuki"-class destroyers were ordered under the 1897 fiscal budget as a follow-on to the earlier "Ikazuchi"-class. Both were ordered to the Yarrow Shipbuilders in Clyde, Scotland.
Design.
Substantially identical to the previous "Ikazuchi"-class, the main difference between the vessels was in the design of its rudder. With the previous class, the rudder was semi-balanced, and had a portion exposed above the waterline. This made the vessel vulnerable to disablement by stray gunfire. The "Akatsuki"-class was intended to remedy this design flaw. Only two vessels were procured, as the Japanese navy intended to study the technique and to retrofit the existing "Ikazuchi"-class vessels in Japan.
The design was similar to the four-stack Royal Navy B class, also known as the “Thirty Knotters”.
Both vessels had a flush deck design with a distinctive "turtleback" forecastle that was intended to clear water from the bow during high speed navigation, but was poorly designed for high waves or bad weather. The bridge and forward gun platform were barely raised above the bow, resulting in a wet conning position. More than half of the small hull was occupied by the boilers and the engine room. With fuel and weaponry, there was little space left for crew quarters.
Both were powered by triple expansion steam engines and had coal-fired water-tube boilers. Armament was one QF 12 pounderon a bandstand on the forecastle, five QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss (two sided abreast the conning tower, two sided between the funnels and one on the quarterdeck) and 2 single tubes for 18 inch torpedoes.
Operational history.
Both "Akatsuki"-class destroyers arrived in Japan in time to be used in combat service during the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905. "Akatsuki" arrived at Yokosuka on May 7, 1902 and "Kasumi" on 25 June.
During the Battle of Port Arthur "Akatsuki" struck a naval mine and sank on May 17, 1904 at .
After the end of the Russo-Japanese War, "Kasumi" was re-classified as third-class destroyer on August 28, 1912 and was removed from front line combat service. It was used as an unarmed utility vessel until 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18711484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711484" title="R70">
R70

R70 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18711502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711502" title="Gajibiji">
Gajibiji

Gajibiji is a 2008 Telugu film directed, written, and produced by K. Vasu. Ali plays the lead role while Farjana, Venu Madhav, Brahmanandam, Krishna Bhagavaan, Kota Srinivasa Rao and Raghu Babu play supporting roles. This film released on 8 August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18711503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711503" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1962–1965">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1962–1965

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1962 to 1965, as elected at the 1962 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18711572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711572" title="Kidnap (film)">
Kidnap (film)

Kidnap is a Bollywood thriller film starring Sanjay Dutt, Imran Khan, Minissha Lamba and Vidya Malvade. The film is directed by Sanjay Gadhvi, who earlier directed the hit films "Dhoom" (2004) and "Dhoom 2" (2006).
Plot.
Sonia (Minissha Lamba) lives with her mother, Mallika (Vidya Malvade) and grandmother (Reema Lagoo); her parents had divorced when she was ten. A fortnight before her eighteenth birthday, she picks an argument with her mother about her coming home late after the Christmas Party. Her mother tells her to stay within limits and arrive home in time. She is reluctant to abide by the rule and after much negotiation demands that she would listen to everything if she gets to meet her father. Then she leaves home and goes swimming in the sea to vent out. Far into the sea, she vanishes underwater.
She wakes up in the evening in a cottage which has no exit. At first she doesn't believe that she has been kidnapped and thinks that her friends are playing a prank on her. The abductor Kabir (Imran Khan) tells her how she came there. When she went swimming in the open sea, he pulled her below the water surface and knocked her unconscious using a bottled chloroform.
Meanwhile, everyone is worried at her home. Next morning, her mother receives a call from Kabir wherein he says that he is interested in speaking to Sonia's father, Vikrant Raina (Sanjay Dutt), a New York based Indian business tycoon, with whom he has an old score to settle.
Vikrant Raina is introduced as a cruel and heartless but a very wealthy man, worth USD 51.7 billion. He is in India because he believes someone has emptied a large share of his money. Mallika meets him and tells him that Sonia has been kidnapped and that the kidnapper wants to speak only to him.
Its around 3 p.m. when the kidnapper calls again. Vikrant and Sonia speak to each other for the first time in eight years. Kabir tells Vikrant that the money is safe in his account. Vikrant wants to know the reason behind the kidnapping. Kabir tells him that he has to do a few things as ransom to release his daughter. The very first of them is saying "Sorry" to Sister Margaret whom he would find on a train from Panvel at 4 p.m. Vikrant says its crazy to reach there in half an hour. But Kabir tells him that she has a clue of how the they can meet. Vikrant is determined to reach the place by 4 and he has to overcome unwarranted circumstances. Sister Margaret hands over a piece of paper which has a poetry written on it. Vikrant knows there is something in it so he involves a detective Irfan (Rahul Dev) who has solved many corporate kidnapping cases successfully in the past.
But Kabir is interested in playing a deadly game with Vikrant. He is asked to perform daring tasks (like robbery from a business rival's house) which would reward him with a clue to identify the kidnapper and the motive of kidnapping. The same time Kabir start to lose control with Sonia but still he stays away from her. 
On the other hand its hard to believe for Sonia that she has been kidnapped. Initially Kabir is good with her but when she tries to stab Kabir by the name of flirting and hurt his leg and he becomes furious so he tries to misbehave her but he understands that this is not his motivation and leaves her but he ties her up. 
Once Sonia realizes that Kabir is probably frustrated but not a bad human being she gets a little comfortable with him. She subsequently realizes that she is being housed in a bungalow which was once owned by her father. On inquiring further Kabir reveals that several years earlier Vikrant had falsely accused Kabir of kidnapping Sonia. Consequently, Kabir spent his formative years in jail where he underwent undue mental and physical torture. Kabir was simply out to get even with Sonia's father (Vikrant) by kidnapping her for real.
Meanwhile, based on the clues he already has, Vikrant figures out that Kabir is his daughter's kidnapper. Subsequently unable to reach Vikrant over the phone Kabir decides to pay him a visit. As planned, Vikrant and Irfan intercept the kidnapper and a chase ensues. Eventually, Kabir leads Vikrant to Sonia. After meeting his daughter briefly, Vikrant is told to dismiss Irfan from the case and he hands over the task to free a prisoner from jail. Vikrant follows the command but during the assignment however, Irfan intervenes and injures Kabir.
Injured Kabir is nursed by Sonia when he reaches the bungalow. Despite having an opportunity, she does not escape captivity. Based on the clue Vikrant receives after freeing the prisoner from jail, he figures out the location of his captive daughter. On reaching his old bungalow he does not find his daughter or the kidnapper but instead discovers the next clue that requires Vikrant to murder someone at a New Year's eve party. After much deliberation Vikrant commits the murder and realizes that he murdered the kidnapper, Kabir. While Vikrant is guilty and pensive due to the turn of events, Kabir emerges alive. Kabir makes him realize that at that point Vikrant was criminal himself even though he committed the crimes to rescue his daughter. Kabir then asks Vikrant to reflect on the past and decide for himself if Kabir was criminal who deserved the jail time or a teenager who was unduly penalized for an innocent mistake. After, Vikrant apologizes to Kabir, Kabir disappears and his jacket leads Vikrant to the final clue which leads him to his daughter.
In the final scene, the Raina family is reunited and enjoying at a gathering. At the gathering, Kabir pays a surprise visit to Sonia and apologizes for the trouble he made her go through. At the end it seems that both Kabir and Sonia wish each other good luck and bid each other good-bye.
Release.
Box Office.
Kidnap was released on 3 October 2008.
Raw Box Office Net Collections: Rs. 21.72 crores (2008) 
Adjusted Net: Rs. 25.27 crores 
Kidnap Box Office Gross: Rs. 30.07 crores (2008) 
Adjusted Gross: Rs. 34.99 crores 
Overseas: $120,000 (USA), £365,000 (UK) 
after four weeks
Awards.
Nominated:
IIFA Best Villain Award Imran Khan
Critical reception.
"Kidnap" received generally poor reviews from critics. Elvis D'Silva of rediff gave the movie 2 stars out of 5, criticizing the performances of Sanjay Dutt and Minissha Lamba. 
Gaurav Malani of "Indiatimes Movies" gave the movie 2.5 stars, praising the story line and climax. 
Taran Adarsh gave the movie 2 stars out of 5, criticising the script as one "that easily ranks amongst the worst of 2008" while praising the performance of Imran Khan. 
Abhishek Mande of Buzz18 rated the movie 2/5, describing it as "seriously funny."
"Kidnap" did better than Goldie Behl's "Drona" which came out the same day.
Soundtrack.
The music was composed by Pritam and Sandeep-Sanjeev.

</doc>
<doc id="18711577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711577" title="Edward Wyke Smith">
Edward Wyke Smith

Edward Augustine Wyke-Smith (1871–1935) was an English author, mining engineer and adventurer. He is the author of "The Marvellous Land of Snergs", now particularly noted as an inspiration for Tolkien's creation of hobbits.
Biography.
After a time in the Horse Guards at Whitehall, Wyke-Smith joined the crew of a windjammer and sailed to Australia and the west coast of the United States. In the American West, he worked as a cowboy. Back in England, he studied mine engineering and later managed mines in Mexico, the Sinai, South America, Spain, Portugal and Norway. During the 1913 revolution in Mexico, he rescued his wife from the capital. He built a pontoon bridge across the Suez canal during the First World War.
He wrote his first book, "Bill of the Bustingforths", at his children's request, and went on to write several others, both for children and adults.
Influence on Tolkien.
J. R. R. Tolkien, author of "The Hobbit" and "Lord of the Rings" is known to have read, "The Marvellous Land of Snergs" to his children. He said: "I should like to record my own love and my children's love of E. A. Wyke-Smith's "Marvellous Land of Snergs", at any rate of the snerg-element of that tale, and of Gorbo the gem of dunderheads, jewel of a companion in an escapade."
The similarities between the races of snergs and hobbits have led to speculation that the book was a major inspiration. They are similar in their physical descriptions, their love of communal feasting, and their names, particularly Gorbo and Bilbo. In all the books there are also journeys through dangerous forests and underground caverns.

</doc>
<doc id="18711585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711585" title="Funtech">
Funtech

The Funtech Entertainment Corporation (敦煌科技 - Dunhuang Technology) is the Taiwanese company responsible for the Super A'Can amongst other things such as Geographic Information Systems and office equipment and office supplies. It was a subsidy of UMC until it collapsed due to the failure of the Super A'Can.

</doc>
<doc id="18711602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711602" title="Gunther Barth">
Gunther Barth

Gunther Paul Barth (b. 1925 in Düsseldorf – d. 7 January 2004 in Berkeley) was an American historian. Barth joined the University of California, Berkeley faculty in 1962, and taught Western American and urban history until his retirement in 1995. During his career he had reached the position of Professor of History.
Barth came to the United States and to the study of American history on an unusual path. Barth attended local schools in Düsseldorf until he was 16 years of age, after which World War II was well under way, and he was drafted into the military. He fought on several fronts, was wounded twice, and captured by British forces.
After the war, and out of the army, he worked as a journalist in Düsseldorf until 1951. During two of those years he studied literature and art history at the University of Cologne; he also won a year-long fellowship, awarded by the U.S. State Department, which enabled him to study at the University of Oregon. After another year in Cologne, he returned to the United States, worked in New York City in construction and, for a short time, as a nightclub bouncer.
By 1957, armed with an A.B. and an M.A. from the University of Oregon, he felt ready for doctoral work in history and entered Harvard University. Studying for five years, Barth was awarded a Ph.D. for his work in 1962.
Barth not only won acclaim for his books but he also became famous as an academic teacher who impressed his students with his stupendous memory and his dry humor. Twice he was a Fulbright Professor at the University of Cologne and once at the University of Hamburg in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18711622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711622" title="Sorbus vilmorinii">
Sorbus vilmorinii

Sorbus vilmorinii, Vilmorin's mountain ash or Vilmorin's rowan (), is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to Sichuan, Tibet and Yunnan in China. 
It is a deciduous shrub or small tree, tall, with ferny leaves, each having multiple leaflets that turn purple in autumn (fall). The fruits, which can last through winter, are crimson, turning to pale pink. They are eaten by birds when there is no other food supply nearby. 
The specific epithet "vilmorinii" refers to the 19th century French horticulturalist Maurice de Vilmorin.
It grows in a wide range of habitats (mountain slopes, roadsides, mixed forests along river banks, grasslands, bamboo thickets).
"Sorbus vilmorinii" was described based on a specimen in cultivation that was an apomictic microspecies. However, almost indistinguishable specimens are diploid and frequent in the wild. Also hybrids are common in the wild.
In cultivation, this plant provides a long season of interest as an elegant, compact tree which can be grown in smaller gardens. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Like all rowans the fruit can be cooked and used to make bitter jellies or marmalades.

</doc>
<doc id="18711634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711634" title="Antti">
Antti

Antti is a Finnish masculine given name derived from the Greek name "Andreas". In Estonia, the variant "Anti" is more common. It is uncommon as a surname. People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18711660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711660" title="Mid Valley City">
Mid Valley City

Mid Valley City is a mixed development project in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The development consists of The Gardens shopping mall and Mid Valley Megamall.
Accessibility.
It is accessible by both road and rail transport. Rail transport is served directly by KTM Komuter via Mid Valley Komuter station while indirectly by RapidKL railway system via Abdullah Hukum LRT station. The KTM station connects directly with the Mid Valley Megamall. According to the corporate website, the company is trying to secure permission to build a bridge connecting The Garden shopping mall to the LRT station, therefore it improves improving connection between the buildings. Mid Valley City is a stop for RapidKL buses routes leading here such as B105, B116 and U66.
MSC Status.
Mid Valley City has been awarded MSC Malaysia Cyber Center status since September 22, 2008. Offices in the development offer competitive date center rates and high-speed broadband access.

</doc>
<doc id="18711691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711691" title="INS Rana">
INS Rana

The following ships of the Indian Navy have been named Rana:

</doc>
<doc id="18711693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711693" title="Air Force Base Swartkop">
Air Force Base Swartkop

Air Force Base Swartkop is South Africa's oldest air force base and houses the South African Air Force Museum. It is managed as part of AFB Waterkloof and houses one of the three branches of the South African Air Force Museum. The name of the air force base, "Swartkop" means "Black hill" in Afrikaans.
AFB Swartkop is located in the town Centurion (previously Verwoerdburg) in the Gauteng Province of South Africa, between Pretoria and Midrand (Johannesburg), which is a part of the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality.
History.
Air Force Station (AFS) Zwartkop was established in April 1921 after a private farm named Zwartkop was acquired by the Government of the day in 1920. The Dutch spelling of Zwartkop was retained for the Air Force Station that was subsequently established there. On April 1, 1949, the Dutch spelling was dropped in favour of the English spelling and resulted in Air Force Station Swartkop. The Air Force Station was upgraded to an Air Force Base on 1 February 1968. The name of the base reverted to the original "Zwartkop" in 2012.
The SAAF claims Swartkop is the second oldest airstation in the world and the oldest operational airstation in the world. Over the years many distinguished Squadrons have been based at Swartkop. This includes 26 Squadron SAAF which was formed there on 24 August 1942.
The Chief of the South African Air Force opened the relocated South African Air Force Museum at AFB Swartkop in 1993.
The Air Force Base reverted to Air Force Station status in 1999. This decision was made by the South African Air Force to vacate the base and leave behind the South African Air Force Museum located there and to keep the Airfield as an extension of Air Force Base Waterkloof. The SAAF Museum Historic Flight has also moved to the airfield.
As of December 2013 the South African Air Force still hasn't vacated all operational units on the base. The South African Air Force Museum currently occupies the northern side of the base while active SAAF units occupy the southern side of the base.
South African Air Force Memorial.
The South African Air Force Memorial is located at Swartkop. It contains an honour roll of SAAF personnel who have been killed on duty as well as a memorial to personnel of all nations that died during the British Commonwealth Air Training Plan in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18711697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711697" title="The Spanish Viceroy">
The Spanish Viceroy

The Spanish Viceroy is a problem play of English Renaissance drama. Originally a work by Philip Massinger dating from 1624, it was controversial in its own era, and may or may not exist today in altered form.
History.
1624.
In December 1624, the King's Men got into trouble with Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels, because they performed a play, "The Spanish Viceroy", without first obtaining Herbert's license. This step was bound to get them into trouble: Herbert's job was to oversee and censor every play acted in the London theatres, and he was zealous in doing his job, maintaining his authority, and collecting his fees.
The outcome was unsurprising, given the way the system of control worked. On 20 December 1624, the King's Men provided Herbert with a "submission", a written apology, signed by each actor who had taken part in the offending performance. The cast included Robert Benfield, George Birch, John Lowin, Thomas Pollard, John Rice, Richard Robinson, William Rowley, John Shank, Richard Sharpe, Eliard Swanston, and Joseph Taylor. (Herbert copied the submission into his office book in 1633, a sign of the importance he assigned to it.)
1628.
On 6 May 1628, another Massinger play was duly licensed, a work titled "The Honour of Women". This second play had no immediately obvious connection with "The Spanish Viceroy"; the connection between them would only appear a quarter-century later. "The Honour of Women" is one of the plays that was destroyed in the kitchen of John Warburton. (His cook mistook his manuscript collection for scrap paper, and used it up lighting fires and lining pie pans. Some 50 manuscripts, many of them unique copies of plays, were destroyed.)
1653.
On 9 September 1653, stationer Humphrey Moseley entered a large number of plays into the Stationers' Register; one of the dramas he registered on that date was titled "The Spanish Viceroy, or the Honour of Women". This would appear to indicate that Massinger reworked his 1624 "Spanish Viceroy" into a new form, which was licensed for performance in 1628 as "The Honour of Women".
Moseley, however, had a habit of skimping on registration fees by deliberately confusing titles and subtitles, and registering two plays for the price of one. He did this for "The Lovers' Progress", "The Bashful Lover", "The Guardian", and "A Very Woman", other plays in the Massinger canon. So there is no guarantee that "Spanish Viceroy" and "Honour of Women" were the same play after all. Scholars have been divided on the issue of whether these titles refer to one play, or two.
Gondomar and Osuna.
Early critics developed the argument that "The Spanish Viceroy" was a play about the Count of Gondomar, the diplomat who had served as Spain's ambassador to England to 1622. The King's Men had made a sensation in August 1624 with their staging of Thomas Middleton's "A Game at Chess", with its satiric portrayal of Gondomar. In this view, the King's Men attempted to repeat their controversial success of August 1624 with a similar play in December.
There is some reason to think that controversial plays like "A Game at Chess" were backed by interested factions at Court, and that the King's Men would not have staged such plays without some measure of official support. (Officials supported plays on controversial subjects when it was in their interest to do so, as with "Sir John van Olden Barnavelt" and "The Late Lancashire Witches".) By this reasoning, the actors dared to stage the unlicensed "Spanish Viceroy" because they had protection from some segment of the Jacobean power structure.
The Gondomar hypothesis regarding "The Spanish Viceroy" is, however, speculative, with no firm evidence to support it.
A more modern and perhaps more plausible hypothesis suggests that "The Spanish Viceroy" was about Pedro Giron, Duke of Osuna, who had served as the viceroy of Sicily and Naples. Osuna was suspected of planning to set himself up as king of an independent kingdom. He was recalled to Spain in 1620, and put on trial; he died in prison. Osuna's story would have been of current interest in 1624, and could have suited the English public's anti-Spanish mood.
"A Very Woman".
Neither "The Spanish Viceroy" nor "The Honour of Women" has survived under its original title. Yet commentators also developed the hypothesis that "The Spanish Viceroy" exists in an altered form, as the extant 1634 play "A Very Woman". This is one of Massinger's collaborations with John Fletcher, and the play does feature a Spanish viceroy of Sicily as a supporting character. Yet plays are normally named after their protagonists, or on rare occasion the protagonists of their comic subplots; they are not named after supporting characters. This makes "A Very Woman" seem an unlikely candidate for "The Spanish Viceroy".
"A Very Woman" also has nothing to do with the Count of Gondomar or the Duke of Osuna.

</doc>
<doc id="18711698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711698" title="Zenobius Membre">
Zenobius Membre

Zenobius Membre, O.M.R. (1645–c.1687), was a French Franciscan Recollect friar and missionary in North America.
Life.
Membre was born at Bapaume, then in the ancient Province of Artois, and entered the local friary of the Franciscan Recollect Province of St. Anthony. He arrived in Canada in 1675, and in 1679 he accompanied Robert de La Salle to the country of the Illinois, of which he wrote a description. His missionary work there had little success.
In 1681 Membre descended the Mississippi River with La Salle to the Gulf of Mexico, returned with the leader of the expedition to Europe by way of Canada. There he became Guardian of the Franciscan friary in his native city. 
Membre returned to American and in 1684, along with two other Franciscans and three Sulpicians, sailed with La Salle, intending to found a colony at the mouth of the Mississippi River, but inaccurate maps and navigational errors caused them to anchor 400 miles (644 km) west, off the coast of Texas near Matagorda Bay. La Salle erected Fort St. Louis, a 50-mile (80 km) overland trek from Matagorda Bay in 1685, near what is now Inez, Texas. Membre endeavored to establish a mission among the Cenis nation (Hasinai). In this he failed.
After about two years Membre was killed, along with Father Maximus Le Cerq, Father Chefdeville, and the small garrison which La Salle had left at the settlement. 

</doc>
<doc id="18711731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711731" title="Shoot Out the Lights (song)">
Shoot Out the Lights (song)

"Shoot Out the Lights" is a single by heavy metal band Diamond Head released in 1980 by Happy Face Records, the band's own label. It was a single A-side with "Shoot Out the Lights" and "Helpless" as the B-side, and was only available on 7", without a picture sleeve in order to reduce production costs. The latter song was covered by thrash metal band Metallica on their 1987 "$5.98 EP: Garage Days Re-revisited" EP. An extended version of "Helpless" appeared on Diamond Head's 1980 debut Lightning to the Nations, and "Shoot Out the Lights" eventually appeared on an expanded version of the debut album released in 2001 by Sanctuary Records. The EP received much criticism from heavy metal fans claiming that "it wasn't metal enough." The band, though scoffing at these comments, was seen in live concerts playing more hardcore versions of beloved songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18711738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711738" title="Dragomir Dujmov">
Dragomir Dujmov

Dragomir Dujmov ("Serbian Cyrillic": Драгомир Дујмов) is a Serbian poet, novelist and short story writer from Hungary.
Dujmov is a leading Serbian poet and writer in Hungary. Dragomir Dujmov was born on March 17, 1963 in Szentes (Hungary). He grew up in a patriotic Serbian family in Katymar near the Serbian-Hungarian border close to the town of Baja. He continued his education in Budapest in the Serbo-Croatian Secondary School. He graduated from the University of Novi Sad's Faculty of Philosophy in 1989.(Serbia).
To-day Dujmov is a teacher in Serbian Grammar-school in Budapest.
Dragomir Dujmov started his literary career as a poet. There followed a period in which Dujmov concentrated on the writing of short stories, tales and novels about Serbs in Hungary. In 1992 he published a book of poetry "Sunce se nebom bori" (Sun fightings with Heaven). His first novel B"eli putevi" (White Roads) was published in 2000.
Dujmov takes his material from the history and life of Serbs in Hungary or Austria-Hungary. The author describes the life of Serbs in Budapest and other places in Hungary. Dujmov is at his best when he limits himself to his native Hungary (Habsburg Empire, Austria-Hungary) and her people of different nationalities. 
Dragomir Dujmov elected as a member of Union of Serbian Writers in Belgrade. 
He received the literature Award of Matica iseljenika Srbije (Belgrade, 2006) and literature Award of Zadužbina "Jakova Ignjatovića" (Budapest, 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="18711778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711778" title="Giora Shanan">
Giora Shanan

Giora Shanan b. 5 May 1908 d 9 November 2001, Palmach member from 1941. Served in the Palmach Headquarters as Deputy Palmach Commander.

</doc>
<doc id="18711814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711814" title="Bryanboy">
Bryanboy

Bryan Grey Yambao, better known by the pen name of Bryanboy, is a Filipino fashion blogger. A former web developer, he started blogging at age 24 from his parents' Manila home. His eponymous blog won the 2007 Philippine Blog Award for Best Fashion & Lifestyle Blog. The "New York Post" named him one of the nine hottest internet celebrities, and news.com.au has called him "one of Fashion 2.0’s biggest superstars" and a "phenom in the fashion blogosphere". His blog, called "hysterically camp" by the "Sydney Morning Herald", is known for its "witty and often bitchy commentary." He has been featured on the panel of Cycle 19 America's Next Top Model, Season 19 as the social media correspondent.
Bryanboy fans often send in photos of themselves in his signature pose—standing with hips thrust to one side and a handbag in an outstretched arm—or with handwritten signs declaring "I <3 Bryanboy"; celebrity participants have included Marc Jacobs, Tanya Dziahileva, Alexandra Agoston, and Rachel Clark. Though no brand spokesman commented on the matter, it was reported that Bryanboy's trademark pose was referenced in two 2006 Fendi advertisements. Marc Jacobs named a handbag after him (the BB ostrich bag) after Bryanboy posted about it in his blog.
An exposé in the September 2012 issue of "Rogue Magazine" alleged that Bryanboy was involved in the creation of the gossip website ChikaTime and that his lavish spending is inconsistent with his purported roots and may be funded illegally, as well as pretending to be rich when he actually came from a poor family .

</doc>
<doc id="18711815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711815" title="Little Armadillos">
Little Armadillos

Little Armadillos was an alternative comedy sketch show in sitcom format that aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom in 1984. Set in a nightclub (The Seal Club) run by the psychotic brothers Wayne and Donny Armadillo, the show ran for seven 30-minute episodes from 13 September to 25 October 1984 and has never been repeated or released on video or DVD. Written by Pete Richens & Colin Gibson, it starred Steve Steen and Jim Sweeney as Wayne and Donny respectively and co-starred Daniel Peacock, Helen Lederer, Phil Nice, Steve Frost & Mark Arden, among other members of the alternative comedy scene of the early Eighties.The show also featured The Flatlettes, who sang short songs within the show which were written by Colin Gibson & Kenny Craddock. the show was directed by Bob Spiers.
""Those that can remember this dark 'alternative comedy' have fond memories of it however the show has now faded into oblivion."" British Sitcom Guide.

</doc>
<doc id="18711825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711825" title="Waterlooville F.C.">
Waterlooville F.C.

Waterlooville F.C. was an English football club based in Waterlooville, Hampshire. They were known as "The Ville" and played at Jubilee Park in Aston Road. They ceased to exist in 1998 when they merged with Havant Town to form Havant & Waterlooville.
History.
The club was established in 1905 and initially played in the Waterlooville and District League. Shortly before World War II they joined the Portsmouth League, immediately winning the Division Three title. After the war they won Division Two and after a few years in Division One they managed to win the title three times in a row. In 1953 they joined the Hampshire League and in 1968–69 reached the first round of the FA Cup for the first time, where they lost 2–1 to Kettering Town. 
In 1971 the club were promoted to Division One South of the Southern League. They won the division in their first season and were promoted to the Premier Division. However, they finished bottom of the Premier Division the following season and were relegated back to Division One South. In 1976–77 they reached the first round of the FA Cup again, losing 2–1 at home to Wycombe Wanderers in a match which set the Jubilee Park attendance record of 4,500. When the league was reorganised in 1982 they were placed in the Premier Division, but were relegated back to Division One South in 1982–83, despite also reaching the final of the Southern League Cup, losing to Alvechurch. The following season, under the stewardship of manager John Milkins, they again reached the first round of the FA Cup, holding Northampton Town to two 1-1 draws, before losing a second replay 2–0.
Ville lifted the Southern League Cup in 1986–87 after winning both legs of the two-legged final against Hednesford Town. The following season they finished second and were promoted back to the Premier Division. In 1988-89 they reached the first round of the FA Cup for the fourth and final time, losing 4–1 at home to Aylesbury United. They remained in the Premier Division until relegation at the end of the 1993–94 season. In 1998 the club merged with Havant Town F.C. to form Havant & Waterlooville F.C. Residential housing, known as Coronation Road, was built on the site of Jubilee Park. The rows of poplar trees which marked the southern and western boundaries of the football ground remain.

</doc>
<doc id="18711828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711828" title="List of songs written by Irving Berlin">
List of songs written by Irving Berlin

This article is a list of songs written by Irving Berlin. It is arranged in alphabetical order. Sources vary as to the number of songs actually written by Berlin, but a 2001 article in "TIME" put the figure at around 1,250. Of these, 25 tunes reached #1 on the pop charts.
According to the New York Public Library, whose Irving Berlin collection comprises 550 non-commercial recordings radio broadcasts, live performances, and private recordings, he published his first song, "Marie from Sunny Italy", in 1907 and had his first major international hit, "Alexander's Ragtime Band" in 1911.
Many of Berlin's songs were included in the seventeen complete scores he wrote for Broadway musicals and revues, including "The Cocoanuts", "As Thousands Cheer", "Louisiana Purchase", "Miss Liberty", "Mr. President", "Call Me Madam" and "Annie Get Your Gun".

</doc>
<doc id="18711834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711834" title="Sergio Busquets">
Sergio Busquets

Sergio Busquets Burgos (, ; born 16 July 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Spanish national team, as a defensive midfielder.
He was a relatively obscure player when he arrived in FC Barcelona's first team in July 2008, but eventually made a name for himself in a relatively short period of time, reaching the Spanish national team in less than one year after making his professional club debut.
Busquets helped Spain win the 2010 World Cup and the Euro 2012 tournaments. 
Club career.
Born in Sabadell, Barcelona, Catalonia, Busquets joined local FC Barcelona's youth ranks in 2005, scoring seven goals in 26 games for the "Juvenil A" team in his second season. Two years later, he was promoted to the B-team under Pep Guardiola, and helped it achieve promotion to the third division. In that same season he would make his first-team debut, coming on as a substitute in a Catalonia Cup match.
On 13 September 2008 Busquets played his first La Liga match, 90 minutes in a 1–1 home draw against Racing de Santander. During Barcelona's UEFA Champions League match against FC Basel at St. Jakob-Park on 22 October 2008, he scored the second goal in the 15th minute in a 5–0 group stage win; in early December, in another start, he scored his second with "Barça" in the competition, netting in the 83rd minute of a 2–3 home loss against FC Shakhtar Donetsk.
On 22 December 2008 Busquets signed a contract extension until 2013, with a buy-out clause of €80 million. On 7 March of the following year he scored his first league goal, in a 2–0 home win over Athletic Bilbao. On 27 May, having been regularly played as he competed for the spot with internationals Seydou Keita and Yaya Touré, he also featured in Barcelona's starting eleven in the Champions League final, a 2–0 win over Manchester United; with that victory, Carles and Sergio Busquets became only the third father-and-son combo to both have won Europe's top club competition playing for the same team, joining Manuel Sanchís Martínez and Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo (won it with Real Madrid) and Cesare Maldini and Paolo Maldini (A.C. Milan).
Busquets' fine form continued in the 2009–10 season, with Guardiola preferring him to Yaya Touré as Barcelona's holding midfielder. In the Champions League semi-final against Inter Milan at Camp Nou on 28 April 2010, he went down to the ground after Thiago Motta had raised his arm and supposedly pushed Busquets in the face. As a result of this action, Motta was shown a second yellow card and sent off, and Busquets was subsequently criticised by the media for apparently feigning injury.
Busquets was again ever-present for Barcelona in the 2010–11 campaign, even playing as a central defender on occasion. On 27 January 2011 he signed a contract extension that would keep him at the club until 2015 – the buyout clause was increased to €150 million. On 8 March, playing at centre back, he scored an own goal from a corner kick against Arsenal, in the season's Champions League round-of-16, levelling the score at 1–1; Barcelona eventually won the game 3–1 (and 4–3 on aggregate).
On 24 April 2012 Busquets scored a rare goal (only his sixth official one in four seasons), netting from an easy tap-in after an Isaac Cuenca cross to make it 1–0 for the hosts in the season's Champions League semifinals' second leg against Chelsea, but "Barça" could only draw 2–2 against ten men, losing 2–3 on aggregate. 
On 16 July 2013, the day he celebrated his 25th birthday, Busquets agreed to a contract extension until 2018, with the buyout clause remaining unaltered.
International career.
On 11 October 2008 Busquets earned his first cap for Spain's under-21, in their 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification play-offs first leg match against Switzerland: he scored in the 17th minute but the national side lost 1–2 away, eventually emerging victorious 4–3 on aggregate.
On 11 February 2009 Busquets was called up to the senior squad for the friendly against England. He finally made his debut for "La Furia Roja" on 1 April 2009, in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Turkey, playing 16 minutes in a 2–1 win in Istanbul after replacing David Silva; four days earlier he had been named as a substitute when the same sides met in Madrid, with Spain winning 1–0 through a goal from teammate Gerard Piqué.
Busquets was selected by manager Vicente del Bosque for the finals in South Africa, assuming the holding midfielder role naturalized Brazilian Marcos Senna had previously had in the conquest of UEFA Euro 2008: he played all the games and minutes for the eventual World champions (save for the last 30 minutes of the 0–1 group stage loss against Switzerland).
Personal life.
Busquets' father, Carles, was also a footballer, having played as goalkeeper for Barcelona for several years during the 1990s, although almost exclusively as a backup.

</doc>
<doc id="18711843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711843" title="1976–77 FA Cup">
1976–77 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1976-77 was the 96th staging of the world's oldest football knockout competition, The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup. The final saw Manchester United beat Liverpool 2–1.
First round proper.
The first round of games were played on 20 November 1976. Replays were played mainly on 22-24, with some on 29 November, and 2 and 6 December.
Second round proper.
The second round of games were mainly played on 11 December 1976, with some taking place midweek over 14–15 January and one on 20th. Replays took place on 14th or 21st.
Third round proper.
The third round of games in the FA Cup were played on 8 January 1977. Replays were mainly played midweek over 10–12 January or the week after but one occurred on 24th instead.
Fourth round proper.
The fourth round of games were played on 29 January 1977. Four games required a replay, played midweek on 1st–2 February.
Fifth round proper.
The fifth set of games took place on 26 February 1977. One game went to a replay which was played on 8 March.
Sixth round proper.
The sixth round of FA Cup games were played on 19 March 1977. There were no replays.

</doc>
<doc id="18711849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711849" title="Richard Cook">
Richard Cook

Richard Cook or Richard Cooke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18711859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711859" title="Nerf war">
Nerf war

A Nerf war is a competitive sport or activity involving Nerf Blasters or other foam-firing toy weapons. The term covers a wide range of games and gatherings, from informal shootouts in offices and basements to well-organized outdoor battles with high-powered modified blasters. Since foam-firing guns are relatively safe and cheap, Nerf wars can include participants and battlefields otherwise unsuitable for airsoft and paintball.
How-to.
Nerf wars can take place anywhere. Any area with a good balance of open space and cover can be a candidate. Basements, offices, and backyards are common locations for informal games. For larger wars with more participants, bigger venues like gymnasiums, public parks, forests, ravines, and schools make good playing areas. The inside of a large hall such as a church may be turned into a battlefield by turning tables onto their sides. When planning a Nerf war in a public area, the organizer typically reserves the space and watches out for non-participants to reduce any liability. The ability to play in free locations is an important element of a Nerf war's accessibility.
Organization.
Informal wars are usually "ad hoc" games played in an office or backyard. These are usually all-out free-for-alls that break out spontaneously and last until the supply of darts has run out. Informal wars in a workplace are a cheap and exciting relief from daily tedium, and an interesting method to build camaraderie.
Organized wars are usually more intense, larger in scale, and well-publicized. Typically planned in advance by a group of friends, a Nerf club, or the Nerf Internet Community, these battles are held in large public areas, attract Nerf hobbyists, and usually have standardized rules. Because the games are more competitive and the battlefield larger, blasters are usually modified for increased range.
Internet Community NERF Wars.
Many wars across the United States are organized and promoted through the forums of enthusiast sites like OzNerf, NerfRevolution, Nerfhaven, NerfHQ, Foam Universe, and Heart of Nerf. The members of these forums are collectively known as the Nerf Internet Community, or NIC. 
The NIC holds large annual wars on both the East Coast and West Coast of the United States and certain locations even have bi-annual or monthly wars. All around Australia there are wars as well, and a yearly event called Reign Of Foam. Some colleges and youth groups have active clubs and associations that host Nerf Wars regularly.
Rules of participation are set by the war's hosts to create a safer and more balanced game. Over time, the NIC has centered on a widely accepted set of standard rules, regulations, and game types.

</doc>
<doc id="18711868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711868" title="Waited Too Long/Play It Loud">
Waited Too Long/Play It Loud

"Waited Too Long" / "Play It Loud" is a single by heavy metal band Diamond Head and released in 1981 by DHM Records. It was a double A-side with "Waited Too long" and "Play It Loud". Both tracks eventually ended up on the re-released version of Diamond Head's 1980 debut "Lightning to the Nations" in 2001 by Sanctuary Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18711901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711901" title="Guobiao standards">
Guobiao standards

GB standards are the Chinese national standards issued by the Standardization Administration of China (SAC), the Chinese National Committee of the ISO and IEC. "GB" stands for "Guobiao" (), Chinese for "national standard".
Mandatory standards are prefixed "GB". Recommended standards are prefixed "GB/T" (T from Chinese language 推荐 "tuījiàn", "recommended"). A standard number follows "GB" or "GB/T".
GB standards are the basis for the product testing which products must undergo during the China Compulsory Certificate (CCC) certification. If there is no corresponding GB Standard, CCC is not required.
A non-exhaustive list of National Standards of the People's Republic of China is listed as follows, accompanied with similar international standards of ISO, marked as identical (IDT), equivalent (EQV), or non-equivalent (NEQ).

</doc>
<doc id="18711903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711903" title="Adverse event prediction">
Adverse event prediction

Adverse event (or Adverse effect) prediction is the process of identifying potential adverse events of an investigational drug before they actually occur in a clinical trial.
Predicting adverse events accurately represents a significant challenge to both the pharmaceutical industry and academia, the reason being that our existing knowledge of biology, disease mechanisms (i.e. how a disease affects the healthy state of a human) and drug design is incomplete and sometimes incorrect. On top of that, the biological complexity and differences between living organisms is such that even if a treatment appears to work in the laboratory it may not work in humans.
The occurrence of an adverse event during a clinical trial is a significant event, not only because of the risk to humans but also from a financial point of view for the organization (usually a pharmaceutical company) sponsoring the development of the drug in question. As a result a lot of effort is continuously invested in this area and there are a number of approaches to predicting adverse events including cell line assays, animal models and computer based in silico models.
In silico models are usually developed by extracting interactions and behaviors of biological systems either from the literature or from experimental data on a specific disease or biological system and integrating this information in some kind of a mathematical model that can be used to understand and predict the behavior of a drug in an organism. Another relatively recent method is based on mining the scientific literature and correlating evidence from seemingly unrelated drugs or medical conditions. If done correctly this type of analysis can offer quite good predictive accuracy and significant lead times which translates to lower cost and development times for new drugs.
While in silico methods aim to capture in depth the current knowledge of a biological system or a disease mechanism, they are still subject to the accuracy of that knowledge and may miss information that while seemingly unrelated, could a multiply interconnected complex biological system prove highly relevant. This gap is addressed by the literature-based discovery approach which does not capture details to the same extent but compensates by offering complete coverage of the available knowledge from all potentially related fields.

</doc>
<doc id="18711904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711904" title="Ikembe">
Ikembe

Ikembe, Chisanji, Kisanji and Eleke all refer to a type of lamellaphone common amongst the Bahutu of Rwanda, Burundi and the Congo.
In Swahili the word imba means song. Kuimba means to sing, as in the phrase "nitakwenda kuimba" (I go to sing). Mama means mother. Swahili, as is true of many languages, uses a type of binomial nomenclature to create new words to describe unfamiliar or new objects, occurrences and or people, based on existing words and or concepts. By combining part of the word for mother = ma with the word for song = imba using r as a connector we come up with the word marimba = mother of song. According to Credo Mutwa Vusamazulu this identifies the ancient queen of the Wakamba to the tee. We can then extrapolate from the research of A.M. Jones, quoted by Osborne that ka = small combined with the word imba = song should mean little mother of song. Another example of this is the use of the suffix -ita in Spanish as a diminutive. Thus, marimba becomes marimbita, or little marimba, which according to Credo Mutwa is exactly what a karimba is in the minds of a large number of peoples in Africa and the Americas.
Osborne cites examples of various names for these mbira from all over the continent, which have the Swahili word for song as their root. Admittedly, Swahili, like English, is not a virgin language, but rather a combination of a variety of languages making it useful for trading purposes. However, at the root it's still based on the Bantu languages of the peoples of Central and East Africa, which again is why it is so useful as a language of trade. A cursory examination of the root of these words gives us these common variations: imba, imbe and embe.
From the three variants listed above we get the following variations: marimba (Tanzania and Mozambique), malimbe (Nyamwezi of Tanzania), likimbe, likembe (Amba of Uganda and the Tabura of the Congo Basin|Congo), (lulimba Yao of Malawi, Tanzania and Mozambique), lukembe (Alur and Acholi of Uganda), irimba and kajimba (Makonde of Tanzania and Mozambique), itshilimba (Bemba of Zambia), karimba (Zimbabwe), kalimba and ikembe Bahutu of Rwanda and Burundi. There are many other names for these instruments, but the predominance of names with this root is undeniable. The spelling is not as important as the sound that is made in vocalizing the names.[http://www.arcmusic.org/begin.html]
In general the further we get from Central and East Africa the more varied the nomenclature, until the most common form of the name appears to have Francophone roots or influence. Hence, we get balafon and Gyil for xylophones and prempensua, kongomagongoma [http://www.alpharhythmroots.com/Gongoma.html, agidigboand ubo-aka[http://books.google.com/books?id=rHk3zRpjD68C&pg=PA14&lpg=PA14&dq=ubo-aka+instrument&source=web&ots=jZur44KQe6&sig=TpCIUig4F0n2lwsIVJWL8CiqUZk&hl=en&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=7&ct=result#PPA14,M1 for mbira type instruments all over West Africa.
If an instrument is used for a particular dance or group of songs the instruments will take on the name of this dance or musical genre. Hence, we have ashiko, samba, kpanlogo, rada, petwo, gumbe and conga drums, each with their own particular dances, rhythms and songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18711912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711912" title="Manuel Galbán">
Manuel Galbán

Manuel Galbán (January 14, 1931 – July 7, 2011) was a Grammy-winning Cuban guitarist, pianist and arranger, most notable for his work with Los Zafiros, Ry Cooder and the Buena Vista Social Club. One of two surviving members of Los Zafiros, he died on July 7, 2011 of cardiac arrest at his home in Havana, Cuba.
Biography.
Manuel Galbán was born on January 14, 1931 and grew up in the small fishing town of Gibara in the Holguín Province of western Cuba. After playing guitar and tres in various local youth groups, he got his first professional gig at the age of 14 playing guitar with the Orchestra Villa Blanca. In 1956 he moved to Havana, where he spent seven years playing in bars and clubs and making frequent appearances on radio.
In 1963 he joined the legendary vocal group Los Zafiros, after a mutual friend had recommended him to them. His playing proved to be a such hit with Los Zafiros that he was told by singer Miguel Cancio "Galbán, from now on you're working with us; you're exactly what we're looking for". Galbán was such an essential ingredient to the sound of Los Zafiros that the distinguished Cuban pianist Peruchin once said "to replace Galbán you would need two guitarists". He left the group in 1972 after working hard for years to allay the personal problems that plagued its various members.
Thereafter he spent three years with Cuba's national musical ensemble, Dirección Nacional de Música, and then a further 23 years with the Grupo Batey as a guitarist, vocalist and pianist, touring extensively across four continents.
In 1998 he joined the traditional Cuban group Vieja Trova Santiaguera with whom he toured and released two highly acclaimed albums. He also he appeared in the Wim Wenders film "Buena Vista Social Club", filmed with Ry Cooder during the sessions for the debut solo album by Ibrahim Ferrer. Later he recorded with Ferrer and Buena Vista Social Club bassist Cachaíto Lopez, leading to his present engagement as the featured guitarist with the touring ensemble named after the film.
In 2001 he recorded "Mambo Sinuendo" with Ry Cooder which won the 2003 Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental Album. Says Cooder of the making of the album "Galbán and I felt that there was a sound that had not been explored, a Cuban electric-guitar band that could re-interpret the atmosphere of the 1950s with beauty, agility, and simplicity. We decided on two electrics, two drum sets, congas and bass: a sexteto that could swing like a big band and penetrate the mysteries of the classic tunes. This music is powerful, lyrical, and funny; what more could you ask?"
Style and equipment.
Galbán's distinctive electric guitar sound makes liberal use of reverb, tremolo, diminished arpeggio runs and palm mutes. Using a Fender Telecaster with heavy gauge strings, he references the tone of Duane Eddy and the early surf guitarists whilst playing the melodic runs and chordal patterns associated with traditional Cuban music. 
He has been pictured using Fender Twin, Roland JC120 and Fender Bassman amps, as well as a Dunlop TS-1 stereo tremolo pedal.

</doc>
<doc id="18711929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711929" title="Takiyasha the Witch and the Skeleton Spectre">
Takiyasha the Witch and the Skeleton Spectre

Takiyasha the Witch and the Skeleton Spectre is a woodblock print by the Japanese artist Utagawa Kuniyoshi (1798-1861), who was especially renowned for his depictions of historical and mythical scenes. This print combines these in portraying the tenth-century princess Takiyasha summoning a skeleton spectre to frighten Ōya no Mitsukuni.
In this image, the Princess recites a spell written on a handscroll, summoning a giant skeleton. It rears out of a black void, crashing its way through the tattered palace blinds with its bony fingers to menace Mitsukuni and his companion. The historical Princess Takiyasha was the daughter of the provincial warlord Taira no Masakado who tried to set up an "Eastern Court" in Shimōsa Province in competition with the emperor in Heian-kyō (modern Kyoto). Masakado's rebellion was put down in the year 939 and he was killed. After his death, Princess Takiyasha continued living in the ruined palace of Sōma. This print shows a mythical episode in which the emperor's official, Mitsukuni, comes to search for surviving conspirators.

</doc>
<doc id="18711946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711946" title="Herforder SV Borussia Friedenstal">
Herforder SV Borussia Friedenstal

HSV Borussia Friedenstal, or Herforder SV, is a German sports club based in Friedenstal, a suburb of Herford, North Rhine-Westphalia. The club was founded in 1953 and the women's team was established in 1969. Friedenstal greatest success was the qualification for the Bundesliga in 2008–09. After being relegated in its first Bundesliga season, the club again got promoted to the Bundesliga in 2009-10.
History.
Borussia Friedenstal was founded in 1953. After a friendly game in 1969 the women's department was established under the lead of Fritz Böke and Doris Henschel. Four years later Friedenstal began participating in official games. 1975 Friedenstal achieved promotion to the Bezirksliga and three years later another promotion brought the club to Germany's top tier football league, the Landesliga. In 1980 Borussia lost in the final of the Westfalencup only on penalties to TSV Siegen, a club to become one of Germany's most successful women's teams. Friedenstal also qualified for the Verbandsliga at its inception in 1981 and for the Regionalliga at its inception in 1985.
After withdrawing their team from the Regionalliga Friedenstal got promoted to the Regionalliga again in 1993. An intermezzo in the Verbandsliga in 1995–96 ended without a loss and yet another promotion to the Regionalliga for Friedenstal. The club won the Westfalenpokal in 2000 and 2001, thereby qualifying for the DFB Pokal and on both occasions reaching the round of 16 in the cup.
At the inception of the 2. Bundesliga in 2004 Friedenstal failed to qualify, but managed promotion as champion of the Regionalliga West in 2006. After just two years in the 2. Bundesliga the club's greatest success came in form of the promotion to Germany's premier football league, the Bundesliga where Friedenstal faced immediate relegation, though. In 2009–10 Friedenstal won 2. Bundesliga again, this time without a loss and setting a new record and plays in the 1. Bundesliga again in 2010-11.
Current squad.
"As of 14 June 2012, according to official website."<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18711976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711976" title="George W. Forrest">
George W. Forrest

George W. Forrest (born 1839) was a farmer and political figure. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1894 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in River Herbert, Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, of Irish descent, and was educated in Amherst. Forrest served as a captain in the militia and as a member of the Municipal Council. He was a valuator for the Intercolonial Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18711982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711982" title="Nizhnekamsk Reservoir">
Nizhnekamsk Reservoir

Lower Kama Reservoir or Nizhnekamsk Reservoir (, ) is the lowest reservoir from the Kama River hydroelectric cascade. It is situated in Tatarstan, Udmurtia, Bashkortostan and Perm Krai, Russian Federation. The reservoir was filled in 1978-81 up to 62 m above sea level after the construction of dam of the Lower Kama Hydroelectric Station. The water level in reservoir depends on the upper reservoirs regime (Kama Reservoir and Votkinsk Reservoir). The Lower Kama Reservoir has a surface area of 1,084 km² and a volume of 2.8 billion cubic meters. Its length along Kama is 185 km and 157 km along Belaya. The reservoir also used for water supply, irrigation and fishing.
The planned level of the reservoir is 68 m above sea level. Tatarstan government announced plans to reach the full planned power of the electric station. However, ecological movement inside of Tatarstan opposes these plans, as the reservoir will flood Kulyagash wetland and other lands in that case.

</doc>
<doc id="18711983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711983" title="United States Air Force Academy, Cadet Area">
United States Air Force Academy, Cadet Area

The United States Air Force Academy, Cadet Area is a portion of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. It is notable for its use of modern architecture as compared to the very traditional design of West Point and the United States Naval Academy. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2004
The buildings in the Cadet Area were designed in a distinct, modernist style, and make extensive use of aluminum on building exteriors, suggesting the outer skin of aircraft or spacecraft.
The Terrazzo.
The main buildings in the Cadet Area are set around a large, square pavilion known as The Terrazzo. The name comes from the fact that the walkways are made of terrazzo tiles, set among a checkerboard of marble strips. The east quarter of the Terrazzo, known as the "Air Gardens," is a space with an ordered geometry of lighted pools, lowered grass sections and maze-like walkways. The Terrazzo area was designed by landscape architect Dan Kiley. The center of the Cadet Area was originally a wooded, sloping hill that extended from the middle of the Terrazzo south to the valley below, creating a blend of natural and man-made environments. With the building of Sijan Hall on the south side of the Terrazzo in 1968, the Terrazzo area was effectively enclosed into a large quadrangle, and this natural part of the landscape was eliminated. Only the top of the hill, now known as "Spirit Hill", remains in the central grassy area of the Terrazzo.
Cadet Chapel.
The most recognizable building in the Cadet Area is the 17-spired Cadet Chapel. The subject of controversy when it was first built, it is now considered among the most beautiful examples of modern American academic architecture. The structure consists of 100 identical aluminum tetrahedrons, with colored glass in the spaces between the tetrahedrons. The chapel reaches a height of 150 feet, with an overall length of 280 feet and a width of 84 feet. Architect Walter Netsch said he was inspired in his design by the Sainte-Chapelle cathedral in Paris, the Cathedral of Chartres and the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi in Italy. The Cadet Chapel is built on two levels. The upstairs portion houses a 1,300-seat multi-denomination Protestant chapel; downstairs are a 500-seat Catholic chapel, a 100-seat Jewish chapel and interfaith rooms used for services of other religions.
Dormitories.
Cadets live in two dormitories, Vandenberg Hall and Sijan Hall. Vandenberg Hall, named after Air Force Chief of Staff General Hoyt S. Vandenberg, was the original cadet dormitory. Sijan Hall was built on the south side of the Cadet Area in 1968, in order to accommodate the expansion of the Cadet Wing to a strength of 4,417 cadets. Known simply as the "New Dorm" until its dedication on May 31, 1976, it was named after Captain Lance Sijan '65, the first USAFA graduate to be awarded the Medal of Honor.
Academic buildings.
Several buildings in the Cadet Area are used for academics. Fairchild Hall, named after General Muir S. Fairchild, the first commander of Air University and later Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force, is the main academic building. Fairchild Hall houses academic classrooms, laboratories, research facilities, faculty offices and the Robert F. McDermott Library. 
The Aeronautics Research Center (also known as the "Aero Lab") is just south of Fairchild Hall and contains numerous aeronautical research facilities, including transonic, subsonic, low speed and cascade wind tunnels, engine and rocket test cells and simulators. 
The Consolidated Education and Training Facility (CETF) was built in 1997 as an annex to Fairchild Hall. It contains chemistry and biology classrooms and labs, medical and dental clinics and civil engineering and astronautics laboratories. The Cadet Area also contains an observatory and a planetarium for academic use.
Dining and entertainment facilities.
Mitchell Hall, named after air power pioneer Brigadier General William "Billy" Mitchell, is the cadet dining facility, which has the ability to feed the entire Cadet Wing at one time. 
The cadet social center is Arnold Hall, named after General of the Air Force Henry H. "Hap" Arnold, commanding general of the United States Army Air Forces during World War II. Arnold Hall is located just outside the Cadet Area and houses a 3,000-seat theater, a ballroom and a number of lounge and recreation facilities for cadets and visitors.
Administration building.
Harmon Hall is the primary administration building, which houses the offices of the Superintendent and the Superintendent's staff. It is named after Lieutenant General Hubert R. Harmon, the first Superintendent of the Academy.
Sports facilities.
The Cadet Area also contains extensive facilities for use by cadets participating in intercollegiate athletics, intramural athletics, physical education classes and other physical training. Set amid numerous outdoor athletic fields, the Cadet Gymnasium contains basketball gyms, indoor tennis courts, an Olympic-size swimming and diving pool, a water polo pool, numerous squash and racquetball courts, two weight-training rooms with state-of-the-art equipment and specialized facilities for volleyball, fencing, gymnastics and boxing. The gymnasium also houses a human performance laboratory complete with hydrostatic weighing equipment, sports psychology and vision testing capabilities and aerobic testing equipment. 
The Cadet Fieldhouse contains the 6,000-seat Clune Arena (named after long-time USAFA Director of Athletics Colonel John J. Clune ), a 2,600-seat ice hockey rink and an indoor track that doubles as a practice facility for a number of sports throughout the year. "

</doc>
<doc id="18712002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712002" title="Pinoy Fear Factor">
Pinoy Fear Factor

Pinoy Fear Factor is a franchise reality show on ABS-CBN that started airing on November 10, 2008. It ran for 15 weeks, ending on February 20, 2009. The show is based on the Dutch reality game show "Now or Neverland" and is produced by Endemol. It is hosted by Filipino actor-host Ryan Agoncillo. The Philippines is the 30th country to use Buenos Aires, Argentina as the location of the series. Other Fear Factor hubs are located in South Africa and Serbia.
Though the Philippine producers have plans to make the Philippines the next Fear Factor hub in the world, they still decided to shoot the first series in Buenos Aires, Argentina where stunts experts and resources are readily available.
The first series was won by Jommy Teotico who took home P2 Million (around US$50,000), a house and lot, and was given the title of ""El Ultimo Participante"" (The Ultimate Participant). It uses the tagline "Ang buhay sa likod ng katapangan" or "Life behind bravery." The theme song of the show, which is entitled "Tagumpay" (Triumph), is performed by Chivas Malunda (a contestant of "Pinoy Dream Academy" season 2).
Sister channel Studio 23 airs a condensed one-hour Saturday edition, covering the episodes shown within the week.
From December 22 to 26 and December 29 to 31, 2008, a special set of year-end episodes, known as "Pinoy Fear Factor: With A Twist", was aired. The episodes, narrated by ABS-CBN's comedic news reporter Marc Logan, showed a recap of scenes from the six previous rounds, as well as new interviews from the Participantes and never-before-seen clips within and outside of the competition.
Format.
The Philippine version of the show uses a format similar to "Fear Factor Extreme" (FFX) instead of the original "three-stunt, one winner per episode" format used in the American version. The Philippines is the 3rd country to adapt the same format after South Africa and India. 
"Pinoy Fear Factor" consists of multiple sets of stunts and a set number of contestants over a period of weeks. The contestants, known as Participantes, will live together in El Campo Miedo during the duration of the competition. Every Participante will face the Ronda de Eliminación to determine who will stay and who will be sent back to the Philippines. Each Ronda de Eliminación has three stunts. In the first stunt, designed to physically test the contestants, one or more Participantes who have the best performance will be exempted on the next stunt, thus, avoiding the elimination. In the second stunt, the remaining Participantes will compete and those who will give the worst performances will be chosen for the third and final stunt. In the third stunt, involving stunts similar to those in action films, the worst performer from the remaining Participantes in competition will be eliminated and will be sent back to the Philippines. 
The Rondas de Eliminación will be repeated until only one Participante remains. He or she will then emerge as the winner of the series and will take home the grand prize.
There is also a series of stunts known as Rondas Sin de Eliminación where the best performers of the first stunt in the Rondas de Eliminación will compete for special prizes.
It is noticeable that each round is held in two days. The first stunt occurs in the first day in location while the second and third stunts are performed in the second day at a different location. This is why the punishment is only given out after the first stunt.
Terms.
Since the show takes place in a Spanish-speaking country, many terms and stunt names are in Spanish, an official language of the Philippines from the 19th to the late 20th centuries. It is noted, however, that some Spanish titles that appear on the show are either grammatically incorrect ("Rondas Sin de Eliminación" instead of "Rondas sin Eliminaciónes"), wrongly used (the article "una" used to mean "first" rather than "primera"), or even misspelled ("tersera" instead of "tercera").
Contestants.
The contestants, known in the show as "Participantes" consisted of celebrities, as well as people with unique occupations. Note that the ages displayed were taken during the show's taping on 2008.
Stunts and challenges summary.
"Unless indicated otherwise, all times are in ss and mm:ss format. Also, since the stunts are also being performed in many Fear Factor franchises, the rules are explained below in the present tense."
Una Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 1).
While none of the Participantes completed the entire stunt, Phem's performance was rated the best, picking up two flaglets before falling into the water. Jose also picked up two flaglets, but his second one was not counted as he retrieved it out of order. Gail and RJ were not able to get any flaglets, with RJ's performance deemed the worst by clocking in only 22 seconds, forcing him to go back to camp on foot. With Phem the only one exempted, the eleven delved into the second stunt with Janna besting the other Participantes by transferring ten crablets in 23 seconds. Gail, Marion, and Elmer meanwhile each transferred the five cows' eyes and registered the worst times, putting them in the third stunt. Marion and Elmer finished their third stunt, but Gail wasn't able to release the doll before surfacing, which made her eliminated.
Segunda Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 2).
Marion and Manuel both completed the stunt with very impressive times of 50 and 47 seconds respectively, exempting them from the next two stunts. Among the women, only LJ was able to complete the stunt. Phem was also exempted from the rest of the round, having traversed four ropes in a minute and a half, the most among the remaining women. Janna had roughly the same time as Phem, but just for hanging on one rope. Jommy was deemed the worst ever performer among the men, clocking in at 1:22 after straddling four ropes. Because of this, Jommy danced in front of his fellow Participantes almost in the nude, while Janna "hosted" Jommy's show. In the second stunt, Janna and Savannah each finished half a brain at 4:14 and 1:09 respectively. Among the men, RJ ate half a brain and three eyeballs in two minutes, putting him between the girls and making them the top three performers. The rest of the men thus competed in the third stunt. Ram clocked in the worst time at only 30 seconds, making him the second person bound for home.
Tersera Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 3).
Manuel performed the first stunt in just 44 seconds, not only setting the best time for the stunt, but also broke the world Slippery Car record; the previous record was three minutes and seven seconds, held by a contestant of "A Rettegés Foka", the Hungarian version of the franchise. Elmer had the best time among the men behind Manuel at one minute and twelve seconds, while LJ and Janna clocked the best times among the women at 3:40 and 3:55 respectively. Savannah did not finish the stunt, and therefore had Jose douse her with cold water back at camp. In the second stunt, Jose was bitten by snakes twice, causing him to freeze in shock. While he had the will to continue the stunt, the pain proved unbearable and he had to retire so he could be treated by doctors. Phem also had to pass on the stunt after being freaked out by the snakes. Their premature ends to the second stunt guaranteed them participation in the third stunt. They were joined by Jommy, who gathered only seven yellow rings, while both RJ and Marion retrieved eight. Although Savannah got only two rings, five less than Jommy, Phem quitting the stunt automatically exempted Savannah from the third stunt. In the third stunt, Jommy was able through break through one pane of glass, while Jose, despite the pain from the snake bites from earlier, pedalled through all five panes. Due to Phem's lack of experience on a bicycle, she was not able to break any panes, thus her elimination.
Cuarta Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 4).
In the first stunt, Manuel was the only one exempted from the rest of the round, performing the stunt at a fast time of 1:50. During the second stunt, Elmer swallowed a cockroach, while the others were bitten by cockroaches on the face. In the end, Jose and Jommy were slated to compete in the final stunt for the third straight round, gathering 295 and 305 roaches respectively, while RJ, Elmer, and Marion had 543, 428, and 345 roaches to their credit respectively. Joining them in the final stunt was LJ, the worst among the women with 318 (Janna got 327 and Savannah at 325). In the third stunt, LJ and Jommy went closest to the center of the logo at 105 cm and 150 cm from the logo respectively. Jose, on the other hand, stopped over four meters from the logo, thus becoming the fourth person to head for the Philippines.
Quinta Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 5).
In the first stunt, RJ and Jommy clung to the net the highest, thus exempting them from the next two stunts. Among the women, LJ had the worst performance, holding on a square from the 4th line from the top of the net, thus exempting Savannah and Janna from further competition. In the second stunt, while both Manuel and Marion gathered all 20 apples, one of the apples picked up by Manuel was discounted because it fell to the ground rather than the container. Marion thus became the one exempted from competing in the third stunt. In the third stunt, Manuel was the only one to complete the stunt, and while both Elmer and LJ quit, she stayed longer underwater. Elmer became the fifth person to go home because of this.
Ronda Sin Eliminación 1 (Non-elimination Round 1).
Only RJ was the only one not to complete the first stunt among the men; Jommy, Manuel, and Marion completed it in at 26, 27, and 42 seconds respectively. While none of the women were actually able to complete the stunt, Savannah was ranked the worst because she didn't reach 90 cm of the beam, the point where both Janna and LJ reached in 48 and 40 seconds respectively before dropping into the water. Ryan then belatedly informed the Participantes that the round was a non-elimination round and RJ and Savannah were therefore exempted from the next two stunts. Before the beginning of the second stunt, Manuel answered allegations of unfair trash-talking off-camera and other accusations made by Jose and Elmer against him, which he mostly denied. In the second stunt, Janna completed it three seconds faster than LJ (Janna's time was 1:25 while LJ's was 1:28). Among the men, Manuel again proved his speed by clocking in at 1:10. Marion then registered a time six seconds less than that of Jommy (Jommy's time was 1:51 while Marion's was 1:45). Jommy and LJ thus became mere spectators of the third stunt, where it was a dead heat between Marion and Manuel. Marion swam faster than Manuel, even though he was not used to deep water; Marion was slowed down, however, by exhaustion while trying to climb up the barge. Thus, Manuel won the P50,000 with a time of 1:17 against Marion's time of 1:23; Janna was a virtual also-ran at a time of 2:29.
Sexta Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 6).
In the first stunt which was plagued by a local weather disturbance known as "La Tormenta de Sta. Rosa," while both Manuel and Marion retrieved all six flaglets before falling from the fifth pole, Marion's performance was deemed the best, with a faster time of 43 seconds against Manuel's 1:23. Savannah, who was not able to completely climb the first pole, was given the automatic spot in the third stunt. In the second stunt, RJ clocked the fastest time, eating two skinned rats in 1:28. Joining him was Jommy, who ate 10 scorpions in 2:21. Manuel, LJ, and Janna joined Savannah for the third stunt; Janna consumed 20 maggots in 4:14, LJ ate 20 cockroaches in 3:22, and Manuel feasted on a "Fear Factor Special" of a skinned rat, two scorpions, five cockroaches, five maggots, and several earthworms for 3:18. In the third stunt, Manuel and Janna posted times of 1:18 and 39 seconds, respectively, preventing outright elimination. But the topic of LJ performing the stunt without a noseclip was brought up. Argentine staff claimed that they offered her a noseclip, but she refused; however, tapes from earlier showed the offer was not done. LJ wanted to redo the stunt, and Savannah agreed. LJ was then told to redo the stunt, this time with the noseclip; if she would beat Savannah's original time, Savannah would redo "her" stunt. But LJ's performance did not improve even with the noseclip; her times were 12 seconds without the noseclip and 11 seconds with it. Savannah's time of 19 seconds sent LJ back to the Philippines.
Ronda Sin Eliminación 2 (Non-elimination Round 2).
While belatedly announced, this was indicated as the last non-elimination round.
During the first stunt, only Manuel and Jommy accomplished the stunt; Manuel did his in 26 seconds, while Jommy finished it in 34 seconds, both even faster than the previous world Fear Factor record of 36 seconds by a contestant of "Frente al Miedo", the Colombian version of the franchise. Among the men, the two were joined by RJ in advancing to the second stunt. RJ reached the third yellow line on the net in 17 seconds; Marion fell straight into the water upon beginning the stunt. Among the women, Janna advanced to the second stunt despite experiencing injury after her right foot got caught in the net traversing the fourth yellow line and had to be rescued and rushed to the hospital; Savannah was able to reach the third yellow line slower than RJ did before falling and was therefore out in the running for the rest of the round. In the second stunt, Manuel and Jommy become automatic qualifiers for the third stunt; Manuel's time was 4:30 while Jommy's was 4:05. In the third stunt, Jommy drove so fast that by the time the car re-entered the truck, it jumped and piled itself over one of the reserve cars inside, injuring eight of the Argentine crew who were in the truck. Despite this, he not only won over Manuel by 24 seconds (29 seconds for Jommy, 53 seconds for Manuel), he also broke another world Fear Factor record; the previous one was 30 seconds by another contestant of "Frente al Miedo". Jommy therefore won the second and the last P50,000.
Séptima Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 7).
In the first stunt, only Marion and Jommy were exempted from further competing in the round, finishing the stunt at 19 and 20 seconds respectively. Manuel and Savannah clocked in identical times of 26 seconds each, but Savannah was penalized with five additional seconds for holding the lock and keys before the pilot light's signal was given. Janna had a time of 42 seconds, while RJ was the only one not to finish the stunt, quitting after 24 seconds in the coffin. In the second stunt, Manuel was the only one who had snakes around his head and rats at this feet while the others had rats around their heads and snakes at their feet; all were tasked to transfer 15 frogs. Due to her fear of rats, Savannah was able to transfer 12 frogs in three minutes (she actually collected 13, but one landed outside the fish tank). RJ was able to transfer 15 frogs in 39 seconds, but one landed out of the fish tank and another ended up in another compartment of the box, thus putting the official count at 13. Both Manuel and Janna were able to completely transfer 15 frogs, but Janna did it two seconds faster than Manuel (Janna's time was 1:45 while Manuel's was 1:47), thus saving her from further competition. Leading to the third stunt, a test explosion related to it attracted the attention of local police, and per their instructions, all production was suspended to the next day in another location. In the third stunt itself, Manuel was the only one who completed the stunt, finishing it in 1:28. Because RJ and Savannah set off explosions, distance became the assessing factor. Savannah looped 2.97m of the wire, while RJ crossed only 2.6m, making him the seventh person to fly home.
Octava Ronda de Eliminación (Elimination Round 8).
In the first stunt, Manuel held on the tow rope the longest at 1:01, to the point that the horse tired out first before the line slipped off his hands, thus saving him from certain elimination. Jommy and Marion stayed on the tow line for 54 and 39 seconds respectively. The women did not fare well in the stunt; Janna's time was just five seconds while Savannah's was only three seconds. In the second stunt, Savannah retrieved one strawberry, Marion got six, and Jommy and Janna had eight. With only three spots for the third stunt, Manuel, who was present to observe his potential final adversaries, was made to choose which from Jommy and Janna he should take to the final round and which one should compete in the third stunt. Manuel chose Jommy to compete in the third stunt, based on his assessment that Janna caught more strawberries that didn't reach the box, thus discounting them. In the final stunt, Jommy was the only one able to last the entire ten minutes, pulling off 12 revolutions and thus securing a place in the final round. On the other hand, while both Marion and Savannah fell off the wall without lasting ten minutes, Marion was able to do three revolutions before falling off while Savannah slid off the wall at the onset, ending her stint in the show.
Último Ronda de Eliminación (Final Elimination Round).
The process of elimination in this round is slightly different to determine the winner of the entire show.
In the first stunt, Marion registered another world Fear Factor record for the Philippine franchise by performing the stunt in 3:53, beating the previous record of 4:09, set by a contestant of the Turkish version of "Fear Factor". Jommy clocked in a time of 4:40. Meanwhile, both Janna and Manuel had trouble while performing the stunt. Janna, who had her head buried in sand and had to be rescued needlessly by the Argentine safety crew, was able to finish the stunt in 7:43. On the other hand, Manuel had his knees trapped from the trapdoor, which added more or less four minutes to his time. Thus, he finished the stunt in 8:23, which placed him into fourth place, eliminating him ultimately in the process. In the second stunt, Janna clocked the fastest time at 2:56. Facing against Janna in the final stunt was Jommy, whose time of three minutes was better than Marion's 3:32. In the final stunt, dubbed as "El Último Duelo" (The Final Duel), Jommy landed the car farther at 22.5m compared to Janna's 17.1m. He was therefore deemed "El Último Participante."

</doc>
<doc id="18712006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712006" title="Karabash Reservoir">
Karabash Reservoir

Karabash Reservoir (, ) is a reservoir of the upper Zay River near Karabash, Tatarstan, Russian Federation. It was filled in 1957 for the local oil and other industry needs. It has surface area 7.31 km², a length 8.7 km, mean depth 7.2 m and a volume 52.3 million cubic meters.

</doc>
<doc id="18712009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712009" title="Giuseppe Albanese">
Giuseppe Albanese

Giuseppe Albanese (born May 11, 1979) is an Italian pianist.
Early years.
Giuseppe began studying the piano at the age of five and graduated in 1996 at Conservatory "G. Rossini " in Pesaro under the guidance of Annamaria Cristina Raffa. 
He then attended the Imola International Piano Academy under the supervision of Franco Scala and Piero Rattalino, achieving the master title (the highest certificate released by this institution) in 2003.
In the same year he completed his traditional studies graduating in Philosophy at University of Messina with a thesis on Franz Liszt aesthetics in "Années de pèlerinage". Since 2005 he is a teacher of “methodology of music communication” in the same university.
Collaborations.
Giuseppe makes regular recital tours in Europe and America. He has performed in the most important Italian theaters (such as San Carlo in Naples, La Fenice in Venice, Comunale in Bologna, Carlo Felice in Genes, Petruzzelli in Bari, Auditorium Parco della Musica and Teatro dell'Opera in Rome, Auditorium “Verdi” and Teatro Dal Verme in Milan, Lingotto in Turin, Valli in Reggio Emilia, Auditorium Nicolò Paganini in Parma; Alighieri in Ravenna, Olimpico in Vicenza, Politeama in Palermo) and abroad (New York, Berlin, Essen, Salisburg, Paris, London, Warsaw, Lisbon, Cairo, Sao Paulo, Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Santiago).
He has also performed with major leading orchestras under conductors as Pavel Belaff, James Conlon, Will Humburg, Dmitri Jurowski, Alain Lombard, Othmar Maga, Anton Nanut, Tomas Netopil, George Pehlivanian, Jurai Valchua, Jonathan Webb.

</doc>
<doc id="18712021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712021" title="R24">
R24

R24 may refer to :
R-24 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18712052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712052" title="Tribal Assembly">
Tribal Assembly

The Tribal Assembly ("comitia tributa") of the Roman Republic was the democratic assembly of Roman citizens. During the years of the Roman Republic, citizens were organized on the basis of thirty-five tribes: four tribes (the "urban tribes") encompassed citizens inside the city of Rome, while the other thirty-one tribes (the "rural tribes") encompassed citizens outside of the city of Rome. The tribes gathered into the Tribal Assembly for legislative, electoral, and judicial purposes. The majority of votes in any tribe decided how that tribe voted. Each tribe received one vote, regardless of how many electors each tribe held. Once a majority of tribes voted in the same way on a given measure, the voting ended, and the matter was decided. The president of the Tribal Assembly was usually either a "consul" (the highest ranking Roman magistrate) or a "praetor" (the second-highest ranking Roman magistrate). The Tribal Assembly elected three different magistrates: "quaestors", "curule aediles", and "consular tribunes". The Tribal Assembly also had the power to try judicial cases. However, after the reforms of the Roman Dictator Lucius Cornelius Sulla in 82 BC, the power to try cases was reassigned to special jury courts ("quaestiones perpetuae"). 
Since the Romans used a form of direct democracy, citizens, and not elected representatives, voted before each assembly. As such, the citizen-electors had no power, other than the power to cast a vote. Each assembly was presided over by a single Roman magistrate, and as such, it was the presiding magistrate who made all decisions on matters of procedure and legality. Ultimately, the presiding magistrate's power over the assembly was nearly absolute. The only check on that power came in the form of vetoes handed down by other magistrates. Any decision made by a presiding magistrate could be vetoed by a magistrate known as a "plebeian tribune". In addition, decisions made by presiding magistrates could also be vetoed by higher-ranking magistrates.
Assembly procedure.
In the Roman system of direct democracy, two primary types of assembly were used to vote on legislative, electoral, and judicial matters. The first was the Committee ("comitia", literally "going together" or "meeting place"). The Tribal Assembly was a Committee. Committees were assemblies of "all citizens", and were used for official purposes, such as for the enactment of laws. Acts of a Committee applied to all of the members of that Committee. The second type of assembly was the Council ("concilium"), which was a forum where "specific groups" of citizens met. In contrast, the Convention ("conventio", literally "coming together") was an unofficial forum for communication. Conventions were simply forums where Romans met for specific unofficial purposes, such as, for example, to hear a political speech. Private citizens who did not hold political office could only speak before a Convention, and not before a Committee or a Council. Conventions were simply meetings, and no legal or legislative decisions could be made in one. Voters always assembled first into Conventions to hear debates and conduct other business before voting, and then into Committees or Councils to actually vote.
A notice always had to be given several days before the assembly was to actually vote. For elections, at least three market-days (often more than seventeen actual days) had to pass between the announcement of the election, and the actual election. During this time period (the "trinundinum"), the candidates interacted with the electorate, and no legislation could be proposed or voted upon. In 98 BC, a law was passed (the "lex Caecilia Didia") which required a similar three market-day interval to pass between the proposal of a law and the vote on that law. During criminal trials, the assembly's presiding magistrate had to give a notice ("diem dicere") to the accused person on the first day of the investigation ("anquisitio"). At the end of each day, the magistrate had to give another notice to the accused person ("diem prodicere"), which informed him of the status of the investigation. After the investigation was complete, a three market-day interval had to elapse before a final vote could be taken with respect to conviction or acquittal. 
Only one assembly could operate at any given point in time, and any session already underway could be dissolved if a magistrate "called away" ("avocare") the electors. In addition to the presiding magistrate, several additional magistrates were often present to act as assistants. They were available to help resolve procedural disputes, and to provide a mechanism through which electors could appeal decisions of the presiding magistrate. There were also religious officials (known as augurs) either in attendance or on-call, who would be available to help interpret any signs from the Gods (omens), since the Romans believed that the Gods let their approval or disapproval with proposed actions be known. In addition, a preliminary search for omens ("auspices") was conducted by the presiding magistrate the night before any meeting. On several known occasions, presiding magistrates used the claim of unfavorable omens as an excuse to suspend a session that was not going the way they wanted. 
On the day of the vote, the electors first assembled into their Conventions for debate and campaigning. In the Conventions, the electors were not sorted into their tribes. Speeches from private citizens were only heard if the issue to be voted upon was a legislative or judicial matter, and even then, only if the citizen received permission from the presiding magistrate. If the purpose of the ultimate vote was for an election, no speeches from private citizens were heard, and instead, the candidates for office used the Convention to campaign. During the Convention, the bill to be voted upon was read to the assembly by an officer known as a "Herald". Then the order of the vote had to be determined. An urn was brought in, and lots were cast to determine the sequence by which the tribes were to vote. A Plebeian Tribune could use his veto against pending legislation up until this point, but not after. 
The electors were then told to break up the Convention ("depart to your separate groups", or "discedite, quirites"). The electors assembled behind a fenced off area and voted by placing a pebble or written ballot into an appropriate jar. The baskets ("cistae") that held the votes were watched by specific officers (the "custodes"), who then counted the ballots, and reported the results to the presiding magistrate. The majority of votes in any tribe decided how that tribe voted. If the process was not complete by nightfall, the electors were dismissed without having reached a decision, and the process had to begin again the next day.
Tribes.
The thirty-five tribes were not ethnic or kinship groups, but rather generic divisions into which Roman citizens were distributed. When the tribes were created the divisions were geographical, similar to modern U.S. Congressional districts. However, since one joined the same tribe that his father belonged to, the geographical distinctions were eventually lost. Each tribe had further subdivisions: subdivisions in the urban tribes were called "vici" and subdivisions in the rural tribes were called "pagi". While other subdivisions within tribes were possible, such as professional guilds ("colleges" or "collegia"), the tribe always remained the fundamental organizing unit.
Each tribe had its own officers, such as Treasurers ("divisores") Registers (who conducted the tribal census), and by the late republic, officers whose only task was to distribute bribes. Since Tribal membership was reaffirmed once every five years in each Census, it became possible to crudely gerrymander tribes. While land could never be taken away from a tribe, the magistrates known as "censors" had the power to allocate new lands into existing tribes as a part of the Census. Thus, Censors had the power to apportion tribes in a manner that might be advantageous to them or to their partisans.
During the early and middle republic, the Tribal Assembly met at various locations in the Roman Forum, including the "rostra", the "comitium", the Temple of Castor and Pollux, and in a location near the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus (the "area Capitolina"). By the late republic, the assembly often met right outside of the city wall on the Field of Mars ("Campus Martius"), because the size of the field allowed votes to occur more quickly. 
The presiding magistrate (either a Consul or a Praetor), always ensured that all tribes had at least five members voting, and if any tribe did not, the magistrate reassigned individuals from other tribes into the vacant tribe. The order that the thirty-five tribes voted in was selected randomly by lot. The order was not chosen at once, and after each tribe had voted, a lot was used to determine which tribe should vote next. 
The first tribe selected (the "principium") was usually the most important tribe, because it often decided the matter. It was believed that the order of the lot was chosen by the Gods, and thus, that the position held by the early voting tribes was the position of the Gods. As can (usually) be seen in U.S. Presidential primaries, the early results tended to create a bandwagon effect. Once a majority of tribes had voted the same way, voting ended.

</doc>
<doc id="18712053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712053" title="JNR Class EF64">
JNR Class EF64

The JNR Class EF64 is a class of 1,500 V DC electric locomotives operating in Japan.
History.
The class was designed to replace the ageing EF16 class locomotives used on the steeply-graded Ōu and Chūō mainlines in the early 1960s.
Two prototype locomotives, EF64 1 and 2, were delivered in 1964, built by Tōshiba and Kawasaki Sharyō respectively. The basic body design was based on that of the earlier EF62s but with the more usual Japanese Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangement. Livery from the start was all-over blue with just the lower cab ends painted cream.
Full production started in 1965, continuing to 1976 with loco EF64 79. Minor variations within the class included the discontinuation of the cab ventilation grilles above the marker lights from EF64 46 onward. Locos EF64 1 to 12 and EF64 29 to 55 were equipped with train-heating generators for passenger use, and are distinguishable by the train heating indicator lights next to the cab doors. The DT120A/DT121A bogies were virtually identical to those used on the EF70 class.
The first batch of locos, consisting of EF64 1 to 12, were assigned to the Ōu Main Line between Fukushima and Yonezawa, where their duties included assisting KiHa80 "Tsubasa" DMUs over the steep gradients.
The second batch, from EF64 13 onward, were allocated to the Chūō Main Line for use primarily on freight duties. With the conversion of the Ōu Main Line from 1,500 V DC to 20 kV AC electrification in October 1968, the first 12 locos were transferred to the Chūō Main Line.
Nowadays, with the exception of a handful of locos owned by JR East/Central/West for charter and occasional passenger haulage, the subclass is divided evenly between Shiojiri and Aichi depots (JR Freight) at either end of the Chūō Line.
EF64-1000 subclass.
The first EF64-1000, EF64 1001, appeared in 1980 for use on the Jōetsu Line, replacing ageing EF15/16 and EF58 locomotives. This subclass could almost be described as a totally new design. The body was lengthened from 17,900 mm to 18,600, and the bodysides were given an asymmetrical appearance with ventilation grilles at one end and windows at the other. PS22 scissors-type pantographs replaced the PS17 lozenge-type pantographs of the EF64-0s. The bogies were the same DT138A/DT139A type as used on EF81 locomotives. A total of 53 EF64-1000s were built by 1982, all by Kawasaki and Tōyō Electric. Locos from EF64 1033 onward were built without train-heating generators.
Apart from a handful of locos owned by JR East and based at Takasaki and Nagaoka depots for use on sleeper and charter train haulage, the subclass is largely based at Takasaki for Jōetsu Line freight duties. Locos EF64 1046 to 1050, however, are based at Okayama depot for use on Hakubi Line freight duties.
EF64 1030 and 1031, owned by JR East, both have EMU-couplers and jumper sockets, and these locos are frequently used for hauling new rolling stock from the Niitsu factory to Tōkyō via the Jōetsu Line, and also for hauling withdrawn rolling stock to Nagano.
Life-extension refurbishment.
From 1996, the EF64-0s underwent a life-extension refurbishment programme, with EF64 67 the first locomotive treated. Refurbishment was carried out at Ōmiya and Hiroshima Works, with locos initially released in the JR Freight livery of two-tone blue and light grey. Minor livery variations were implemented during the programme, and locos treated at Hiroshima were distinguished by having mustard-coloured cab gangway doors. 
From 2004 onward, the JR Freight livery was simplified by using a single shade of dark blue and light grey.
The first EF64-1000, EF64 1015, also underwent refurbishment in 2003, appearing in the then-standard JR Freight two-tone blue and light grey livery. However, following complaints from staff about the difficulties in visually distinguishing the loco from refurbished EF65s, a new livery was devised and applied to the next loco to be refurbished, EF64 1009, consisting of standard blue with broad white diagonal bands and large red "JRF" bodyside logos (see front cover photo of Bullet-In 52). The first Okayama-based EF64-1000, EF64 1047 was refurbished in July 2006 at Hiroshima Works, and this was released in a further simplified livery of all-over blue with white bodyside stripe and light grey lower cab front.
Withdrawals.
There have been no accident-related withdrawals of EF64s, but the first member of the class was withdrawn in 2003 following the introduction of the JR Freight Class EH200. As of April 2007, 24 EF64-0s had been withdrawn, and a further 9 were in storage. Okayama-based EF64-1021 has also been withdrawn, but the EF64-1000s are expected to remain in service for many years yet following life-extension refurbishment.

</doc>
<doc id="18712065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712065" title="Odds algorithm">
Odds algorithm

The odds-algorithm is a mathematical method for computing optimal
strategies for a class of problems that belong to the domain of optimal stopping problems. Their solution follows from the "odds-strategy", and the importance of the
odds-strategy lies in its optimality, as explained below. 
The odds-algorithm applies to a class of problems called "last-success"-problems. Formally, the objective in these problems is to maximize the probability of identifying in a 
sequence of sequentially observed independent events the last event satisfying a specific criterion (a "specific event"). This identification must be done at the time of observation. No revisiting of preceding observations is permitted. Usually, a specific
event is defined by the decision maker as an event that is of true interest in the view of "stopping" to take a well-defined action. Such problems are encountered in several situations.
Examples.
Two different situations exemplify the interest in maximizing the probability to stop on a last specific event.
Definitions.
Consider a sequence of n independent events. Associate with this sequence another sequence formula_1 with values 1 or 0. Here formula_2 stands for
the event that the kth observation is interesting (as defined by the decision maker), and formula_3 for non-interesting.
Let formula_4 be the probability that the kth event is interesting. Further let
formula_5 and formula_6. Note that 
formula_7 represents the odds of the kth event turning out to be interesting, 
explaining the name of the odds-algorithm.
Algorithmic procedure of the odds-algorithm.
The odds-algorithm sums up the odds in reverse order 
until this sum reaches or exceeds the value 1 for the first time. If this happens at index "s", it saves "s" and the corresponding sum 
If the sum of the odds does not reach 1, it sets "s" = 1. At the same time it computes 
The output is
Odds-strategy.
The odds-strategy is the rule to observe the events one after the other and to stop
on the first interesting event from index "s" onwards (if any), where "s" is the stopping threshold of output a).
The importance of the odds-strategy, and hence of the odds-algorithm, lies in the following odds-theorem.
Odds-theorem.
The odds-theorem states that 
Features of the odds-algorithm.
The odds-algorithm computes the optimal "strategy" and the optimal "win probability" at the same time. Also, the number of operations of the odds-algorithm is (sub)linear in n. Hence no quicker algorithm can possibly
exist for all sequences, so that the odds-algorithm is, at the same time, optimal as an algorithm.
Source.
F. T. Bruss (2000) devised the odds algorithm, and coined its name. It is also known as Bruss-algorithm (strategy). Free implementations can be found on the web.
Applications.
Applications reach from medical questions in clinical trials over sales problems, secretary problems, portfolio selection, (one-way) search strategies, trajectory problems and the parking problem to problems in on-line maintenance and others.
There exists, in the same spirit, an Odds-Theorem for continuous-time arrival processes with independent increments such as the Poisson process (Bruss (2000)). In some cases, the odds are not necessarily known in advance (as in Example 2 above) so that the application of the odds-algorithm is not directly possible. In this case each step can use sequential estimates of the odds. This is meaningful, if the number of unknown parameters is not large compared with the number n of observations. The question of optimality is then more complicated, however, and requires additional studies. Generalizations of the odds-algorithm allow for different rewards for failing to stop
and wrong stops as well as replacing independence assumptions by weaker ones (Ferguson (2008)).

</doc>
<doc id="18712104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712104" title="Tredway">
Tredway

Tredway is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18712136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712136" title="R73">
R73

R73 may refer to:
R-73 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18712137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712137" title="Jan-Åke Gustafsson">
Jan-Åke Gustafsson

Jan-Åke Gustafsson (born 1943, Sweden) is a leading Swedish scientist and professor in Biology, Biochemistry and Medical Nutrition. When he decided to move to Houston, Texas, USA, in 2008, the State of Texas decided to give a major US $ 5.5 million research grant to the University of Houston, enabling the establishment of the "Center of Nuclear Receptors and Cell Signaling" under the leadership of Jan-Åke Gustafsson. The grant was announced at a February 5, 2009, press conference by Rick Perry, Governor of Texas and running for the Republican nomination for President of the United States in the 2012 presidential election.
Recruiting top international scientists, world-leaders in their respective field, and providing them with grants to enable them to establish top scientific institutions in Texas, is part of the government of the State of Texas' vision to establish top-tier research and educational institutions in the state, institutions that will be able to rival the top institutions on the American East and West Coasts. The importance of research and scientific progress to the senior levels of the Texas government was illustrated by personal interest that governor Rick Perry took in the recruitment of professor Gustafsson and the establishment of the center. 
Jan-Åke Gustafsson holds two parallel professorships: Robert A. Welch Professor of Biology and Biochemistry (80%) at the University of Houston's Department of Biology and Biochemistry, as well as Professor of Medical Nutrition (20%) at Karolinska Institutet in Stockholm, Sweden. Gustafsson is one of Europe's leading scientists in the fields of medicine and natural science.
Jan-Åke Gustafsson has received numerous international and national scientific awards, honorary doctor- and professorships, e.g. Honorary professor of the Beijing University in Beijing, People's Republic of China; Honorary doctor of the University of Chongqing, Chongqing, PRC; Honorary Doctor of the University of Milan, Milan, Italy; the Lorenzini Foundation's Gold Medal, Lorenzini Foundation, Milan, Italy and the Nordic Fernström Prize, often referred to as the ""Little Nobel Prize"", the Fernström Foundation, Copenhagen, Denmark. 
He is one of the scientists in Sweden that receives the largest annual research and science grants, i.e. government- and private funding, for his research projects.
Gustafsson is most well known for his longstanding accomplishments in the field of nuclear receptors, including his discovery of the previously unknown estrogen receptor beta. His work at the University of Houston is focused on establishing academic and industry collaborations with the goal of finding new treatments for diseases, such as cancer, diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
Jan-Åke Gustafsson received his PhD from the Karolinska institutet in 1968, followed by an MD from the same university in 1971.
Founder of the Novum Research Park in Flemingsberg and listed company Karo Bio AB.
He is the founder of the Novum Research Park, a research park geared towards biotechnology and medicine at the Karolinska institutet, campus Huddinge He was also one of the leading proponents behind locating the Södertörn University College, southern Stockholm's new university, to Huddinge. Institutions of higher learning and research have traditionally been located to the northern parts of the Stockholm county. Establishing a leading research park and a new university in Huddinge, with special reference to Flemingsberg, is part of a broader vision of achieving a regional balance: stimulating economic growth and enabling southern Stockholm to catch up with the wealthier northern parts of the county. Since the establishment of the research park and university was initiated, several other government and private organizations have followed suit, establishing a presence in the area. In 1997, Stockholm Syd-Flemingsberg, southern Stockholm's major national- and regional-train hub was established in the area, giving excellent communications with central Stockholm. 
It was Jan-Åke Gustafsson's strong track record of establishing a leading research center with close connections to biotech companies, in addition to his outstanding scientific achievements and world-wide scientific reputation, that convinced the State of Texas government of hiring him for the establishment of a new major research center in a similar guise, at the University of Houston. 
Jan-Åke Gustafsson is the founder of Karo Bio AB, a biotechnology company listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange and based in the Novum Research Park. He is also the coordinator for the European Union-financed research network CASCADE.
Memberships.
Gustafsson is member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences since 1997 and the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences since 1998. He is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences since 2002 and Foreign Honorary Member of the United States National Academy of Sciences since 2004. He is also a member of the Nobel Assembly of the Karolinska Institutet, having served as its chairman 2002-2004. 
Jan-Åke Gustafsson is a member of the board of several leading international scientific journals, including "Steroids", "The Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology", "Molecular Endocrinology", "Breast Cancer Research and Treatment", "The Prostate", "Anticancer Research", "Japanese Journal of Cancer Research", "Journal of Molecular Medicine", "Molecular Pharmacology", "Cell Metabolism", "Experimental Biology and Medicine" and the "International Journal of Oncology"."
Scientific discoveries.
In the mid-1990s, Gustafsson's research group at the Karolinska Institutet discovered estrogen receptor-beta, which plays a pivotal role in the function of the brain, lungs, and immune system. Today, drugs are being developed to stimulate that receptor to battle a number of diseases, including breast, prostate and lung cancers. In some instances, the abnormal cell division that creates cancerous tumors can be slowed down or stopped by stimulating the receptor.
Additional discoveries include early demonstration of the three-domain structure of nuclear receptors, specific binding of nuclear receptors to DNA, discovery of steroid response element, cloning of the first nuclear receptor fragment, first determination a 3-D structure of a nuclear receptor (the DNA binding domain of the glucocorticoid receptor), discovery of the first physiological ligand of a nuclear receptor (fatty acids for the peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha), discovery of liver X receptor beta (LXRβ), discovery of estrogen receptor beta (ERβ) and unravelling of some of their functions.
Gustafsson also is credited with 12 patents, more than 1,400 peer-reviewed publications and more than 70,000 citations.

</doc>
<doc id="18712140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712140" title="Spats (radio series)">
Spats (radio series)

Spats is a British radio comedy sketch series broadcast on digital radio station BBC 7. The series is written and presented by John-Luke Roberts (credited as Luke Roberts in the first series), with additional material written by Nadia Kamil. Kamil also stars in the show, alongside Stephen Critchlow and Clare Wille. The series first started as a pilot, first broadcast on 11 December 2006.
Each episode of "Spats" looks at two sides of some kind of argument. Examples include "Religion v Atheism (and Other Religions)", "Love v Something Better" and "The Living vs The Dead". Each episode then presents a series of sketches, consisting of what Roberts himself describes as "perfectly adequate sketch comedy" concerning the themes. At the end of each episode, one of the sides is declared by Roberts the winner.
Episodes.
Including the pilot, there have been nine episodes broadcast, with a third series commissioned. The third series see the winning themes from the second series facing the winners from the first and the pilot. The second series was recorded in front of a studio audience, whereas the first series and pilot were not. Also, the second series has episodes which last 30 minutes, whereas the pilot and first series episodes were 15 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18712153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712153" title="Hisham Abdel Khalek">
Hisham Abdel Khalek

Hisham Abdel Khalek () is an Egyptian film and theater producer, director and scriptwriter who lives in Paris, France. Born as Hisham Ahmed Abdel Khalek Matook () on the 25th of December 1979 - Giza, Egypt
Biography.
He studied computer science and graduated from the Modern Academy in Maadi – Egypt. At age of 18, he started his career in the art field and opened the first Arabic e-magazine named “Alam El Fonoun”. At the age of 19, he joined the team of Alexandria International Film Festival as public relation director and became the year after the artistic director of the festival.
In 2002, he was involved in the production of opera “Aida” in Doha, Qatar and “Aida” under the pyramids of Giza (Egypt) as the artistic director. He produced a series of operas and classic music concerts in Egypt, Syria, Dubai and other countries. His operatic repertoire includes 20 operas ranging from Aida, Tosca, Carmen, Rigoletto, La Traviata, La Boheme to Turandot.
He also founded the international animation celebration in Dubai. He worked as a consultant and director of many companies including Studio 7 productions, Nile Cinema, Star Animation, Mizalat, Capacity World and others. In 2003 he founded his own production company “AraMage Artistic Production” in Damascus, Syria then moved to Cairo, Egypt. He produced and distributed more than 20 films, short movies and documentaries. He is a consultant of 23 international film festivals in Europe, Asia, Africa and America. He participated as a jury member in many international film festivals.
He is currently writing and producing a movie called “To Whom it May Concern” to be directed by Khaled El Hagar. He is also associate / artistic producer and co-scriptwriter of the adaptation for cinema of opera “Aida” in animation by Philippe Druillet, and Guillaume Hecht, a French (Guillaume Hecht)-Belgian (Jean-Luc Van Damme) co-production., a Franco Belgium co production. In 2008, he co-founded with Olivier Delesse their production company "So Freakantastik", a French production house. Finally, he is also consultant with Salon du Cinéma (Paris Cinema Fair) since 2008.
From 2009 to 2011, Hisham Abdel Khalek was the European distributor of Al Arabia Cinema and responsible for the PR of Al Arabia Cinema in Europe, one of the biggest cinema groups in Middle East.
In 2013 he created his new musical production Akhenaten the musical, Book by Hisham Abdel Khalek and Mohamed Metwally, Lyrics by Mohamed Metwally and Music by Hesham Nazih. A new musical to tour US and Europe.
Hisham Abdel Khalek Filmography and Works.
Producer
2012 – Blood on the Nile – Hisham Abdel Khalek (In preproduction – TV Series) 
2012 – Queen Farida – TBA (In preproduction) 
2012 – To whom it may concern – TBA (In preproduction) 
2009 – Salam Ya Joe – by Hisham Abdel Khalek
2008 – Fatoush – by Hisham Abdel Khalek
2008 – Destinée – by Hisham Abdel Khalek
2005 – Healing Power – by Ramses Marzouk
2004 – 3029 TD - by Rosh Abdelfatah
2004 – Dag - by Rosh Abdelfatah
Scriptwriter
2012 – To whom it may concern – TBA (In preproduction)
2010 – Aida – Philippe Druillet and Guillaume Hecht
2009 – Salam Ya Joe – Hisham Abdel Khalek
2008 – Fatoush – Hisham Abdel Khalek
2008 – To whom it may concern – Khaled El Hagar
2008 – Un Siècle de Cinéma Egyptien – Hisham Abdel Khalek
2008 – Dalida, Queen of the Nile – Hisham Abdel Khalek
Director
2011 – El Masryeen Band Concert at Sakia El Sawy Cultural Center
2010 – Portrait of Esaad Younis (15’)
2009 – Arab Cultural Festival in Paris opening and closing gala at UNESCO and Mairie du 15e arrondissement
2009 – Salam Ya Joe (7’)
2008 – Fatoush (10’)
2008 – Destinée (15')
2006 – Ramses the last pharoh of Al Rahamesa (52’)
2005 – Love is hard, a video clip of Gasser (2’)
2004 – Images of war, short documentary (6’)
2002 – Making of Aida Qatar (25’)
2002 – Making of Aida Pyramids (25’)
2000 – Portrait for Alexandria Film Festival about Mohammed Abdel Wahab, Faten Hama and Naguib Mahfouz (3’)
Distributor
Al Arabia Cinema films, various documentaries, TV programs and short feature films for Europe

</doc>
<doc id="18712156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712156" title="Brenthurst Foundation">
Brenthurst Foundation

The Brenthurst Foundation is a Johannesburg-based think-tank established by the Oppenheimer family in 2005 to support the Brenthurst Initiative in seeking ways to fund African development, and to organize conferences on African competitiveness. Its director is Greg Mills.
Description.
The foundation was created to build on the Oppenheimers' Brenthurst initiative. Greg Mills started the foundation with a generous budget that he used to get opinions from local and international sources. The foundation has a wider African focus and aims to find ways to draw the investment needed for "continental regeneration and prosperity". The organization is intended to make a worthwhile contribution to economic growth in Africa. Greg Mills said that through the foundation, they want to create an environment conducive to positive economic change to strengthen the economic importance of Africa. The foundation is interested in setting up government policy platforms for economic development The organization has been described as a frontier of knowledge for strengthening Africa’s economic performance. The foundation sent a number of its staff abroad to help solve the problem of there not being enough lecturers at the National University of Rwanda.
Conferences.
Sydney Mufamadi and other prominent Africans proposed a set of development goals for competitiveness to make African countries become better for business. These were among other business principles presented to a conference in Washington on China and the United States in Africa. The conference was held by the Brenthurst Foundation. In mid-2005, the foundation sent a letter to Liu Guijin (China’s ambassador to South Africa at the time), inviting him and his nation to participate in a process that would include experts from Africa and the United States. The conference was held by the Brenthurst Foundation, the Leon H. Sullivan Foundation, and the Council on Foreign Relations. The conference is called the Tswalu Dialogue which has experts from across the world discuss what is best for Africa. One of the conferences was held in Africa, another was held in China, and another was held in the United States. The Tswalu Dialogue is focused on how Africa could gain from the attention of both China and the United States. Consensus at one of the conferences is that strong and visionary leadership plays a part in violence among social groups.

</doc>
<doc id="18712161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712161" title="Century Assembly">
Century Assembly

The Century Assembly (or "comitia centuriata") of the Roman Republic was one of the three voting assemblies in the Roman constitution. It was named the Century Assembly as it divided Roman citizens into one hundred different groups. However, during the years of the Roman Republic, the number of groups were increased to 197. The Centuries gathered into the Century Assembly for legislative, electoral, and judicial purposes. The majority of votes in any Century decided how that Century voted. Each Century received one vote, regardless of how many electors each Century held. Once a majority of Centuries voted in the same way on a given measure, the voting ended, and the matter was decided. Only the Century Assembly could declare war or elect the highest-ranking Roman Magistrates: "'Consuls", "Praetors" and "Censors". The Century Assembly could also pass a law that granted constitutional command authority, or "Imperium", to Consuls and Praetors (the "lex de imperio" or "Law on Imperium"), and Censorial powers to Censors (the "lex de potestate censoria" or "Law on Censorial Powers"). In addition, the Century Assembly served as the highest court of appeal in certain judicial cases (in particular, cases involving capital punishment), and ratified the results of a Census.
Since the Romans used a form of direct democracy, citizens, and not elected representatives, voted before each assembly. As such, the citizen-electors had no power, other than the power to cast a vote. Each assembly was presided over by a single Roman Magistrate, and as such, it was the presiding magistrate who made all decisions on matters of procedure and legality. Ultimately, the presiding magistrate's power over the assembly was nearly absolute. The only check on that power came in the form of vetoes handed down by other magistrates. Any decision made by a presiding magistrate could be vetoed by a magistrate known as a "Plebeian Tribune". In addition, decisions made by presiding magistrates could also be vetoed by higher-ranking magistrates.
Assembly procedure.
In the Roman system of direct democracy, two primary types of assembly were used to vote on legislative, electoral, and judicial matters. The first was the Committee ("comitia", literally "going together" or "meeting place"). The Century Assembly was a Committee. Committees were assemblies of "all citizens", and were used for official purposes, such as for the enactment of laws. Acts of a Committee applied to all of the members of that Committee. The second type of assembly was the Council ("concilium"), which was a forum where "specific groups" of citizens met for official purposes. In contrast, the Convention ("conventio", literally "coming together") was an unofficial forum for communication. Conventions were simply forums where Romans met for specific unofficial purposes, such as, for example, to hear a political speech. Private citizens who did not hold political office could only speak before a Convention, and not before a Committee or a Council. Conventions were simply meetings, and no legal or legislative decisions could be made in one. Voters always assembled first into Conventions to hear debates and conduct other business before voting, and then into Committees or Councils to actually vote.
A notice always had to be given several days before the assembly was to actually vote. For elections, at least three market-days (often more than seventeen actual days) had to pass between the announcement of the election, and the actual election. During this time period (the "trinundinum"), the candidates interacted with the electorate, and no legislation could be proposed or voted upon. In 98 BC, a law was passed (the "lex Caecilia Didia") which required a similar three market-day interval to pass between the proposal of a law and the vote on that law. During criminal trials, the assembly's presiding magistrate had to give a notice ("diem dicere") to the accused person on the first day of the investigation ("anquisito"). At the end of each day, the magistrate had to give another notice to the accused person ("diem prodicere"), which informed him of the status of the investigation. After the investigation was complete, a three market-day interval had to elapse before a final vote could be taken with respect to conviction or acquittal. 
Only one assembly could operate at any given point in time, and any session already underway could be dissolved if a magistrate "called away" ("avocare") the electors. In addition to the presiding magistrate, several additional magistrates were often present to act as assistants. They were available to help resolve procedural disputes, and to provide a mechanism through which electors could appeal decisions of the presiding magistrate. There were also religious officials (known as Augurs) either in attendance or on-call, who would be available to help interpret any signs from the Gods (omens), since the Romans believed that the Gods let their approval or disapproval with proposed actions be known. In addition, a preliminary search for omens ("auspices") was conducted by the presiding magistrate the night before any meeting. On several known occasions, presiding magistrates used the claim of unfavorable omens as an excuse to suspend a session that was not going the way they wanted. 
On the day of the vote, the electors first assembled into their "Conventions" for debate and campaigning. In the Conventions, the electors were not sorted into their respective Centuries. Speeches from private citizens were only heard if the issue to be voted upon was a legislative or judicial matter, and even then, only if the citizen received permission from the presiding magistrate. If the purpose of the ultimate vote was for an election, no speeches from private citizens were heard, and instead, the candidates for office used the Convention to campaign. During the Convention, the bill to be voted upon was read to the assembly by an officer known as a "Herald". A Plebeian Tribune could use his veto against pending legislation up until this point, but not after. 
The electors were then told to break up the Convention ("depart to your separate groups", or "discedite, quirites"), and assemble into their formal Century. The electors assembled behind a fenced off area and voted by placing a pebble or written ballot into an appropriate jar. The baskets ("cistae") that held the votes were watched by specific officers (the "custodes"), who then counted the ballots, and reported the results to the presiding magistrate. The majority of votes in any Century decided how that Century voted. If the process was not complete by nightfall, the electors were dismissed without having reached a decision, and the process had to begin again the next day.
Presiding magistrate and elections.
The presiding magistrate sat on a special chair (the "curule chair"), wore a purple-bordered toga, and was accompanied by bodyguards called lictors. Each lictor carried the symbol of state power, the fasces, which was a bundle of white birch rods, tied together with a red leather ribbon into a cylinder, and with a blade on the side, projecting from the bundle. While the voters in this assembly wore white undecorated togas and were unarmed, they were still soldiers, and as such they could not meet inside of the physical boundary of the city of Rome (the "pomerium"). Because of this, as well as the large size of the assembly (as many as 373 centuries), the assembly often met on the Field of Mars (Latin: "Campus Martius"), which was a large field located right outside of the city wall. The president of the Century Assembly was usually a Consul (although sometimes a Praetor). Only Consuls (the highest-ranking of all Roman Magistrates) could preside over the Century Assembly during elections because the higher-ranking Consuls were always elected together with the lower-ranking Praetors. Consuls and Praetors were usually elected in July, and took office in January. Two Consuls, and at least six Praetors, were elected each year for an annual term that began in January and ended in December. In contrast, two Censors were elected every five years. Once every five years, after the new Consuls for the year took office, they presided over the Century Assembly as it elected the two Censors.
Servian organization (509-107 BC).
The Century Assembly was supposedly founded by the legendary Roman King Servius Tullius, less than a century before the founding of the Roman Republic in 509 BC. As such, the original design of the Century Assembly was known as the "Servian organization". Under this organization, the assembly was supposedly designed to mirror the Roman army during the time of the Roman Kingdom. The Roman army was based on units called "Centuries", which were comparable to Companies in a modern army. While Centuries in the Roman army always consisted of about one hundred soldiers, Centuries in the Century Assembly usually did not. This was because the property qualifications for membership in a voting Century did not change over time, as property qualifications for membership in a military Century did. Soldiers in the Roman army were classified on the basis of the amount of property that they owned, and as such, soldiers with more property outranked soldiers with less property. Since the wealthy soldiers were divided into more Centuries in the early Roman army, the wealthy soldiers were also divided into more Centuries in the Century Assembly. Thus, the wealthy soldiers, who were fewer in number and had more to lose, had a greater overall influence. 
The 193 Centuries in the assembly under the Servian Organization were each divided into one of three different grades: the officer class (the cavalry or "equites"), the enlisted class (infantry or "pedites") and the miscellaneous class (mostly unarmed adjuncts). The officer class was grouped into eighteen Centuries, six of which (the "sex suffragia") were composed exclusively of Patricians. The enlisted class was grouped into 170 Centuries. Most enlisted individuals (those aged seventeen to forty-six) were grouped into eighty-five Centuries of "junior soldiers" ("iuniores" or "young men"). The relatively limited number of enlisted soldiers who were aged forty-six to sixty were grouped into eighty-five Centuries of "senior soldiers" ("seniores" or "old men"). The result of this arrangement was that the votes of the older soldiers carried more weight than did the votes of the numerically greater younger soldiers. According to Cicero, the Consul of 63 BC, this design was intentional so that the decisions of the assembly were more in line with the will of the more experienced soldiers who arguably had more to lose. The 170 Centuries of enlisted soldiers were divided into five classes, each with a separate property requirement: The first class consisted of soldiers with heavy armor, the lower classes had successively less armor, and the soldiers of the fifth class had nothing more than slings and stones. Each of the five property classes were divided equally between Centuries of younger soldiers and Centuries of older soldiers. The first class of enlisted soldiers consisted of eighty Centuries, classes two through four consisted of twenty Centuries each, and class five consisted of thirty Centuries. The unarmed soldiers were divided into the final five Centuries: four of these Centuries were composed of artisans and musicians (such as trumpeters and horn blowers), while the fifth Century (the "proletarii") consisted of people with little or no property.
During a vote, all of the Centuries of one class had to vote before the Centuries of the next lower class could vote. The seven classes voted by order of seniority: first the officer class, then the first enlisted class, then the second enlisted class, then the third enlisted class, then the fourth enlisted class, then the fifth enlisted class, and then finally the unarmed Centuries. When a measure received a majority of the vote, the voting ended, and as such, many lower ranking Centuries rarely if ever had a chance to actually vote.
Reorganization (241 BC- 27 BC).
Under the Servian Organization, the assembly was so aristocratic that the officer class and the first class of enlisted soldiers controlled enough Centuries for an outright majority. In 241 BC, this assembly was reorganized by the Censors Marcus Fabius Buteo and Gaius Aurelius Cotta, in order to give more weight to the lower ranking Centuries, and thus make the assembly less aristocratic. Under the old system, there were a total of 193 Centuries, while under the new system, there were a total of 373 Centuries. Under the new system, the thirty-five Tribes were each divided into ten Centuries: five of older soldiers, and five of younger soldiers. Of each of these five Centuries, one was assigned to one of the five property classes. Therefore, each Tribe had two Centuries (one of older soldiers and one of younger soldiers) allocated to each of the five property classes. In addition, the property requirements for each of the five classes were probably raised. In total, this resulted in 350 Centuries of enlisted soldiers. The same eighteen Centuries of officers, and the same five Centuries of unarmed soldiers, were also included in the redesign. Now, majorities usually could not be reached until the third class of enlisted Centuries had begun voting. 
Since the lowest ranking Century in the Century Assembly, the fifth unarmed Century (the "proletarii"), was always the last Century to vote, it never had any real influence on elections, and as such, it was so poorly regarded that it was all but ignored during the Census. In 107 BC, in response to high unemployment and a severe manpower shortage in the army, the general and Consul Gaius Marius reformed the organization of the army, and allowed individuals with no property to enlist. As a consequence of these reforms, this fifth unarmed Century came to encompass almost the entire Roman army. This mass disenfranchisement of most of the soldiers in the army played an important role in the chaos that led to the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC. 
During his dictatorship from 82 BC until 80 BC, Lucius Cornelius Sulla restored the old Servian organization to this assembly. This reform was one in a slate of constitutional reforms enacted by Sulla as a consequence of the recent Civil War between his supporters and those of the politically-populist then-former Consul Gaius Marius. His reforms were intended to reassert aristocratic control over the constitution, and thus prevent the emergence of another Marius. Sulla died in 78 BC, and in 70 BC, the Consuls Pompey Magnus and Marcus Licinius Crassus repealed Sulla's constitutional reforms, including his restoration of the Servian Organization to this assembly. They restored the less aristocratic organization (from 241 BC by the Censors Marcus Fabius Buteo and Gaius Aurelius Cotta). The organization of the Century Assembly was not changed again until its powers were all transferred to the Roman Senate by the first Roman Emperor, Augustus, after the fall of the Roman Republic in 27 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="18712164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712164" title="Meridian Match">
Meridian Match

Meridian Match is a Bulgarian daily sports newspaper, concentrating particularly on football.
Meridian Match and Darik Radio are the predominant sources of sports news in Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="18712167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712167" title="4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade">
4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade

The 4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade was formed in October 1942 from the remnants of the 4th New Zealand Infantry Brigade. They were part of the 2nd New Zealand Division, which had already seen action in the Battle of Greece the Battle of Crete and in the North African Campaign, having a leading part in the Battle of El Alamein. The Brigade arrived in Italy in October 1943 and took part in a number of battles over the course of a sixteen month campaign. They were equipped with Sherman and Stuart tanks, Lynx scout cars and a variety of other vehicles. The Brigade was officially disbanded in December 1945. 
History.
Formation.
The 4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade came into being on 5 October 1942 after the 4th New Zealand Infantry Brigade was converted into an armoured brigade. Upon formation the Brigade was initially composed only of one regiment, the 19th Armoured Regiment, however, by the time it deployed to Italy in October 1943 it was composed of the following units: 
The armoured regiments were organized along British lines although with fewer tanks than their British counterparts. A New Zealand armoured regiment consisted of 52 Sherman tanks. These composed a Regimental HQ troop of four tanks and three Squadrons of sixteen tanks. In addition the regiment contained a Recce Troop equipped with Stuart V light tanks in both turreted and turret less configurations and an Intercommunication troop equipped with Lynx light scout cars. Each Squadron consisted of a Squadron Headquarters with four tanks and four troops each of three tanks.
Italian Campaign.
The Brigade arrived in Italy on 5 October 1943, landing at Taranto and were involved in the first actions to break through the Bernhardt Line on the Sangro front.
In 1944 they were transferred to the American 5th Army on the Italian western coast. The New Zealand Division was joined by the 4th Indian Division and the 78th British Division, and together with units of the 1st US Armored Division formed the New Zealand Corps and was tasked with the capture of the town of Cassino, its skyline dominated by a 13th Century Monastery.
During this period the 4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade was tasked with supporting the infantry. Individual squadrons were employed in a fire support role, often being used as makeshift artillery. The 20th Armoured Regiment participated in a flanking attack, approaching the Monastery on a specially constructed road from behind. Surprise was achieved, but insufficient infantry reserves to press the initiative saw the German defenders regain the upper hand and the tanks fall back.
In March tanks from the 19th Armoured Regiment entered the town proper to support members of the 28th Māori Battalion in the bitter house to house fighting, using their 75mm guns to dig the defenders out of strong points. The degree of rubble clogging the streets made progress slow and by the end of the month when relieved by the 20th Armoured Regiment the Shermans had reverted to the role of static fire support.
This continued for the next two months, with the tanks able to provide little more than morale support to the infantry until the monastery finally fell to Polish forces on 19 May 1944.
In August the 18th Armoured Regiment during an attack on Castelle, were employed as gun tows for 6pdr and 17pdr guns, the guns crews being carried as tank riders. The Brigade's next major engagement was to assist in the 8th Army’s attack on the Adriatic end of the Gothic Line in September 1944.
The final campaign began on the 9 April 1945 with some New Zealand armoured units again being used as artillery support. A number of rivers blocked the advance and these were progressively assaulted by infantry and then in turn the armour moved up to support as bridges were constructed. By this point the German troops had begun surrendering in large numbers. 
With the final rivers behind them the bulk of the New Zealand armoured brigade raced to the city of Trieste where they accepted the surrender of the German garrison. Members of Josip Broz Tito’s Yugoslav partisan army had also occupied the city and the presence of the New Zealanders in an area the Yugoslavs considered their spoils of war was not welcome. Tensions remained high, at one point escalating to a face off between 25 Yugoslav T-34s, which had entered the city, and the 19th Armoured Regiment.
Post War.
After the end of hostilities in Europe, the 4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade remained as a garrison force in Trieste for a month before surrendering most of their equipment to a British depot. Nevertheless, the Brigade retained approximately 100 vehicles to form the core of an armoured force for future deployment to the Pacific theatre to conduct operations against the Japanese. However, with the war in the Pacific also drawing to a close these tanks were later retired and on 2 December 1945 the 4th New Zealand Armoured Brigade was officially disbanded.
The brigade was reformed in April 1953 to supervise the four Territorial Force armoured regiments of the New Zealand Division, which was designated for a war role against a Soviet invasion of the Middle East. Headquarters was located at Linton Military Camp in what was then the Central Military District.
The four regiments of the brigade were:
The 2nd and 3rd Armoured Regiments were placed in suspended animation (effectively disbanded) in 1956. However in 1958 the 2nd Armoured Regiment was reactivated on 15 September 1958 as a Regular Force unit. It was then redesignated Queen Alexandra's Armoured Regiment and then The Queen Alexandra's Regiment RNZAC on 31 August 1959.
The date the 4th Armoured Brigade was disestablished is not immediately clear, but on 1 June 1960 the 4th New Zealand Infantry Brigade Group was established to supervise Regular Force units.

</doc>
<doc id="18712172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712172" title="The Punisher in film">
The Punisher in film

The fictional character Punisher, a comic book anti-hero featured in Marvel Comics publications, has appeared in three films unrelated to each other. The first film was in 1989 and was released straight to video and starred Dolph Lundgren. The second film was released in theaters and starred Thomas Jane. After an unsuccessful script of "Punisher 2", the film series was then rebooted again in 2008 with the film "" starring Ray Stevenson.
Development.
The first film, known simply as "The Punisher" is a film that was released straight to video by New World Pictures in 1989 that's most notable for lacking the character's signature skull. Marvel hired Jonathan Hensleigh to write and direct the 2004 film which was mainly based on two Punisher comic books stories; "The Punisher: Year One" and "Welcome Back, Frank".
A direct sequel was supposed to follow based on strong DVD sales, but the lack of a good script kept the project in development for over 3 years, and by the end both Jonathan Hensleigh and Thomas Jane pulled out. In a statement on May 15, 2007 In June 2007, Lexi Alexander was hired to direct and Ray Stevenson was hired in July to play the Punisher in the newly titled "", which became a reboot, and not a sequel to 2004's "The Punisher". This is the second time the film series has been rebooted, after the 2004 production rebooted 1989's "The Punisher". The film was released on December 5, 2008. The films primarily focus on Frank's vigilante crusade after the death of his family.
Films.
"The Punisher" (1989).
He is the city's most wanted, and most mysterious, vigilante. He has killed 125 people in the last 5 years. He is The Punisher (Dolph Lundgren), a one man weapon against crime. In reality the Punisher is Frank Castle, an ex-cop whose family was murdered by mobsters. Now legally declared dead, he strikes back from beyond the grave, killing mobsters wherever he can find them. As a result of this, the mobsters families have weakened, forcing Gianni Franco, the leader of one of the families, to come in and take control of the families. Franco has a plan to bring the families together as one unit. However, this has attracted the attention of the Yakuza, Asia's most powerful crime syndicate, who decide to take over the families and all their interests. In order to sway the mobsters to their cause, they kidnap their children. Now the Punisher must fight to save the lives of the children of the people he has fought against for five years, while at the same time fighting alongside the man who killed his family.
"The Punisher" (2004).
After an undercover operation where Bobby Saint, son of corrupt businessman Howard Saint, is killed, FBI agent Frank Castle (Thomas Jane) retires. Howard Saint, holding Castle responsible for the death of his son, butchers Frank's family during a family reunion and leaves Frank for dead. Burnt out and taunted by memories of his murdered family, Frank sets out to avenge his family and becomes a judge, jury and executioner known as "The Punisher", his trademark skull shirt being a final gift from Castle's son before his death. Castle sets out to punish Howard Saint and his associates in a one man war, refusing to give up until those responsible are dead, including tricking Saint into killing his wife and head bodyguard by manipulating evidence to make him think that they are having an affair.
An extended cut DVD was released on November 21, 2006 with 17 minutes of additional footage, most of which revolves around the character Jimmy Weeks (Russell Andrews), and Frank realizing that it was his friend that sold him out to Howard Saint. Features also include a black and white stop motion animated scene, set in Kuwait based on and partially done by artist Tim Bradstreet, and a Punisher comic book gallery. An extended version of "In Time" by Mark Collie also appears in the closing credits of the extended cut DVD.
"Punisher: War Zone" (2008).
Waging his one-man war on the world of organized crime, ruthless vigilante-hero Frank Castle (Ray Stevenson) sets his sights on overeager mob boss Billy Russoti. After Russoti is left horribly disfigured by Castle, he sets out for vengeance under his new alias: Jigsaw. With the "Punisher Task Force" hot on his trail and the FBI unable to take Jigsaw in, Frank must stand up to the formidable army that Jigsaw has recruited before more of his evil deeds go unpunished.
"All Hail the King".
Guido Carboni and Luis Allegre's names appear above prison cells in the 2014 Marvel One-Shot, "All Hail the King".
Cancelled.
"The Punisher 2".
Despite "The Punisher" being a box office disappointment, Lions Gate Entertainment was interested in a sequel based on the film's strong DVD sales. Jonathan Hensleigh and Thomas Jane were set to commence filming of the sequel, but the project remained in development for over 3 years due to the lack of a good script despite numerous writers being attached even after Hensleigh pulled out. Thomas Jane was eager to do the sequel stating Jigsaw as the villain, that he'd put on an additional 12 pounds of muscle, and that "it would be darker, bloodier and more unfriendly than the first one." However, after reading the new script by Kurt Sutter, he stated:
Future.
Ray Stevenson expressed interest in sequels, hinting at Barracuda as a possible villain. At the 2008 San Diego Comic-Con, when asked if he signed on for more Punisher, he said, "If I had my wish, it's going to run and run. It's up to the fan base. If this works, we get to do it all again."
At the San Diego Comic Con in 2010, Marvel Studios confirmed they now have the rights back for Punisher and they "hope to bring him into the fray shortly." In an interview with Bleeding Cool, Feige has talk about seeing the character appearing in a Daredevil reboot.
"Dirty Laundry".
At the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con International, Jane debuted an independently financed Punisher short film, directed by Phil Joanou, written by Chad St. John, produced by Adi Shankar, and co-starring Ron Perlman, titled "Dirty Laundry".

</doc>
<doc id="18712187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712187" title="Maarten Heisen">
Maarten Heisen

Maarten Heisen (born February 11, 1984 in Woerden) is a Dutch sprinter.
Biography.
Heisen started becoming active in athletics at the age of 9. In these early years his career was basically based on making fun. It became clear that he was talented in sprinting as well as at the long jump even though his opponents at that age were quite a bit larger than him. 
When he was sixteen he started to become more serious in developing his career and he started training more frequently. As a second year B-junior in 2001 he won his first medals at the national championships: silver at the 60m indoor and bronze at the 100m outdoor. His next goal was to achieve a time under 11 seconds over 100 metres. He succeeded straight away with 10.99, but in his second attempt he already run 10.82 seconds. Nonetheless he was unable to achieve the limit for the World Junior Championships in Jamaica that was set at 10.74 seconds. Only five days after the deadline he improved his personal best to 10.70, but it was too late to start in Jamaica.
In his last year as a junior Heisen did manage to qualify for the 2003 European Junior Championships in Tampere. He participated in the 100m (where he reached the semi final) and the 4 x 100 m relay (the team reached the final, but due to an exchanging error between Heisen and Michael Mathew they did not finish). 
The following year Heisen participated on senior level, but had a hard time adjusting to the higher level. He reached the finals at the national championships, however he was unable to come close to the podium. He was added to the Dutch Olympic Team selection and learned a lot from the more experienced athletes, specially those that qualified for the 2004 Summer Olympics. In 2005 he suffered with an injury during the start of the year, but he managed to win his first senior medals. He won a silver medal at the 60m indoor and a bronze at the 100m outdoor. He missed out on qualification for the under-23 European Championships and decided to run some international races in Helsinki and Stockholm. His personal best time over 100 metres was improved to 10.52 at the end of 2005.
In 2006 he won the bronze medal during the 60 metres at the Dutch Indoor Championships in Ghent, but apart from that no notable results were achieved. Also in 2007 he did not perform at his best, although he did manage to beat his personal best at the 100 metres to 10.49. Unexpectedly because of his results in the past two years his start in 2008 was very successful. Heisen qualified himself for the World Indoor Championships in Valencia due to a 6.66 at the 60 metres indoor during an international race in Luxembourg. In Valencia he achieved 6.77 to reach the semi final in which his 6.71 was not enough to qualify for the final and ended up in 16th position overall.
Heisen made his way into the Dutch 4 x 100 metres relay team together with team mates Caimin Douglas, Patrick van Luijk, Guus Hoogmoed, Gregory Sedoc and Virgil Spier. Their aim was to qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics and initially they finished in 17th position during the qualification process while only the first 16 teams would qualify. Due to the cancellation of the Australian team they were allowed to start in Beijing. In their qualification heat Heisen, Hoogmoed, Van Luijk and Douglas placed third in behind Trinidad and Tobago and Japan, but in front of Brazil. Their time of 38.87 was the fifth fastest out of all sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. In the final, the second baton change between Hoogmoed and Van Luijk failed, resulting in a slow time. They still finished the race to place seventh, before the disqualified Chinese team.

</doc>
<doc id="18712199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712199" title="Tilt fuze">
Tilt fuze

A tilt fuze or fuse is a device usually used in the operation of car bombs and other such detonators, relying on the force of a jerk or similar movement for the triggering of the desired explosion.
The tilt fuze is typically a home-made mercury switch. It consists of a small tube no larger than a medical tablet bottle, made from plastic, glass or some other such material. At the bottom end of the tube, a certain volume of mercury is placed, while at the cap end are wired two live electrical contacts linked to a battery and bomb. This apparatus is then fixed lengthwise to the target vehicle; most usually, the tube is attached to the underside, below the driver or passenger's seat (depending on the desired target and the strength and quantity of the detonators) or within the mudguards.
The function of the fuze is such that when it is tilted or moved, the mercury – a liquid metal – will slide down the tube and close the electrical circuit wired to the bomb. Once the circuit is closed, the electric current will then be able to bridge the previously open gap and activate the bomb presumably concealed in another part of the vehicle. Such a tilting of the tilt fuze will likely occur over the regular bumps and jerks of the vehicle driving, ascension up the slope of a hill, or the depression of the brake or acceleration pedals, depending on the placement of the tube.
Due to the volatility in the conduction of the operation, bombers often take precautionary measures to prevent accidental tilting of the fuze while they are setting up. These often include a timer incorporated with the electric current; the bomber may set a certain time period before the contacts become live, therefore ensuring that the bomb cannot be activated until the bomber is well clear of the area.
Tilt fuzes sometimes meet use with the anti-handling devices incorporated into munitions such as the VS-50 mine. The Luftwaffe in World War II are known to have made use of variants of the tilt fuze in their bomb fuzes. Tilt fuzes have been used extensively by the Irish Republican Army and Irish National Liberation Army since 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18712201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712201" title="Lettice Mary Tredway">
Lettice Mary Tredway

Mother Lettice Mary Tredway, C.R.L., (1595 – October 1677), courtesy title Lady Tredway, was an English canoness regular and abbess who founded a monastery for the English members of her Order in 17th-century Europe.
Life.
In July 1616, Tredway entered the novitiate of the Canonesses Regular of the Lateran at their Priory of Notre-Dame-de-Beaulieu in the village of Sin-le-Noble, near Douai, in the County of Flanders, which had been established in the 13th century as a hostel for travellers and the sick. She was probably educated there, and in October 1617, made her solemn profession of vows as a member of the community. 
In 1631 she and Miles Pinkney, better known as Father Carre, a priest of the English College at Douai, conceived the project of opening a monastery of canonesses for English subjects only at Douai. The idea was approved by the Catholic authorities at home and abroad, and in 1634 it was decided to open this English priory at Paris. 
Bishop Richard Smith, who was charged with the spiritual care of the Catholics of Great Britain, then in exile in Paris, helped them generously and may be counted a co-founder. He blessed Lady Tredway as abbess, and the Priory of Notre-Dame-de-Sion was permanently established on the Rue des Fosses in 1639. Carre and Tredway were also practically the founders of the Seminary of St. Gregory (now Downside Abbey) for training priests for the English mission. A pension for English ladies and a school were attached to the new monastery, of which Tredway held the office of abbess till 1675, when illness compelled her to resign. 
After her death the superiors of the priory held the title of prioress, as is customary for communities of Augustinian canonesses.
The priory which Tredway established continued in operation, along with the school attached to it, until the French Revolution, when the English canonesses were finally forced to flee. They returned to their homeland, where they found that they were able to live out their life as a religious community. Eventually the community established itself as St Augustine's Priory, Ealing.
Family.
Mother Mary was the daughter of Sir Walter Tredway, of Buckley Park in Northamptonshire; her mother was Elizabeth Weyman.

</doc>
<doc id="18712206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712206" title="Harringworth railway station">
Harringworth railway station

Harringworth railway station was a railway station near Harringworth, Northamptonshire. It was on the now freight-only Oakham to Kettering Line of the Midland Railway, at at the south end of Welland Viaduct.
The former signal box which is a listed structure has been preserved by the Northampton & Lamport Railway and is currently stored at Pitsford and Brampton station.
February 2014: Station in private ownership - no access. Two scheduled passenger trains daily in each direction, Corby to Oakham.
Services

</doc>
<doc id="18712208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712208" title="London 2 South">
London 2 South

London 2 South is an English league of Rugby Union teams, representing the second level in the Rugby Football Union's London & South East Division, making it a Level 6 league in the RFU's league hierarchy. The clubs come mainly from Hampshire, Kent, South London, Surrey and Sussex.
Promoted teams move up to London 1. 
Teams 2008-2009.
Previous league and season in brackets

</doc>
<doc id="18712216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712216" title="Gunapala Piyasena Malalasekera">
Gunapala Piyasena Malalasekera

Gunapala Piyasena Malalasekera, OBE, JP (Sinhala: ගුණපාල මලලසේකර) (8 November 1899 – 23 April 1973) was a Sri Lankan academic, scholar and diplomat. He was the Ceylon's first Ambassador to the Soviet Union, Ceylon's High Commissioner to Canada, the United Kingdom and Ceylon's Permanent Representative to the United Nations in New York. He was the Professor Emeritus in Pali and Dean of the Faculty of Oriental Studies.
Early life and education.
Born on November 8, 1899 at Malamulla, Panadura as George Pieris Malalasekera, his father was a well-known Ayurvedic (native medicine) physician, Ayur. Dr. M. S. Pieris Malalasekera.
Malalasekera was educated at St. John's College Panadura, (now the St. John's College National School). It was a leading school in the English medium in Panadura under the head master Cyril Jansz, a reputed educationist of the colonial era. After receiving his education in that school from 1907–17, he joined the Ceylon Medical College, Colombo to qualify as a doctor with a Licentiate in Medicine and Surgery (LMS).
The death of his father cut short his medical studies. Circumstances compelled him to give up his hopes of becoming a medical doctor. By following a correspondence course from England, he gained a BA from the University of London External System, 1919 with a first division. His subjects were English, Latin, Greek and French. He was the youngest candidate to obtain the Bachelor of Arts degree in the British Empire in that year with a first class.
In 1923, he proceeded to join the University of London and obtained the two post-graduate degrees of a MA, PhD and a concurrently in 1925, in oriental languages majoring in Pali from the London School of Oriental Studies. Malalasekera would later gain a DLitt in 1938, his thesis was 'Pali Literature in Sri Lanka'.
Teaching career.
Coming under the influence of Buddhist renaissance of Srimath Anagarika Dharmapala, he changed his foreign names of George and Pieris to those of Gunapala Piyasena and henceforth came to be known as G. P. (Gunapala Piyasena) Malalasekera. After gaining his BA he took to teaching at Ananda College, Colombo as an assistant teacher, then under the principal P. de S. Kularatne. Both of them were the architects of the Sinhala national costume. In quick succession Malalasekera rose up the ranks to be the Vice Principal and acting Principal of Ananda College. Thereafter he left for London for his graduate studies. On his return to the motherland in 1926, he was appointed Principal of newly formed Nalanda College Colombo. The student assembly hall of Nalanda College Colombo is named Malalasekara Theatre in memory of him.
Academic career.
Shortly afterwards in 1927, he succeeded Ven. Suriyagoda as lecturer in the then University College, Colombo to lecture in English on Sinhala, Pali and Sanskrit for the University of London degree examinations. When the University of Ceylon was founded in 1942, he became the Professor of Pali and Head of the Department of Pali. Later he would serve as Dean of the Faculty of Oriental Studies, University of Ceylon. His research was on Buddhism and Buddhist Civilization was extensive and he was the Editor-in-Chief of the Encyclopaedia of Buddhism. His contribution by way of research papers and publications to the Pali Text Society of London under the patronage of scholars like Rhys David and Miss I. B. Harner. From 1927 twice he was elected the Joint Secretary of the All Ceylon Buddhist Congress. Thrice he was the Vice-President and functioned as its President from 1939-1957.
During his tenure of office, he saw to it that the All Ceylon Buddhist Congress constructed a new building for its headquarters at Bullers Road (now "Bauddhaloka Mawatha"). He took a delight in the activities of the Viharamahadevi Girls' Home, Biyagama and was responsible for the establishment of boys' homes at Panadura and Ja-Ela. During his presidency of the Buddhist Congress for 25 years, he addressed 20 of its annual sessions. His 'magnum opus' or great work is the famous 'Gunapala Sinhala-English Dictionary'. Of equal importance is the Pali dictionary - Sinhala-English. An ardent member of the Royal Asiatic Society of Ceylon. He represented Ceylon at several parleys abroad notably, Conference on Living Religions (1924 - London), Conference on World Religious (1936 - London), Association of Occidental (Western) and Oriental Philosophers (Hawaii - 1949), Association of Indian Philosophers - India, meeting of the Pakistani Philosophers (1953 - Karachi), and the Seminar on Religions for Peace, (San Francisco, USA, 1965). So numerous were the essays, write-ups, literary contributions he made and radio talks delivered over Buddhist, religious and cultural matters and Social service assignments. He was the founder president of the World Fellowship of Buddhists inaugurated within the hallowed precincts of the Temple of the Tooth, Kandy in 1950 at the suggestion of the All Ceylon Buddhist Congress.
He was president of the World Fellowship of Buddhists from 1950 to 1958 as well as the Ceylon Arts Socity;
Diplomatic career.
Malalasekera was appointed the first Ambassador for Ceylon to the USSR in 1957 by Prime Minister S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike when he established diplomatic relations with socialist countries such as Russia, China, Czechoslovakia, Yugoslavia. In 1959, he was appointed concurrently first Ambassador for Ceylon to Czechoslovakia, Poland and Romania.
Subsequently, he functioned as the Ceylon High Commissioner in Canada and was Ceylon UN Permanent Representative in New York. There he served as Chairman, Security Council Member, Fact Finding Mission to Saigon and also in the Committee on Information from North Non-self Governing Territories. Finally, he was the Ceylon's High Commissioner in the UK from 1963 to 1967.
In 1967, he returned to the island to accept the post of chairman of the National Higher Education Commission which responsible post he held till 1971. He died on April 23, 1973.
Family life.
He married Margaret Russel YMBA Hall in Borella in 1927, she was a concert pianist he met while he was a student at the London School of Oriental Studies. The marriage lasted only three years and produced a daughter Chitra who excelled in classical music (piano). He thereafter married Lyle, they had three sons and two daughters. His sons were Indrajith, Arjun and Vijaya. Vijaya studied law at the University of Cambridge and was called to the English Bar as Barrister-at-Law and his second daughter became a science graduate.

</doc>
<doc id="18712233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712233" title="Taliesin Associated Architects">
Taliesin Associated Architects

Taliesin Associated Architects was an architectural firm founded by Frank Lloyd Wright to carry on his architectural vision after his death in 1959. The firm disbanded in 2003. 
It was headquartered at Taliesin West and had up to 14 principals who had all worked under Wright. One of their first major projects was the Rocky Mountain National Park Administration Building, part of Mission 66 for the National Park Service. Along with original work such as the Kaden Tower (originally "Lincoln Tower", Louisville, Kentucky, 1966), the firm completed several of Wright's unbuilt designs, and performed renovation and expansion, for instance at the Arizona Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix. 
The first managing principal was Wright's protégé and son-in-law William Wesley Peters, until his death in 1991. Other TAA architects included Charles Montooth and John Rattenbury. 

</doc>
<doc id="18712249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712249" title="List of Newcastle United F.C. managers">
List of Newcastle United F.C. managers

The following is a list of Newcastle United Football Club managers and their major honours from the beginning of the club's official managerial records in 1892 to the present day. As of the start of the 2008–09 season, Newcastle United have had 24 full-time and 5 caretaker managers.
The club's longest-serving manager was Stan Seymour, who had three spells managing the club from 1939 to 1958, totalling almost 14 years, while the most successful manager was Joe Harvey, who won five trophies and also had the longest uninterrupted spell as manager, lasting 13 years from 1962 to 1975. All but three of the club's managers - Tom Mather, Norman Smith and Osvaldo Ardiles - have managed the club in the top-flight.
Managerial history.
From 1892 to 1929, the team was selected by a committee whose secretary had the same powers and role as a manager has today.
Statistics.
"Information correct as of match played 10 November 2013. Only competitive matches are counted"
Records.
Nationalities.
"As of 14 December 2010."
Most games.
"As of 4 September 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="18712256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712256" title="Eshbal">
Eshbal

Eshbal (, lit. "Stachys") is a small kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 53.
The village was founded in 1979 as a Nahal settlement. It was civilianised in January 1998 by a kvutza of 30 HaNoar HaOved VeHaLomed youth group members.
Since 1998, Eshbal has been the home to the Galil Jewish-Arab School.

</doc>
<doc id="18712260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712260" title="Women in Film and Television (South Africa)">
Women in Film and Television (South Africa)

Women in Film and Television (South Africa) (WIFTSA) is the South Africa chapter of Women in Film and Television International WIFTI, a not-for-profit network of women dedicated to advancing the professional development and empowerment of women working in the film and television industry. WIFTI has more than 10,000 members across a network of 37 member organizations.
WIFTSA is an inclusive organization for women of all backgrounds whose members work at all levels of the industry - from the owners of production companies to directors, entertainment lawyers, actresses, camerawomen, make-up artists and students.
WIFTSA organizes networking events, summits, development programmes and lecture series for it members. WIFTSA additionally runs an annual film festival: Women's Month Celebration which screens films and documentaries by South African women.
History.
WIFTSA was founded in 2005 by Fiona Tudor Price with support from the Cape Film Commission, Atomic Productions, the South African Broadcasting Corporation (SABC) and the Sithenghi Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18712270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712270" title="Brendan Griffin (Tipperary politician)">
Brendan Griffin (Tipperary politician)

Brendan Griffin (born 28 August 1935) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician. A national schoolteacher by profession, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1969 general election. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary South constituency at the 1973 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until he lost his seat at the 1989 general election. He later served as a member of South Tipperary County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18712283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712283" title="Gretton railway station">
Gretton railway station

Gretton railway station was a railway station near Gretton, Northamptonshire. It was on the now freight-only Oakham to Kettering Line of the Midland Railway. The steps up to the former platforms can still be seen, but the station building itself is in private ownership.
As of 2014 the station buildings still remain, though in private ownership. The station itself is an interesting two storey building situated on a viaduct on the edge of the village - easily visible on the road from Rockingham (which itself has a disused station). Currently, two scheduled passenger trains a day in each direction pass through the station.
Former Services

</doc>
<doc id="18712292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712292" title="Lachesis stenophrys">
Lachesis stenophrys

Lachesis stenophrys is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Central America and northern South America. The specific name, "stenophrys", is derived from the Greek words "stenos", meaning "narrow", and "ophrys", meaning "brow" or "eyebrow". No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults commonly grow to more than 200 cm (6 feet 6¾ inches) and may exceed 330 cm (10 feet 10 inches) in total length. Ditmars (1910) reported a specimen from Costa Rica that was 11 feet 4 inches (348.7 cm). Many accounts exist of much larger specimens, but these are poorly documented. Solórzano (2004) cites historical records that put the maximum length at 360 cm (11 feet 9¾ inches). 
It has a broadly rounded head and a snout that is not elevated. Typically, the species has a pronounced middorsal ridge that is most distinct on the last quarter of the body.
The color pattern is darker than that of "L. muta".
Geographic range.
Found in Central America in the Atlantic lowlands of southern Nicaragua, Costa Rica and Panama, as well as the Pacific lowlands of central and eastern Panama. In South America it occurs in the Pacific lowlands of Colombia and northwestern Ecuador, the Caribbean coast of northwestern Colombia and inland along the Magdalena and Cauca river valleys. The type locality given is "Sipurio" (Limón Province, Costa Rica).
Habitat.
Occurs in tropical rainforest and lower montane wet forest where annual precipitation averages 2,000-4,000 mm, which is heavy to extremely heavy rainfall. In the drier areas of Nicaragua, it can be found in gallery forests as well as forests that are seasonally dry, but then never far from sources of water. This species is hardly ever encountered outside of old growth forest.
Taxonomy.
Campbell and Lamar (2004) also recognize a fourth species, "L. acrochorda" (García, 1896), which McDiarmid "et al." (1999) treat as a synonym of "L. stenophrys." Campbell and Lamar refer to it as the Chochoan bushmaster and described it as being found in western Panama and northwestern Colombia.

</doc>
<doc id="18712293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712293" title="Obsession (cuban hip-hop)">
Obsession (cuban hip-hop)

History.
Alexey Rodriguez or “el tipo este” (that guy over there) and Magia Lopez are two members of the Cuban band Obsesion. They have been writing and playing music since 1996. Alexey and Magia set up their band just after getting married. They live and work in Regla, an industrial suburb east of Havana, Cuba. Recently the group also recruited Isnay Rodriguez or DJ El Jigue into the group. Rodriguez is originally from Santiago de Cuba but now lives in Havana.
Alexey has been a break-dancer and a fan of US hip-hop (which Cubans call “la moña”). He worked as a lathe operator and sculptor when, in 1993, he met Magia. She had spent four years performing with an Afro-Cuban dance troupe and had earned a communications degree before she too became a sculptor.
Alexey and Magia shared a hip-hop dream that had little to do with waving their hands in the air like they just don’t care. Writing, composing and producing for Obsession, Alexey has helped demonstrate hip-hop’s role as a legitimate expression of Cuban culture. Through his participation in a multidisciplinary arts project called La Fabri-K, he has provided support for up-and-coming rappers, encouraging them to interact with painters, sculptors, poets and dancers. Magia, meanwhile, has been an inspired participant in the debates that take place during each year’s Alamar Festival, advocating for women’s rights with particular eloquence.
In addition to various Cuban hip-hop compilations, Obsesion has been involved in some more surprising collaborations. They appear on jazzman Roberto Fronseca’s “Tiene Que Ver” album, as well as A ugusto Enrique”s “Cuando yo sea Grande”, both from 1998.
The title of Obsesion’s first CD, which appeared in 2000, comes as less of a surprise, however: ”Un Monton de Cosas” (“A Pile of Things”) hints at the diversity of Alexey and Magia’s interests.
In 2003, they embarked on a month-long tour of the United States, culminating in a historical performance at the Appolo theatre, sharing the stage with The Roots, with a fan base including Harry Belafonte, Afrika Bambaata and Mos Def.
In 2006, they attended the World Social Forum in Venezuela and performed at the Festival of Hip-Hop to Fight Against Aids.
Alexey and Magia are working on a new record.

</doc>
<doc id="18712310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712310" title="JNR Class EF63">
JNR Class EF63

The JNR Class EF63 is a class of 1,500 V DC electric locomotives formerly operating in Japan.
History.
A total of 25 Class EF63 locomotives were built between 1962 and 1976 exclusively for use as bankers on the steeply-graded Usui Pass section of the Shinetsu Main Line between Yokokawa and Karuizawa. They replaced the Class ED42 electric locomotives previously used on the rack-and-pinion line between these two stations.
The prototype, EF63 1, was produced in 1962 by Toshiba for testing before full production of the class started in 1963 spread between manufacturers Kawasaki, Mitsubishi and Toshiba. The class was equipped with a number of special safety features to cope with the unique conditions of operating on the 66.7‰ gradient of the Usui Pass. These included independent dynamic brakes on all six axles (hence the large louvres along the bodysides for heat dissipation), magnetic adhesion brakes operating directly on the rails, and mechanical locking brakes. Small wheels attached to the centre bogie were used to measure the train speed and apply the brakes in the case of run-away. The class used the same 425 kW MT52 traction motors used on the EF62s and also the EF70s.
The entire class was based at Yokokawa depot, and they were always used in pairs at the Yokokawa end of trains travelling in both directions, and were capable of operating in multiple with Class EF62 locomotives and a wide range of EMU types (including 115, 185, 189, 489 series) – hence the impressive array of jumper cables and connectors on the Karuizawa ends of the locos. Trains ascending the incline from Yokokawa were driven by the driver in the rearmost cab of the EF63 pair at the rear of the train, with the driver in the front cab of the train acting only as signal look-out.
Locos EF63 5 and EF63 9 were written off after a runaway derailment also involving two EF62s in 1975, and EF63 24 and EF63 25 were additionally built in 1976 to replace these two.
In 1978, EF63 11 and 13 were specially turned out to work an imperial train over the Usui Pass.
Following privatization of JNR, the entire fleet was transferred to JR East operation with the exception of EF63 1 and 14 operated by JR Freight.
The closure of the Yokokawa to Karuizawa section of the Shinetsu Main Line in September 1997 coinciding with the opening of the new Nagano Shinkansen marked the end of the careers of the EF63 locomotives. Before their final withdrawal, however, a number of locos (EF63 18, 19, 24, and 25) were repainted into original brown livery following their last overhauls in 1997. Incidentally, these locomotives were delivered in standard blue livery from new.
Locomotive histories.
Source:
Preserved examples.
EF63 24 and 25 are currently used to provide driver training sessions to members of the public at the Usui Pass Railway Heritage Park on a short stretch of track electrified at 750 V DC (rather than the normal 1,500 V). EF63 11 and 12 are kept as operational spares. All other preserved examples are kept as static exhibits.

</doc>
<doc id="18712318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712318" title="Yuri Antonov">
Yuri Antonov

Yuri Antonov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18712373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712373" title="Sali Kelmendi">
Sali Kelmendi

Sali Kelmendi was born in Tirana on 31 May 1947. He is an engineer and a politician. One of the founders of the Democratic Party of Albania in 1990, Sali Kelmendi is the first democratically elected mayor of Tirana in the democratic elections of July 1992.
During the years 1992-1996, over 90% of enterprises and 100% of homes were denationalized. Also a lot of work was done in the housing of the politically persecuted people. Thus, he contributed in the Tirana's transformation from a centrally planned economy to a market oriented system.

</doc>
<doc id="18712379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712379" title="Tree of Knowledge (film)">
Tree of Knowledge (film)

Tree of Knowledge () is a 1981 Danish coming-of-age drama directed by Nils Malmros. The film details the lives of 17 teenage schoolmates in 1950s Denmark. Shooting on location at the high school which he had attended, Malmros took two years to film the action, so the cast members reflected the real life physical and emotional development of their characters. Film Critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times wrote ""The Tree of Knowledge" is the truest and most moving film I have ever seen about the experience of puberty... a creative act of memory about exactly what it was like to be 13 in 1953." Despite critical praise, "Tree of Knowledge" received only two awards: the Danish Film Critics Bodil Award for Jan Weincke's cinematography and the Audience Award at the Lübeck Nordic Film Festival. "Tree of Knowledge" is one of the top 100 Danish films listed by the Danish Film Institute and is one of ten films listed in the cultural canon of Denmark by the Danish Ministry of Culture.
The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival and was selected as the Danish entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18712380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712380" title="Rosavin">
Rosavin

Rosavin is a glycoside compound found in the plant "Rhodiola rosea". It is thought to be one of the compounds responsible for the antidepressant and anxiolytic actions of this plant, along with salidroside.
Rosavin is also the trademark of an extract from the plant Rhodiola rosea owned by Ameriden International, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18712388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712388" title="2008 Kashgar attack">
2008 Kashgar attack

The 2008 Kashgar attack () occurred on the morning of 4 August, 2008 in the city of Kashgar in the Western Chinese province of Xinjiang. According to Chinese government sources, it was a terrorist attack perpetrated by two men with suspected ties to the Uyghur separatist movement. The men reportedly drove a truck into a group of approximately 70 jogging police officers, and proceeded to attack them with grenades and machetes, resulting in the death of sixteen officers. Foreign tourists who witnessed the scene provided a divergent account of events, saying that the attackers appeared to be machete-wielding paramilitary officers.
Background.
The Uyghurs are the largest ethnic group in ethnically diverse Xinjiang, making up just over 45% of the population. The Uyghur movement's use of militant separatism has resulted in it being described as a potentially dangerous movement. In particular, the Eastern Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM) is a proscribed terrorist organisation according to classification by the United Nations. Among other incidents, East Turkestan independence movement organisations have claimed responsibility for the 2008 Kunming bus bombings; however, China denied that the group was responsible. The Uyghur Human Rights project alleges that China often exaggerates these threats to justify repression of the Uyghur people.
Details.
Two attackers were involved in the incident near the western city of Kashgar. The Xinhua News Agency said the attack happened at about 08:00 (00:00 GMT). One of the men drove a dump truck into a group of border patrol police officers as they were jogging on a street. The attacker then got out of the truck and started attacking other officers with homemade explosives. The explosives went off prematurely and blew off one of his arms. The other attacker threw improvised explosive devices at a nearby police office. He then went into the building with a knife, but was subdued by police officers inside the complex. Both perpetrators were captured during the raid. Fourteen policemen died at the scene and two died on the way to hospital; another 16 policemen were hurt, Xinhua state news agency reported. The attackers were later identified as males, taxi driver Kurbanjan Hemit, 28, and vegetable vendor Abdurahman Azat, 33. They are members of the Uyghur ethnic group, and it was suspected that the attack was a terrorist action by Eastern Turkistan separatists.
The news agency Xinhua claimed in their English-language version that the incident was a terrorist attack; on the other side, in their Chinese-language version, the incident was only labeled as a violent crime. Police investigators later claimed that they had found documents calling for a holy war, a homemade firearm, and nine explosives. Furthermore, the police claimed that the design of these explosives was very similar to the explosives made by the ETIM when Chinese police raided their training facility in January 2007. Xinjiang's regional public security department also claimed that it had received intelligence that the East Turkestan independence movement planned to carry out terrorist attacks during the week before the opening ceremonies of the Olympic games. This incident happened four days before the Beijing Olympics, after repeated warnings in recent months from the Chinese government that militants from the restive Xinjiang region were planning to stage attacks to disrupt the Games.
In September 2008, the New York Times reported that three tourists who witnessed the events disputed central details of the official story. According to the eyewitnesses, no explosions were heard and the attackers appeared to be machete-wielding police officers attacking other uniformed men.
Reactions.
The exiled Uyghur Muslims leader and human rights activist Rebiya Kadeer condemned the reported attack and stated that "China is using the 2008 Olympics as an opportunity to further demonise the Uighur people's legitimate and peaceful struggle and justify its heavy-handed repression in the region." The Chinese government reacted with a clampdown in Kashgar and Xinjiang, increasing security checks and restricting independent news coverage.
Detention of media.
On the night of August 4, a "Tokyo Shimbun" cameraman and a Japanese TV reporter, along with two Hong Kong reporters making reports near the police post were detained by People's Armed Police. The two Hong Kong reporters were not harmed; however, the Japanese reporters were beaten and punched. All four were released after two hours of detainment. The Japanese government protests the Chinese actions, although it has made no formal statement as there was no confirmation. Chinese officials and police in Kashgar have apologised for the incident, but accused the two men of breaking rules.

</doc>
<doc id="18712393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712393" title="Machaerotidae">
Machaerotidae

The Machaerotidae (Hemiptera: Cercopoidea) comprise a small, distinct and interesting group of insects mainly inhabiting the Old World tropics. The adult often has a long, free and spine-like process originating at the scutellum and is thus superficially similar to the Membracidae. Its tegmen or forewing, like typical bugs of the suborder Heteroptera, always has a distinct, membranous apical area. The nymph constructs a calcareous tube on some woody dicotyledons and immerses itself in a rather clear fluid excretion inside the tube. The tube strongly simulates the shell of certain serpulid sea worms or helicoid land snails and contain no less than 75% calcium carbonate. This habit is quite uncommon in the class Insecta and markedly different from that of typical cercopoids or spittlebugs, which make and live in a froth mass either below or above ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18712409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712409" title="Breadline Africa">
Breadline Africa

__NOTOC__
Breadline Africa is a charitable organization based in Cape Town, South Africa. Its purpose is to help the poor and the vulnerable to help themselves and break the cycle of poverty in Africa. It raises funds in the UK, Ireland and the Netherlands as well as in South Africa.
Breadline Africa has a close relationship with "Catholic Welfare and Development of Cape Town" (CWD), out of which it originally grew. However, BLA now provides funding to projects throughout the other provinces of South Africa as well as neighbouring countries like Lesotho, Malawi, Namibia and Zimbabwe. It favours small projects which have grown out of community support, which are locally managed and have beneficiaries in their governing structures.
Since 1993, Breadline Africa has worked closely with several other philanthropic organisations and charitable projects.
Breadline Africa's Goals.
From the headquarters in Cape Town, South Africa, Breadline Africa feeds an ever increasing amount of people on a day to day basis.
The organisation's main focuses are:
History.
Breadline Africa started when a group of community and social workers living in Africa wanted to bridge the gap between Africa and Europe and raise funds for the poor.
Their experiences in Africa meant that they were able to put the concerns of the communities around them into context and understand the problems that the people of Africa faced on a day-to-day basis. From there they could better identify community projects that could easily succeed with just a little help.
The community and social workers proposed the idea of an alliance to their European friends - one that would prove to benefit their common cause.
Within the year, a board of trustees was established and Breadline Africa was launched in 1993.
Founder.
Louise Seligman is a founder trustee of Breadline Africa UK.<br>
Alex Chisholm is a trustee and Deputy Chair
Director.
Tim Smith (philanthropist) became the Director of Breadline Africa in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18712423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712423" title="Sea Patrol (season 3)">
Sea Patrol (season 3)

The third season of the Australian drama "Sea Patrol" premiered as Sea Patrol 3: Red Gold on the Nine Network on 18 May 2009. Principal location filming was, as in past seasons, completed in and around the area of Mission Beach, Queensland. It has an announced budget of A$17 million. The continued presence of the production in north Queensland has been hailed as "a major boon for our local film and television industry" by Rod Welford, the Queensland Minister for Education, Training and the Arts.
Sea Patrol season 3 finished filming in mid-February. The series kicked off with ET (David Lyons) being killed in a diving accident.
Sea Patrol 3 still has the Armidale Class Patrol Boat.
Two new recurring stars Blair McDonough and Jessica Napier played a married couple, Matt and Simone Robsenn who are the local dive masters. Sea Patrol season 3 premiered on 18 May 2009. It aired every Monday night on Channel 9 at 8.30.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18712428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712428" title="1994 James Hardie 12 Hour">
1994 James Hardie 12 Hour

The 1994 James Hardie 12 Hour was an endurance race for production cars held at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia on 3 April 1994.
Class structure.
The field for the event was divided into the following six classes:

</doc>
<doc id="18712458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712458" title="Nick Griffiths">
Nick Griffiths

Nicholas (Nick) David Griffiths (born 24 December 1951) is an Australian politician.
He was a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the East Metropolitan Region. 
Griffiths was born in Barry, Wales. Elected to Parliament in the 1993 state election and subsequently re-elected in the 1996, 2001 and 2005 state elections, he is a member of the Labor Party. The Griffiths family emigrated to Western Australia in 1958.
Griffiths has held several ministerial positions since entering parliament including: Shadow Attorney-General (1996–1999), Minister of Racing and Gaming (2001–2005) and Minister of Housing and Works (2003–2005). Following the 2005 election, he was elected as President of the Western Australian Legislative Council, a post which he held until 21 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18712476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712476" title="Juliana Morell">
Juliana Morell

Juliana Morell (16 February 1594 – 26 June 1653) was a Spanish Dominican nun, and the first woman to receive a Doctor of Laws degree.
Life.
Morella was born at Barcelona and was left motherless when very young; her first training was received from the Dominican nuns at Barcelona. At the age of four she began Latin, Greek, and Hebrew at home under competent teachers. When not yet seven years old, she wrote a Latin letter to her father who was away. 
Accused of taking part in a murder, the father fled to Lyon with his daughter, then eight years old. At Lyon Juliana continued her studies, devoting nine hours daily to rhetoric, dialetics, ethics, and music. At the age of twelve she defended in public her theses in ethics and dialectics "summa cum laude". She then applied herself to physics, metaphysics and canon and civil law. Her father, who had meanwhile settled at Avignon, wanted his daughter to obtain a law doctorate. This was gained in 1608, when she publicly maintained her law theses at the papal palace of the vice-legate before a distinguished audience, among whom was the Princesse de Condé. 
Morell was the first woman to receive a university degree. The first woman to receive a doctorate degree in the modern era was Stefania Wolicka, from the University of Zurich in 1875.
Disregarding wealth and an advantageous offer of marriage, she entered during the same year the convent of Sainte-Praxède at Avignon. In 1609 she received the habit of the order, and on 20 June 1610 took the vows. On three occasions she was named prioress. For two years before her end she was in great bodily suffering and her death agony lasted five days. 
In a laudatory poem Lope de Vega speaks of her "as the fourth of the Graces and the tenth Muse" and says "that she was an angel who publicly taught all the sciences from the professorial chairs and in schools".
Works.
She left a number of religious writings: 
References.
The entry cites:

</doc>
<doc id="18712492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712492" title="The Lonely Man of Faith">
The Lonely Man of Faith

The Lonely Man of Faith is a philosophical essay written by Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik, first published in the summer 1965 issue of Tradition, and published in a newly revised edition in 2011 by Koren Publishers Jerusalem.
In "The Lonely Man of Faith" Soloveitchik reads the first two chapters of Genesis as offering two images of Adam which are, in many ways, at odds with one another. The first Adam, or "majestic man," employs his creative faculties in order to master his environment as mandated by God; the second image of Adam is a distinctly different "covenantal man" who surrenders himself to the will of God. Soloveitchik describes how the man of faith must integrates both of these ideas as he seeks to follow God's will.
In the first chapter, Adam I is created together with Eve and they are given the mandate to subdue nature, master the cosmos, and transform the world "into a domain for their power and sovereignty." Adam I is majestic man who approaches the world and relationships—even with the divine—in functional, pragmatic terms. Adam I, created in the image of God, fulfills this apparently "secular" mandate by conquering the universe, imposing his knowledge, technology, and cultural institutions upon the world. The human capacity for relationship, as depicted in Genesis 1, is utilitarian, following both God's mandate and our own worldly need to develop the world for ourselves and our continuing existence.
Soloveitchik identifies the second image of Adam in chapter two of Genesis. Whereas Adam I was mandated to subdue the garden, Adam II is the "covenantal man," the keeper of the garden who tills and preserves it. This image is introduced by the words, "It is not good for man to be alone" - and through God's intervention and Adam's sacrifice (of a metaphoric rib) he gains companionship and the relief of his existential loneliness - unlike Adam I, this covenantal community requires the participation of the Divine. In the second chapter of God's creation, it is not enough for man to simply be created in his image and given a fiefdom. Adam II is "the lonely man of faith," the "redemptive Adam," bringing a "redemptive interpretation to the meaning of existence".
Soloveitchik does not declare one image of Adam to be the right one, but rather identifies the struggle we must undergo as human beings in this existence, given by God, that is both spiritual and material, mystical and scientific, redemptive yet empowered.

</doc>
<doc id="18712506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712506" title="Cherusseri Namboothiri">
Cherusseri Namboothiri

Cherusseri Namboothiri ("c." 1375 to 1475 AD) is the author of "Krishna Gatha", a poem which is used in India for daily recitation as an act of worship of Krishna during the Malayalam month Chingam (August - September) by devout Keralites.
Masterpiece.
Cherussery Namboodiri is believed to have lived between 1375 and 1475 AD. Cherussery 586 the name of his ancestral Illam (home). He was born in Kaanathoor village in Kolathunadu in Kannur Dist. in north Malabar. Many scholars think he is none other than Punathil Namboodiri.He was a court poet and dependent of Udayavarma Raja of Kolathunadu. His masterpiece is "Krishnagaathha" a long poem of epical dimensions written at the behest of the Raja. It is the first "Mahaakaavyam" in Malayalam. Udayavarma rewarded him with "Veerasrinkhala" and other honours. Some scholars think that he also wrote "Cherussery Bhaaratham". Cherussery is the originator of the "Gaathha" style of poetry in Malayalam. "Krishnagaathha" is the detailed description of the boyhood pranks of Lord Krishna based on the 10th canto of "Srimad Bhaagavatham". 
Cherusseri was known as king of poems .". The poem is considered a landmark in the development of Malayalam literature, . It describes the story of Lord krishna based on the Bhagavatham, an early Puranic text. Cherusseri was inspired by a lullaby and he followed its pattern for the composition of "Krishna Gadha". Some scholars believe that he also wrote cherusserite "Cherusseri Bharatham". But now it is proved that it was not written by the grea . 
His famous krishna gatha has 1600 lines which are devotional . The whole of this poem was written in the ' vritham ' Manjari .He was the court poet in the palace of the King Udayavarman of Kolathiri Desam.He wrote the poem according to the instruction of the king.
Cherusseri Namboothiri (1500 AD) is the author of Krishnagatha, which is used for daily recitation as an act of worship of Krishna during the Malayalam month Chingam (August - September) by the devout Keralites, especially women. The sonorous poetry Krishnagatha depicts the exploits of Lord Krishna. It is said that the author was inspired by a lullaby sung by a mother to put her child to sleep. He followed the same metrical pattern for his composition. It is in Krishna Gatha, that we see a diction, which is similar to that of the present day. The theme deals with the story of Lord Krishna. The sweet and tender aspects of maternal love are wonderfully portrayed in this work. This work has been respected by the people of Kerala similar to Ezhuttacchan’s Adyatma Ramayana (Ezhuttacchan is known as the father of modern Malayalam literature). Cherusseri’s importance lies in his clear inclination towards native tongue, by which his poetry became popular among the people of Kerala. The author of ‘Krishna Gaatha’, Cherusseri Namboothiri - is well known to Keralites. It is presumed, hailing from the Namboothiri illam (residence of Namboothiri community) known as Cherusseri or Punam in Kurumbranaatu Taluk in Northern Kerala, he lived there sometime around the year 650 in Malayalam calendar. There aren’t much details recorded in history about the life of this poet. But if his ‘Krishna Gaatha’ is studied carefully we cannot ignore the fact that Cherusseri was a poet of deep aesthetic sense. More than that, few lines in the opening stanzas clarify that he was a court poet in the palace of the king Udayavarman, who then ruled the Kolaththiri Dhesam: “ Paalaazhi maaruthan paalichchu porunna Kolathu Nathan Udhayavarman Aajnaye cholliyaal ajnanaayullava njaan Praajnaayingane bhaavichchappol”. (When the king who rules the Kolath dhesam commands, the ignorant me pretend to be a talented one…) Doesn’t these lines proclaim his position as the court poet? Cherusseri Namboothiri’s living period has been decided based on the historical record of King Udayavarman’s period of reign. Other than ‘Krishna Gaatha’, ‘Bhaaratha Gaatha’ is also considered to be Cherusseri’s composition. ‘Krishna Gaatha’ is written in a melodious metre known as ‘manjari’. As there are lengthy beautiful descriptions with lavish use of adjectives throughout the poetical work, the composition is quite interesting and enjoyable. Feelings of passion, devotion, humor, and warmth are all discovered in a superior level, singly in natural style and with equal measure. Based on ‘Bhaagavatha Puraana’, it is inexplicable as to how well the entire life of Krishna including his attainment of heaven is discussed with so much devotion in this composition. It was not with as much boldness in language, but with gentleness in language that Cherusseri won the heart of Keralites and became the pride of the soil of Kerala. Shri.Chirakkal Balakrishnan Nair had made valuable contributions in the research works regarding Cherussery Namboothiri and his works. Chirakkal Balakrishnan Nair is considered as an authoritative source in the studies on Cherussery. Chirakkal's articles has been published by Kerala Sahitya Academy ,Thrissur

</doc>
<doc id="18712524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712524" title="Chinese lacquerware table">
Chinese lacquerware table

This lacquerware table is from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). It is unique in shape and decoration and is one of the most important objects from the period. It is one of the few surviving examples in the world of a major piece of furniture produced in the 'Orchard Workshop', the Imperial lacquer workshop set up in the early Ming period and situated to the north-west of the 'Forbidden City' compound in Peking (now Beijing). The table bears the mark of the reign of the Emperor Xuande (1426-35) and was probably made to stand in an Imperial Palace. An Imperial provenance is also suggested by the five-clawed dragons carved on the surface, each of which have been strangely mutilated by the removal of one claw on each foot.

</doc>
<doc id="18712535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712535" title="Hansjürgen Reinicke">
Hansjürgen Reinicke

Hans-Jürgen Rudolf Reinicke (10 August 1902 – 29 January 1978) was a Kapitän zur See, commander of German cruiser Prinz Eugen, in the German navy during the Second World War and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Captain Reinicke was chief of staff to vice admiral Otto Ciliax during the Channel Dash, the transit of the ships of the Brest Group through the English Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18712548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712548" title="Jesper Nordin">
Jesper Nordin

Jesper Nordin, born 6 July 1971 in Stockholm, is Swedish composer. His music mixes traditional Swedish folk music, rock music, electroacoustics and improvisation. In 2002 his composition "Calm Like a Bomb" won second prize in Category B: electroacoustic music with voice or instruments in the 24th Russolo Composers Competition, and this piece was released on a CD together with music by the other prizewinners (Anon. 2003, 6). The following year he was a finalist in Category A: electroacoustic music, of the same competition (Anon. 2004, 7). He was Composer in Residence at SR P2, Swedish Radio’s serious music channel, from 2004 to 2006. "Residues", released in 2006 by Swedish Radio, has been hailed as a "milestone for contemporary music lovers" in France and as "a central album of the Swedish music from the first decade of the 21st century" in Swedish press. Nordin was given a recommendation at UNESCO's Rostrum 2005 and his music has been played at several ISCM festivals.
Performances of his orchestral music have been given throughout the world by such orchestras as the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra, the Basel Symphony Orchestra, the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra, the Trondheim Symphony Orchestra and others. He music is also performed by important contemporary ensembles, including Ensemble l’Itinerare, Ensemble Orchestral Contemporain, the Dutch ASKO ensemble, the San Francisco Contemporary Music Players, the Finnish Zagros ensemble and many others.
His music is published by Edition Peters, Moeck Verlag, Edition Suecia, Pizzicato Verlag and Swedish Music Information Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18712558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712558" title="Vol. 9">
Vol. 9

Vol. 9 or Volume 9 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18712564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712564" title="Debden Windmill">
Debden Windmill

Debden Windmill is a grade II listed Tower mill at Debden, Essex, England which has been converted to residential use.
History.
Debden Windmill was built in 1796, replacing a Post mill which stood nearby. It was insured in 1797 by William Thurgood for £500 including the going gears and stock in trade. The fantail was blown off the mill on 26 March 1882 and the cap and sails were blown off on a Sunday in October 1887. Repairs were completed by 15 March 1888. The mill was working until 1911, in which year the sails and windshaft were removed. The mill was used as a scout hut in the 1930s and was little more than a shell in the 1950s. In 1957, a new cap was fitted and the mill converted to residential use.
Description.
Debden Windmill is a four storey tower mill. When working it carried a conical cap with a gallery, winded by a fantail. The windshaft was cast iron and carried four double Patent sails which rotated clockwise. The Brake wheel was wood, driving a cast iron Wallower carried on a wooden Upright Shaft. The wooden Great Spur Wheel drove three pairs of millstones.
Millers.
References for above:-

</doc>
<doc id="18712577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712577" title="Andy Sannella">
Andy Sannella

Anthony G. "Andy" Sannella (March 11, 1900 - December 10, 1962) was an American musician and bandleader.
Sannella, who was born in Indiana, was a multiinstrumentalist; according to jazz historian John Chilton he played violin, piano, organ, clarinet, alto saxophone, guitar (preferably steel guitar), banjo and vibraphone. Occasionally he also appeared as a singer.
Early career with Ray Miller and other bandleaders.
Sannella began his musical studies on guitar and violin at the age of ten. After serving in the US Navy during World War I, Sannella spent the years 1920-1922 in Panama City working on violin and alto saxophone with various orchestras. He then settled in New York City where he played with the bands of Dan Gregory, Mike Markel and - not least - Ray Miller. With the latter orchestra Sannella seems to have made his first recordings during the years 1923-1925. On these recordings (which also feature jazz notables such as Frank Trumbauer and Miff Mole) Sannella is mainly featured on clarinet and alto saxophone, but is also heard soloing on bass clarinet on "I Can't Get The One I Want" (Brunswick 2643).
As a studio musician.
From the late 1920s onwards Sannella seems to have focused more and more on working as a studio musician rather than appearing with regular working bands. He was very much in demand and was hired by many conductors leading "house bands" for various record companies, including Nat Shilkret and Leonard Joy (both Victor Records), Ben Selvin (Columbia Records), Adrian Schubert (Banner Records and associated labels) and Bert Hirsch (Hit of the Week Records). Sannella also appears on several recordings directed by Sam Lanin, but it is not clear whether he also appeared with this orchestra on stage. In addition to working with larger orchestras Sannella also appeared with many smaller studio groups accompanying popular singers of the time such as Art Gillham, Cliff Edwards, Frank Crumit, Seger Ellis and Johnny Marvin.
In many of the orchestras listed above Sannella was working with the same basic core of fellow musicians, among these not least trumpet player Mike Mosiello, from whom Sannella seems to have been virtually inseparable during these years, and of whom he still spoke very highly in an interview shortly before his death. Amongst many other things Mosiello and Sannella (together with accordionist Charles Magnante) formed the nucleus of the prolific house band of the Grey Gull Company of Boston during the years 1926-1930. In addition to performing the popular tunes of the day Mosiello and Sannella were allowed to wax several instrumental numbers of their own, often appearing as B-sides on the company's "pop" records. On these records Sannella is mainly featured playing alto saxophone, clarinet and steel guitar, often switching between all these instruments during the same number and thus giving them a very special noticeable sound. Songs credited to Sannella himself issued by Grey Gull include "Needin' You" and "Sleeping Birds".
Recordings in his own name.
The Grey Gull records were almost always issued anonymously or under pseudonym. However, for other labels Sannella was allowed to record with bands under his own name (ranging from trios to full dance orchestras) given proper credit. Labels for which Sannella recorded under his own name included Harmony, Columbia, Okeh, Victor and Hit of the Week. For Brunswick Sannella also recorded as a steel guitar soloist, his coupling of "Sliding On The Frets" and "Blues Of The Guitar" from 1929 (Brunswick 4484) becoming a minor hit and being issued in Europe as well ("Slidin' On The Frets" has also been reissued on CD).
Apparently these recordings made Sannella's name familiar enough to make The Selmer Company, a well known manufacturer of musical instruments, use Sannella's picture in their advertising. Sannella composed "Valse Selmer" to promote the company's saxophones.
Later career: radio, theatre and television work.
Beginning with 1932 Sannella's appearances on records became increasingly rarer. Instead he was heard frequently on radio where, among other things, he directed the orchestra on a NBC show sponsored by Whitman's. From the late 1940s he also appeared regularly on TV shows for CBS. By this date Sannella was mainly performing as a pianist and organ player. He also directed a couple of shows on Broadway.
Now and then Sannella also returned to the recording studios well into the 1950s. Among his last records is an LP called "The Girl Friends" (Everest SDBR-1005, issued in 1958) where he plays standards and jazz numbers that have titles consisting of girls' names.
Andy Sannella died of a seizure on a street in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18712587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712587" title="Wu Di (film critic and historian)">
Wu Di (film critic and historian)

Wu Di (; a.k.a. Wuzhala; born 1951) is a film critic and historian based in Beijing. He is the author of the definitive history of the Cultural Revolution in the Chinese autonomous region of Inner Mongolia, as well as editor of a major collection of archival material documenting the development of the film medium in Mao Zedong’s China. He caused somewhat of a stir in Chinese academic circles in the winter of 2006-2007 when he published, in the journal "Contemporary Cinema" (《当代电影》), a powerful critique of plagiarism and declining ethical standards in China's sectors of higher education and film research. In 2007, he founded the Academic Anti-Corruption Work Office, a non-profit organization (NPO) that supports the exposure and "outing" of members of China's social science and humanities community practicing plagiarism.
In September 2008, together with He Shu, Wu Di launched the electronic journal "Remembrance" (《记忆》), currently the only PRC publication of its kind, devoted exclusively to publishing and promoting academic research on the Cultural Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18712595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712595" title="Tollmien–Schlichting wave">
Tollmien–Schlichting wave

In fluid dynamics, a Tollmien–Schlichting wave (often abbreviated T-S wave) is a streamwise instability which arises in a viscous boundary layer. It is one of the more common methods by which a laminar boundary layer transitions to turbulence. The waves are initiated when some disturbance (sound, for example) interacts with leading edge roughness in a process known as receptivity. These waves are slowly amplified as they move downstream until they may eventually grow large enough that nonlinearities take over and the flow transitions to turbulence.
These waves, originally discovered by Ludwig Prandtl, were further studied by two of his former students, Walter Tollmien and Hermann Schlichting for whom the phenomenon is named.
Physical Mechanism.
In order for a boundary layer to be absolutely unstable (have an inviscid instability), it must satisfy Rayleigh's criterion; namely
formula_1
Where formula_2 represents the y-derivative and formula_3 is the free stream velocity profile. In other words, the velocity profile must have an inflection point to be unstable.
It is clear that in a typical boundary layer with a zero pressure gradient, the flow will be unconditionally stable; however, we know from experience this is not the case and the flow does transition. It is clear, then, that viscosity must be an important factor in the instability. It can be shown using energy methods that
formula_4
The rightmost term is a viscous dissipation term and is stabilizing. The left term, however, is the Reynolds stress term and is the primary production method for instability growth. In an inviscid flow, the formula_5 and formula_6 terms are orthogonal, so the term is zero, as one would expect. However, with the addition of viscosity, the two components are no longer orthogonal and the term becomes nonzero. In this regard, viscosity is destabilizing and is the reason for the formation of T-S waves.
Transition Phenomena.
Initial Disturbance.
In a laminar boundary layer, if the initial disturbance spectrum is nearly infinitesimal and random (with no discrete frequency peaks), the initial instability will occur as two-dimensional Tollmien–Schlichting waves, travelling in the mean flow direction if compressibility is not important. However, three-dimensionality soon appears as the Tollmien–Schlichting waves rather quickly begin to show variations.
There are known to be many paths from Tollmien–Schlichting waves to turbulence, and many of them are explained by the non-linear theories of flow instability.
Final Transition.
A shear layer develops viscous instability and forms Tollmien–Schlichting waves which grow, while still laminar, into finite amplitude (1 to 2 percent of the freestream velocity) three-dimensional fluctuations in velocity and pressure to develop three-dimensional unstable waves and hairpin eddies. From then on, the process is more a breakdown than a growth. The longitudinally stretched vortices begin a cascading breakdown into smaller units, until the relevant frequencies and wave numbers are approaching randomness. Then in this diffusively fluctuating state, intense local changes occur at random times and locations in the shear layer near the wall. At the locally intense fluctuations, turbulent 'spots' are formed that burst forth in the form of growing and spreading spots — result of which is a fully turbulent state downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="18712617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712617" title="Italcar">
Italcar

Italcar is an Italian company based in Turin who produces and distributes electric vehicles. The vehicles carried by Italcar range from golf carts to utility to neighborhood electric vehicles (NEV). The products are very popular in tourism-based areas, especially among high quality hotels. The vehicles can be used for luggage, as a shuttle, maintenance, or for recreational activities like golf.

</doc>
<doc id="18712625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712625" title="Living Ornaments '79 and '80">
Living Ornaments '79 and '80

"Living Ornaments '79 and '80" is a box set by English musician Gary Numan that was released in April 1981. The box-set contains the two live albums "Living Ornaments '79" and "Living Ornaments '80" which were also released in April 1981. Although "Living Ornaments '79" and "Living Ornaments '80" only reached numbers 47 and 39 on the UK Albums Chart respectively, the box set reached number two.
Track listing.
All track written by Gary Numan.

</doc>
<doc id="18712626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712626" title="Orangi Cottage Industrial Zone">
Orangi Cottage Industrial Zone

Orangi Cottage Industrial Zone, is located in Orangi Town, in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.
The Orangi Town Cottage Industrial Zone, spread over an area of , was inaugurated in 1994. Despite the successful balloting the same year, allottees were not given possession of their plots as no development work could be carried out due to various legal issues and unauthorised occupation of land by encroachers.
The scheme was originally divided into nine blocks with a total number of 4,118 plots including 3,949 plots of 200 square yards, 140 "commercial plots" and 29 "amenity plots". The project’s total cost was estimated at Rs1.113 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18712637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712637" title="Cystometry">
Cystometry

Cystometry, also known as flow cystometry, is a clinical diagnostic procedure used to evaluate bladder function. Specifically, it measures contractile force of the bladder when voiding. The resulting chart generated from cystometric analysis is known as a cystometrogram (CMG), which plots volume of liquid emptied from bladder against intravesical pressure.
Use.
Cystometric analysis is used to evaluate the bladder's capacity to contract and expel urine. It helps determine the source of urinary problems. A normal CMG effectively rules out primary vesical dysfunction. It is used as a component for diagnosis of various disorders including urinary tract infections, multiple sclerosis, stroke, spinal cord injury, urethral obstruction, and overactive bladder, among others.
Procedure.
The procedure is relatively short, ranging from fifteen minutes to an hour in duration. It involves the insertion of one or two catheters into an emptied bladder through the urethra. In the two catheter method, one catheter transfers liquid while the other is a manometer (pressure sensor). In the single catheter method, a specialized catheter performs both functions. An additional rectal catheter may also be placed for additional data. The bladder will then be filled with saline and the patient's awareness of the event will be queried. The patient will often be asked to note when presence of liquid is felt, when the bladder feels full, and when the urgency to void is felt. The patient is then asked to void, and both flow and pressure are recorded. These are plotted against each other to create the cystometrogram.
Results.
The primary results of cystometric analysis is the cystometrogram. The x-axis is the volume of liquid and the y-axis is the intraluminal pressure of the bladder. In normal patients, the plot is a series of spikes whose local minimums form a non-linear curve resembling an exponential growth curve. The spikes correspond to the bladder contractions associated with the micturation reflex. The curve formed by the bottom of the plot reflects the level of pressure necessary to void. In normal patients, the first couple hundred milliliters of urine flow with minimal applied pressure. Increasing pressure is necessary to void 200-300 millileters of urine. Beyond that, the pressure necessary to void additional urine rises sharply.
Risks & Contraindications.
As with any catheterization, the primary risk is of urinary tract infection. As a result, the procedure is contraindicated in any patient with an active UTI because the results may be skewed and the infection may spread .
There is also the potential for trauma to the bladder and urethtra, which may result in hematuria (blood in the urine).

</doc>
<doc id="18712657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712657" title="Polymixis flavicincta">
Polymixis flavicincta

The Large Ranunculus ("Polymixis flavicincta") is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe and North Africa.
The wingspan is 40–50 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–22 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of August to November and are attracted to light.
The larvae feed on various grasses, such as mint, "Taraxacum officinale", "Senecio", Fireweed and at times even fruit bearing trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18712658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712658" title="Yahad, Israel">
Yahad, Israel

Yahad (, "lit." Together) is a small kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. It has a population of 25 families.
The kibbutz was founded in 1992 by a gar'in whose members were involved in Transcendental Meditation.

</doc>
<doc id="18712666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712666" title="Salidroside">
Salidroside

Salidroside (Rhodioloside) is a glucoside of tyrosol found in the plant "Rhodiola rosea". It is thought to be one of the compounds responsible for the antidepressant and anxiolytic actions of this plant, along with rosavin. Salidroside may be more active than rosavin, even though many commercially marketed "Rhodiola rosea" extracts are standardised for rosavin content rather than salidroside.

</doc>
<doc id="18712668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712668" title="2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship">
2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship

The 2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship was held in Liechtenstein from 16 to 26 July 2003. Players born after 1 January 1984 can participate in this competition.
Qualifications.
There were two separate rounds of qualifications held before the Final Tournament.
1. 2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship first qualifying round
2. 2003 UEFA European Under-19 Championship second qualifying round
Teams.
The eight teams that participated in the final tournament were:
Match officials.
Six referees were selected for the tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="18712687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712687" title="Alva railway station">
Alva railway station

Alva railway station was a station in the village of Alva, in the Scottish county of Clackmannanshire. The station was the terminus of a branch from Cambus on the Stirling to Dunfermline Lower line.
History.
Opened by the Alva Railway, as part of the North British Railway it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
The site, on the south side of the town, has not yet been developed.

</doc>
<doc id="18712692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712692" title="Caulkin">
Caulkin

A caulkin (or "caulk"; US spelling "calkin" or "calk") from the Latin "calx" (the heel) is a blunt projection on a horseshoe that is often forged, welded or brazed onto the shoe. The term may also refer to traction devices screwed into the bottom of a horseshoe, also commonly called shoe studs or screw-in calks. These are usually a blunt spiked cleat, usually placed at the sides of the shoe.
Use.
Caulkins or studs improve a horse's balance and grip over uneven or slippery terrain, allowing the animal to move better and jump more confidently in poor footing. Screw in calks are most often seen in speed sports, such as eventing, polo, and show jumping, although they are sometimes used for dressage. Forged caulks of various styles more often seen on race horses and on working animals such as draft horses and some packhorses and trail horses, though in some areas they are still seen on field hunters and other riding horses that have to work in all weather and require extra traction, such as police horses.
Designs.
Permanent designs.
Traditionally, the prongs of an elongated horseshoe (commonly not more than 1.75 inches or 45 mm) have tips bent at an acute angle opposite to the surface attached to the horses' hoof. Traditionally, a farrier employs a forge in hot-shoeing to heat the two heel prongs to red hot and bends them by hammering prongs over a right-angle to bend into an acute angle. Occasionally, another caulkin is on the toe of the shoe and integrally formed in the initial forging process
For a horseshoe built as a concave caulk and wedge shoe, the 2 prongs differ: one prong ends with a caulkin, and the other prong ends with a wedge (with both facing downward to the ground). That caulk/wedge horseshoe is a traditional British hunting shoe, and it has been used to provide the horse with a sure-footed grip when working at a fast pace over uneven ground. The shapes of the caulkin and the wedge have been designed to provide hoof traction, meanwhile ensuring the horse's safety is not compromised. The caulk/wedge horseshoe design has been recognised by the Worshipful Company of Farriers as being an appropriate specimen horseshoe to be used for the diploma exam.
Another way caulkins are applied is for borium to be brazed onto the surface of the shoe. Usually borium is placed at the heels and toe, either in small knobs for maximum grip, or in small rough patches for extra traction and to prevent wear on the shoe. 
Screw in calks.
For use of screw-in calks or studs, horseshoes are "tapped," or drilled, on either heel of the shoe, so that different studs may be applied as needed and changed according to the footing conditions and the type of work performed by the horse. Therefore, a horse may have a maximum of 8 studs (2 per foot). Studs come in several sizes and types.
Screw-in calks or studs are popular in sport competition because they can be changed to adapt to different terrain. However, the size and design of stud must be carefully selected, as the wrong stud will be useless and can damage the horse's legs. Too little traction, and the horse may slip and possibly fall. Too much, and the horse is jarred, as his feet cannot naturally slip (which is a shock-absorption mechanism). Additionally, the more stud used, the greater chance the shoe may be pulled off. Usually, if there is doubt, it is considered best to slightly understud. In general, the faster the pace, the larger the stud will be used. Therefore, small studs are used for dressage and lower-level jumping or eventing, and larger studs are used for polo and upper-level eventing. Studs with more of a point are used for hard ground, and those that have more circumference are used in "heavier" footing, such as thick mud. 
A hoof pick or horseshoe nail can help remove the plug prior to insertion of a screw-in stud. A special instrument called a T-tap is used to clean out the stud holes before the stud is screwed in, or it can be used to re-tap the stud hole if the threads are damaged. Additionally, a small metal brush can be used to help clean threads which are especially dirty. A wrench is used to tighten or loosen the studs.
Safety.
Caulkins forged into the shoe which are not removable pose an increased risk of injury to handler or horse should the horse step on or kick a person, itself, or another animal. When stabled, animals wearing caulkins need extra bedding to avoid abrasion when lying down and for protection while moving about in a confined area. When working, leg protection in the form of bell boots and splint boots or polo wraps may minimize the risk of injury.
Screw-in studs are often longer and sharper than permanent caulkins and thus are removed when the horse is not working. The hole for the stud is plugged with cotton, rubber plugs, or a stud blank so dirt does not ruin the threads of the hole. Due to risk of injury, horses are not shipped in studs or left unattended with studs screwed in. 
Pointed studs, such as grass studs or pointed bullets are generally placed only on the outside of the shoe, so the horse is less likely to cut himself should his foot hit one of his legs. Road stud can be used on the inside or outside of a shoe. However, the shoe should have some stud on the inside of the shoe; without it, there will be a twisting motion on the foot, which can cause a loss of shoe, and possibly strain the legs. Most riders place smaller studs on the front feet, because the horse, being a "rear-engine" animal, generally requires more traction behind.

</doc>
<doc id="18712712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712712" title="Patrick van Luijk">
Patrick van Luijk

Patrick Jermaine Herschel van Luijk (born September 17, 1984 in Spijkenisse) is a Dutch sprinter.
Biography.
Patrick van Luijk was born in 1984 out of a Dutch mother and a Jamaican father. Sports have always been the most important hobby of Van Luijk and he started with football at an early age for local team FC Bakestijn. He continued his career at Xerxes and later, when his friends joined Sparta Rotterdam he was scouted by Feyenoord and he played in their youth squads for a few years. Because he did not feel at home at Feyenoord he played for RVVH Ridderkerk for a while before joining FC Dordrecht. Because his education was suffering from all the football commitments he decided to slow down on it and focus on his school again.
He felt it was time for a change and fighting sports got his interest at first. For three years he practiced ninjutsu, but he did not know if he would feel like continuing in the sport. When his former girlfriend told him about sprinting he was unsure if another change in sports would be a smart thing. After asking several more times he finally decided to do an athletics trial with a friend in which they did all athletics disciplines from shot put to long jump and from high jump to javelin throw. The last and final event was the sprint and he was addicted straight away.
As of October 2004 he started becoming active as a sprinter, training twice a week. It didn't take him a long time to become the fastest runner at the team and this encouraged him to become better. In local meetings with other teams however he was not able to win yet and because he always wanted to win he decided to join a better team named Rotterdam Atletiek. From February 2005 he is coached by Errol Esajas and since that time he is training six times a week instead of the two times before. This resulted in his participation at the European Championships of 2006 after only being active in the sport for two years. At the European Championships he reached the final with the 4 x 100 metres relay team together with Timothy Beck, Caimin Douglas and Guus Hoogmoed. In the final they finished in eighth position with 39.64 while they had been running 38.85 in the semi final. Van Luijk also participated at the 200 metres where he was eliminated in the second round.
In 2007 Van Luijk won his first national title at the 60 metres indoor and a year later he tried to defend his title, but he came only 0.004 too short on Guus Hoogmoed to finish in second position that time. Later in 2008 he became the Dutch national champion over 100 and 200 metres outdoor, claiming his second and third title. The 4 x 100 metres relay team together with team mates Maarten Heisen, Caimin Douglas and Guus Hoogmoed (Gregory Sedoc and Virgil Spier as reserves) did qualify for the Olympics. Initially they finished in 17th position during the qualification process while only the first 16 teams would qualify, but due to the cancellation of the Australian team they were allowed to start in Beijing. In their qualification heat Heisen, Hoogmoed, Van Luijk and Douglas placed third in behind Trinidad and Tobago and Japan, but in front of Brazil. Their time of 38.87 was the fifth fastest out of all sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. In the final, the second baton change between Hoogmoed and Van Luijk failed, resulting in a slow time. They still finished the race to place seventh, before the disqualified Chinese team.

</doc>
<doc id="18712715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712715" title="John Steele Ritter">
John Steele Ritter

John Steele Ritter is an American classical keyboardist and teacher.
A graduate of the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, he went on to graduate studies at the University of Southern California. In 1963 he became Professor of Music at Pomona College, a post which he held until 1991.
From 1972-74, Ritter performed with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and in 1975 commenced his long-standing association with French flautist Jean-Pierre Rampal, when Rampal's former accompanist, Robert Veyron-Lacroix began suffering from ill health; he made a tour to Japan with Rampal. Since 1983, he has also performed with oboist Heinz Holliger.
He has recorded on several labels, and has made 11 classical CDs, some with Rampal. Currently, he is teaching as an adjunct faculty member at the College Conservatory of Music in Cincinnati, OH.

</doc>
<doc id="18712727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712727" title="Marie Lataste">
Marie Lataste

Marie Lataste (born at Mimbaste near Dax, Landes, France, 21 February 1822; died at Rennes, 10 May 1847) was a French Roman Catholic visionary, nun and writer.
Life.
She was the youngest child of pious Catholic peasants. A troublesome child, proud, ambitious, and self-contained, she was the constant subject of her mother's prayers. According to her own narrative, written under obedience, she was poor, lowly, country girl, knowing nothing but what her mother taught her.
She received a strong impression of the Divine presence, aged 11, at her first Communion. About a year after Marie saw at Mass, during the Elevation of the Host, a bright light which seemed to inflame her love for the Eucharistic Lord and to increase as that love increased. Soon she was cast into severe interior trials and temptations. Her spiritual director allowed her to make a yearly vow of virginity, and the Blessed Sacrament became the central thought of her life. 
According to her own narrative, towards the end of 1839, when she was seventeen, she saw Christ on the altar. On the Epiphany, 1840, this was repeated, and for three whole years every time she assisted at Mass this grace was granted her. Almost daily she received from the lips of Jesus instructions forming a complete spiritual and doctrinal education. She never mentioned this except to her confessor.
In 1840 M. l'Abbé Pierre Darbins succeeded M. Farbos as curé of Mimbaste. Marie revealed her soul to him. He asked the help of the director of the seminary of Dax, and they agreed to order her to put in writing everything supernatural she had heard and seen in the past, and all she might hear and see in the future. 
After many objections and delays, she obtained permission to join the Society of the Sacred Heart, recently founded, and left for Paris, 21 April 1844, alone. She was received at the Hôtel Biron by Madame de Boisbaudry, who had her examined by an experienced spiritual guide. She was admitted as laysister on 15 May. 
Still a novice she was sent to Rennes, in the hope that change of air would improve her health. Marie's vows had been postponed in the hope of an improvement in her health. But on Sunday, 9 May, she became suddenly so very ill that the end seemed near. She was allowed to pronounce her vows, just before receiving the last sacraments. 
Her remains were later taken to Roehampton, near London.
Works.
The true text has been so much interpolated by the editor that the "Works of Marie Lataste" are not considered authentic. 

</doc>
<doc id="18712733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712733" title="Edenham railway station">
Edenham railway station

Edenham railway station was a station in Edenham, Lincolnshire. It was the terminus of a four mile branch line from the Great Northern Railway at Little Bytham. The line was built and operated by the Edenham & Little Bytham Railway (E&LBR). It was opened on 8 December 1857. The station closed to passengers on 17 October 1871. Freight traffic continued until about 1884, when the line closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18712736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712736" title="Orthosia populeti">
Orthosia populeti

The Lead-coloured Drab (Orthosia populeti) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 34–40 mm. The length of the forewings is 15–17 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the beginning of March to May .
The caterpillars mainly feed on aspen.

</doc>
<doc id="18712756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712756" title="Up (The Saturdays song)">
Up (The Saturdays song)

"Up" is a song by British-Irish recording girl group The Saturdays from their debut studio album, "Chasing Lights (2008)". It was co-written by the track's producers, Josef Larossi and Andreas Romdhane of Quiz & Larossi, in collaboration with Ina Wroldsen. "Up" was first released by Fascination and Polydor Records on 12 October 2008 as the second single from "Chasing Lights". It was accompanied by a B-side entitled "Crashing Down"; originally recorded by the Nolans in 1982, and written by Benjamin Findon, Robert Puzey and Mike Myers, and produced by Jewels & Store. The Saturdays previously collaborated with Ina Wroldsen for their debut single "If This Is Love", as well as on six other tracks chosen for the album. The song is upbeat and, has prominent dance-pop and electropop genre characteristics. It contains lyrical influences from feelings of feminism and self-confidence in a personal relationship with your lover.
"Up" received mainly positive reviews from contemporary music critics. On 19 October 2008 it debuted at number five on the UK Singles Chart with sales of 26,593 in its first week of release. It became the group's second consecutive top ten hit in the United Kingdom and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry. It was The Saturdays' best-selling single at that time, with sales of over 311,000 copies in the United Kingdom alone. The single became the group's first chart hit in Ireland where it peaked at number eleven, it also reached number 15 on the European Hot 100 Singles chart.
"Up" was accompanied by a music video that was directed by Harvey B. Brown and released on 2 September 2008. The video features the group performing dance routines in their signature-coloured dress code and jumping from large pillars. The Saturdays performed the song as part of their setlist for their tour, The Work Tour. It was also performed by the group on various television programmes, including: Kids Choice Awards, "Sound" and "Everybody Loves Lil' Chris".
Popjustice ranked "Up" as the eighth best single of 2008 in its list of 'The Top 104 Singles of 2008'.
The song was also used to back television advertisements and trailers for popular American television series, "Ugly Betty".
Background.
The first studio version of "Up" premiered on Popjustice on 17 July 2008 in the form of a short clip, after the group previously performed the song, when it was being recorded, live at various gigs in the United Kingdom. The song then officially premiered in full on 31 August 2008 on BBC Radio 1.
"Up" was co-written by Josef Larossi and Andreas Romdhane of Quiz & Larossi, in collaboration with Ina Wroldsen. The song was produced by Swedish musicians Quiz & Larossi, with additional production done by Jeremy Wheatley. Additional programming and keyboards were by Fiasco. Quiz & Larossi also contributed to the track's keyboard, drum instrumentation and programming. The song was mixed by Jeremy Wheatley with the assistance of Richard Edgeler. The vocals performed by The Saturdays were recorded by Ina Wroldsen, engineered by Graham Archer and mastered by Dick Beetham.
"Up" is an upbeat bubblegum pop, dance-pop and electropop song. Its style has also been described as "electro-tinged" and "robotic disco-pop". The song has a fun and anthemic feel to it. It is 4 minutes and 4 seconds in length. The track also contains prominent siren sound effects which have been likened to the sound of Mis-Teeq's 2003 song "Scandalous". The backing is synthesised on one note throughout the whole song. Written in the key of A minor the beat of the song is set in 6/8 and progresses at an uptempo 126 beats per minute. The chorus follows an Am–F–Dm–E chord progression.
Una Healy sings both the first and second verse. While Vanessa White sings the 2 bridges, middle 8 and leads the chorus. Rochelle Wiseman sings backing vocal in Healy's second verse. Healy and Wiseman take lower harmony's in the chorus while Mollie King and Frankie Sandford who don't sing solos in the song, both take higher harmonies.
"Up" contains several travelling-themed lyrical lines which act as a metaphorical way of taking a relationship to the next level. It is descriptively influenced by feelings of feminism and self-confidence of a woman involved in a relationship that is not going anywhere. The lyrics have been interpreted by music critics to not make sense.
Critical reception.
"Up" received mainly positively reviews from contemporary music critics. It also received comparisons to music released by Girls Aloud, Mis-Teeq, Rihanna and Liberty X. The single was also described by the majority of music critics as a better song than the group's first single "If This Is Love".
Jamie Harper of musicOMH gave "Up" a mainly negative review: "[...] the verse to 'Up' sounds disturbingly like someone's pressed the 'demo' button on a keyboard. The result makes them sound like Liberty X's [...] younger sister. Elsewhere expect the standard pop formulas such as lyrics that don't really make sense, verse-chorus-verse-chorus song structure, and some actually quite nice vocal melodies."
Nick Levine from Digital Spy positively reviewed the song, saying: "[...] this quivering electropop track sounds like a smash, boasting a memorable chorus, sharp, modern production and the best use of sirens in a pop song since Mis-Teeq's 'Scandalous'. Up is where they go from here indeed." Elle J. Small of the "BBC" described "Up" as "a massive sing-along song, which should make Girls Aloud very scared indeed". "OK! Magazine" described the single as an "electro-tinged tune" and an "addictive pop anthem". Caroline Sullivan from "The Guardian" mentioned that the song was "high-quality pop" and "a delicious moment" on "Chasing Lights". Jacqui Swift from "The Sun" reviewed the track as "unstoppable stomping pop". Jon O'Brein of Allmusic said that "Up" was a "robotic disco-pop song" with "infectious quality". Johnny Dee from "Virgin Media" said that "Up" along with "If This Is Love" were the only "truly inspired pop moments" on "Chasing Lights" and that it "hints at Girls Aloud-style twisted pop slickness". Peter Hayward of musicOMH described "Up" as a "slick, sassy number baring more than a passing resemblance to Rihanna's poppier moments." Gary Ryan from "City Life" said that the "precision-tooled electropop" song surpassed the recent efforts of The Saturdays' girl group contemporaries; Sugababes and Pussycat Dolls. Lauren Murphy of Entertainment.ie described "Up" as "bleepy, murky deliciousness". Aimee Younge from Orange positively reviewed the single: "The Saturdays are back with a second, even better single. With classic '80s bubblegum pop undertones, 'Up' is a smart yet fun, catchy number that could just as easily have been recorded by Girls Aloud."
Nadia Mendoza from "The Sun" described "Up" as an "infectious, addictive pop anthem with a catchy chorus".
Popjustice described "Up" as "a world class song so brilliant that everything else is blown out of the water", further mentioning: "'Up' which, unlike 'If This Is Love', is much more than just a brilliant chorus with some other bits chucked in. What's also brilliant about the track is that although it's very excellent and very 'now' it doesn't sound like either Girls Aloud or the Sugababes, meaning that it's a song which wouldn't be released if The Saturdays didn't exist. Which in turn means the band are carving out their own little niche [...]".
Fraser McAlpine of the "BBC" gave "Up" a four out of five star rating, saying:
It's great. There's no question. It sounds like it is being sung by a team of close-harmony Rihannas [...] It's got a swing to it, and someone seems to be playing the same synth note over and over again, probably using their face, in a manner which suggests some obsessive-compulsive desire to see if it will fit all the way through, if it is played very often, and it more or less does. These are all reasons to cheer whenever the song is played on the radio.
Chart performance.
On 19 October 2008 "Up" debuted at number five on the UK Singles Chart with first week sales of 26,593. In turn outpeaking and outselling previous single "If This Is Love" which debuted at number eight with first week sales of 14,990. "Up" became The Saturdays' second consecutive top ten hit in the United Kingdom. It was the third highest new entry in its release week, debuting behind Geraldine's "The Winner's Song" which debuted at number two and Leon Jackson's "Don't Call This Love" which debuted at number three.
On 26 October 2008 the single dropped one place to number six with sales of 22,539 for that week. In its third and final week in the top ten it dropped one place to number seven with sales of 22,491 before dropping six places to number thirteen in its fourth week on the chart. On 16 November it then dropped five places to number eighteen before dropping a further four places to number twenty-two in its sixth week on the chart. In its seventh week it fell four places to number twenty-six and on 7 December it dropped three places to number twenty-nine. The song spent its ninth consecutive week in the top 40 on 14 December at number thirty-five before dropping ten places to number forty-five the following week. The single, however, re-entered the top forty a week later at number thirty-five, staying in the top forty for an additional ten weeks before dropping out on 8 March 2009. In total "Up" spent nineteen non-consecutive weeks in the top forty and thirty non-consecutive weeks within the top seventy-five of the UK Singles Chart. It is currently the longest chart-sitting single released by The Saturdays as well as the group's best selling single to-date, selling over 311,000 copies in the United Kingdom alone, although it has been reported Ego has sold over 313,000, it is expected Up has sold over that since Up's last sales report was January 2010.
"Up" became The Saturdays' first chart hit in Ireland, it debuted at number fifteen on 16 October 2008. It was the third highest new entry of the week, behind The Saw Doctors' "About You Now" which debuted at number one and Leon Jackson's "Don't Call This Love" which debuted at number eight. In its second week on the chart it climbed four places to number eleven, where it peaked for one week. On 30 October it dropped two places to number thirteen and in its fourth week on the chart it dropped a further places to number fifteen. "Up" then dropped six places to number twenty-one on 13 November and on its sixth week in the chart it rebounded to climb one place to number twenty. The single dropped four places to number twenty-four on 27 November and then a further seven places to number thirty-one on 11 December. On its ninth week on the chart it fell four places to number thirty-five and the following week it dropped a further four places to number thirty-nine. Altogether it spent a total of twenty-four weeks within the chart's top fifty.
The single also garnered charting success for the group in Europe, where it reached number fifteen on the European Hot 100 Singles chart, becoming The Saturdays' second consecutive top forty hit on this chart.
Music video.
The music video for "Up" was directed by Harvey B. Brown, director of the music video for the group's previous single "If This Is Love". The video was shot on 30 July 2008. Shots from the video leaked onto the internet on 8 August 2008. The video later premiered on 2 September on Yahoo!
Healy described that she felt dizzy shooting the scene on the turntable, saying it was "like being on a merry-go-round". Wind machines were used in the shooting of the video.
At the start of the video, The Saturdays are seen doing fast-like robot dancing. Then the women are seen walking onto platforms which go up into the air. The Saturdays have different colour mics to match the colour of their tights which they are wearing, Sandford wears orange, which her mic is orange also, Healy wears blue, same as her mic, Wiseman has a red mic, which matches her clothing custume, King yellow and White pink, but all of the group are wearing different types of black dresses, and black high heels. They all have matching colour accessories, to match their tights and mics, e.g. rings, bags and sunglasses. They all do the same dance routine, while together on the music video. On the music video there are platforms which go up into the air, and The Saturdays are seen jumping onto them, while they are moving. As the chorus breaks in and says "I'm ready for the lift up, Keep steady beat," the girl-group are standing on the platforms been took up into the sky. As the lyrics state "Cus I'm ready for the big jump, Keep up with me," Una is seen jumping from one of the platforms which is going up, to another. King and Sandford are seen falling as they have missed one of the platforms, but in the lyrics it states that we are going to go on and will leave them, but they finally find another platform and jump onto it and go back up to catch up to the other girls. Then later The Saturdays are seen throwing and dropping things off the platforms, which you see falling later on in the video, e.g. gloves, bags and coats. The ending of the video is how the video started.
Live performances.
The Saturdays started promoting "Up" on various television programmes in September 2008 when the group performed "Up" live at the 2008 Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards. On 4 October 2008 the single was performed by the girl band on "BBC" television series "Sound" where the group also did an interview. "Up" was then performed on Channel 4 show "Everybody Loves Lil' Chris" on 10 October and then again "GMTV" on 11 October 2008. The Saturdays performed "Up" on British breakfast television series "This Morning" on 27 October 2008; Sandford was undergoing appendix surgery at the time and therefore was not present at this particular performance.
On 3 January 2009, the group performed the song along with "If This Is Love" and "Issues" at G-A-Y. The girls wore sequined miniskirts and big hair during the performance. The dance routine was described as "hot" by Larry Meyler of "The Sun", Meyler went on to say: "[...] if this live show and the crowd's raucous reaction was anything to go by, the feisty fivesome are taking a first class ride on the pop train to super stardom with no looking back."
"Up" featured as the setlist closing performance in the group's first solo tour, The Work Tour. They performed it at twenty-six different venues in the United Kingdom and The Philippines between June and August 2009. During their performance, the group wears different coloured glitter outfits. Catrin Pascoe of the "Western Mail" positively reviewed a performance of the song on the tour, mentioning: "[...] they got me up on my feet dancing and singing along. [...] for their biggest performance yet, the five girls did themselves proud, leaving me wishing they needed a sixth member."
The Saturdays performed Up along with their current single 30 Days at Birmingham Pride on 2 June 2012.
Formats and track listings.
These are the formats and track listings for the major single releases of "Up":

</doc>
<doc id="18712758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712758" title="Nemanja Nikolić (footballer born 1988)">
Nemanja Nikolić (footballer born 1988)

Nemanja Nikolić (, born 1 January 1988) is a Montenegrin international football midfielder playing for Dinamo Minsk.
Club career.
Born in Titograd, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia, (now Podgorica) he begin playing in the youth teams of Red Star Belgrade. His debut as a senior happened in 2006 when he played on loan with FK Zlatibor Voda in the Serbian League Vojvodina. In the following season he moved to Montenegro where he represented OFK Grbalj in the Montenegrin First League.
In summer 2008 he returned and joined the first team of Red Star Belgrade making his debut in the 2008–09 Serbian SuperLiga. After playing two seasons with Red Star, in summer 2010 he accepted a loan to another SuperLiga side, FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda. At the end of the season he left Red Star and joined OFK Beograd.
International career.
Nemanja Nikolić represented the Montengrin U-21 team before debuting for the Montenegro national football team in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18712759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712759" title="Audrey Hall">
Audrey Hall

Audrey Hall (born c.1948, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae singer.
Biography.
Hall began her career singing with Dandy Livingstone in the duo Dandy & Audrey. They recorded the song "Morning Side of the Mountain" in 1969, the success of which led to an album of the same name. They released a second album on the Trojan label, "I Need You". Livingstone also produced Hall's early solo recordings for his Downtown label. Hall worked as a backing singer through much of the 1970s and early 1980s alongside her sister Pam, including on Jimmy Cliff's "Give The People What They Want", and Peter Tosh's "Mama Africa", but she made a comeback as a solo artist in 1985 with "One Dance Won't Do", an answer record to Beres Hammond's "What One Dance Can Do", produced by Donovan Germain, which took her into the UK top 20. This was followed up by "Smile" in 1986, which repeated her UK chart success and gave her her biggest hit, and "The Best Thing For Me". In 1986, she returned to recording duets, with "Heart Made of Stone" and the album "Dynamic Duo", recorded with former Paragon Don Evans. She continued to work with Germain, recording for his "Germain" and "Penthouse" labels, and released the album "Reggae Zones" in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18712786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712786" title="Orthosia incerta">
Orthosia incerta

The Clouded Drab "(Orthosia incerta)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of February to mid May .
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs, mainly oak.

</doc>
<doc id="18712823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712823" title="Fatimid art">
Fatimid art

Fatimid art refers to Islamic artifacts and architecture from the Fatimid Caliphate (909-1171), principally in Egypt and North Africa. The Fatimid Caliphate was initially established in the Mahgreb, with its roots in a ninth-century Shia Ismailist religious movement originating in Iraq and Iran. Many monuments survive in the Fatimid cities founded in North Africa, starting with Mahdia, on the Tunisian coast, the principal city prior to the conquest of Egypt in 969 and the building of "al-Qahira", the "City Victorious", now part of modern day Cairo. The period was marked by a prosperity amongst the upper echelons, manifested in the creation of opulent and finely wrought objects in the decorative arts, including carved rock crystal, lustreware and other ceramics, wood and ivory carving, gold jewelry and other metalware, textiles, books and coinage. These items not only reflected personal wealth, but were used as gifts to curry favour abroad. The most precious and valuable objects were amassed in the caliphal palaces in al-Qahira. In the 1060s, following several years of drought during which the armies received no payment, the palaces were systematically looted, the libraries largely destroyed, precious gold objects melted down, with a few of the treasures dispersed across the medieval Christian world. Afterwards Fatimid artifacts continued to be made in the same style, but were adapted to a larger populace using less precious materials. 
Rock crystal ewers.
Rock crystal ewers are pitchers carved from a single block of rock crystal. They were made by Islamic Fatimid artisans and are considered to be amongst the rarest objects in Islamic art. There are a few that survived and are now in collections across Europe. They are often in cathedral treasuries, where they were rededicated after being captured from their original Islamic settings. Made in Egypt in the late 10th century, the ewer pictured is exquisitely decorated with fantastic birds, beasts and twisting tendrils. The Treasure of Caliph Mostansir-Billah at Cairo, which was destroyed in 1062, apparently contained 1800 rock crystal vessels. 
Great skill was required to hollow out the raw rock crystal without breaking it and to carve the delicate, often very shallow, decoration.
Fatimid architecture.
In architecture, the Fatimids followed Tulunid techniques and used similar materials, but also developed those of their own. In Cairo, their first congregational mosque was al-Azhar mosque ("the splendid") founded along with the city (969–973), which, together with its adjacent institution of higher learning (al-Azhar University), became the spiritual center for Ismaili Shia. The Mosque of al-Hakim (r. 996–1013), an important example of Fatimid architecture and architectural decoration, played a critical role in Fatimid ceremonial and procession, which emphasized the religious and political role of the Fatimid caliph. Besides elaborate funerary monuments, other surviving Fatimid structures include the Aqmar Mosque (1125) as well as the monumental gates for Cairo's city walls commissioned by the powerful Fatimid emir and vizier Badr al-Jamali (r. 1073–1094).
References.
History of art
History

</doc>
<doc id="18712826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712826" title="Orthosia miniosa">
Orthosia miniosa

The Blossom Underwing "(Orthosia miniosa)" is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 31–36 mm. The length of the forewings is 15–17 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of March to mid May .
The larvae feed on various trees and shrubs, mainly oak.

</doc>
<doc id="18712865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712865" title="Mary Howard, of the Holy Cross">
Mary Howard, of the Holy Cross

Mary Howard, of the Holy Cross (born 28 December 1653; died at Rouen, 21 March 1735) was an English nun of the Poor Clares.
Life.
She was a daughter of Sir Robert Howard, a younger son of Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Berkshire, in whose home Mary's early youth was spent. At the age of eighteen, to escape the attentions of Charles II of England, she went to Paris, under the assumed name of Talbot, and was placed in the Benedictine convent of Val de Grace to learn French.
Here she was received into the Catholic Church, a step which brought her into disfavour with Lady Osborne, her guardian in Paris. Remaining staunch, she was finally permitted to retire to the convent of the Canonesses of St. Augustine at Chaillot, near Paris, where she remained several years, until her admission into the English convent of Poor Clares at Rouen, under the name of Parnel, to safeguard further the secret of her identity.
Here she was made successively mistress of the choir, second and first portress, the latter a position involving the management of the temporal affairs of the convent, and in 1702, on the resignation of Mother Winefrid Clare Giffard, abbess since 1670, she became abbess of the community.
Works.
Her "Chief Points of our Holy Ceremonies " was published in 1726. Her other works, all in manuscript, are chiefly books of spiritual exercises, litanies, and other devotions.

</doc>
<doc id="18712869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712869" title="Orthosia cruda">
Orthosia cruda

The Small Quaker "(Orthosia cruda)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe, Morocco, Algeria, Tunisia, Turkey, the Caucasus, Transcaucasia en Kazakhstan, Israel, Lebanon, Cyprus and Jordan.
The wingspan is 28–32 mm. The moth flies in one generation from the end of February to mid May .
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, such as oak and willow.

</doc>
<doc id="18712873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712873" title="Battle of Al Faw (2003)">
Battle of Al Faw (2003)

The Battle of Al Faw was one of the first battles of the Iraq War. One of the initial objectives of the Coalition campaign in Iraq was to capture the Gas and Oil Platforms ("GOPLATs") in the Al-Faw Peninsula intact before it could be sabotaged or destroyed by the Iraqi military. This would prevent an ecological disaster similar to the 1991 Gulf War and enable a quicker resumption of oil exports which was vital to the rebuilding of Iraq after the war.
The British Royal Marines' 3 Commando Brigade would also capture Umm Qasr at the same time so that its only deep water port in Iraq could be used to bring in humanitarian supplies once the Khawr Abd Allah waterway was cleared by the Mine Counter Measures Task group. The United States Marine Corps placed 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit under the command of 3 Commando Brigade so that the Brigade had the necessary force to capture both targets.
Order of Battle.
Coalition forces
The Assault.
March 20.
Following days of bad weather, the assault on Al Faw was set for 2200 hours (local time) on 20 March 2003. US gunships and fighter-bombers attacked the known enemy positions on the peninsula in a short bombardment prior to the operation. In a classic airborne night assault, the 40 Commando and US marines landed by helicopter, encountering light resistance. They captured their three strategic objectives without loss and capturing over 200 prisoners.
At the same time, air and sea landings secured the gas and oil platforms out at sea. SEAL Teams 8 and 10 captured the Mina Al Bakr Oil Terminal and Polish GROM commandos captured the Khor Al-Amaya Oil Terminal. 32 Iraqi prisoners were also captured. Explosive Ordnance Disposal were then landed on the platforms to search for and remove explosive booby traps and demolition charges.
A second assault by 42 Commando followed at 2225 hours. The second assault was preceded by artillery and naval bombardment, the artillery fire came from three British and one US artillery batteries positioned on Bubiyan Island, the naval component from HMS "Richmond", HMS "Marlborough", HMS "Chatham" and HMAS "Anzac". The Marines were preceded by USMC AH-1 Cobra helicopters gunships and flown in by USMC helicopters to land just north of the town of Al Faw, destroying enemy artillery which could threaten the oil infrastructure and 40 Commando's flank.
The insertion began badly with appalling visibility, worsened by fires and sand. The Headquarters of the Brigade Reconnaissance Force crashed in a US CH-46 Sea Knight as the assault formation turned over the Brigade assembly area, killing the seven Royal Marines, one Royal Navy operator and four US marine Corps aviators aboard. The cloud base dropped even further and the insertion was aborted. A new insertion was planned, using RAF Chinook and Puma helicopters for dawn. The landings finally took place, six hours late and onto insecure landing zones, all the objectives were taken and secured.
March 21.
15 MEU crossed the Iraq-Kuwait border in the early hours of the morning, bypassing the town of Umm Qasr and seizing the port.
Plans to land British armour by hovercraft were abandoned once engineers discovered extensive mining of the beaches near Al Faw which posed too great a danger to heavy U.S. Navy hovercraft carrying UK Scimitars. The Scimitars of C Squadron Queen's Dragoon Guards, which had been loaded Hovercraft aboard the USS "Rushmore" for the landing were instead landing back in Kuwait and finally crossed the waterway north of Umm Qasr twenty-four hours late. They then took up their positions on the salt marshes south of Basrah.
March 22.
Fedayeen Saddam paramilitaries continued scattered fighting around Umm Qasr. Two Royal Navy Sea King helicopters collided, killing 7 people.
March 23.
15 MEU achieved their main objectives of securing Umm Qasr ahead of schedule, within 48 hours of crossing the Iraqi border. They then pushed north along the west bank of the Khawr Abd Allah waterway encountering stiff resistance from Fedayeen Saddam.
March 24.
An Iraqi armoured brigade attempted a counterattack on Al Faw. It was engaged and repelled by 40 Commando with many Iraqi armoured vehicles destroyed.
With the route to Umm Qasr declared safe and the Al Faw Peninsula largely in Coalition hands, this allowed the British 7th Armoured Brigade to press on to Basrah and US forces to advance on Baghdad without the threat of Iraqi forces near Basrah flanking through Al Faq and attacking Coalition supply lines.

</doc>
<doc id="18712894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712894" title="Continuity (broadcasting)">
Continuity (broadcasting)

Continuity or presentation (or station break in the U.S.) is a term used in broadcasting to refer to announcements, messages and graphics played by the broadcaster between specific programmes. It typically includes programme schedules, announcement of the programme immediately following and trailers or descriptions of forthcoming programmes. Continuity can be spoken by an announcer or displayed in text over graphics. On television continuity generally coincides with a display of the broadcaster's logo or ident. Advertisements are generally not considered part of continuity. 
A continuity announcer is a broadcaster whose voice (and, in some cases, face) appears between radio or television programmes to give programme information. Continuity announcers tell viewers and listeners which channel they are watching or listening to at the moment (or which station they are tuned to), what they are about to see (or hear), and what they could be watching (or listening to) if you changed to a different channel operated by the broadcaster. At the end of programmes, they may read out information about the previous programme, for example who presented and produced it, relay information or merchandise relating to the show, or to provide details of organisations who may offer support in relation to a storyline or issue raised in the programme. Continuity announcers may also play music during intervals and give details of programmes later in the day. If there is a breakdown, they make any necessary announcements and often play music for its duration.
Usage.
Television.
Television continuity announcements typically take one of two forms:
Currently, the following European television channels use in-vision announcers:
Radio.
With most radio stations now broadcasting only music, few networks retain continuity announcers. Exceptions include talk stations such as National Public Radio in the United States, BBC Radio 4 and the BBC World Service in the UK and Swedish SR P1 : in the case of Radio 4 they have the extra tasks of reading the Shipping Forecasts and gale warnings. Many double up as newsreaders.
Continuity around the world.
Canada.
In Canada, CBC Television used in-vision announcers to 'host' primetime programming from 2001 to 2006. As the credits rolled, the announcer would describe upcoming episodes of the series, then introduce the next program at the top of the hour. The evening's host changed daily. Usually, the host was appearing in a major upcoming program the same week, giving the appearance that the host is promoting not only the next program in the evening but his or her own upcoming show. Sometimes CBC Radio newcasters or program hosts would appear as the evening TV hosts. The initiative, sometimes known as "Hosted Prime", only covered the CBC's core evening block (8:00 to 10:00 p.m. local) as opposed to programs in the 7:00 hour, and would not normally appear during the summer.
CBC Radio One has used continuity announcers in recent years. Originally, a number of staff announcers shared the duties, however, in 2004, the service began employing actress Shauna MacDonald as its primary continuity announcer. Her identity remained a secret for more than a year, leading her to be dubbed "Promo Girl". MacDonald has since been replaced by Jeremy Harris, serving in a similar capacity for both Radio One and Radio 2.
Omni Television in Toronto has used in-vision continuity announcers for the past 10 years or so. These "interstitial" segments fill in the time left in programming due to the different break structure of American TV programming, that cannot be filled by commercials in Canada due to Canadian broadcast regulations regarding the number of minutes of commercials allowable per hour. The segments range from 30 seconds to 2 minutes, and in addition to announcing the station and the programs coming up, the announcers will talk about other programming, station contests, quirky news or celebrity gossip.
Continuity announcements on Citytv have been voiced by actor Dan Aykroyd and journalist Mark Dailey.
Other Canadian stations will fill this time in by a news update or a teaser about news stories.
Flanders, Belgium.
één, VRT's main television station in the Flanders region of Belgium uses a team of five staff announcers, who perform in-vision and out-of-vision continuity links. VRT's children's station, Ketnet, also utilises in-vision continuity with announcing staff known on-air as "Ketnetwrappers". As opposed to één and Ketnet, the highbrow station Canvas uses live out-of-vision announcers.
vtm, the main commercial television channel in Flanders, uses live out-of-vision announcers. The station utilised in-vision continuity until January 2008. "vtm"'s sister station, "2BE", only utilises pre-recorded voiceovers.
Both of SBS Belgium's television stations, VIER and VIJF no longer use any continuity announcers following the rebranding of the networks from VT4 and VIJFtv.
China.
CCTV had offered in-vision continuity. However, this kind of segment has been withdrawn in recent years.
Germany.
In German television, in-vision continuity has been withdrawn until the mid-1990s. Some stations still use pre-recorded voiceovers. 
Ireland.
All domestic terrestrial channels in Ireland make use of continuity announcers, mainly to introduce programmes, promote forthcoming programmes, provide information relating to the programme just broadcast and, in the case of stations with sister channels, cross-promote programmes on the other channel (such as linking between RTÉ One and Two, or TV3 and 3e).
RTÉ One used in-vision continuity announcers until at least 2000. and in-vision continuity was briefly reprised in the late 1990s for overnight programmes.
RTÉ Two used in-vision continuity announcers from its launch in November 1978 to at least 1986. In-vision continuity links were reprised on the channel, then known as Network 2, during the evening schedule, from 1997 to 2001.
From January 2008, the daytime schedule on TV3 launched with two new in-vision continuity annnouncers, Conor Clear and Andrea Hayes.
TG4 makes regular use of in-vision continuity during its evening schedule. Currently, TG4 employ six continuity announcers:
The station's announcers also present weather forecasts in-vision, and often mention forthcoming programmes during the weather bulletins.
Italy.
Continuity announcers still appear in-vision on the three main RAI channels, where female continuity announcers are known as "signorine buonasera" (or 'good evening ladies'), although their role is much more marginal than it used to be. Past continuity announcers such as Nicoletta Orsomando or Rosanna Vaudetti are regarded today as cultural icons of the 1960s, particularly because of their impeccable elegance and perfect pronunciation of Italian. Since 2003, all in-vision links on Rai Uno, Rai Due and Rai Tre have been pre-recorded by a smaller team of station announcers.
Rai Uno
Rai Due
Rai Tre
Other Italian channels such as Retequattro, Canale 5 and Italia 1 also used their own team of "signorine buonasera" in the 1980s and 1990s.
Japan.
In Japan, NHK offers in-vision continuity segments on their TV services.
North Korea.
Korean Central Television still offers in-vision continuity.
Sweden.
In Sweden, a continuity announcer (or "programme presenter") is informally known as a "hallåa", which roughly means "helloer". This comes from the early days of radio when the main station in Stockholm contacted the other stations around the country by calling "hallå, hallå". Continuity announcers have been present on Swedish public television since November 1957. Initially, Sveriges Radio employed a team of both male and female announcers, but in the 1960s, the announcers became almost solely female. Male announcers returned in the 1970s.
Both Kanal 1 and TV2, as well as the educational television service UR, continued to use in-vision announcers from the 1970s through to the 1990s, except for a few years in the early nineties when Kanal 1 (now SVT1) switched to out-of-vision continuity. In a cost-cutting exercise, SVT decided to drop live in-vision announcing from SVT2 in January 2005 and introduced pre-recorded voice-overs by SVT's announcing staff. The educational broadcaster UR dropped in-vision announcers by the end of 2006. A further review of SVT presentation led to the end of in-vision continuity on SVT1 on Sunday 4 March 2012. All SVT stations now use out-of-vision announcers.
The largest commercial channel, TV4 has utilised in-vision announcers since it began broadcasting in 1990. Most other commercial channels broadcast from London and use out-of-vision announcers. Private channels with out-of-vision announcers include TV3, Kanal 5, TV6, Kanal 9 and TV4 Plus.
Southeast Asia.
Today, in-vision announcers are used in Southeast Asia, especially in Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam.
This list is Southeast Asian channels still using in-vision announcers:
Taiwan.
Pre-recorded continuity announcements are offered on the TV channels in Taiwan.
United Kingdom.
Continuity is used heavily in the United Kingdom. In general, continuity announcers are broadcast live on terrestrial television channels (BBC One, etc.), whereas pre-recorded announcements are used most of the time on digital and satellite channels.
See also.
See bumper music for a similarly functioning idea used in talk radio in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18712900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712900" title="ZR">
ZR

ZR, Zr, or zr may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18712922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712922" title="Candy Chu">
Candy Chu

Candy Chu is a Hong Kong actress for the popular Hong Kong TVB television station.
Career.
Chu entered Miss Hong Kong pagent in 2000, she was 24 years old when entering the pageant.
Her goal is to become a successful actress.
Her roles in TVB are minor, but she hopes one day she will have bigger roles to act in.

</doc>
<doc id="18712923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712923" title="Alexandra Kelly">
Alexandra Kelly

Alexandra Kelly is the founder and former managing director of UK pre-employment screening company, Powerchex, and formally the MD of HireRight's background screening operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). 
Alexandra was born and raised in Greece and moved to the USA aged 25 to study for an MBA at one of the top business schools. She arrived in the UK in 2000 - interrupting a round the world sailing trip with her husband - after discovering she was expecting their first child.
In 2005 she started Powerchex, a pre-employment screening firm specifically targeted at the London financial sector. Seeking investment, she went to face the BBC’s Dragons' Den to pitch her business. The Dragons rejected her idea and said it couldn’t be done. Alexandra decided to go for it on her own, hired one employee and found a small office. On June 23 2010, California based HireRight Inc., a U.S. background screening company, announced that it had acquired Powerchex, with Alexandra being made Managing Director of HireRight's background screening operations in the EMEA region.
In 2007 she won 'Business Person of the Year' in the Thames Gateway Business Awards, whilst also guiding Powerchex to awards for 'Growth Business' and 'Business of the Year'. In 2008 Powerchex was awarded the NatWest Thames Gateway Business of the Year. In 2009, Powerchex won the DBC & East London Chamber of Commerce Business of the Year award.
Kelly was profiled in UK newspaper The Financial Times explaining the processes behind Powerchex and where she attributes her success. In August 2009 she was interviewed on BBC News about research which found that the number of job applicants lying on their CVs has been increasing since the beginning of the recession.

</doc>
<doc id="18712994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18712994" title="Eastern mudminnow">
Eastern mudminnow

The eastern mudminnow, "Umbra pygmaea", is a freshwater fish of eastern North America, reaching a length of up to 15 cm. It ranges from New York state south to Florida, and west to Georgia. It is an elongate, stout-bodied fish, brown or yellow-green in color, with dark, narrow, lateral stripes. It is generally found in still or slow-moving waters, often in dense vegetation. It feeds primarily on insect larvae and other small aquatic invertebrates.

</doc>
<doc id="18713023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713023" title="Horisme tersata">
Horisme tersata

The Fern "(Horisme tersata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 31–36 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–18 mm. The moths fly in one or two generations from May to August. .
The larva feed on Clematis vitalba.

</doc>
<doc id="18713024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713024" title="Richard Marois">
Richard Marois

Richard Marois is a Quebec environmentalist and current president of the Conseil régional de l’environnement de la Montérégie and vice-president of communications for the Conseils régionaux en environnement du Québec.
Richard Marois ran as the New Democratic Party candidate in the 2008 Canadian federal election in Saint-Lambert and finished in fourth with 6,280 votes (14.5%). At the following convention of the Quebec section of the NPD, he's been elected organisation director.
As president of the Conseil régional de l'environnement, he became prominent when the Îles de Boucherville were slated for condominium development. He led the charge to stop this development and was able to add the targeted land, next to the Îles-de-Boucherville National Park, in a land reserve for environmental protection.
An important issue in his campaign is the improvement of public transit to the South Shore. He has also criticized plans to put in tolls on bridges connecting the South Shore to downtown Montreal, as has been supported by the Bloc Québécois' candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="18713030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713030" title="Drug pipeline">
Drug pipeline

A drug pipeline is the set of drug candidates that a pharmaceutical company has under discovery or development at any given point in time.
This involves various phases that can broadly be grouped in 4 stages: discovery, pre-clinical, clinical trials and marketing (or post-approval). Pharmaceutical companies usually have a number of compounds in their pipelines.
The drug pipeline is an important indicator of the value and future prospects of a company. Usually the more compounds in the pipeline, and the more advanced stage that these are in the better.
Other factors that are taken into account when assessing the value of a pipeline include the size of the target market of each drug, the market share that the drug is expected to capture and the risk that it will not be approved.
The cost of developing a new drug is astronomical – typically a drug costs many hundreds of millions and can reach 1 billion dollars over 15–17 years. Assessing this risk and filtering out as early as possible compounds that may not eventually get approved is essential to the pharmaceutical industry and involves checking the effectiveness of drugs as well as the likelihood of toxic events (Adverse event prediction).

</doc>
<doc id="18713082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713082" title="H10 Hotels">
H10 Hotels

H10 Hotels is a hotel chain with head offices in Barcelona that has been in operation since the late 60s when its founder, Josep Espelt, opened his first hotel on the Costa Daurada. The chain currently has 43 hotels in 16 destinations, comprising a total of more than 11,900 rooms, most of them owned by the company.
H10 Hotels is Spain's eighth biggest hotel company (Source: Hosteltur 2013) and is currently growing both within Spain, where it has 35 hotels, and internationally, where it has 8 establishments. At the international level, the chain aims to continue its expansion in the capital cities of Europe, where it already has hotels in Rome, London and Berlin, in addition to the Caribbean, with establishments in Punta Cana, Riviera Maya and Cuba.
Most of H10 Hotels' portfolio consists of 4-star establishments (74%), followed by 5-star (20%) and 3-star (6%) establishments.
H10 Hotels is known for its excellent locations, specialised services that cater to all types of guests, carefully-selected cuisine and facilities that are constantly refurbished to guarantee the highest levels of quality.
The chain has received a large number of awards and recognitions over the years, both from international tour operators and from websites such as TripAdvisor and HolidayCheck, where guests rate hotels according to their own experiences.
External links.
Official Website of H10 Hotels
Ocean Hotels

</doc>
<doc id="18713112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713112" title="R17">
R17

R17 may refer to :
R-17 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18713116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713116" title="Cleorodes lichenaria">
Cleorodes lichenaria

The Brussels Lace "(Cleorodes lichenaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 31–38 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–18 mm. The moths fly in one generation from June to August. .
The larvae feed on lichens.

</doc>
<doc id="18713130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713130" title="Biovista">
Biovista

Biovista Inc. is a private drug development services company based in Charlottesville, Virginia, USA. Biovista's core business activities include Drug repositioning and drug de-risking as well as disease cohort analysis, adverse event prediction and clinical hold analysis services. Biovista is also applying its technology platform to develop its own drug repositioning programs in the areas of central nervous system (CNS), diabetes/obesity, eye disorders, and oncology.
Biovista is an active participant of European Union co-funded R&D projects spanning areas such as post-genomic clinical trials research (ACGT project), mutant mouse models for the investigation of Human Immunological Disease (MUGEN project), semantic annotation and ontology driven text mining (PARMENIDES project) and systematic knowledge discovery (ESPERONTO Project).
Technology.
The company derisks and repositions drugs using multidimensional profiles of pharmacologically relevant entities such as genes, diseases, drugs, pathways and cell types, to identify and rank potential adverse events and new indications for drugs in development, on the market, or generics.
Biovista is also creating software-based tools and services for Reagent companies, researchers in the Life sciences and the consumer and patient health areas. 
Biovista's technology platform is based on the analysis and integration of Biomedical information available in the scientific literature using Biomedical text mining techniques. Pharmacologically-relevant areas include drug toxicity, drug mode of action, disease mechanisms and biological system interactions.
Biovista Inc.’s technology platform integrates literature-based discovery algorithms with Semantic search technologies to identify and rank potential solutions to a variety of drug development related problems such as predicting the adverse events of compounds, identifying suitable biomarkers for diseases and discovering new indications for existing drugs or drug combinations.
Biovista’s correlation engine scans potential interactions between pharmacologically relevant entities resulting in a correlation database. The database itself is based on a proprietary design that combines the Relational database management system (RDBMS) model with the Object-Oriented model allowing researchers to obtain preliminary answers in weeks rather than years.
In January 2010, Biovista announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has licensed its technology platform to help analyze, identify, and better understand the way certain drugs can cause harmful side effects. Since the beginning of 2009, Biovista has started its own drug development programs based on repositioned compounds in CNS diseases, such as Multiple sclerosis and Epilepsy.

</doc>
<doc id="18713139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713139" title="SK Njård">
SK Njård

SK Njård is a Norwegian multi-sports club from Vestre Aker, Oslo. It is named after Njörðr in Norse mythology.
Founded in 1924, it has sections for alpine skiing, fencing, team handball, cross-country skiing, tennis, gymnastics and rhythmic gymnastics, orienteering together with IL Heming (as Heming/Njård), and has also had sections for bandy and basketball. Its arena Njårdhallen is used for indoor sports.
Its women's handball team plays in the highest Norwegian league. Their most famous player was goalkeeper Jeanette Nilsen. Skiers in Njård include Celine Brun-Lie. Also, 2008 Olympic fencer Sturla Torkildsen represents the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18713142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713142" title="Windygates">
Windygates

Windygates is a small district in central Fife, Scotland.
It encompasses the villages hamlets and estates of Wellsgreen Farm, Little Lun Farm, Woodbank Farm, The Maw (a former farming community), Cameron, Isabella, Smithyhill, Cameronbridge, Bridgend, Durie Estate, Duniface Farm, Haughmill (a former weaving community), Drumcaldie, The Meetings (Confluence of Rivers Leven and Ore), Bankhead of Balcurvie, Fernhill, Fernbank (both former farms), Balcurvie Village (a former weaving community), Little Balcurvie, Hawthorn Bank, Kennowayburns and Windygates Village itself. Housing demands of the 20th century brought all of these, almost forgotten identities, together into a district now commonly known as Windygates. 
Today 'Windygates' is situated along the A911 road after its sister village Milton of Balgonie, the A915 after 'Grahams Folly' Wood and the A916 after Kennoway.
Windygates is home to TV personality Gary Brown (G Broon) star of RBS television advertisements. Gary is well known in the village and often enjoys an ale in the local public house called 'The Auld Hoose'

</doc>
<doc id="18713169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713169" title="China Bomb">
China Bomb

China Bomb is a near-future novel written by Richard Tregaskis. It follows the exploits of an elite U.S. attack force in their planning and efforts to thwart an attack by the Communist Chinese on the U.S. Seventh Fleet. On the island of Hainan, the Chinese have constructed a powerful H-bomb, which they plan to drop within a matter of days after American spy sources have found out about it. The attack team has to be assembled and sent off by submarine to Hainan to destroy the bomb before it is dropped. In addition, the President of the United States has to out-fox a recalcitrant senator who disapproves of covert activities.
Publishing data: Hardback: Ives Washburn: New York; 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18713185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713185" title="Randy Laine">
Randy Laine

Randy Laine (born Elliott Randolph Laine on July 17, 1952 in North Carolina) is an American big-wave surfer, co-pioneer of tow-in surfing, extreme watersports athlete, celebrity-enthusiast, television personality, commercial product endorser and spokesman, and on occasion a men's fashion and action-sports model. Laine is considered to be one of the top, if not the best professional freestyle Jet Skiers to date.
In October 2008, Laine will be inducted into the IJSBA's (International Jet Sports Boating Association) Hall of Fame, where he will be honored for inventing many of the extreme aerial maneuvers used in freestyle jet ski competition today. The ceremony is to take place in Lake Havasu, at the conclusion of the IJSBA World Finals.
Biography.
Laine, who is nicknamed "The Father of Freeride" is sponsored by Red Bull, Billabong, Jet Pilot, Pro Tec, Skat Trak, and Hydro Turf, and has appeared in and on the cover's of over two dozen magazines, including a 1970's spread in Playgirl Magazine. In January 2001, as a part of the first documented expedition to the Cortes Bank, Laine set a world record for the biggest wave ever ridden on a Jet Ski (actually a Yamaha Super Jet), where he conquered a 72-foot wave. Beginning in 2002, Laine joined the Billabong Odyssey as marine coordinator, and has been searching for an unprecedented wave to ride in an effort to set a record for tow-in surfing.Laine has resided primarily in San Diego, California for the last thirty-five years. He splits his time between San Diego, Baja California, Mexico, and the Northshore of Oahu, Hawaii. Laine has one daughter, fashion designer and model Michelle Laine. Randy Laine is the brother of professional surfer Wes Laine, and great nephew of american actor Randolph Scott, through his great grandfather Rufus Butler Scott. Both Randy and his sister Scott Laine, were named after their great uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="18713186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713186" title="Virgil Spier">
Virgil Spier

Virgil Spier (born January 8, 1981 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch athlete who started at the decathlon, but who is currently active mainly as a sprinter and a hurdler.
Biography.
Spier started his career as an athlete at Sparta Atletiek in Den Haag. At this team he showed to be talented, but his performances were not at the top level yet. Due to this there are no notable results of him as a D, C and B-junior. As an A-junior however he qualified himself at the Dutch National Championships for seniors through a fifth position at the decathlon (7164 points) for the Junior World Championships in Santiago. In Santiago he started with 10.54 over 100 metres, which was the fourth Dutch junior time in history. However, due to a hamstring injury he was unable to continue his tournament.
A year later, in 2001 he was able to represent the Netherlands at the decathlon at the European Under-23 Championships that were held in Amsterdam. Also in this tournament he was suffering from an injury, but still managed to achieve a ninth position overall. In 2002 he came in second at the 60 metres indoor held at the Dutch National Championships. At the same event he reached the fourth place at the 60 metres hurdles. With these performances he qualified himself for the European Indoor Championships in Vienna for both distances. He eventually was eliminated in the first round series in both occasions.
The 4×100 metres relay team consisting of Caimin Douglas, Maarten Heisen, Patrick van Luijk and Guus Hoogmoed, with Gregory Sedoc and Virgil Spier as reserves, did qualify for the Olympics. Initially they finished in 17th position during the qualification process while only the first 16 teams would qualify, but due to the cancellation of the Australian team they were allowed to start in Beijing. In their qualification heat Heisen, Hoogmoed, Van Luijk and Douglas placed third behind Trinidad and Tobago and Japan, but in front of Brazil. Their time of 38.87 was the fifth fastest out of all sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. In the final, the second baton change between Hoogmoed and Van Luijk failed, resulting in a slow time. They still finished the race to place seventh, before the disqualified Chinese team. Spier himself did not participate.

</doc>
<doc id="18713195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713195" title="Moran, Israel">
Moran, Israel

Moran (, "lit." Viburnum) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 175.
Kibbutz Moran was founded in 1977 by a kvutza of youths, most of whom had grown up in cities, and who had been training in kibbutz Ginosar. It was named for the viburnum plant that grows wild in the area.
The kibbutz runs a 28-room guesthouse. 

</doc>
<doc id="18713199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713199" title="Rhodostrophia vibicaria">
Rhodostrophia vibicaria

The Common Pink-barred "(Rhodostrophia vibicaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The length of the forewings is 14–16 mm. The moths fly in one or two generations from the end of May to September. .
The larvae feed on various plants and shrubs, such as Cytisus scoparius and Prunus spinosa.

</doc>
<doc id="18713202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713202" title="The Ice Queen">
The Ice Queen

The Ice Queen is a novel by Alice Hoffman, published by Vintage Books in 2006.
"Wishes... burn your tongue the moment they're spoken and you can never take them back."-"The Ice Queen"
Plot summary.
"The Ice Queen "is a nameless woman who makes a wish as an eight-year old child that ruins her life. She grows up cold and unfriendly until, as she stands by her kitchen window, she is struck by a bolt of lightning.
She survives but is changed, as if she is made of ice. She can also no longer see the color red. She hears of a man called Lazarus Jones, who also survived being struck by lightning, and is reputed to have a heart and soul made of fire. He came back to life being dead for forty minutes. They embark on a turbulent love affair whilst trying to hide their secrets - how one became full of fire and the other became made of ice.

</doc>
<doc id="18713216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713216" title="Billy Bluelight">
Billy Bluelight

Billy Bluelight pseudonym of William Cullum. (Born 1859/1863? Norwich- died 1949 Shipmeadow, Suffolk). A much loved legendary figure in Norwich and well known for his races against steam pleasure boats in the 1920/30s along the River Wensum and River Yare.
Early life.
Cullum was born in the slums of his home city of Norwich. He never received a formal education, but he did however teach himself to read. He worked briefly at Caley's chocolate factory and by 1907 he was already legendary for his racing and street selling activities.
Later life.
He never married and lived with his mother, until her death. They lived at several addresses in the city including Oak Street, Colegate and Pkyerell House at St Mary's Plain. After his mother's death around 1930 he was reported to have entered Woodlands, part of the West Norwich Hospital. By the 1940s he was living at Palmer Road on the Mile Cross Estate which was built between the wars. In his eighties he entered the West Norwich Hospital and was later moved to St James Hospital at Shipmeadow, Suffolk where he died in 1949.
Five years after his death, writer R L Potter wrote this description of him 
Nickname.
Many theories have been put forward to how he received his name. In 1907, a reference was made to the 'bluelight' of his eloquence, another suggestion of his blue nose in winter or that he sold blue-tipped matches. Blue light was the Victorian term for teetotaller or temperance worker. Although he spoke out against the dangers of alcohol, there is no evidence to prove that this was the case.
Legacy.
There are several reminders of him in the Norwich area including the Crude Apache theatre company that produced a play about his life entitled ""Natures Gentleman-The Story of Billy Bluelight"" 
Close to the Woods End Inn, Bramerton a life-size statue has been erected in his memory on the Wherryman's Way long distance footpath. 
In 1994 Woodforde’s Brewery renamed their outlet "The Freemasons Arms" in Hall Road to "The Billy Bluelight". Since March, 2005, after a change of ownership the pub is now known by its former name.
Racing career.
Slight and wiry and dressed in long white shorts, cricket cap, plimsolls and medals on his chest. He would issue his challenge to pleasure boat passengers that he would beat them to their destination. Setting off, walking and running, he would be waiting to meet the boats at the next landing stage to receive acclamation and pennies of his admirers. On the return journey he would regale day-trippers with the following rhyme He is said to have remained '45' for many years.

</doc>
<doc id="18713222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713222" title="Pérez Celis">
Pérez Celis

Celis Pérez (January 15, 1939August 2, 2008) was an Argentine artist usually referred to as Pérez Celis. He earned international recognition for his paintings, sculptures, murals and engravings.
Life and work.
Pérez was born in San Telmo on the South side of Buenos Aires, and grew up in Liniers, on the opposite end of town. Working as a newsboy during childhood, he learned the basics of drawing and painting via correspondence classes. He enrolled at the Belgrano School of Fine Arts in 1954, and first exhibited at age 17, at Galería La Fantasma. Following his entry into the professional arts world, he bagen using his name in a reversed form. Inspired by Hungarian artist Victor Vasarely during a 1957 restrospective of the latter's works at the National Fine Arts Museum, he married Sara Fernández, relocated to Uruguay, and joined figures such as Úrsula Von der Lippen and Carlos Páez Vilaró in the "Group of 8"proponents of abstract art among the normally conservative local audiences.
He returned to Buenos Aires in 1961, and opened a downtown atelier with the support of the Torcuato di Tella Institute, a major center for local contemporary artists. Pérez explored geometric art, and exhibited his first major work, "Fuerza América", in 1962. Indigenous patterns and colors would reappear in many of his productions during the 1960s and 1970s, and distinguished him from most other local artists, among whom pop art and figurative art was more influential. Pérez was featured in more than 120 solo shows during his career, notably the Gallerie Bellechasse, and his art was purchased for many private collections and first-rate museums, including the Museum of Modern Art in New York. He received commissions from the Argentine government, which placed his work in the Ministro Pistarini International Airport, from other governments, and from prominent individuals and businesses. 
Tragedy stuck Pérez Celis' life in 1975, when an automobile accident killed his wife, and resulted in months of physical therapy for his injuries. He remarried, to Margarita Laconich, in 1977, and lived in Caracas, New York, and Miami in subsequent years. He relocated to Buenos Aires in 1985, however, and hosted retrospectives of his work at the Centro Cultural Recoleta and the Argentine Senate, shortly afterwards. He lost his second wife, but continued to work, exhibiting in the Sanyo Gallery in Tokyo, and at numerous universities. Among his numerous recognitions in later years was the Alba Award at the 61st Salón Nacional de Artes Plásticas Argentino, and he was proclaimed a Distinguished Citizen of the City of Buenos Aires in 2001. 
He also created several literary illustrations, notably those for Jorge Luis Borges' Spanish-language translation of Walt Whitman's poem "Leaves of Grass". A fan of the Club Atlético Boca Juniors football team, he created two murals in 1997 for the team's La Bombonera Stadium in Buenos Aires: "Idolos" (Idols) and "Mito y Destino" (Myth and Destiny), both Venetian mosaics and bronze on cement.
Later years.
His daughter, actress María José Gabín, published a biography of her father in 2007.
Pérez Celis developed leukemia, and underwent a lengthy series of treatments. Ultimately, however, the noted artist lost his life in Buenos Aires in 2008, at age 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18713224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713224" title="Kishor">
Kishor

Kishor (, "lit." Distaff) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council.
The village was founded in 1980, and was the first kibbutz for individuals with Special Needs. Named after the Bible (Proverbs 31:19) together with the nearby kibbutz Pelekh, whose name is the corresponding word of the same sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="18713237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713237" title="R-17 (2001 TV series)">
R-17 (2001 TV series)

R-17 is a 2001 Japanese TV series broadcast on TV Asahi with Chiaki Kuriyama as Saori Maruyama, Miki Nakatani and Yuma Ishigaki.

</doc>
<doc id="18713246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713246" title="Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968">
Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968

The Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1968 (c. 9) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Act amended the Commonwealth Immigrants Act 1962, further modifying rights of citizens of the Commonwealth of Nations countries (now, in 2010, comprising approximately 1.9 billion people, including New Zealand, Australia, The Republic of India, Islamic Republic of Pakistan (which included East Pakistan province), some African nations including Nigeria and many Caribbean islands) to migrate to the UK.
The 1968 Act restricted the future right of entry previously enjoyed by Citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies, to those born there or who had a least one parent or grandparent born there. It was introduced amid concerns that up to 200,000 Kenyan Asians fleeing that country's "Africanization" policy, would take up their right to reside in the UK. The bill went through parliament in three days, supported by the leadership of both the governing Labour and main opposition Conservative parties, though opposed by a few Conservatives such as Iain Macleod and Michael Heseltine, and the small parliamentary Liberal Party.
The 1968 Act was superseded by the Immigration Act 1971. The full text of the 1968 Act is online here.

</doc>
<doc id="18713248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713248" title="Andre Alves">
Andre Alves

André Alves dos Santos (born 15 October 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Hungarian League club Kaposvári Rákóczi FC as a striker.
Club career.
Brazil.
Andre Alves( in his country) played in 2005 for União Barbarense and Esporte Clube União Suzano.
Videoton.
In 2005 Alves joined Budapest Honvéd where he scored 6 goals in 14 appearances in 6 months. In summer 2005 he was transferred to Kaposvári Rákóczi. In 2 and a half seasons he played 73 times and scored 23 goals. He was loaned out to Russian side Luch-Energia Vladivostok in which he scored a goal in 13 appearances. In summer 2009 he joined Videoton FC. In 2010-2011 he won the Top Goalscorer award. In a total, he played 91 times with Videoton FC and he scored 55 goals.
Omonia.
On 30 January 2012, he moved to Cyprus side Omonia. He scored his first goal at his debut in cup game against Nea Salamina.
Kaposvár.
On 12 January 2014, Hungarian League club, Kaposvári Rákóczi FC signed Alves. He has already played for the Hungarian club between 2005 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18713259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713259" title="Lotem">
Lotem

Lotem (, "lit." Cistus) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 460.
The village was founded in 1978

</doc>
<doc id="18713261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713261" title="Goddard's Green, Berkshire">
Goddard's Green, Berkshire

Goddard's Green is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Wokefield. The settlement lies between the villages of Burghfield Common and Mortimer Common, and is located approximately south-east of Reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18713262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713262" title="Hipparchia fatua">
Hipparchia fatua

The Freyer's Grayling "(Hipparchia fatua)" is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. The species can be found from the Balkans, through Anatolia up to Iran.
The wingspan is . The butterflies fly from June to October.
The larvae feed on various types of grass.

</doc>
<doc id="18713270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713270" title="Pelekh">
Pelekh

Pelekh (, "lit." Spindle) is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. Named after the Bible (Proverbs 31:19) together with the nearby kibbutz Kishor, whose name is the corresponding word of the same sentence.
The village was founded in 1982 by a gar'in of Hashomer Hatzair members.

</doc>
<doc id="18713279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713279" title="List of Downtown MRT Line station names">
List of Downtown MRT Line station names

The Land Transport Authority (LTA) began conducting a public consultation exercise over the internet as well as via survey forms to gather public feedback on the naming of stations for the Downtown Line Stage 2 stations from 30 July to 26 August and shortlisted three proposed station names for voting from October 10 to October 31, 2008. Public feedback for Stage 1 stations was conducted on April 22, 2009. The finalized station names for both the Stage 1 and Stage 2 stations were announced on June 16, 2009.
Public feedback for the names for the stations for stage 3 was conducted from December 13, 2010 to January 12 2011, with two shortlisted station names for public voting from June 1 to July 15, 2011. This feedback exercise had its first ever paired station names, with voters opting for Tampines West also have to select Tampines East and voters opting for Tampines Avenue 1 requiring to select Tampines North Park. The final names for the Downtown Line 3 stations were announced on 19 August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18713283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713283" title="Chintheche">
Chintheche

Chintheche is a settlement in the Nkhata Bay District of the Northern Region of Malawi. It is on the shore of Lake Malawi, and is approximately south of Nkhata Bay. The town is close to the main road between Nkhata Bay and Nkhotakota.
History.
In the 1970s, the government of Hastings Banda planned to develop Chintheche, with a new harbour and a paper-processing plant. To accommodate the new development, residents of Chintheche were displaced further inland. The scheme would have created employment for thousands of people, but for the most part did not come to fruition; however, the displaced residents were not allowed to return to their lakeshore homes. A local water scheme was established in this time, as was the Chintheche Inn, a lakeside retreat nearby. A newly holiday resort named La Exotica has been opened close to Chintheche Inn. La Exotica is along the Chintheche Lakeside fully operational with twelve self contained rooms, a restaurant and bar. There is also a very beautiful beach for beach games or relaxation. La Exotica website: www.La-Exotica.com 
Transport.
Chintheche is on the paved M5 Salima - Mzuzu road. It is well served by minibuses from Nkhata Bay, Nkhotakota and Mzuzu. Most roads in the Chintheche area are dirt tracks.
There is also a small airstrip behind the village, mainly used by tourists visiting the nearby Chintheche Inn.
Culture.
From 2004 to 2007, the annual Lake of Stars Festival, an international charitable music festival, was held at the Chintheche Inn, 8 km south of Chintheche village. The festival, which benefited Children in the Wilderness, featured international disc jockeys and musicians such as Annie Mac and Andy Cato, as well as local musicians such as Lucius Banda, Souls of the Ghetto and The Black Missionaries. As of July 2008, the 2008 festival is not expected to be held in Chintheche, and will be held at Senga Bay, Salima. Senga Bay is more accessible from the Malawi's major cities, Lilongwe and Blantyre.
Facilities.
Chintheche has bars, restaurants, guestlodges (including Sambani Lodge, La Exotica Holiday Resort and Chintheche Inn), campsites, a supermarket and a cash and carry wholesaler; the majority of the town's amenities are along the Chintheche Strip. 
There is also a primary school, post office, police station and hospital in Chintheche village. 8 km south of Chintheche there are three secondary schools: Chintheche Community Day Secondary School, Bandawe Secondary School and Bandawe Girls Secondary School.
There are churches, and a mosque.

</doc>
<doc id="18713284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713284" title="Le Petit Noël">
Le Petit Noël

Noël, or Le Petit Noël, is the main character of an eponymous Belgian comics series, and a secondary character of "Spirou et Fantasio". His name means "Christmas" in French. The series "Noël" was created in 1957 by André Franquin and Jidéhem and published in the Franco-Belgian comics magazine "Spirou", while Franquin created the following work alone or together with Will.
Synopsis.
Noël lives in the little village of Champignac. As Christmas Day approaches, he is more sad and unhappy than ever because he has no friends and his parents are poor and can't afford gifts for him. However, each year, Noël lives a good Christmas, either thanks to the Marsupilami or the Elaoin Sdrétu.
The atmosphere of the series was sometimes melancholic, as in some other of Franquin's work. The same atmosphere is also present in the "Gaston Lagaffe" series at the times of Christmas: the "miraculous" and idealized period of Christmas and New year is a recurring theme in Franquin's series.
Some of Noël's stories were more humorous: in one story he and the Marsupilami go to a sports stadium to watch a tennis match — only for the creature to ruin a wonderful game by catching the ball in mid-air.

</doc>
<doc id="18713290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713290" title="Mary Juliana Hardman">
Mary Juliana Hardman

Mary Juliana Hardman (name in religion Sister Mary) (b. 26 April 1813; d. 24 March 1884) was an English nun.
Life.
Mary Juliana was one of a large recusant family, the Hardmans. Her father was John Hardman, senior, of Birmingham, a rich manufacturer, her mother his second wife, Lydia Waring. 
She was educated in the Benedictine convent at Caverswall, in Staffordshire, and, when she was nineteen, her father founded the convent of Our Lady of Mercy at Handsworth, near Birmingham. In 1840 Miss Hardman and three friends offered themselves to Bishop Walsh, to form the nucleus of a new community, and by his advice they went to make their novitiate under Mother Catherine McAuley, founder of the Institute of the Sisters of Mercy, Baggot Street, Dublin. 
The novices made their profession on 19 August 1841, and a day or two later Mother McAuley accompanied them to the new convent at Handsworth, where they were solemnly received by Bishop Nicholas Wiseman. Shortly afterwards Sister Mary Juliana was appointed first prioress of the community, and held that office off and on for thirty-five years, her first appointment lasting for six. She was then elected for three years, and twice re-elected for the same period, and from 1870 she held the office of superioress till her death. 
In 1849 she opened another convent at St. Chad's, Birmingham, and also one at Wolverhampton. The next year she built an almonry for the relief of the poor, and opened poor-schools. In 1851 she placed the orphanage founded by her father at Maryvale under the care of Sisters of her community, making her own sister, Mary Hardman, in religion Sister Mary of the Holy Ghost, superioress. In 1858 she built a middle-class boarding-school; twelve years later she erected elementary schools for the working classes at Handsworth; and in 1874 she opened a middle-class day-school for both of boys and girls. She died at Handsworth, at the age of seventy. 
Her brother, John Hardman, founded in 1844 Hardman & Co., the ecclesiastical metal works and stained glass works at Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="18713293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713293" title="Goddard's Green">
Goddard's Green

Goddard's Green or Goddards Green may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18713304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713304" title="Hipparchia alcyone">
Hipparchia alcyone

The Rock Grayling "(Hipparchia alcyone)" is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. The species can be found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, Eastern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia and the Caucasus.
The wingspan is . The butterflies fly from June to September.
The larvae feed on various types of grass.

</doc>
<doc id="18713317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713317" title="Tuval">
Tuval

Tuval () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 205. In the year 2000 a community neighborhood was set up within the boundaries of Tuval. Today Tuval is both a kibbutz and a community settlement
The village was founded in 1980 by Scouts and Habonim Dror members from England and South Africa. Named after the Biblical Tuval, an offspring of Cain (Genesis 4:22).
Theater artist Robbie Gringras and his wife are members.

</doc>
<doc id="18713318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713318" title="Henry Abbott (Irish politician)">
Henry Abbott (Irish politician)

Henry Abbott (born 18 December 1947) is an Irish High Court judge. He is a former Fianna Fáil politician and was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) at the 1987 general election for the Longford–Westmeath constituency. He lost his seat at the 1989 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18713331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713331" title="Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters">
Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

This article shows all participating team squads at the women's beach volleyball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
See also.
Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters

</doc>
<doc id="18713332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713332" title="Bloomfield Hatch">
Bloomfield Hatch

Bloomfield Hatch is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Wokefield. The settlement lies near to the villages of Stratfield Mortimer and Beech Hill, and is located approximately south-east of Reading. It is located immediately to the East of Wokefield Park. 
Bloomfield Hatch Farm.
Bloomfield Hatch Farm lies in the centre of the hamlet. The farm specialises in Free Range Eggs.

</doc>
<doc id="18713339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713339" title="Chemplast Sanmar">
Chemplast Sanmar

Chemplast Sanmar Limited is a chemical company based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. It is part of Sanmar Group which has businesses in Chemicals, Shipping, Engineering and Metals. It has a turnover of over Rs.65 billion and a presence in some 25 businesses, with manufacturing units spread over numerous locations in India.
Chemplast Sanmar's manufacturing facilities are located at Mettur, Panruti, Cuddalore and Ponneri in Tamil Nadu, Shinoli in Maharashtra, and Karaikal in the Union Territory of Puducherry. It is a major manufacturer of PVC resins, chlorochemicals and piping systems. The Cuddalore PVC project commissioned in September 2009 is the largest such project to come up in Tamil Nadu. It's aggregate capacity of 235,000 tons makes it one of the largest PVC players in India.
Chemplast Sanmar Limited won two awards, at the 7th National Award for Excellence in Water Management organized by the CII in Hyderabad in December 2010. The flagship company of The Sanmar Group won the "Innovative Case Study" and "Excellent Water Efficient Unit" awards for the successful case study of zero liquid discharge at Mettur.
Chemplast Sanmar, a pioneer in Zero Liquid Discharge has implemented this process successfully in all its manufacturing plants. Chemplast has not discharged a single drop of treated effluent since September 2009 in Mettur while in Cuddalore and Karaikkal there has been no discharge since inception.
Individual investments.
Chemplast has developments across India.
These include:
History.
1962 Incorporation of the company for manufacture of PVC resins/ compounds and fabrication of PVC products.
1967 PVC Plant at Mettur commissioned with a capacity of 6,000 TPA, in collaboration with
BF Goodrich. PVC pipes production also commences. Among the pioneers to bring PVC pipes to India.
1978 Commissioning of Industrial Alcohol Plant, Krishnagiri
1978 First stage debottlenecking of PVC capacity to 13500 TPA
1978 At Mettur 4 MW HDO based Power Plant installed and commissioned
1981 Second stage debottlenecking of PVC capacity to 20,000 TPA
1982 Acquisition of Arvind Distillery & Chemicals Ltd at Panruti
1985 Acquisition of controlling stake and take over of management of Mettur Chemical & Industrial Corporation (MCIC) Ltd with capacities of Caustic Soda 48000 TPA and Chloromethane 11000 TPA.
1985 Commercial production of Battery Separator Resin (based on ICI technology) commences
1986 Combined Cycle Power Plant commissioned at Mettur
1986 Golden Jubilee of MCIC
1986 Exit from PVC Pipes business
1987 Consequent on global exit from PVC, BF Goodrich divests stake in Chemplast
1987 PVC capacity augmentation to 30,000 TPA
1988 LSHS-based Captive Power Plant of 6.5 MW commissioned at Caustic Soda plant, Mettur. Pioneers in captive power generation for electro-intensive industry
1988 MCIC merges with Chemplast
1988 Commercial production of Refrigerant Gases commences
1991 Silver Jubilee of Chemplast Sanmar
1992 PVC capacity expansion from 30,000 TPA to 48,000 TPA
1992 Diversification into Shipping – acquisition of six bulk carriers over two years
1996 PVC capacity expansion from 48,000 TPA to 66,000 TPA
1997 Production capacity of Chloromethanes enhanced from 11,000 MT to 22,000 MT
1998 State-of-the-art incinerator commissioned for chlorinated hydrocarbon waste, with energy recovery features - first of its kind in India
1998 Captive power generation capacity at Mettur enhanced to 48.5 MW - self-sufficiency achieved in power requirements
1999 Shipping business spun off as an independent business
2000 Oxy Chlorination plant commissioned at Mettur (an already operating plant procured from NOCIL, Bombay and shifted to Mettur Dam, re-erected and commissioned; installed at a fraction of the time and cost of a new plant)
2003 Acquisition of Kothari Sugars & Chemicals’ caustic soda plant at Karaikal and merger with Chemplast Sanmar
2006 Re-entry into the PVC pipes business through acquisition; products marketed under the brand name ‘Trubore’
2007 Foundation stone laid for new state-of-the-art PVC facility at Cuddalore
2007 Conversion of mercury cells to environment-friendly membrane cell process for caustic soda production at Mettur
2007 Marine Terminal facility commissioned at Karaikal for import of ethylene and export of caustic soda
2008 Landmark Zero Liquid Discharge facility goes on stream at Mettur (March 2008)
2008 Trubore Piping Systems commissions 20,000 TPA Greenfield PVC Pipes facility at Shinoli, Maharashtra
2009 State-of-the-art greenfield PVC project commissioned with a capacity of 170,000 TPA at Cuddalore, along with a Marine Terminal facility for import of VCM.
2009: Coalyard commissioned at Mettur
2010: Coal-based captive power plant goes online at Mettur
2010 Mettur Dam Railway Station with Chemplast’s contribution starts operating
Sports.
The Sanmar Group has helped support domestic cricket for over 50 years. Chemplast Sanmar supports Jolly Rovers and the Alwarpet Cricket Club in the Tamil Nadu Cricket Academy (TNCA) 1st Division. It has the distinction of being the only corporate that has supplied the national cricket team with over 30 players. The prominent names among them include Robin Singh, Anil Kumble, Harbhajan Singh, Dinesh Karthik, L Balaji, Piyush Chawla, Munaf Patel, S. Badrinath, Murali Vijay and Ravichandran Ashwin. Bharat Reddy, the former Indian wicket keeper has been in charge of talent spotting and nurturing the Chemplast-supported teams for the last 35 years.
Mettur.
Chemplast Sanmar owns five plants in Mettur, a small town located around the dam which controls the entry of the River Kaveri into Tamil Nadu. The river is the lifeblood of the state's agriculture and provides water to the heavily populated districts of Salem, Trichy, Thanjur and Nagapattinam amongst others.
In response to a series of allegations by locals, in particular concerning a serious chlorine gas leak on 18 July 2004, the Indian People's Tribunal on the Environment and Human Rights conducted a three-day investigation. The IPT report of July 2005, headed by Justice Akbar Basha Kadri, listed as its findings:
"that Chemplast Sanmar Ltd. has indeed indiscrimately disposed toxic wastes in and around its facility"
"that contamination local groundwaters and lands was caused by a downward spread of contaminants from Chemplast's waste facilities. We also find that the farmers, landless labourers an residents dependent on these lands and water have not been compensated. Neither has any effort been made to remediate the environment"
"that there had been many gas leakages in the past and that the survivors of the 18th July chlorine release have not received even their legally entitled relief"
"that the company is found to have violated labour safety laws and practices. It has placed its workers in harms way, and done nothing when they were harmed"
These findings also went on to suggest that Chemplast Sanmar had been responsible, alongside the State and the Chemplast workers Unions, for "downplaying serious incidents" and followed this up by suggesting that the Government had been "neglient in fulfilling its duties of ensuring, at the very least, safe drinking water to the people."
Sanmar has set up zero effluents discharge mechanism in its Mettur plant to curb pollution. For this effort, the company won the CII Water Award for Excellence in Water Management organized by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) in Hyderabad.

</doc>
<doc id="18713342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713342" title="Practical Magic (novel)">
Practical Magic (novel)

Practical Magic is a 1995 novel by Alice Hoffman. The book was adapted into a 1998 film of the same name.
Plot summary.
For more than two hundred years, the Owens women have been blamed for everything that has gone wrong in their Massachusetts town. Gillian and Sally have also endured that fate: As children, the sisters were forever outsiders, taunted, talked about, pointed at. Their elderly aunts almost seemed to encourage the whispers of witchery, with their darkened house, their love concoctions and their crowd of black cats. All Gillian and Sally wanted to do was escape. One would do so by marrying, the other by running away. But the bonds they shared brought them back to each other, and to the magic they couldn’t escape.

</doc>
<doc id="18713343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713343" title="Hipparchia fagi">
Hipparchia fagi

The Woodland Grayling "(Hipparchia fagi)" is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. The species can be found in Europe, mainly south of the Alps.
The wingspan is 66–76 mm. The butterflies fly from June to September.
The larvae feed on various types of grass.

</doc>
<doc id="18713363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713363" title="Arab al-Na'im">
Arab al-Na'im

Arab al-Na'im (; ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. It has a population of 686, most of whom are children.
The village was recognised by the state in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18713406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713406" title="Dmeide">
Dmeide

Dmeide () is a Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Kfar Manda, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 608.
The village was established during the 17th century, but was only recognised by the state of Israel in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18713413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713413" title="Hipparchia statilinus">
Hipparchia statilinus

The Tree Grayling "(Hipparchia statilinus)" is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. The species can be found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia and the Caucasus.
The wingspan is . The butterflies fly in one generation from June to October. .
The larvae feed on "Corynephorus canescens", "Bromus" and other grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18713421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713421" title="Yusuf Rabiev">
Yusuf Rabiev

Yusuf Rabiev (born 24 May 1976) is an Tajik professional football player. The forward is playing for the Tajik Champions FK Khujand and is also part of the Tajik national team.
Rabiev won the 2006 AFC Challenge Cup with the Tajik national team, scoring four goals in the tournament including a brace against Kyrgyzstan in the semi-final. Earlier he had played at the 2006 World Cup quaifiers, however Tajikistan failed to get behind the first stage. During the Qualification for the AFC Challenge Cup 2008 he helped Tajikistan to edge Philippines and qualify for the final tournament, where he scored a hat-trick against Afghanistan as his team won 4–0.

</doc>
<doc id="18713424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713424" title="List of countries by cigarette consumption per capita">
List of countries by cigarette consumption per capita

This is a list of countries by annual per capita consumption of tobacco cigarettes.
Cigarettes are smoked by over 1.1 billion people. While smoking rates have leveled off or declined in developed nations, in developing nations tobacco consumption continues to rise at a rate of around 3.4% per annum.
Smoking rates in the United States have dropped by half from 1965 to 2006 falling from 42% to 20.8% of adults, with further significant decline to 18 percent by 2012. There are large regional differences in smoking rates, with Kentucky, West Virginia, Oklahoma and Mississippi topping the list, and Idaho, California and Utah at significantly lower rates.
In Australia the incidence of smoking is in decline, with figures from 2011–13 showing 16.1% of the population (over 18) to be daily smokers, a decline from 22.4% in 2001. Young adults are the most likely age group to smoke, with a marked decline in smoking rates with increasing age. The prevalence of smoking is strongly associated with socioeconomic disadvantage earners, with over double the rate in the most disadvantaged quintile of the population as compared to the least.

</doc>
<doc id="18713428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713428" title="Brian Swift">
Brian Swift

Brian Swift (born 1 May 1952) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician. A solicitor by profession, he was an unsuccessful candidate at the 1981 and November 1982 general elections. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Fianna Fáil Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford constituency at the 1987 general election. He lost his seat at the 1989 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18713438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713438" title="Hamdon">
Hamdon

Hamdon (, ) is an unrecognized Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Lotem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18713453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713453" title="Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985)">
Leandro da Silva (footballer born 1985)

Leandro da Silva (born June 26, 1985 in Itumbiara) is a Brazilian football player currently playing for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League.
Career.
He previously spent two years in Poland and Hungary with Pogoń Szczecin and Kaposvári Rákóczi FC before moving to Vladivostok with fellow Brazilian and Kaposvári teammate Andre Alves in July 2008. Spartak Nalchik signed Leandro from FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok on February 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18713456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713456" title="Thomas Drange">
Thomas Drange

Thomas Hanasand Drange (born 22 February 1986) is a former Norwegian handball player.
He started his club career in Stavanger.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 2006.
The handball clubs Drange have been member in:
Dunkerque HBGL
FCK Håndbold
Fyllingen
Viking Stavanger HK

</doc>
<doc id="18713457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713457" title="Felino Jardim">
Felino Jardim

Felino Jardim (born 10 August 1985) is a Dutch football midfielder who is currently unattached following his release from Conference National club Newport County.
Career.
He has previously played for Feyenoord, RKC Waalwijk and Sparta Rotterdam, as well as being capped at under-17 and under-19 level for the Netherlands. Despite this, he managed just a handful of senior appearances including coming on as a substitute in the Eredivisie playoffs for RKC Waalwijk. After being released by Sparta Rotterdam at the end of the 2007–08 season, he had trials in England with Bedford Town, Cambridge United and Barnet before finally signing a one-year deal with Cambridge United on 7 August 2008.
Jardim scored on his debut for Cambridge on 9 August 2008, in a Conference National match away at Northwich Victoria. He was released in February 2009.
In July 2009 he returned to Holland, and signed with RBC Roosendaal. On 28 July 2011, he signed for Conference National club Newport County and he was released by Newport County in July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18713468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713468" title="Hussniyya">
Hussniyya

Hussniyya (; ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 545.
The village was recognized by the state in 1996. Its inhabitants belong to the Swaid tribe.
The women of Hussniya offer guided tours of the area focusing on picking and cooking wild plants. Zahiya Swaid heads a group of women who attended a business development course and now earn a living from the age-old Bedouin tradition of foraging wild plants for food and medicinal purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="18713474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713474" title="Einar Riegelhuth Koren">
Einar Riegelhuth Koren

Einar Riegelhuth Koren (born 12 November 1984) is a Norwegian handball player, currently playing for FCK Håndbold.
He started his club career in Runar, and has also played for Haslum.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 2006, and has played 7 matches and scored 12 goals.
On 25 June 2011, Einar Sand Koren married Linn Kristin Riegelhuth, and changed his name to Einar Riegelhuth Koren.

</doc>
<doc id="18713505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713505" title="2008–09 Cypriot Cup">
2008–09 Cypriot Cup

The Cypriot Cup 2008–09 started on September 23, 2008. The format of the competition has been changed for this season. There was not a group stage and only teams from the first and second division participated (28 teams total). Teams from the lower divisions (third and fourth) competed in a separate cup competition. The Cypriot cup was completed in 5 rounds. All rounds were two-legged except the final.
First round.
The draw for the First Round took place on September 10, 2008 in the Hilton Park hotel in Nicosia. The first legs were played on September 23, 24 and October 1, 2008. The second legs were played on October 4 and 5, 2008.
Second round.
Teams that qualified for last year's semifinals entered in this round, along with the 12 winners of the previous round. The draw for the second round took place on December 29, 2008. The first legs were played on January 14 and 21, 2009. The second legs were played on January 28 and February 4, 2009.
Quarterfinals.
The draw for the quarterfinals took place on February 5, 2009 at the Hilton Park hotel in Nicosia. The first legs were played on February 25 and March 4, 2009. The second legs were played on March 11 and 18, 2009.
Semifinals.
The draw for the semifinals took place at the Hilton Park hotel in Nicosia on March 20, 2009. The first legs were played on April 15, 2009. The second legs were played on May 6, 2009.
Second legs.
"AEL won 3–2 on aggregate"
"APOP Kinyras Peyias won 2–1 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="18713506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713506" title="Thomas Skoglund">
Thomas Skoglund

Thomas Skoglund (born 3 March 1983 in Lillestrøm) is a Norwegian handball player, playing for the Danish club GOG Svendborg.
He started his club career in Fet, and later played for Haslum.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 2004, and has played 41 matches and scored 84 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18713512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713512" title="Ras al-Ein">
Ras al-Ein

Ras al-Ein (; , "lit." Head of the Spring) is a small Arab village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near the Tzalmon Stream, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 284.
The village was recognised by the state in 1996. Its residents are members of the Suad tribe and Palestinian Christian members of the Nicola family.

</doc>
<doc id="18713516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713516" title="Giovani dos Santos">
Giovani dos Santos

Giovani dos Santos Ramírez (; born 11 May 1989), simply referred to as Giovani is a Mexican footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Spanish La Liga club Villarreal CF. He can also play as a winger or forward.
Giovani began his football career at a young age, being recruited by Spanish club FC Barcelona and played for their B team until age 18. He made his way up the ranks, eventually playing for the senior squad, making his debut in 2007. That year, dos Santos was named by "World Soccer Magazine" as one of the "Top 50 Most Exciting Teen Footballers". After playing one season at Barcelona, he transferred to Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur in 2008 in search for more playing time. Though he would stay with the club until 2012, his time there was mostly spent away on loan, at Ipswich Town, Galatasaray, and Racing Santander, with varying degrees of success. Tottenham eventually sold him to Mallorca in 2012. After Mallorca's relegation, he was sold to Villarreal in 2013.
Giovani was a member of the Mexican national under-17 team that won the 2005 U17 World Cup held in Peru. He made his senior debut for the Mexico national team in a 1–0 victory over Panama on 9 September 2007. He was called to play at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. He was also a member of the gold medal-winning team at the 2012 London Olympics.
Club career.
Barcelona.
Born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Giovani joined FC Barcelona's academy of La Masia at the age of eleven and played for Barcelona's Juvenil A category where he helped his team to make a comeback in the league and win the regional title. This title allowed them to participate in the Youth Copa del Rey, where they faced other regional champions, among them their historic arch-rivals, Real Madrid. Giovani once again played a significant role during the tournament and helped the team win the national title of the Juvenil A category.
In 2006, he was invited on the pre-season tour of Barcelona's senior squad; during a friendly match on 29 July 2006, he scored in his senior team debut game against Danish club AGF Aarhus. On 28 November 2006, Barcelona included dos Santos in their 23-man squad for the FIFA Club World Cup in Japan.
During the summer of 2007, Giovani was once again invited to join Barça's senior squad on their pre-season tour. On 29 August 2007, dos Santos received dual nationality and was included in the official first team squad. He made his competitive and league debut on 2 September 2007 (at 18 years and 114 days) during a 3–1 home win against Athletic Bilbao, coming on for Thierry Henry in the 62nd minute.
Giovani made his Champions League debut on 20 September 2007 during a 3–0 home win against Olympique Lyonnais. He came on as a substitute for Xavi in the 79th minute.
On 17 May 2008, Giovani scored a hat trick against Real Murcia, with a final score of 5–3, granting a victory to Barça on the team's last game of the 2007–08 season. It was also the last game dos Santos played before joining Tottenham Hotspur.
Tottenham Hotspur.
On 18 June 2008, Giovani passed a medical and agreed terms to complete his move to Tottenham Hotspur from Barcelona. Barcelona reported that the transfer fee was €6 million with an additional 5 million Euros payable depending on appearances for Tottenham.
The young Mexican was on target twice as Tottenham beat local Spanish side Tavernes in an 8–0 thumping on their 2008–09 pre-season tour. Giovani also played in Tottenham's other pre-season games such as the 5–1 wins over Leyton Orient and Norwich City. He also scored the second goal in the 3–0 win over Borussia Dortmund to help Spurs to make it two wins out of two and take home the Feyenoord Jubileum Tournament trophy. Giovani scored his first competitive goal for Spurs in the UEFA Cup on 26 February 2009 against Shakhtar Donetsk. After 12 first team appearances, he was sent on loan to Ipswich Town for the remainder of the season.
Giovani returned to Tottenham at the start of the 2009–10 season and his first game of the season came against Doncaster Rovers in the League Cup, in which he provided an assist. He was substituted off, however, due to an ankle injury early on in a League Cup game against Preston North End and has only managed to make a substitute appearance in a 1–0 loss to Wolverhampton Wanderers.
His commitment was questioned by former Tottenham boss Harry Redknapp, who warned him to stay away from nightclubs and revealed that he was often late for training on Mondays. Redknapp assured dos Santos, however, that he was still part of his plans at Tottenham.
Giovani scored and had an assist in Tottenham's Europa League group match against Shamrock Rovers on 29 September 2011 at White Hart Lane. On 7 January 2012, he scored a goal and completed an assist for a 3–0 win against Cheltenham Town F.C. in the third round of the F.A. Cup.
Ipswich Town (loan).
In March 2009, Giovani signed on loan at Ipswich Town until the end of the season. He made his debut on 14 March 2009, coming on as a substitute against Reading. He scored his first league goal and the equaliser in the following game against Burnley. He scored his second goal against Bristol City on Easter Monday, a 94th minute penalty to equalise for Ipswich. He also claimed an assist and a goal from the penalty spot in Ipswich's 3–2 win over local rivals Norwich City a week later. He finished his loan with four goals in eight appearances.
Galatasaray (loan).
In January 2010, Giovani signed for Turkish club Galatasaray on loan for the remainder of the 2009–10 season, with an option to purchase him at the end of that period. The move reunited the player with Frank Rijkaard, his former coach at Barcelona. On 31 January, he made his debut coming on as a 58th minute substitute for Emre Çolak in a league game against Denizlispor with victory 2–1. He returned to Tottenham in the summer having failed to score for Galatasaray, and stayed there for half a season before being loaned to La Liga club Racing Santander in January.
Racing Santander (loan).
On 31 January 2011, Giovani joined La Liga side Racing de Santander on loan until the end of the season from Tottenham. He made his debut for his new club on 5 February 2011 as a substitute against Real Zaragoza, drawing the game 1–1. He scored his first goal as a substitute against Villarreal CF in the 68th minute on 27 February 2011. Dos Santos scored a brace in a 3–2 win league match over Hércules CF.
Mallorca.
It was reported that Giovani had told Tottenham that he wanted a move in the summer of 2012 or else he would leave on a free transfer during the next transfer window. His agent stated there was interest from Serie A club Internazionale, as well as La Liga clubs such as Sevilla FC and Atlético Madrid.
On 31 August 2012, Giovani signed a four-year deal with Spanish outfit RCD Mallorca, being introduced as their new number 9. On 22 October, Giovani made his debut for Mallorca, playing 60 minutes and assisting both goals in a 3–2 away defeat to Sevilla. Giovani played another 60 minutes on 28 October in a 5–0 home defeat to Real Madrid. Giovani scored his first goal against RCD Espanyol on 18 January 2013. Though Mallorca would finish the season in 18th place and was relegated, dos Santos was a mainstay in the squad, amassing 32 total appearances and finished as their top goal-scorer with six goals as well as providing seven assists.
Villarreal.
On 9 July 2013, Giovani completed a much speculated move to recently promoted side Villarreal CF.
International career.
U12 Danone Nations Cup.
Giovani participated at the 2001 Danone Nations Cup that was held in the Parc des Princes stadium in Paris, France, where 40 countries also participated. Mexico would finish the tournament fifth. He won the Golden Boot award for top goalscorer.
Mexico U17.
During the 2005 U-17 World Championship, which his team won, dos Santos assisted half of the goals of the Mexican team during the tournament, a feat that won him the Adidas Silver Ball as the second best player of the tournament, finishing behind only to Brazilian and current Manchester United midfielder Anderson.
Mexico U20.
In the U-20 World Cup Qualifiers, he scored twice; once against St. Kitts and Nevis in the 86th minute and the second against Jamaica in the 56th minute. He was forced to sit out the last game for precautionary reasons against Costa Rica, as he had received a yellow card in the previous match. The game ended in a 1–1 draw, but Mexico still qualified, finishing top of the regional group.
During the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup, Mexico was placed in Group C, where they were drawn against Gambia, Portugal, and New Zealand. On 2 July 2007, dos Santos and the rest of the Mexico team played against Gambia and won 3–0, with Giovani opening the scoring in the second half with a volley into the top left-hand corner from outside of the box. Giovani then played against Portugal, where Mexico won 2–1, scoring the opening goal from the penalty spot. As Mexico had already qualified from the group, he was rested for the game against New Zealand. In the round of 16, Mexico played against Congo and dos Santos returned to the starting line-up and yet again opened the scoring with a goal from the penalty spot in a match that Mexico won 3–0. In the quarter-finals, Mexico was eliminated by Argentina by an own goal on the second-half, which was the only goal of the game in a 1–0. Dos Santos was awarded the Adidas Bronze Ball.
Mexico U23.
In June 2012 Giovani was called up to play with the Mexico under-23 squad that would participate at the 2012 London Olympics. On 29 July, dos Santos started in the bench, but later scored his first two goals against Gabon, earning Mexico a 2–0 win. Dos Santos scored his third goal of the tournament on 4 August against Senegal, scoring a crucial tie breaking goal in the 98th minute of extra time to give Mexico a 3–2 lead, which eventually led to a 4–2 win. He was in the starting XI for the semi-final match against Japan and played the first half of the game, but had to be substituted out for Raúl Jiménez in the 46th minute due to an injury, which meant he would not be able to play in the final against Brazil. Dos Santos was however on the bench and watched Mexico win the final against Brazil 2–1 at Wembley Stadium.
Mexico national team.
Giovani earned his first selection for a Mexico senior team roster when Hugo Sánchez picked him for exhibition games against Panama and Brazil. Giovani appeared for the first time for Mexico in a 1–0 victory over Panama on 9 September 2007. The match was abandoned at half time because of heavy rain. He scored his first two goals for Mexico on 24 June 2009 in a friendly match against Venezuela, a game in which he was also named Man of the Match.
He scored his third goal for Mexico on 19 July in the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup quarter-final game against Haiti in the 42nd minute and also recorded two assists in the 4–0 victory. On 26 July 2009, he helped Mexico end a ten-year drought of victory against the United States on American soil with a 5–0 victory that helped secure Mexico's fifth CONCACAF Gold Cup. He was named player of the tournament.
On 5 September 2009, Giovani contributed to all three goals in a 3–0 win over Costa Rica in the 2010 World Cup qualification stages. He scored the first goal from outside the penalty box with his preferred left foot and assisted in the following two goals.
When his brother Jonathan dos Santos was cut from Mexico's final 23-man squad for the 2010 World Cup, his father Zizinho said that dos Santos was very hurt and claimed he was unsure whether he would play in the World Cup.
In the 2010 World Cup, Giovani started in every game for Mexico as a right winger. He completed 138 passes without providing an assist. He was voted runner-up for the FIFA Young Player of the Tournament award, which eventually went to Thomas Müller of Germany.
Giovani was called up to play the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup after a good mid-season loan to Racing Santander. On 9 June 2011, he scored a brace against Cuba in a 5–0 win. In the final match against the United States, he scored in a 4–2 win, by dribbling inside the box against Tim Howard and chipping the ball into the top-left corner over Eric Lichaj. That goal was also named the best goal of the tournament.
Personal life.
Giovani is the son of former Brazilian footballer Zizinho, who played for the Mexican football clubs América and León in the late 1980s. His mother, Liliana Ramírez, is a Mexican national. Giovani has two brothers and two half-brothers; the elder, Éder dos Santos, used to play for América in the Primera División de Mexico as a defensive midfielder before retiring, and his younger brother, Jonathan dos Santos currently plays for FC Barcelona in La Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="18713531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713531" title="Sallama">
Sallama

Sallama (; ) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee near the Tzalmon Stream, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 2,100.
The village was recognised by the state in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18713534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713534" title="Ivan Aboimov">
Ivan Aboimov

Ivan Pavlovich Aboimov () (born 6 November 1936, Liepāja) is a retired career Russian diplomat and ambassador.
Aboimov graduated from the Liepāja State Teacher Training College in 1959. From 1962–1963, Aboimov was the executive secretary of the Komsomol branch of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic and assistant manager of the Department of Propaganda of the Central Committee of the Komsomol in Latvia. Between 1963–1967 he was an instructor in the ideological department.
From 1967–1969 Aboimov was the divisional manager of foreign communications of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Latvia. In 1972, he graduated from the Higher Diplomatic School of the USSR Ministry of Foreign Affairs, went on to work in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad.
His first ambassadorial appointment came in 1990, when he appointed as Ambassador of the Soviet Union to Hungary. After the dissolution of the USSR, he continued as Ambassador of Russia to Hungary until 15 November 1996. He was then appointed by Boris Yeltsin as Ambassador of Russia to Finland, a post he held until 6 August 1999 when he was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Ukraine. Aboimov retired from diplomatic life on 21 May 2001 when his ambassadorial post in Ukraine came to a conclusion, being replaced in Kiev by Viktor Chernomyrdin.
Aboimov speaks Russian, English, German, Hungarian and Latvian.

</doc>
<doc id="18713541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713541" title="Alveley Halt railway station">
Alveley Halt railway station

Alveley Halt railway station was a station in the village of Alveley, in the English county of Shropshire. The station, not used by the reopened heritage Severn Valley Railway, has been replaced by the adjacent Country Park Halt on that line.
History.
Opened on the original Severn Valley Line run from the outset by the Great Western Railway, the station stayed with that company during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Western Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was then closed by the British Transport Commission.
The site today.
The heritage trains of the Severn Valley Railway pass the site near Country Park Halt between the stations at Highley and Hampton Loade.

</doc>
<doc id="18713543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713543" title="Stian Vatne">
Stian Vatne

Stian Vatne (born 10 May 1974) is a Norwegian handball player, currently playing for the German club Füchse Berlin.
He started his club career in Molde HK, and later played for Stavanger IF, Kadetten Schaffhausen, Ademar León, Algeciras BM and CAI BM Aragón.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 1994, and has played 71 matches and scored 120 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18713545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713545" title="Brintesia circe">
Brintesia circe

The Great Banded Grayling "(Brintesia circe)" is a butterfly of the family Nymphalidae. It is the only species belonging to the genus "Brintesia".
Description.
"Brintesia circe" reaches on average of wingspan. Wings are mainly black or dark brown. They have a broad white band at the edge of the basal area of all wings and usually a second white streak on the lower wings. The black eyespots on the underside of the upper wings have a white contour. "Brintesia circe" is quite similar to "Hipparchia fagi", but in the last one the second white streak on the lowers wings is always missing and the eyespots has a yellow contour. These butterflies usually rest on the branches of a tree, protected by their cryptic markings, but ready to take off and fly away when disturbed.
Biology.
These butterflies fly in one generation from June to September feeding on nectar of flowers. Larvae feed on various herbaceous plants (mainly on Anthoxanthum, Bromus, Festuca and Sesleria species). The young larvae overwinter.
Distribution.
The species can be found in Central and Southern Europe (Spain, France, Italy, Greece, southern Germany and Poland), in Anatolia and the Caucasus up to Iran.
Habitat.
These butterflies prefer light woodland, grasslands bordering forest edges and generally dry and bushy environments, at an altitude of above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="18713558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713558" title="Ryan Hartslief">
Ryan Hartslief

Ryan Hartslief (born 28 February 1978 in Cork) is a retired Irish footballer and rugby player.
Early life.
Hartslief was born in the Irish city of Cork and raised in Springs, Gauteng in South Africa who attended 1998 to the Rand Afrikaans University and studies between 2000 BCOM Sports Management.
Career.
He played in South Africa for Kaizer Chiefs, Black Leopards, Golden Arrows and Hellenic FC.
Retirement.
Hartslief is currently active as a player agent, and runs the Big Time Sports Management agency.
Rugby.
He played after his retirement one year in 2006 Rugby for the Welkom Rovers in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18713560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713560" title="Petrom Brazi Power Station">
Petrom Brazi Power Station

The Petrom Brazi Power Station is one of the largest electricity producers in Romania, having 2 natural gas-fired groups of 430 MW each, totalling an installed capacity of 860 MW and an electricity generation capacity of around 6 TWh/year.
The power plant is situated in Prahova County (southern Romania) near Petrom's refinery in Brazi. The construction of the power plant began in 2009 and was completed in 2011 at a total cost of 530 million Euros.

</doc>
<doc id="18713565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713565" title="Low voltage ride through">
Low voltage ride through

In electricity supply and generation, low voltage ride through (LVRT), or fault ride through (FRT), is a capability of electrical devices, especially wind generators, to be able to operate through periods of lower grid voltage. Similar requirements for critical loads such as computer systems and industrial processes are often handled through the use of an uninterruptible power supply (UPS) to supply make-up power during these events.
Many generator designs use electrical current flowing through windings to produce the magnetic field that the motor or generator operates on. This is in contrast to designs that use permanent magnets to generate this field instead. Such devices may have a minimum working voltage, below which the device does not work correctly, or does so at greatly reduced efficiency. Some will cut themselves out of the circuit when these conditions apply. This effect is more severe in doubly-fed Induction generators (DFIG), which have two sets of powered magnetic windings, than in squirrel-cage Induction generators which have only one.
In a grid containing many distributed generators subject to low-voltage disconnect, it is possible to create a chain reaction that takes other generators offline as well. This can occur in the event of a voltage dip that causes one of the generators to disconnect from the grid. As voltage dips are often caused by too little generation for the load, removing generation can cause the voltage to drop further. This may bring the voltage low enough to cause another generator to trip out, lower it further, and causing a cascading failure.
Modern large-scale wind turbines, typically 1 MW and larger, are normally required to include systems that allow them to operate through such an event, and thereby "ride through" the low voltage. Similar requirements are now becoming common on large solar power installations that likewise might cause instability in the event of a disconnect. Depending on the application the device may, during and after the dip, be required to:
A variety of standards exist and generally vary across jurisdictions. Examples of the such grid codes are the German BDEW grid code and its supplements 2 and 3 as well as UK National Grid code.
Testing of the devices with less than 16 Amp rated current is described in the standard IEC 61000-4-11 and for higher current devices in IEC 61000-4-34. For wind turbines the LVRT testing is described in the standard IEC 61400-21 (2nd edition August 2008). More detailed testing procedures are stated in the German guideline FGW TR3 (Rev.22).

</doc>
<doc id="18713567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713567" title="Håvard Tvedten">
Håvard Tvedten

Håvard Tvedten (born 29 June 1978 in Flekkefjord) is a Norwegian handball player, currently playing for the Spanish club Valladolid.
He started his club career in Stord, and later played for AaB.
He made his debut on the Norwegian national team in 2000, and has played 143 matches and scored 434 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="18713571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713571" title="Osterhagen">
Osterhagen

Osterhagen is a village near the town of Bad Lauterberg in the district of Osterode in Lower Saxony, Germany. The village lies between Bad Lauterberg and Bad Sachsa. Not far from Osterhagen is the Weingartenloch, a supposed treasure cave. The Karstwanderweg passes nearby.
Osterhagen lies on the Uerdingen line, in the traditional area of the Eastphalian language, a Low German dialect. Osterhagen lies not far from the border of Thuringia. 
Recent history.
In July 1944, in a former brick pit near Osterhagen, a concentration camp for about 300 prisoners was built with the aim of finishing the Osterhagen-Nordhausen railway line.
Today there is a memorial and an information panel on the edge of the former camp grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18713588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713588" title="World Cosplay Summit">
World Cosplay Summit

, also known as WCS, is an annual international cosplay event that promotes friendly international exchange through Japanese pop culture. In 2012 the WCS was incorporated as a company and until that year was organized by the events division of TV Aichi. It is supported by city organizations, businesses and the WCS student volunteer organization 'Omotenashi'. The parade and championship are held in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan with several related events being held in the Kanto, Kansai and Tokai areas. A cosplay stage performance competition called the 'Cosplay Championship' was first held at Aichi Expo in 2005 and selection of national representatives for the event comes from preliminary and regional rounds held at partnering anime/manga events the respective countries of the participants.
With keen interest in Japanese youth culture from abroad, as of 2008 three ministries of the Japanese government have given support to the event; the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA), the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport (MLIT), and the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI). Japanese embassy representatives often attend preliminaries at events in different countries as well. 
The WCS has grown from a weekend event in 2003 and is currently held over a one-week period where the representatives visit different parts of Japan, including Akihabara, Kyoto and Sendai, in promotion of Japanese youth culture and its ability to connect internationally. The parade and championship have been held on the Saturday and Sunday of the first weekend of August since 2006.
History.
The first WCS was held in 2003 to highlight the international popularity of Japanese anime and manga through cosplay, and to brighten up Expo 2005 in Nagoya. The event has grown year by year and has come to include 20 countries with 40 cosplay representatives and encompasses several events including the Osu Cosplay Parade and Cosplay Championship.
2003-2012: The first 10 years.
2003.
The first event was held on October 12 at Rose Court Hotel in Nagoya. 5 cosplayers were invited from Germany, France and Italy; events included a panel-discussion, photograph session, and mixer event.
An event review dealing with the contemporary situation of anime and manga in Frankfurt (Germany), Paris (France) and Rome (Italy) was produced called . The program was broadcast on November 24.
2004.
Held on August 1 at Ōsu shopping district in Naka-ku, Nagoya. 8 cosplayers were invited from Germany, France, Italy and the United States. 
This year marked the introduction of the Osu Cosplay Parade, which featured about 100 participants.
2005.
In 2005 the WCS transferred from an invitational based system to a system where preliminaries events were held around the world to select cosplay participants. This was also the first year to hold the Cosplay Championship. Single and group teams came to represent each country with 4 cosplayers from each nation. Along with supporting activities the event took place in 2 main locations: the Cosplayer Parade was held in Osu on July 31 and the Cosplay Championship was held at the Expo Dome on August 7 during Expo 2005. 40 people from seven countries participated in the first Cosplay Championship, France won the group category, Italy won the individual category and the overall contest winner was Italy.
The initial goal of the event was to bring a part of Japanese youth culture to Expo 2005 and the event enjoyed the support of the Expo organizing committee — the Japan Association for the 2005 World Exposition.
2006.
The next year the event moved to the venue for the Cosplay Championship to where it is currently held at Oasis 21 in Sakae, Nagoya. 9 countries competed (Italy, Germany, France, Spain, China, Brazil, Thailand, Singapore, and Japan.) with a total of 22 cosplayers participated.
This year the WCS gained the support of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA) and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport (MLIT). Over 5,000 people attended the Cosplay Championship stage event and several thousand more attended the Cosplay Parade. 
TV Aichi broadcast another TV documentary special, "World Cosplay Summit 2006: New Challengers".
2007.
The venue for the Cosplay Championship at Oasis 21 in Higashi-ku, Nagoya. Denmark, Mexico and South Korea joined the event this year to bring the number of participation nations to 12 with a total of 28 participating cosplayers. About 10,000 people attended the Cosplay Championship. 
On the evening of the championship, "World Cosplay Summit 2007: Giza-suge yatsura ga yattekita Z!"(World Cosplay Summit 2007: The Super Cool Have Arrived!) was televised. This year the event became a part of the 2007 "Visit Japan" campaign of the MLIT.
2008.
With growing recognition of the global economic benefits of Japans otaku culture the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) began to support the event. About 300 cosplayers participated in the parade.
13 countries with a total of 28 representative cosplayers performed in the Championship in front of 12,000 visitors. TV Aichi broadcast a TV documentary special "World Cosplay Summit 2008 - Everyone's Heroes get together!".
2009.
In April 2009, the "World Cosplay Summit Executive Committee" was created to support the development and expansion of the WCS. The Osu Parade has grown to 500 people and 30 representative cosplayers from 15 countries performed in the Cosplay Championship in front of 12,000 visitors.
The first international symposium was held at Nagoya University entitled "Outward Minded: Worldwide Impact of Cosplay and Interpretations in Japan".
2010.
The symposium was moved to Mode Gakuen Spiral Towers.
2011.
This year the Netherlands and Malaysia joined the participating nations to bring the total to 17.
This was the first year that the 'Special Tour' was held. after the last day of activities all cosplay representatives and organizers went on a tour of the Central Japan region staying that evening at a traditional hot springs hotel in the Chita Peninsula area.
2012.
This year the United Kingdom, Indonesia and Russia joined the event. Being the 10th anniversary of the WCS, the event was spread out over 12 days. Official visits were paid to Gifu, Mie, Tottori and Aichi Prefectural offices and there were 2 parades held, one in Ichinomiya during the Tanabata Festival and the annual parade in Osu, Nagoya. The order of the parade and championship were switched with the championship held on the Saturday and the parade on Sunday. This was also the first year that countries and regions could participate under Observer Status and with Hong Kong and Taiwan taking part in this manner the total number of participating countries came to 22.
2013.
Vietnam and the Philippines joined as Observer Nations this year bringing the number of participating countries and regions to 24. The event has been held with the help of local and international volunteers since 2009 however this year saw the beginning of the 'Omotenashi' student volunteer group. This was the first year of the event as an independent company after 10 years where it was organized through the Events Department of Aichi TV.
2014.
Portugal to join as Observer Nation bringing total number of participating nations/regions to 25.
World Cosplay Championship rules and regulations.
Regulations.
Regulations of the preliminaries for each country are decided by the event in which the respective preliminaries takes place. The following are participation regulations of the World Cosplay Summit finals in Japan 
Participant regulations (for WCS 2012).
1. Each country will be represented by one team of two cosplayers.
2. The costumes must be from Japanese anime, manga, video games and tokusatsu. 
3. Cosplay costumes are to be hand-made.
4. Prospective entrants must be able to travel to Japan for about one week from the end of July to early August for the World Cosplay Summit Championship.
5. Participating minors must have consent of a guardian. (Rules may vary depending on the preliminary rules in different countries)
6. Contestants must participate in a positive manner in order to ensure the success of the World Cosplay Summit.
7. Legal Documents (i.e. passport application, official documentation, etc...) must be prepared and submitted as quickly as possible at the request of the WCS sponsor (TV Aichi).
8. Media such as TV programs, internet homepages, newspapers, magazines, etc., may use photos and images of the preliminary contests prior to the World Cosplay Summit. On these occasions, compensation will not be furnished.
9. All image rights in all media exposure, such as news from TV programs and other assorted media involved with the World Cosplay Summit, promotional activities in print media as well as events and performances, and announcements of the Cosplay Summit both prior and during the event, will be attributed to TV Aichi.
10. After the World Cosplay Summit, images, photographs, footage, programs broadcast, internet homepages and DVDs etc. of the contestants will come under the jurisdiction of TV Aichi. Compensation will not be furnished for such images used by the media.
Preparation: rules and considerations.
1. A minimum of three costumes must be brought to Japan: one for the parade, one for the championship, and one for media appearances.
2. In the Cosplay Championship, the costumes of the characters must be from the same Japanese manga, anime, video game or tokusatsu series.
3. All equipment, costumes and props for the Cosplay Championship performance are limited to a maximum weight of 40 kilograms combined for both performers. 
4. All large props set on stage before the Cosplay Championship performance begins are limited to a maximum weight of 10 kilograms. Prop dimensions are limited to 2100 millimeters in height, 2100 millimeters in width and 900 millimeters in depth.
5. All large props set on stage are limited to a maximum of 3 items. Dimensions of hand held props carried onto the stage must be relayed to WCS head office in written form and accompanied by photographs.
6. It is not permitted to directly copy original drawings or logos to your equipment or props.
7. You are required to bear the cost of any overweight luggage charges when shipping costumes and other items. It is not possible to send them to Japan by air or ship beforehand.
8. Please prepare your own music for your performance. A performance sheet stating what you will perform is to be submitted in advance. The use of voice actors voices from original works in your music is prohibited.
9. Please send the documents and sound file at latest one month before the date of the Cosplay Championship.
Judging.
The Championship judges are a panel of usually 5 guest judges from the anime, manga and cosplay community.
Judging criteria.
Each judge of the cosplay championship can award 10 points for costume, 10 points for performance, and 5 points for faithfulness to the original work, for a maximum total of 25 points.
1. Performance (10 points): level of performance, inventiveness, entertainment.
2. Costume (10 points): design, faithfulness to the original characters costume.
3. Fidelity to Original (5 points): level of faithfulness of the performance towards the original story and characters.
Attending countries.
Attending countries in bold indicate first attendance for that year:
Partner organizations or events.
The following organizations have held the preliminary contests to select the representative of the country for the "Cosplay championship" since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18713601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713601" title="Dog Legislation Council of Canada">
Dog Legislation Council of Canada

The Dog Legislation Council of Canada (DLCC), (2003–Present) is a non-profit organization in support of dogs, which is located in Canada.
Mission statement.
The Mission Statement of the council is as follows:
BSL.
The council is currently involved in a breed-specific legislation court case in Ontario, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18713613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713613" title="Vocalocity">
Vocalocity

Vocalocity is a business Voice Over IP company, providing hosted PBX. The company specializes in micro enterprise companies of fewer than 20 employees.
Company Overview.
Vocalocity is a provider of small business Voice over IP (or VoIP) phone services, primarily targeted to hosted PBX for small businesses. Vocalocity specifically serves the small and medium-sized business market.
In 2009, Vocalocity announced that it had raised $4.1 million in Series B financing. TechOperators, an Atlanta-based venture capital firm, was the lead investor in this second round of funding, with participation from existing investors Noro-Moseley Partners, Pittco Capital Partners, Imlay Partners and members of the Vocalocity management team. With the new funding, the company announced that new features would be added, the apps platform would be extended, and that the new funding would help accelerate the growth of the company, according to the company press release. In 2009 it was also announced that the company planned to roll out a complementary suite of apps over the following months to provide "extended hosted IT infrastructure capabilities."
Product Releases.
In 2010, the company released Company Call Recording, a feature that enables companies to set rules to record all incoming calls for training and compliance purposes. It also rolled out its Virtual Receptionist, Click to Dial and Mask Caller ID features and deployed a series of new Quick Start Guides for end-users.
In 2011, Vocalocity released Paging Groups which give businesses the ability to make network-wide or group-specific announcement as well as Vocalocity Desktop, an application designed to power free plug-ins including LinkedIn, Google and caller locator as well as subscription-based plug-ins including Microsoft Dynamics and Microsoft Outlook. The following month, the company deployed its smartphone applications for iPhone and Android devices. The free mobile apps allow Vocalocity customers to access voicemail, change settings, and make calls to appear as though they are calling from their office number. 
To accompany its new line of products, Vocalocity repacked and redesigned its Customer Support Portal in late 2011. This online support resource enables customers to access help documentation, open support tickets, and check on the status of existing tickets.
Awards and Recognition.
In March 2008, Vocalocity was named as one the top five virtual PBX providers in the market. In 2011 and 2012, Vocalocity was recognized on Deloitte's Tech Fast 500 and was recognized on the Inc. 5000, an annual ranking of the fastest-growing private companies in America in both 2011 and 2012. In 2010, Vocalocity was also recognized on the Inc. 500 for its position as the 254th fastest-growing company in America. The VoIP provider has also earned three consecutive TMC Product of the Year awards, is a WhichVoIP Preferred Provider, and holds an “A” rating with the Better Business Bureau.
History.
Vocalocity has existed in its present form since the company Vocalocity Inc., a creator of call routing and telecom integration software, was purchased by a company providing hosted telecom services for small businesses, ZivVa Holdings, LLC in 2006.
ZivVa was founded by Boris Jerkunica and Phil Hill, who previously were the co-founders of NetZIP, a download technology.
In 2011, Vocalocity merged with fellow hosted VoIP provider Aptela to create a combined company with over 100,000 network endpoints and over 15,000 accounts.
As of 2012 Vocalocity's CEO, Wain Kellum, stated the company currently has close to 225 employees and is growing rapidly.
Vonage acquired Vocalocity on November 18, 2013.
Technology.
Vocalocity is a hosted virtual PBX. Vocalocity’s technology attempts to optimize the relocation to open telephony platforms by minimizing the development and integration of VoiceXML, CCXML, SIP and other evolving standards.

</doc>
<doc id="18713615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713615" title="Steffen Stegavik">
Steffen Stegavik

Steffen Stormo Stegavik (born 30 November 1983 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian handball player who plays as a middle back for Kolstad Håndball.
In January 2014, it was announced that Stegavik (whose contract is due to expire in the summer) has put pen to paper on future 2-year contract with HCM Minaur Baia Mare of the Romanian Liga Naţională. 
Personal life.
Since July 2013, he is married to Norwegian international handballer, Camilla Herrem.

</doc>
<doc id="18713622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713622" title="Program (machine)">
Program (machine)

A program is a list of instructions written in a programming language that is used to control the behavior of a machine, often a computer (in this case it is known as a computer program). 
Note that 'program' (not 'programme') is the standard spelling for this sense of the word in all versions of English.
Examples of programs include:
The execution of a program is a series of actions following the instructions it contains. Each instruction produces effects that alter the state of the machine according to its predefined meaning.
While some machines are called programmable, for example a Programmable thermostat or a musical synthesizer, they are in fact just devices which allow their users to select among a fixed set of a variety of options, rather than being controlled by programs written in a language (be it textual, visual or otherwise).

</doc>
<doc id="18713634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713634" title="Togara Muzanenhamo">
Togara Muzanenhamo

Togara Muzanenhamo (born 1975) is a Zimbabwean poet born in Lusaka, Zambia, to Zimbabwean parents. He was brought up in Zimbabwe on his family’s farm – thirty miles west of the capital Harare. He studied in France and the Netherlands. After his studies he returned to Zimbabwe and worked as a journalist, then moved to an institute dedicated to the development of African screenplays. Muzanenhamo's first collection of poems, "Spirit Brides", is published by Carcanet Press in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18713638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713638" title="Coenonympha arcania">
Coenonympha arcania

The Pearly Heath "(Coenonympha arcania)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Central Europe. It resembles Coenonympha hero.
The butterflies fly in one generation from May to August.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18713644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713644" title="Blyth Lifeboat Station">
Blyth Lifeboat Station

Blyth Lifeboat Station is operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and currently operates a D Class (IB1) “Jennie B” from the Station.
In 2007 the inshore lifeboat was launched on service 22 times, 11 people were rescued and £31,800 worth of craft were recovered.
All of this is accomplished by a volunteer crew with all equipment and running costs paid for through voluntary donations and contributions.

</doc>
<doc id="18713660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713660" title="Eva Gram Schjoldager">
Eva Gram Schjoldager

Eva Gram Schjoldager (born 8 May 1966) is a Danish actress and child star. In 1981, Shjoldager received international attention for her leading role as the bullied schoolgirl, Elin, in Nils Malmros's coming-of-age drama "Tree of Knowledge" ("Kundskabens træ"). Filming for the role was performed over a two-year period, while Schjoldager was 13- to 15-years-old, to realistically show her character's physical and emotional maturation. Afterward, Schjoldager appeared in only one other film: Malmros' 1983 drama "Skønheden og udyret" ("Beauty and the Beast"). She decided to leave acting after completing an education in psychology from Århus University in 1998. In 2001, she was living with her husband and children and working as a human resource manager for a software firm in Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18713671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713671" title="Shell Grotto, Pontypool">
Shell Grotto, Pontypool

The Shell Grotto - () - (sometimes called the Shell Hermitage) is a Grade II* listed (as of 7 February, 1962) late-18th-century stone built, slate roofed grotto decorated with shells and animal bones on the interior. It stands on a prominent ridge above sea level, within the boundary of Pontypool Park, Torfaen in South Wales. It is considered to be the best surviving grotto in Wales. It is an important local landmark commanding views south towards the Severn Estuary. A little further along the same ridge can be found the Folly Tower.
History.
The grotto was commissioned by John Hanbury as a hunting lodge/summerhouse in the late 18th century. During the early 19th century, Capel Hanbury Leigh (6 Oct 1776 - 28 Sep 1861) undertook renovations of the family house and park's grounds and it is thought that his wife Molly Ann (married 14 Apr 1797, she was the widow of Sir Robert Humphrey Mackworth (died 1794)) was responsible for the interior shell decoration. 
Although there is no direct evidence that the shell interior was Molly’s invention, it is known that she was an avid collector of shells (and built another shell grotto near her home at Gnoll). The shell decoration within grottoes was common during the 19th century and it follows that Molly may have followed the trend and begun the work to place the shells in the grotto.
The Hanbury family used the grotto for picnics during nearby shoots throughout the 19th century. During 1882 the then Prince of Wales (later Edward VII), is said to have picnicked at the grotto during a shoot.
Construction.
The grotto is constructed of local red Pennant sandstone and conical stone tiled with a fan vaulted roof (with six fans rising from six pillars) and the interior is covered with thousands of shells interspersed with minerals and real stalactites. The floor incorporates animal bones and teeth forming circles, stars and diamonds.
Restoration.
During the 20th century the grotto began to fall into disrepair and by the early 1990s the building was beginning to suffer from the elements as well as vandals. The roof of the grotto had collapsed, and some of the outer walls were beginning to crumble. Public access to the grotto was stopped during the 1970s.
Without renovation the grotto could have been lost totally. Initial reviews of the cost of renovating the property were very high and the local council sought external financial assistance.
Although some minor restoration to the roof was undertaken in January 1992, the grotto continued to suffer and the external walls were quickly becoming a major issue. It was during 1992 and 1993 that the intervention of the Welsh Heritage Authority, Cadw, and the European Regional Development Fund, that enough donations were secured to cover complete restoration of the building. 
The exterior of the building was restored over eight months during 1993 and 1994 which included repairs to damaged stone work, renovation of the chimney, roof timber replacement, a new roof, a replacement door and new windows and shutters.
The summer of 1994 saw completion of the exterior work, at a cost of £75,000. Although the exterior was now complete the magnificent shell interior was in complete disarray, due to the elements, the collapsed roof and vandals. 
In 1995 a campaign was begun to raise funds to match the local council’s resources to restore to former glories the interior of the grotto. Donations were secured once again from Cadw and from the Heritage Lottery Fund in Wales.
Restoration of the shell interior commenced in 1996 and a specialist team of conservators (St Blaise Ltd.) did the restoration of the intricate plaster and shell work. Repairs to the ceiling, pillars, walls and floors took four months to complete.
A photographic record had been taken of the shell interior some years earlier and this was valuable in ensuring that the repairs were true to character. Many of the shells and minerals that had been dislodged had been stored away and these, together with replacement material, were used in the restoration process. British shells provide the majority of the shells used and include mussels, cockles, periwinkles and limpets, accompanied by a few examples of exotic species such as pearl oyster, conch and cowrie.
The restoration of one of the finest shell grottoes in Wales was completed in December 1996, enabling residents and visitors to Pontypool to once again visit this magnificent hilltop Grotto and enjoy the splendour of the shell interior and the panoramic views.
The root work around walls and ceiling was riddled with worm. To stabilise these almost hollow structures a resin and solvent mixture was painstakingly injected into the holes with a hypodermic needle. When the solvent evaporated the resin hardened making the whole root solid.
The rustic chairs were restored by piecing in new segments which were missing, repairing broken sections, and scraping back layers of modern paint. The chairs had originally been painted, the dull green colour being analysed under the microscope and dated to the middle 19th Century. With the new pieces of wood needing to be painted, it was decided to repaint all chairs in a specially mixed colour to match the original.
Access and opening times.
Visiting the grotto involves a steep climb over uneven ground so access can be difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="18713672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713672" title="Coenonympha hero">
Coenonympha hero

The Scarce Heath "(Coenonympha hero)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Central Europe, Northern Europe and Asia. It resembles Coenonympha arcania.
The butterflies fly in one generation from May to July.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18713674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713674" title="USS Suncook (AN-80)">
USS Suncook (AN-80)

USS "Suncook" (YN-99/AN-80) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short lived; however, after decommissioning, she was reactivated in 1962 for use as a research ship for the U.S. Bureau of Mines, where she served as the "Grass Valley".
Constructed at Portland, Oregon.
"Suncook" (AN-80) was laid down at Portland, Oregon, on 30 November 1944 by the Commercial Iron Works; launched on 16 February 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Laura B. Stephenson; and commissioned on 5 May 1945, Lt. Robert C. Ramey, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
She conducted shakedown and training off the California coast until 8 July, when she departed for Pearl Harbor. From there, she was routed on to Eniwetok Atoll in the central Pacific Ocean. She arrived at the huge anchorage on 1 August, just two weeks before the cessation of hostilities. There she tended nets for the next seven months, making one round-trip voyage to Ponape and back in December 1945.
Post-war service.
In March 1946, she sailed to Guam in company with and after two weeks there, continued on to Bikini Atoll in the Marshall Islands, where she arrived on 30 March. 
"Suncook" remained in the vicinity of Bikini and Kwajalein Atolls until September, supporting the atomic bomb tests known as Operation Crossroads. On 2 September, she cleared the area and sailed via Pearl Harbor to the U.S. West Coast. She reached Seattle, Washington, on 30 September and remained there until June of the following year, undergoing radiological clearance.
Post-Navy service and disposition.
In January 1947, she was placed in reserve, but remained in commission. On 10 June, she departed Seattle, Washington, and arrived, two days later, in Astoria, Oregon, where she was placed out of commission. She remained with the "mothball" fleet until August 1961, when custody was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration. 
In September 1962, she was again transferred, this time to the U.S. Bureau of Mines for use as a research ship at the Marine Mineral Technology Center at Tiburon, California.
Re-named "Grass Valley".
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 1 September 1962 and she became the research vessel, "Grass Valley". She served under that name until returned to the Navy for disposal on 18 June 1968. On 28 July 1971, her hulk was sold to the Waterman Supply Co., Wilmington, California.
Note.
The vessel was built as the USS "Suncook", but was commissioned as the USS "Suncock".

</doc>
<doc id="18713677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713677" title="Ma Xinyi">
Ma Xinyi

Ma Xinyi (; Styled and variably 穀三 ; Posthumous title: 端敏公 (Duke Duanmin); (born 1821 – died 26th of 7th month Chinese calendar or 22 August 1870) was an eminent Hui official and a military general of the late Qing Dynasty in China.
Along with other prominent figures, including Hu Linyi and Guam Wing, Ma raised the Green Standard Army to fight against the Taiping Rebellion and restore the stability of Qing Dynasty. This set the scene for the era later known as the "Tongzhi Restoration"（同治中兴）. His assassination symbolized the serious conflict between the Xiang Army and Green Standard Army, both of which fought for the Qing Dynasty.
Early life.
Born as a native of Heze, Shandong (荷澤) in 1821, he had successfully passed the metropolitan examinations at the age of 26 (1847), a prestigious achievement in China. He had earned the "Jinshi" degree, the highest level in the civil service examinations, which led to his appointment to the Hanlin Academy, a body of outstanding Chinese literary scholars who performed literary tasks for the imperial court.
Assassination.
He was later appointed Viceroy of Liangjiang (the provinces of Jiangxi, Anhui, and Jiangsu: 两江总督) in 1868. On 1870, Ma Xinyi was assassinated and his killer was never caught. Many historical rumours implicate the Empress Dowager Cixi.
Films.
萬箭穿心（The Oath of Death 1971）
刺馬（Blood Brothers (1973 film) ）
五雷轟頂（Thunderbolt 1973）
投名狀（The Warlords），Jet Li as Ma Xinyi 2007年12月上映。
All above films are loosely based on his life.

</doc>
<doc id="18713679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713679" title="Andy Metcalfe">
Andy Metcalfe

Andy Metcalfe (born 1956, Bristol, England) is an English bassist, keyboardist and producer, who played mainly with The Soft Boys (with Robyn Hitchcock, 1976–1979), Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians (1984–1994), and with Squeeze off and on during the period 1985-1994.
He co-produced several of the Egyptians albums ("Gotta Let This Hen Out!", "Element of Light", "Globe Of Frogs" and "Queen Elvis"), contributing guitars, keyboards and string arrangements along with his melodic bass lines. Since the break-up of the Egyptians, his production credits include Glenn Tilbrook, The Autumns, Sugarplastic, Kimberley Rew, Plainsong, Julian Dawson, Clear, Jazz Passengers with Debbie Harry, Helen Roche; often playing bass and keyboards on the sessions. His guest appearances on albums include David Gray, Nick Harper, Tim Keegan... and he was MD and keyboard player for Channel 4's Vic Reeves Big Night Out.
He currently plays in Three Minute Tease – a trio with songwriter Anton Barbeau and fellow Soft Boy/Egyptian drummer Morris Windsor – and co-produced the band's debut album "Three Minute Tease", released in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18713681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713681" title="Universidad de Manila">
Universidad de Manila

The Universidad de Manila ("UdM") (formerly known as City College of Manila and also known as Gat Andrés Bonifacio University) is a public university in Manila, Philippines. It is one of the two city-funded universities of Manila,
The main campus of Universidad de Manila, which houses the Administration Building of the Division of City Schools-Manila, is at the heart of the Mehan Garden adjacent to the Liwasang Bonifacio, Manila City Library and the Light Rail Transit Central Terminal.
Apart from its main campus, the university maintains satellite centers in many parts of the City of Manila such as Escolta, Recto, Del Pan, San Andres, Dapitan and Tayuman.
The university's original name is City College of Manila (CCM). In 2007, when Alfredo Lim was re-elected as mayor, he reverted UDM to its original name; a few months into office, he renamed it Universidad de Manila.
The founder of the university, Mayor Alfredo Lim, said that the "egalitarian UDM complements the elite PLM. For its part, the City College delivers practical education to average student."
History.
Universidad de Manila was founded in 1995 during the term of Manila Mayor Alfredo Lim. It was then located in the old 12-storey high Philippine National Bank Building in the district of Santa Cruz.
In its early years, and before it acquired its current name and status, many controversies haunted the CCM. Among the issues were the low passing rates that it had received and its proposed transformation into a district college of the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila. PLM and the CCM students opposed the plan; thus, it never materialized.
In early 2005, many environmental groups resisted the construction of the new building at the Mehan Garden, but there were organizations that backed the move. Later on, the City Council unanimously voted in favor of transferring the CCM's main building to the site, and the construction of a five-storey edifice ensued. In that same year, the CCM integrated sports in its curriculum in line with the plan of establishing the Manila Sports Academy, which is tasked to provide free college education to deserving athletes and outstanding performers and develop future sports educators. Additionally, the college took part in the enforcement of English as the medium of instruction.
A year later, Manila City officials, including Mayor Lito Atienza, initiated the elevation of CCM to a university to promote higher learning and provide more opportunities to Manila youth for a quality education. By virtue of the amendments of Ordinance No. 7885, which was authored by majority floor leader Ernesto Dionisio and some members of the majority bloc, the CCM acquired the name Universidad de Manila (UDM). During the same year, UDM hosted the International Youth Expo, with the theme, "Showcasing an Ideal World through Visuals."
In 2007, the Commission on Higher Education allowed the UDM to confer postgraduate studies. On November 30 of the same year, during the commemoration of the 144th birth anniversary of Andrés Bonifacio, Lim renamed the school in honor of Bonifacio, who despite of financial difficulties pursued knowledge through self-education.
has three buildings, in the Annex, Escolta and the Main Building.
Colleges.
The university's ten colleges offer courses from bachelor to postgraduate degree programs. Degree programs, such as Criminology, Social Work, Physical Therapy and Nursing, are considered as the University's pilot courses.
College of Business and Entrepreneurship (CBE).
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration major in:
College of Criminology (CCr).
For five straight years, the College of Criminology has consistently been ranked by the Professional Regulation Commission as the leading criminology school in the Philippines out of 196 participating schools.
College of Nursing (CNr).
The College of Nursing is affiliated with Gat. Andres Memorial Medical Center, Ospital ng Sampaloc, Ospital ng Tondo, Ospital ng Maynila Medical Center, and other health centers in Metro Manila. It was recognized as the Top 3 nursing school in the Philippines by the Professional Regulation Commission in the June 2007 Nursing Licensure Examination. But it's decelerating performance failed to make a cut against UP, UST, PLM, Cebu Doctor's University, Siliman University, etc.
College of Physical Therapy (CPT).
The College of Physical Therapy is located at the main campus, and it is affiliated with the Philippine Orthopedic Center, RMR Physical and Occupational Therapy Clinic, Veterans Memorial Medical Center, Ospital ng Maynila, Santa Ana Hospital, Dr. Fe Del Mundo Medical Center and Foundation, Medical Center Muntinlupa, Hospicio de San Jose, and other hospitals and health centers in Metro Manila. In the 2007, 2008, and 2010 board examinations, the college produced 100% passing rate; two of its passers ranked second and fourth among the list of top examinees nationwide.
Admission requirements.
The university is open to all graduating high school students of Manila public schools and out-of-school youth. Application forms are free and can be secured at the Office of Registrar. Applicants must meet all requirements provided below before he or she is eligible to take the Admission Test.
For graduating high school students
Accomplished application form;
Photocopy of High School Card, with 2nd quarter grades duly certified by the School Principal or Class Adviser;
Photocopy of Birth Certificate;
Parent Voter ID or 2008 Income Tax Return Form;
2 pieces 1.5 x 1.5 colored ID picture with name tag in white background; and,
1 long folder.
Student enrollment.
The university started with some 2,000 enrollees until its population increased to 6,000. From October 2005 to January 2006, 1,051 students out of 1,600 enrollees graduated in their selected courses. Some 290 students finished the basic computer course while 11 finished the photo silkscreen and signage course. The assessment report prepared by the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority showed that 234 examinees passed the knowledge assessment, while 189 passed the skills assessment, which resulted to a 100% passing rate in January 2006.
In 2005, the university had more than 14,000 students, of whom 9,830 were in the college programs (psychology, mass communications, mathematics, political science, physical therapy, criminology, nursing, electronics, education and computer engineering, social work, among others).
More than 4,200 others had been trained in ladderized courses. Under this generic program called Bachelor of Science in Industrial Technology fall most of the vocational and technical courses like automotive mechanics, hotel and restaurant technology, refrigeration and air-conditioning, among others. More than 3,500 students are housed in its main campus at the Mehan Garden.
Athletics.
The University's sports teams are nicknamed the Merlions. Student athletes participate in the Alculympics, National Students Basketball Championship, Manila Youth Games, and other intramural sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18713684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713684" title="Eugénie de Gramont">
Eugénie de Gramont

Eugénie de Gramont (b. at Versailles, 17 September 1788; d. at Paris, 19 November 1846) was a French nun of the Society of the Sacred Heart.
Life.
She became a member of the Society of the Sacred Heart in 1806, encountering it at Amiens. Her aristocratic mother also joined it a few years afterwards, and made her novitiate under the guidance of her own daughter. 
In 1815, despite her relative youth and the drawback of a slight physical deformity, Mother de Gramont was placed in charge of the first school of the Sacred Heart, opened in Paris, Rue des Postes, afterwards transferred to the Rue de Varenne. The school flourished under her care and, after a short interruption of her work by the revolution of 1830, she was sent back to govern the house as superioress and continued to do so until her death in 1846.
Madeleine Sophie Barat, founder of the Society, had concerns, however. The two women were divided over the role of Louis de Sambucy de Saint-Estève; and in 1839 de Gramont opposed Barat. They were later reconciled.
Family.
Her father, the Count de Gramont d'Aster, was attached to the Court of Louis XVI; he had married a daughter of the Count de Boisgelin, maid of honour to Queen Marie Antoinette. The family was driven into exile by the French Revolution and the subsequent fall of the monarchy. After travelling in Germany and Italy, they settled at Richmond in England. After the death of the Count de Gramont d'Aster, his widow was for a time in straitened circumstances, and maintained herself and her child by teaching. She soon returned to France. 

</doc>
<doc id="18713692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713692" title="Compulsion (album)">
Compulsion (album)

Compulsion!!!!! is the eighth jazz album by pianist Andrew Hill. It was originally released in 1966 under the Blue Note Label as BST 84217. It was remastered by Rudy Van Gelder in 2006.
Background and album concept.
Hill's intention was to ""...construct an album expressing the legacy of the Negro tradition."", and to use the piano more as a percussive instrument than a melodic one. The second number, "Legacy", was dedicated to the Afro-American legacy, and is followed by "Premonition", which Hill described as "" indicating not alone a look ahead, but rather a sufficiently revealing look backward, so that you can really begin to know what may come."" The album concludes with "Limbo", a 20-bar tune, a piece written to represent the state in which Hill considered the majority of Afro-Americans to be in at the time, not drawing on their heritage. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Andrew Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="18713698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713698" title="Coenonympha glycerion">
Coenonympha glycerion

The Chestnut Heath "(Coenonympha glycerion)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in Eastern Europe and temperate parts of Asia.
Flight Period.
The butterflies fly in one generation from June to August.
Food plants.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18713734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713734" title="Bucharest West Power Station">
Bucharest West Power Station

The Bucharest West Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Bucharest having 5 generation groups, 4 of 40 MW each commissioned in 1955, and one group of 190 MW commissioned in 2007 having a total electricity generation capacity of 310 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18713760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713760" title="Melanargia lachesis">
Melanargia lachesis

The Iberian Marbled White "(Melanargia lachesis)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found on the Iberian Peninsula and the south of France.
The length of the forewings is 25–28 mm. The butterflies fly in one generation from June to August.
The larvae feed on various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18713761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713761" title="Glider (bot)">
Glider (bot)

Glider, also known as WoWGlider or MMOGlider, was a bot created by MDY Industries, which interoperates with "World of Warcraft". Glider automates and simplifies actions by the user through the use of scripting to perform repetitive tasks while the user is away from the computer. This allows the user to acquire in-game currency and level-ups of the character without being present to perform the required actions. As of 2008, it had sold approximately 100,000 copies.
MDY v. Blizzard.
While MDY Industries asserts that the software is meant to overcome design flaws in the "World of Warcraft" environment, Blizzard contended in a 2006 United States federal lawsuit that the program's use violated their terms of service. In July 2008, the court entered summary judgment holding MDY Industries liable for tortious interference and copyright infringement, based, in part, upon the legal premise that users of the "World of Warcraft" client software are licensees rather than owners of their copy of software.
Public Knowledge, a public interest group which filed an amicus brief in the case, criticized the decision, saying it makes the loading into memory of legally obtained software an act of copyright infringement subject to high statutory penalties, if the user has violated the software's license agreement in any way. The court did not hold this view and found that Glider infringed upon Blizzard's intellectual property by making an illicit copy of the "World of Warcraft" client in order to avoid Blizzard's anti-cheating software, Warden, and ordered MDY Industries to pay Blizzard six million dollars. In finding this, the court agreed with Blizzard that "World of Warcraft" is licensed, not sold. 
Following the judgment, Blizzard petitioned to enjoin MDY Industries from distributing Glider or releasing its source code. In March 2009, MDY Industries suspended Glider sales and operations pursuant to an injunction. On December 14, 2010, United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit issued its ruling. They agreed that users were licensees rather than owners of the software. They changed the ruling on copyright, stating that users were in breach of contract concerning the end-user license agreement (EULA), but that this did not constitute a violation of copyright. Nevertheless, they ruled that the bot violated the DMCA. MDY requested that the case be sent back for review, but as of August 2011, the court had yet to hear or agree to any review. MDY's owner, Michael Donnely stated in a release on the official forums that given the manner of the ruling and the statements by the court, it was highly unlikely that MDY was going to be able to bring Glider back in any form. He stated that they were looking at their options, and that he would speak with the lawyers working the case, but due to the cost of the case it was not likely that there was much that they could do. By September 2011, mmoglider.com, the official "Glider" homepage, had vanished. As of February 23, 2012, Blizzard owns the domain, and it is currently redirecting to battle.net's website. 

</doc>
<doc id="18713791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713791" title="Anita Dunn">
Anita Dunn

Anita Dunn is an American political strategist who served as White House Communications Director from April through November 2009. She is a senior partner at SKDKnickerbocker, a strategic communications firm in Washington, D.C., and has recently become a contributor for NBC News / MSNBC / CNBC.
Life and career.
Dunn was raised in Bethesda, Maryland, the daughter of Albert E. Babbitt and Carol Hutto Babbitt. Her father's brother was the modernist composer, Milton Babbitt. She began her career in the Carter White House, first as an intern for White House Communications Director Gerald Rafshoon and then worked for chief of staff Hamilton Jordan. She worked on the campaign of Senator John Glenn (D-OH) in 1984, and on Capitol Hill before joining the firm founded by Bob Squier and William Knapp in 1993. She has been the adviser to Senator Bill Bradley (D-NJ), including serving as the chief strategist for his presidential campaign, Senator Evan Bayh (D-IN), former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle (D-SD). In 2004, Anita produced the media for Congressman Lloyd Doggett (D-TX). She was hired by then-Senator Barack Obama in 2006 to direct communications and strategy for his political action committee, The Hopefund. This move signaled to many that Obama was planning to run for the presidency. While advising Hopefund and Obama in 2006, she was instrumental in the preparations for the launch of Obama for America, and brought many key staffers to the Obama campaign with whom she had worked in Bayh's and Daschle's offices.
Obama campaign.
In April 2008, it was announced that Dunn, who had joined the Obama campaign in February, would be the director of communications, policy and research operations for Obama for America, where she held the title Senior Adviser and was one of the major decision makers of the Obama campaign. She was featured as one of four top advisers (along with David Axelrod, David Plouffe, and Robert Gibbs) in a 60 Minutes interview held after then President-elect Obama's November 4, 2008 victory speech at Grant Park, Chicago, Illinois. She was described, in the 60 Minutes interview, as, "a relative newcomer who handled communications, research and policy." During the presidential transition of 2008-09, Dunn trained White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs.
White House Communications Director.
Dunn served as interim White House Communications Director. She took the lead in the Obama administration's criticism of the Fox News Channel. On Sunday, October 11, 2009, she appeared on CNN's "Reliable Sources" and was asked to clarify a statement she made to "Time" magazine regarding Fox News, "it's opinion journalism masquerading as news." She responded by saying, "if you were a Fox News viewer in the fall election, what you would have seen would have been that the biggest stories and biggest threats facing America were a guy named Bill Ayers and something called . The reality of it is that Fox News often operates almost as either the research arm or the communications arm of the Republican Party." She added, "And it's not ideological. Obviously, there are many commentators who have conservative, liberal, centrist, and everybody understands that. But I think what is fair to say about FOX and certainly the way we view it is that it really is more a wing of the Republican Party."
Following her statements, Fox News host Glenn Beck played on his show a portion of a speech Dunn gave at a high school graduation, during which she referenced Mao Zedong and Mother Teresa as two of her "favorite political philosophers." Beck stated that the speech revealed Dunn as a Maoist, while Dunn stated that her reference was meant to be ironic, and was a quote borrowed from Republican strategist Lee Atwater.
SKDK.
Dunn left her interim post at the end of November 2009 and was replaced by her deputy Dan Pfeiffer.
After leaving the White House, Dunn rejoined SKDK. She has maintained strong connections with the administration and White House records show that she has visited there over 100 times since 2009. The firm added many Obama administration insiders. Criticism has been raised about some of the clients represented by the firm. In particular, SKDKnickerbocker corporate clients include such controversial companies as the for-profit Kaplan University and TransCanada, the developer of the Keystone XL pipeline. The progressive social change organization CredoAction has mounted a petition calling on Ms. Dunn to stop working on behalf of TransCanada calling it a "betrayal of the commitments that so many of us worked so hard for, and that Dunn herself played a huge role in shaping." 
2012 Obama campaign.
During the 2012 Obama campaign, Dunn helped Obama prepare for the debates.
Personal life.
Dunn is married to Robert Bauer, former partner at Perkins Coie and current personal counsel to President Obama and the White House Counsel. Bauer has also been the general counsel of Obama for America since January 2007. In 2008, "Newsweek" named Dunn and Bauer the new "power couple" in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18713795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713795" title="Melanargia ines">
Melanargia ines

The Spanish Marbled White "(Melanargia ines)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found on the Iberian Peninsula and western North Africa.
The length of the forewings is 23–25 mm. The butterflies fly in one generation from May to June.
The larvae feed on various grasses such as Brachypodium pinnatum en Bromus madritensis.

</doc>
<doc id="18713799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713799" title="Christian Berg">
Christian Berg

Christian Berg (born 17 May 1978) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Norwegian team Fredrikstad.
Berg is the captain of Bodø/Glimt, where he started his professional career in 1996. He has made over 200 appearances for the club.
He is not related to the three brothers Ørjan, Runar and Arild Berg who have played for Bodø/Glimt as well.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18713803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713803" title="Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians">
Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians

Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians was a band led by Robyn Hitchcock. It was formed in 1984 and split in 1994, and was famous for college-radio hits like "Balloon Man" (1988), Madonna Of The Wasps (1989) and "So You Think You're In Love" (1991). 

</doc>
<doc id="18713808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713808" title="Country Justice">
Country Justice

Country Justice (also known as Family Rescue) is a 1997 American made for TV crime drama film. 
Plot.
Emma (Rachael Leigh Cook) is a 15-year-old girl who was raised in a Western Virginia mining town by her miner grandfather, Clayton Hayes (George C. Scott). She wants to know about her mother Angie Baker (Ally Sheedy), who abandoned her when she was a baby. She decides to go visit her mother in Tennessee. 
When she arrives at her the trailer where her mother lives, she is greeted by her mother's partner Ray Wilcox (Don Diamont) who is attracted to her the minute he meets her. He keeps complimenting her using superficial charm until one night she goes out to dinner with him. He gives her too much champagne, then takes her to an abandoned trailer on the same lot that her mother Angie and Ray lives on and starts kissing Emma on the lips and whispering in Emma's ear that "I love you should be mine" while he strips off Emma's shoes and stockings and begins to rape her. 
This results in Emma becoming pregnant. She tells her grandfather, who threatens to murder Ray. Then Ray starts stalking her, which in turn ends up making her go into labor. Ray sues for sole custody of their son; he wins the case, but Clayton kidnaps the baby. 
After becoming a fugitive, the police arrive at Emma's house along with Ray to get the baby. Emma tells them she doesn't have the baby and after persistent questioning and threats from Ray, they leave. Clayton is assisted by various friends while on the run, including a minister. 
Clayton is forced to come out of hiding and seek a hospital when the baby's health starts to decline causing him to stop breathing. He is eventually found and Emma wins the custody fight on appeal and Clayton is granted custody of the baby. Ray comes back and tries to talk to Angie, but Clayton sends him away. At the end of the movie Angie, Clayton, and Emma living together and taking care of the baby and Emma going to school.

</doc>
<doc id="18713809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713809" title="Luduș-Iernut Power Station">
Luduș-Iernut Power Station

The Luduş-Iernut Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Iernut, Mureş County having 6 generation groups, 4 of 100 MW and 2 groups of 200 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 800 MW.
In 2007, a contract was signed with Austrian company Verbund for the installation of a seventh electricity generation group of 400 MW at a total cost of US$ 375 million that will increase the installed capacity of the power plant to 1,200 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18713822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713822" title="Château La Tour de Mons">
Château La Tour de Mons

Château La Tour de Mons, archaically named Tour de Marsac, is a winery and wine from the appellation Margaux, located in the Left Bank of the Bordeaux wine region of France, in the commune of Soussans. The wine was rated "Cru Supérieur" in the "Cru Bourgeois" classification of 1932, and through later revisions until the temporary annulment of the classification in 2007.
The winery also produces a second wine named Marquis de Mons Margaux.
History.
The estate is traced back to the 15th century, and initial efforts of restoration are dated to 1615 when the property came to the de Mons family through the marriage of Pierre de Mons and the sole daughter of the Baron de Soussans. Remaining the property of connecting families, the estate under the ownership of the Clauzel, Binaud and Cruchet, heirs of Pierre Dubos, long shared patronage with Château Cantemerle, and periodically spells of neglect. 
The wine over long periods enjoyed a good reputation, and in the mid-18th century fetched higher prices than Pontet-Canet or Lynch-Bages. It was among the estates proposed by INAO and Alexis Lichine for classification in the early 1960s.
The estate was sold to a group of investors, the Crédit Agricole and the Caisse des Dépôts et des Placements du Québec, in 1995, followed by extensive restorations.
Production.
The vineyard area extends with a grape variety distribution of 34% Cabernet Sauvignon, 55% Merlot, 5% Cabernet Franc and 6% Petit Verdot. The annual production averages 323,000 bottles.

</doc>
<doc id="18713836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713836" title="Web4Dev">
Web4Dev

Web4Dev is the name given a series of international conferences first convened in 2003 by the World Bank. Attendees, who include UN system organizations, international development agencies, international development NGOs and, on occasion, commercial partners, use the conferences to discuss how the internet related technologies can be applied to support the Millennium Development Goals. The community is now co-ordinated by UN System Chief Executives Board Secretariat.
The sixth annual conference was held in February 2010 in Brasilia, under the oversight of UNESCO.

</doc>
<doc id="18713838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713838" title="Love and Other Demons">
Love and Other Demons

Love and Other Demons is an opera in two acts by Hungarian composer Péter Eötvös to a libretto by the Hungarian author Kornél Hamvai. It premiered on 10 August 2008 at the Glyndebourne Festival. The libretto is based on the novel "Of Love and Other Demons" (1994) by Gabriel García Márquez. The opera is the result of a commission by Glyndebourne and the BBC; it was broadcast in full on BBC Radio 3 on Saturday, 11 October 2008.
Plot.
Maria is living with her father who is not taking care of her. She prefers to be with the servants and slaves. When there is an eclipse of the sun, she is bitten by a dog with rabies. She suffers no reaction; nevertheless, she is brought to a convent where Father Delaura is supposed to take care of her. He is supposed to exorcise her of demons but falls in love with her. As this is recognized she is removed from the convent and the bishop himself will exorcise her demons. She dies in the process.
Roles.
At Glyndebourne, the performance lasted for 3 hours 50 minutes, including a 1 hour 20 minutes interval. The staging is a co-production with the Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre.
Instrumentation.
The instrumentation calls for:
Comments.
Unusually, "Love and Other Demons" consistently uses multiple languages. The different levels of narration and action in the story have their own characteristic language: English is the 'everyday language' of the noblemen, Latin is the language of the church rites, Spanish is used by Delaura whenever his conversations with Sierva touch on personal feelings, and Yoruba is the 'secret' language of the slaves.
German Production, 2009.
The first German production was presented on 31 January 2009 at the Chemnitz Opera under the direction of Dietrich Hilsdorf and with Julia Bauer in the role of Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="18713861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713861" title="Roy Courlander">
Roy Courlander

Roy Nicolas Courlander, (6 December 1914 – 1979), nicknamed 'Reg', was a member of the German Waffen-SS British Free Corps and former member of the British Union of Fascists.
Biography.
Early life.
Born illegitimately, Courlander was adopted by Lithuanian Jewish businessman, Leonard Henry Courlander (1878–1970) and Edith Cater (1898-?), who sent him to boarding school. When he was 19, his parents divorced and he was sent to live and work on a coconut plantation owned by his father in the New Hebrides in the South Pacific. In November 1938, Courlander arrived in New Zealand and found work as a clerk with the Land and Income Tax Department in Wellington. On the outbreak of war, Courlander was enlisted into the New Zealand army, and served in the Western Desert and Greece, where he was captured in April 1941.
Military life.
He joined the New Zealand Army and was captured in Greece in 1941. Courlander posed as a “White Russian émigré” and claimed to have extreme anti-Soviet views. He participated in the Nazi broadcast into Britain.
Subsequently, the Germans recruited Courlander for the British Free Corps. Although the name 'Leonard Courlander' appears in some records in connection with the British Free Corps, the actual member appears to be Roy Courlander. Along with Thomas Cooper, he is said to have forcibly recruited British and Dominion POWs for the British Free Corps.
Courlander and another man, Francis Maton, left the BFC by volunteering for service with the war correspondent unit SS-Standarte Kurt Eggers, which was operating on the Western Front. Their ultimate goal was to make for the Allied lines at the first chance. Courlander removed all of the BFC insignia from their uniforms, replacing them with the standard SS patches and rank. The two men boarded a train for Brussels in the company of a Flemish Waffen-SS unit. On 3 September, the two men arrived in Brussels, where they went into hiding rather than face the advancing Allied army. The following day, they gave themselves up to a British officer, thus becoming the first two BFC men to be arrested.
Lance Corporal Courlander was arrested and tried by court martial by the New Zealand military authorities in Margate, England, and on 3 October 1945, six years to the day after enlisting, Roy was sentenced to 15 years in prison. In 1946, he was transferred to Mount Eden prison in Auckland, New Zealand, until his release in 1951.
Later life.
After serving his time, Courlander moved to Australia in the early 1950s to start a new life, but spent his last years moving between homes. He ended up in a small industrial town of Lethbridge Park, two hours' drive from Sydney, which at the time was home to many serving and former soldiers. His last known address was a ground-floor council flat in a graffiti-scarred rundown block.
He died in Australia in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18713865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713865" title="George Forbes (businessman)">
George Forbes (businessman)

George Robert Forbes (born 9 October 1945 in Coldstream, Scotland) is a Scottish businessman and a former chairman of Newcastle United Football Club.
Biography.
Forbes grew up on the family farm in Berwickshire and is the sixth generation of Forbes to have lived and farmed there.
He qualified as a livestock auctioneer and went from an employee at Wooler Auction Mart (in Northumberland) to the owner of the business and site, subsequently turning it into the biggest livestock auction mart in the United Kingdom. At the time the business encompassed various other livestock auction mart sites including Tyneside Auction Mart in Newcastle upon Tyne. Forbes eventually sold the livestock auction business to John Swan PLC, where he remains a director to this day.
In the 1980s, Forbes was invited to join the Newcastle United board of directors as it aimed to appease fan discontent by appointing a number of local businessmen. Forbes was a Newcastle United supporter from his early years and attended games throughout the country from his late teens. He moved from director to vice-chairman and finally chairman at Newcastle in 1990. He chaired the club during an extremely difficult period for no salary and no financial gain and was chairman during the takeover by Sir John Hall in 1992.
After the takeover and his resignation as chairman in 1992, Forbes declined the opportunity to become a shareholding member of the new board of directors as he believed that Hall's interests were financial and not those of a Newcastle United supporter. It is rumoured that Hall had not been to a Newcastle game before his interest in purchasing the football club.
Forbes was appointed chairman of British Cereal Exports (BCE) in 2006, a post he held until 2013. BCE is part of HGCA and promotes exports of UK cereals as whole grain on behalf of the industry.
Forbes has expanded the family farm to a substantial acreage which is farmed by one of his businesses, GRF Farms. Forbes also invests in and develops property through another of his businesses, GRF Property.
Forbes continues to live at the family farm near Coldstream in Berwickshire.
He has two children (Sarah and Ian) with his wife, Judy.

</doc>
<doc id="18713902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713902" title="Lasiommata petropolitana">
Lasiommata petropolitana

The Northern Wall Brown "(Lasiommata petropolitana)" is a butterfly species belonging to the family Nymphalidae. It can be found in large parts of Europe, from the Pyrenees and Alps up to Scandinavia and Finland, up to Russia and Siberia.
The males are 19–21 mm. The butterflies fly in one or two generations from April to September.
The larvae feed on various grasses, mainly Dactylis glomerata, Festuca rubra and Festuca ovina .

</doc>
<doc id="18713908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713908" title="Sonic Orb">
Sonic Orb

Sonic Orb is the EP by the Dutch doom metal band Celestial Season. It was released on Displeased Records in 1995. This was the first album featuring new vocalist Cyril Crutz and changing style to stoner metal, while old doom metal influences are still strong.

</doc>
<doc id="18713916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713916" title="TRINITY">
TRINITY

SSC RF "Troitsk Institute of Innovative and Thermonuclear Research" or TRINITY for short ) is a Russian state scientific center (SSC) in the field of controlled thermonuclear fusion, plasma physics, laser physics, and the technology and practical application of impulse sources of power supply based on MHD generators.
It is located in Troitsk, Moscow Oblast. It was established in 1956 as the Magnetic Laboratory of the USSR Academy of Sciences by an initiative of the academician Anatoly Aleksandrov.
In 1961, it was merged into Kurchatov Institute as a special sector (later a section). From 1971 it was a subdivision of Kurchatov Institute under the direction of academician Evgeny Velikhov. From 1978 until December 2003 its director was the USSR Academy of Sciences correspondent member Vyacheslav Pismenniy. Currently, its Director is Professor V. E. Cherkovets.
TRINITY was reestablished in 1991 receiving its current name. In 1994 it was granted the status of State Scientific Center (SSC), which was renewed in 1997, 2000, 2002, 2004, and 2007.
TRINITY operates the experimental facility Angara 5-1 and the thermonuclear complex SFT (Strong Field Tokamak T-11M).

</doc>
<doc id="18713924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713924" title="2008–09 Northern Premier League">
2008–09 Northern Premier League

The 2008–09 was the 41st season for the Northern Premier League Premier Division, and the second season for the Northern Premier League Division One North and South.
As continuing part of non-league restructuring, the Division One South temporarily has 20 teams, while the Division One North contains 21, with a targeted number for both of 22 teams. This will naturally affect the number of relegation slots available this season, as the league attempts to enlarge the size of the divisions at the end of the season.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division features six new clubs:
Division One North.
The Division One North features six new clubs:
Division One South.
The Division One South features seven new clubs:
Cup Results.
Challenge Cup: Teams from all 3 divisions.
President's Cup: Teams from lower 2 divisions.
Chairman's Cup: Between Champions of NPL Division 1 North and NPL Division 1 South.
Peter Swales Shield: Between Champions of NPL Premier Division and Winners of the Chairmans Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18713926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713926" title="Cassy O'Connor">
Cassy O'Connor

Cassandra (Cassy) Stanwell O'Connor (born 1 April 1967 in Canberra, ACT) is an Australian politician, who has been a Tasmanian Greens member of the Tasmanian House of Assembly since 2008, representing the electorate of Division of Denison.
One of two Greens in the eight member cabinet, O'Connor was Minister for Human Services, Community Development, Climate Change and Aboriginal Affairs in the Bartlett and Giddings cabinets from 2011 until 2014.
Background.
The daughter of a former ABC foreign correspondent, O’Connor spent her childhood in India, Singapore, Japan, Canberra, Brisbane and Stradbroke Island, Queensland, before moving to Tasmania in 1989.
Early career.
Prior to entering Parliament, O'Connor worked as a television news journalist and a political staffer in the Keating Government for former Justice Minister and Federal ALP member for Denison Duncan Kerr and later for Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens and Tasmanian Senator Christine Milne.
She also became well known in Tasmania as the face of the "Save Ralphs Bay" campaign. This community campaign began in March 2004, when Sydney-based developer Walker Corporation announced its intention to construct Tasmania's first canal housing estate in the Ralphs Bay Conservation Area east of Hobart. In June 2010 the legal confirmation of the Ralphs Bay Conservation Area as being 171 hectares came into effect, therefore preventing Walker Corporations proposed canal housing estates. 
Political career.
O'Connor finished second on the Tasmanian Greens Denison ticket in 2006 with 3.6% of the primary vote. She received 70% of Tasmanian Greens Leader Peg Putt's preferences and eventually reached almost half a quota before being excluded. She first won the seat of Denison on a countback of votes on 21 July 2008 after the sitting member and leader of the Tasmanian Greens Peg Putt resigned earlier in the month.
Cassy O'Connor was re-elected at the 2010 election, receiving the highest number of first preference votes in Denison with 16.2%. 
On 19 April 2010, Labor Premier David Bartlett appointed Ms O'Connor as Secretary to Cabinet. In November 2010 she was promoted within the Bartlett cabinet, holding two portfolios. O'Connor and Nick McKim are the first Greens in Australia to hold Cabinet positions.
In 2011 O’Connor was given full Ministerial responsibility for Human Services, Community Development, Aboriginal Affairs and Climate Change. Elements of Community Development include Multicultural Affairs, Seniors, Women, Youth and Gambling. Her colleague Tasmanian Greens Leader Nick McKim MP is now Minister for Education, Sustainable Transport, and Corrections and Consumer Affairs.
On 16 January 2014, Premier Lara Giddings announced that the power sharing arrangement with the Tasmanian Greens was over, and that O'Connor and McKim would be replaced by Labor MPs, effective 17 January. She said that the ALP would not govern with Greens in the cabinet in future.
Personal life.
In July 2009, O'Connor confirmed she was in a relationship with fellow MP and leader of the state Greens party, Nick McKim. She was previously married to Steven Lees and has four children born prior to the relationship with McKim.

</doc>
<doc id="18713928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713928" title="Ișalnița Power Station">
Ișalnița Power Station

The Işalniţa Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Işalniţa, Dolj County having 2 generating groups of 315 MW each for a total of 630MW of installed capacity. The power station formerly had a total of eight generation groups, three of 50 MW, one of 55 MW, two of 100 MW and two groups of 315 MW for a total of 1,035MW but six of these groups were decommissioned thus leaving only the two 315MW units.
A consortium formed by Alstom, Sumitomo and IHI Corporation was commissioned to upgrade the 315 MW group to 345 MW each at a total cost of US$ 315 million.
There are plans to add another generating group of 500 MWh at Işalniţa Power Station that will result a total power generating capacity of 1,535 MWh at a cost of US$ 750 million.
The tallest chimney of the power station is 200 metres tall.
Coordinates: 

</doc>
<doc id="18713944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713944" title="Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard">
Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard

"Un Coup de Dés Jamais N'Abolira Le Hasard" may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="18713962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713962" title="Naweeha">
Naweeha

Naweeha () is the third studio album for the Egyptian singer Mohamed Hamaki. The album contains 10 songs, and he co-operates again with the songwriter Ayman Bahgat Amar, Ammir Ta'eimah and Mohamed A'ttef, and others in the music industry such as the composers Mohamed Yehya, Ramy Gamal, Mohamed El Nadi and Tamer Aly and the arrangers Tooma and Tamim.

</doc>
<doc id="18713976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713976" title="IRDO">
IRDO

IRDO stands for Integrated Rural Development Organization an NGO based in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It was started by youths from various fields in the year 2001. The organization strives for the uplift of rural communities in India. Rev. S. Philip Richard, is the Managing Trustee and Director.

</doc>
<doc id="18713986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18713986" title="Columbia Human Rights Law Review">
Columbia Human Rights Law Review

The Columbia Human Rights Law Review is a law review established in 1967 focusing on human rights issues. Produced by students of the Columbia University School of Law, it is "dedicated to the analysis and discussion of human rights and civil liberties under both domestic and international law." The journal has recently been ranked as the top law journal in the world on the subject of human rights.
The journal also produces "A Jailhouse Lawyer's Manual", designed as a legal resource to help prisoners and others to understand the US legal system.

</doc>
<doc id="18714012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714012" title="Bishōen Station">
Bishōen Station

Layout.
This station has 2 elevated side platforms serving a track each.

</doc>
<doc id="18714014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714014" title="Dark Light (Gary Numan album)">
Dark Light (Gary Numan album)

Dark Light is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in June 1995 in the United Kingdom. The album was not released in the United States until August 1998. In April 2003 the album was remastered and reissued. The album was recorded at Numan's concert at the Labatt's Hammersmith Apollo in London on 12 November 1994 during his Sacrifice Tour. The album reached number 107 on the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Gary Numan except where noted.
All timings are approximate and will vary slightly with different equipment.
1995 Numa CD release (NUMACD 1012).
CD One
CD Two
1998 Cleopatra U.S. CD reissue (CLP 0334-2).
Same CD track listing as Numa release. Different front, rear and inner tray artwork.
2003 Eagle Records CD reissue (EDMCD 161).
Same CD track listing as Numa release. Different front, rear and inner tray artwork and an essay by Dominic Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="18714016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714016" title="King's Men personnel">
King's Men personnel

King's Men personnel were the people who worked with and for the Lord Chamberlain's Men and the King's Men (for all practical purposes a single continuous theatrical enterprise) from 1594 to 1642 (and after). The company was the major theatrical enterprise of its era and featured some of the leading actors of their generation — Richard Burbage, John Lowin, and Joseph Taylor among other — and some leading clowns and comedians, like Kempe|Will Kempe] and Robert Armin. The company benefitted from the services of William Shakespeare, John Fletcher, and Philip Massinger as regular dramatists.
The actors who performed the plays have left the most evidence of their lives and activities; but they were supported by musicians and other functionaries, and were enabled by managers and financial backers like Cuthbert Burbage.
For more information on specific individuals, see individual entries: Robert Armin, Christopher Beeston, Robert Benfield, etc.
After 1642.
Twice in 1648, in January and December, different groups of former King's Men tried to re-activate the troupe, despite the formal prohibition on play-acting by the Commonwealth regime. The January endeavor involved Benfield, Bird, Clark, Hammerton, Lowin, Pollard, and Robinson (all of whom signed the dedication to the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio in 1647, along with Allen, Swanston, and Taylor). The December effort was by Baxter, Blagden, Burt, Clun, Cox, Hall, Kettleby, Loveday, and Charles and William Hart. Neither effort was successful, though groups of King's Men personnel were arrested at least twice in 1648 and 1649 for clandestine acting.
When the King's Company was formed in 1660, the troupe included Loveday, Clun, Burt, Blagden, Bird, Baxter, and Charles Hart.

</doc>
<doc id="18714024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714024" title="Aktisanes">
Aktisanes

Aktisanes is a Nubian king who is mentioned by the Greek historian Hecataeus of Abdera. He is perhaps identical with Menmaatre-Setepenamun Gatisen known from Nubian sources.
Titles.
Gatisen had a Ramesside-style titulary. His throne name Menmaatre-Setepenamun is the same as the throne name of Ramesses II. Aktisanes' Horus name Kanakht-nerymaat is the same as the Horus name of Ramesses II (and Osorkon II and Shoshenq III). This is a second reason why he is placed by some scholars around 300 BC.
It had been assumed that in the fourth century BC, there was a Ramesside revival in Nubia. Other researchers have pointed out that the reading of the name Gatisen is uncertain. They place the king before 700 BC and assume that there was no Ramesside revival.
Monuments and Inscriptions.
His longest text is a now lost building inscription copied by the Lepsius expedition in Nuri, but only published in 1977. The text was only partly preserved. It once most likely adorned a door at a temple in Napata. The names of the king are not preserved, most importantly the nomen Gatisen is missing.
The other inscription is to be found on two adjoining blocks, showing the king in front of Amun-Re-Horachte-Atum. The blocks were found at the Jebel Barkal. In this inscription the throne name and the nomen of the king are preserved, but the nomen Gatisen is difficult to read. The same holds true for a door jamb from the same place providing the full titulary of the king, but with the nomen only partly preserved.
The name Gatisen has been identified with Aktisanes, known from the Greek historian Hecataeus of Abdera. This identification is not certain, especially because the reading of the name as Gatisen is uncertain. Hecataeus describes Aktisanes as an enemy of the Egyptian king Amasis. This seems unlikely as the earlier Nubian kings are well-known. Therefore and for other reasons it is in general assumed that Hecataeus chose the name of a contemporary Nubian king as he composed his more fictional story.
Burial.
Aktisanes was buried at Jebel Barkal. He is thought to have been buried in either pyramid 11 or pyramid 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18714025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714025" title="628th Tank Battalion (United States)">
628th Tank Battalion (United States)

The 628th Tank Battalion was an armored battalion of the United States Army active during the Cold War, formed in 1946 and merged into the 103rd Armor Regiment in 1959.
It was formed in May 1946 in the Pennsylvania National Guard by redesignating the 628th Tank Destroyer Battalion, then organised in May 1949 as part of the 28th Infantry Division.
The battalion, along with the rest of the 28th Division, was activated for service due to the Korean War in September 1950; after training, the division was placed under the command of Seventh Army and stationed in West Germany. It was stood down in June 1954, and the battalion returned to the National Guard.
In 1959, under the new Combat Arms Regimental System, the battalion joined with elements of the 110th Infantry Regiment and the 108th and 166th Field Artillery Battalions to form the 103rd Armor Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="18714028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714028" title="Minami-Tanabe Station">
Minami-Tanabe Station


</doc>
<doc id="18714036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714036" title="Kenyan cricket team in Scotland in 2008">
Kenyan cricket team in Scotland in 2008

The Kenya national cricket team toured Scotland in 2008. They played one first class match and two One Day Internationals against Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="18714046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714046" title="Tsurugaoka Station">
Tsurugaoka Station

This station has been decorated Cerezo Osaka association football team color, logo and players since 2009 as it is the nearest station to Nagai Park, Nagai Stadium and Nagai Ball Gall Field (Kincho Stadium), the home of Cerezo.
Layout.
When the station was located on the ground level, it had 2 side platforms serving a track each. After the elevation (northbound in 2004, southbound in 2006), it has 2 island platforms serving 2 tracks each.

</doc>
<doc id="18714054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714054" title="Hot n Cold">
Hot n Cold

"Hot n Cold" is a song by American singer Katy Perry. The song was written and composed by Dr. Luke, Max Martin, and Perry for her second studio and major mainstream debut album, "One of the Boys". The track was released as the album's second single on September 9, 2008. The lyrics address an unstable romantic relationship, told from the singer's point of view. The chorus uses several antonyms to describe her partner's bipolar mood swings, with the verses describing how they affect the couple's life together.
The song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it Perry's second consecutive top three single, after her previous worldwide hit "I Kissed a Girl". It also become Perry's second top five single in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland and New Zealand, and topped the charts in 15 countries, including Finland, Germany, Canada, Norway, Spain and Denmark. To date, "Hot n Cold" has sold over six million digital downloads worldwide, making it one of the best selling singles worldwide and the second highest selling single from "One of the Boys", behind "I Kissed a Girl". The song received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.
In order to promote "Hot n Cold", Perry performed it at the 2008 MTV Europe Music Awards, which she also hosted. The song's music video, which was directed by Alan Ferguson, was released on October 1, 2008 and features Perry as a bride who is about to get married to her fiancé, and, in his hallucination, pursues him after he flees from the church. "Hot n Cold" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 52nd Grammy Awards, but lost to Beyoncé's "Halo". Perry has performed the song on both of her world concert tours: the Hello Katy Tour and the California Dreams Tour.
Background.
"Hot n Cold" was written by Perry, Dr. Luke and Max Martin and produced by the latter two. According to Perry, "Hot n Cold" was at one point under consideration to be released as Perry's debut mainstream single, but "I Kissed a Girl" was ultimately chosen. The song was nominated for the 52nd Grammy Awards in the category of Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, but lost to Beyoncé's "Halo".
Written in the key of G major, "Hot n Cold" is a pop rock song which utilizes guitars and synthesizers. It has a length of three minutes and forty seconds (3:40), and runs at a moderately fast tempo of 132 beats per minute. The lyrics of the song address a lover of Perry whose mood swings are affecting the couple's relationship. Perry uses antonyms to describe her partner's mood changes, with the chorus of the song including the lines "You’re hot then you’re cold / You’re yes then you’re no / You’re in then you’re out / You’re up then you’re down", and describes the speed at which he changes his mind to that of a "girl changing clothes".
Critical reception.
The song generally received mixed to positive reviews. "Blender" called the track a "spunky, climate-controlled kiss-off." Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy gave the song 3 out of 5 stars, saying "this track doesn't live up to the hype surrounding its singer, but the choppy guitars and whooshing synths have a certain charm." In his review for MusicOMH, Darren Harvey called "Hot n Cold" a "Tiffany-style ’80s pop number".
In a less positive review, Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine criticized the song, saying "Perry confuses political incorrectness with being subversive on tracks like "Hot n Cold," in which she, in the process of skewering guys who change their minds "like girls change clothes," just winds up sounding mildly sexist." Jon Caramanica of the "New York Times" compared the song to "U + Ur Hand" by Pink, which was also produced by Dr. Luke, saying that it doesn't share the latter's "passion".
Chart performance.
"Hot n Cold" debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 88 on June 28, 2008, due to strong digital downloads after the album's release, falling off the chart the next week. It re-entered the Hot 100 on August 23, again at number 88. The song peaked at number three on the Hot 100 on November 22, making it her second top-three hit after "I Kissed a Girl". "Hot n Cold" was in the top ten for 18 weeks, spending more time in the top ten than Perry's previous single "I Kissed a Girl", which spent 14 weeks. The song was later certified four-times-platinum by the RIAA. The song was an even bigger radio hit than "I Kissed a Girl", becoming Perry's first number one on both US Mainstream Top 40 and Adult Top 40 radio charts. By September 2011, it had sold more than 5 million digital downloads in the United States. As of February 2014, it has sold 5,486,000 copies in the US.
In Canada, the song debuted at number 73 and reached the number one position on the chart on November 20. The song peaked at number four on the UK Singles Chart on December 7, and was later certified platinum. In Ireland, the song peaked at number three. "Hot n Cold" debuted on the German Singles Chart at number two due to strong digital download sales, before topping the chart and spending eight consecutive weeks at number one in Germany. In Australia, the single debuted in the top 50, before reaching its peak at number 4. It peaked at number one in the Czech Republic, and spent ten consecutive weeks at the top of the chart. "Hot n Cold" also reached the number one position in Switzerland, Finland, Denmark, Norway, Romania, Austria, Belgium, Hungary, Venezuela, Slovakia and the Netherlands.
To date, "Hot n Cold" has sold over six million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling singles of the digital era and one of Perry's highest selling singles.
Promotion.
Music video.
The music video for "Hot n Cold" was released on October 1, 2008, and was directed by Alan Ferguson. It was partially filmed at the First Christian Church of North Hollywood, and casts Perry at a wedding, about to exchange vows with her diffident fiancé Alexander (played by Perry's friend, actor/model Alexander Rodriguez). Perry says her vows, but Alexander hesitates and the church anxiously waits on him to say "I do". Perry appears frustrated and the music begins to play, with the congregation dancing as disco lights begin to flash. Perry begins to sing the song to Alexander before he flees the altar. 
She pursues him, and they proceed to play a cat-and-mouse game. Perry steals a bicycle and corners him in a warehouse, and Alexander is pulled into an audience and forced to crowd-surf while watching Perry perform the song on stage. He manages to escape, but walks out to find Perry in her wedding dress surrounded by several other brides carrying baseball bats. They dance around Alexander as Perry confronts him, but he is able to escape. Perry and the other brides chase after him, each on a bicycle similar to the one Perry stole earlier. Alexander pulls out his phone, but Perry is on the screen singing to him. 
He flees the warehouse and finds Perry outside wearing urban clothing, surrounded by dancers wearing similar clothes and backed by an inflatable arm-waving tube man. When he turns around, he discovers that he has been cornered by Perry and the group of angry brides. He stumbles over a boombox and the dancers surround him as he lies on the ground, before Perry approaches him leading a zebra on a leash. Alexander blinks and finds himself back at the altar in the church, revealing that the previous events were just his fantasy. 
The priest asks him again if he accepts his vows, and this time he says "I do". The crowd in the church breaks out into cheers and sighs of relief as Perry runs victoriously down the aisle with him. 
Perry's friends Jadyn Maria, Shannon Woodward and Markus Molinari all appear in the music video as bridesmaids (with Molinari dressed in drag) and her parents Keith and Mary Hudson also appear.
Live performances.
Perry made the live television premiere performance of "Hot n Cold" on NBC's "Today"'s outdoor concert series on August 29, 2008. Perry performed the song live at the 2008 MTV Europe Music Awards in Liverpool, which she also hosted, on November 6 to close the show. The song was also performed as the opener at the 2008 YouTube Live event on November 22, 2008.
The song has been included in Perry's Hello Katy and California Dreams tours. During the California Dreams Tour, Perry performed a "magic trick" that involved her changing into 7 different outfits during the number.
Charts and certifications.
Sales and certifications.
!scope="row"| Canada (CRIA)
Covers.
Woe, Is Me version.
Atlanta-based metalcore band, Woe, Is Me covered the track for the compilation album "Punk Goes Pop 3", which was released on November 2, 2010. The song was leaked on October 6, 2010, and was officially released as a single for digital download on October 21, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18714059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714059" title="Bullbrook">
Bullbrook

Bullbrook is a suburb of Bracknell, in the English county of Berkshire, formerly part of the parish of Winkfield. It is named after the "Bull Brook" which runs through the area, although most of the brook now runs underground in culverts. Bullbrook is one of the earlier estates of Bracknell and was built in the late 1950s.
The estate lies largely north of the A329 road and its borders begin immediately east of Bracknell town centre. The section between the A329 and the railway line, Bullbrook 4, is now part of Harmans Water ward following boundary changes in 2003.
Facilities include a small shopping centre, a community centre, several public houses and Holly Spring school. Lily Hill Park is an extensive area of woodland and historic parkland. Within the park is Lily Hill House, built between 1814-1817 and now used as a business centre.
The eastern industrial area is a business area. The Royal Berkshire Bracknell Clinic is at Brants Bridge. 
Kezia Obama, the stepmother of United States President Barack Obama, is a resident of Bullbrook.

</doc>
<doc id="18714062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714062" title="Abikochō Station">
Abikochō Station

Layout.
This station has two side platform elevated serving a track each. The northbound platform was elevated in 2004 and the southbound one in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18714083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714083" title="Michael Eggert (businessman)">
Michael Eggert (businessman)

Michael Eggert, (born 12 July 1975) is an entrepreneur from Copenhagen, Denmark. Eggert is the founder and managing partner of several companies, amongst others Studerende Online (bought by the Danish media corporation Det Berlingske Officin in 2001), Softdetect Systems, EC Group, Lejebolig.dk, Erhvervslokaler.dk and more.
Eggert is active in the goal for a more transparent rental market in Denmark. He founded the business organisation FDOB in 2005 with the aim of creating a set of business ethical guidelines for the online classifieds business with focus on rental properties.
Eggert is an often used source in Danish media coverage of the rental market, the market for housing co-operatives and the market for corporate properties.

</doc>
<doc id="18714084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714084" title="Magic Circus">
Magic Circus

Magic Circus was one of the most famous nightclubs in Mexico City. Opened in 1982. Located in Rodolfo Gaona #3 Lomas De Sotelo Mexico.
This club was the symbol of status and snob during the late 80's and early 90's Celebrities, Rock and Pop concerts with Artists as Soda Stereo, as well as upfront music by the most popular Dj's. were always the trademark of this place The
club was a complex of 3 venues. Magic Circus as main club Privilege as Private membership club, and Rock Garage later named Dynamo Garage.
This Club was also famous by his resident Disc Jockeys. names like Claudio Yarto, Manuel Novoa, Joaquin Diaz, Luis Gallegos, Yaxkin Restrepo, Mauricio Ponce, Angel Arciniega Dj Jr and Luis Angel Hernandez among others. Also was one of the meeting points of many B-Boys and breakdancers like Speed Fire, Rapaz, and more,as well as famous people in the industry.
Magic Circus open venues in Huatulco Oaxaca and Ixtapa, Zihuatanejo in the early 90's and closes years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18714092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714092" title="Dennis Daa">
Dennis Daa

Dennis Daa (born July 5, 1979 in Tacloban City, Leyte, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Philippine Basketball Association who currently plays for the Meralco Bolts. He was acquired by the Sta. Lucia Realtors in 2007 through free agency. In 2010, he was traded to the Energy Boosters in exchange for undrafted rookie Hans Thiele. He was signed again as a free agent by the Meralco Bolts for the Governors Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18714093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714093" title="Palas Power Station">
Palas Power Station

The Palas Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Constanţa, Constanţa County, Romania, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 100 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18714094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714094" title="Avtalion">
Avtalion

Avtalion () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee to the south of Arraba, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2012 it had a population of 320.
The village was established in 1987 as a moshav shitufi, and was named after Abtalion, a rabbinic sage in the early pre-Mishnaic era. It was later converted to a communal settlement

</doc>
<doc id="18714099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714099" title="Common sunstar">
Common sunstar

The common sunstar or Crossaster papposus is a species of sea star belonging to the family Solasteridae. It is found in the northern parts of both the Atlantic and the Pacific Oceans.
Distribution.
The common sunstar is distributed from the Arctic down to the English Channel, in the North Sea, also on both East (from the Arctic to the Gulf of Maine) and Pacific coasts (from Alaska to Puget Sound) of North America. It is also circumboreal, found in Greenland, Iceland, the Barents Sea, Kola Bay, "Okhotsk Sea" and the "White Sea". It has also been observed in the Sargasso Sea and Sea of Japan.
Habitat.
The common sunstar is commonly found on rocky bottoms, coarse sand and gravel in the bathyal, infralittoral and circalittoral zone (from low-tide line up to depths of 300 m). It seems to prefer areas of high water movement. Very small sunstars are sometimes found in rock pools.
Description.
It is reddish on top with concentric bands of white, pink, yellow, or dark red, and it is white on the underside. It is covered on top with brushlike spines, with the marginal spines somewhat larger. The thick, central disc is fairly large. This central disc has a netlike pattern of raised ridges. The mouth area is bare. It has relatively short arms which usually number eight to fourteen. Its radius can be up to 15cm. The madreporite plate stands out clearly.
Food.
The common sunstar is an omnivore. It will eat almost anything including smaller starfish and sunstars, swallowing them whole. It is also a scavenger.

</doc>
<doc id="18714103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714103" title="Dream Prisoner">
Dream Prisoner

Dream Prisoner is a first person adventure computer game written by Dutch programmers Alexander van Oostenrijk (programming and graphics) and Alexander Lentjes (script) in 1995 and published by their game development company Procurion 9.
Summary.
In the game, the playxxxxxxxxxxxxer somehow finds herself imprisoned in a surreal castle where a fancy dinner party is going on. The objective is to escape by solving a number of logical puzzles.
Written in Turbo Pascal, the game has 256-color full-screen graphics rendered using Autodesk 3D Studio, an AdLib music score and digital sound effects. The story is presented in textual form, displayed on top of the graphics and the user interacts with the game through text input which is interpreted by a parser.
The game was reviewed in the Dutch computer magazine PC Active in 1995 and distributed as freeware.
In January 2013, Dream Prisoner was ported to Adobe Flash and can be played in a Web browser. The port is faithful to the original game.

</doc>
<doc id="18714132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714132" title="Christian La Torre">
Christian La Torre

Christian La Torre (born 9 March 1990 in Lima) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a forward. He currently plays for Sport Huancayo in the Torneo Descentralizado.
He was part of the Peru U17 side that made it to the quarterfinals of the U17 World Cup in S. Korea.
Club career.
La Torre started his career with Sport Boys, joining them in January 2006.
On 26 September 2008 La Torre signed for Universitario de Deportes.

</doc>
<doc id="18714146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714146" title="Home Farm, Bracknell">
Home Farm, Bracknell

Home Farm is a suburb of Bracknell, in Berkshire, England.
The settlement lies north of the A3095 road and is approximately south-west of Bracknell town centre. It was developed on the site of a small farm on the edge of Great Hollands, near to the Downshire golf course and Easthampstead Park School. The estate consists of 330 dwellings, with a number of two, three and four bedroomed terraced houses, together with several blocks of flats.
Home Farm was built in the mid-1970s by a private developer, but the project stopped when the developer ran out of money. The site was taken over by Bracknell Council, and the houses used for social housing. Following the 'Right to buy' legislation, about 50% of the homes are now in private ownership. It differs from the rest of Great Hollands in that traffic segregation has not been included in the plan. By road, the housing estate is accessible via Ringmead (the Great Hollands ring road).

</doc>
<doc id="18714147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714147" title="Anne of Saint Bartholomew">
Anne of Saint Bartholomew

Anne of St. Bartholomew, O.C.D. () (Almendral de la Cañada, Old Castile, 1 October 1549 – Antwerp, 7 June 1626), was a Spanish Discalced Carmelite nun, and companion to St. Teresa of Avila. She led the establishment of monasteries of the new Order in France and the Lowlands. She has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Life.
Born Ana García y Manzanas, the fifth child of María Manzanas and Hernan García. She was of humble origin and spent her youth in solitude and prayer tending flocks. Both her parents had died by the time she was ten years old. When she first went to Ávila to enter the Carmelite monastery, she was refused as being too young; for several years after, she suffered much at the hands of her brothers and grew seriously ill. Concerned for her health, her brothers made a novena to St. Bartholomew. When Anne entered a small chapel dedicated to that saint on his feast day (24 August), she found herself instantly cured. From that point on, she always invoked his help as her special protector.
Anne later entered the monastery as lay sister, the first admitted by the foundress, and made her religious vows on 15 August 1572. For the next ten years she filled the post of infirmarian. When St. Teresa broke her left arm on Christmas Day 1577, Anne became her almost inseparable companion, caregiver and secretary, in whose arms Teresa died at Alba de Tormes in 1582.
Anne afterwards returned to Avila, took part in the foundation of a convent at Ocana (1595), and was one of the seven nuns selected for the introduction of the order into France (October, 1604). The French superiors, desirous of sending her as prioress to Pontoise, obliged her to pass from the state of lay sister to that of choir nun. So unusual a step met with the disapproval of her companions, but, as St. Teresa had foretold it many years previously, Anne offered no resistance. She had also been forewarned that the same step would cause her great sufferings.
Anne's priorship at Pontoise (January to September, 1605), Paris (October, 1605, to April, 1608), Tours May, 1608, to 1611) brought her heavy trials, not the least of which were differences with her superiors. At the expiration of her last term of office she returned to Paris, but warned by a vision, she proceeded to the County of Flanders (October, 1611), where she founded and became prioress of a monastery in Antwerp (27 October 1612), which she governed to the end of her life. Twice she was instrumental in delivering the town from the hands of Protestant forces.
In 1735, Anne of St. Bartholomew was declared Venerable. She was beatified in 1917.
Works.
Anne's writings include a number of letters still preserved, an autobiography now at Antwerp, edited by Marie Dominique Bouix (Paris, 1869–72), and several treatises on spiritual matters, which appeared at Paris in 1646. An extensive bibliography is found on the website of The Friends of Sr Ana.

</doc>
<doc id="18714149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714149" title="Dark Light">
Dark Light

Dark Light or Darklight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18714157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714157" title="Olga Yakovlevna Ivanova">
Olga Yakovlevna Ivanova

Olga Yakovlevna Ivanova () (born 1945) is a career diplomat who is the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Russian Federation to the Republic of Mauritius.
Ivanova graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1968, and worked in various diplomatic posts in the central offices of the USSR Ministry of Foreign Affairs and abroad. From 19921995 Ivanova worked in the Department of International Humanitarian and Cultural Cooperation of the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and from 19951999 was an adviser at the Permanent Mission of Russia to UNESCO in Paris, France. 
In February 2004, Ivanova made history when she was appointed as Ambassador of Russia to Mauritius. Her posting to Mauritius was the first time in the history of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that a woman was posted as an ambassador to a foreign nation. 
Ivanova speaks Russian, English, and Arabic.

</doc>
<doc id="18714188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714188" title="Priestwood">
Priestwood

Priestwood is a suburb of Bracknell, Berkshire about northwest of the town centre.
Churches.
The original Church of England parish church of Saint Andrew was simple Gothic Revival building designed by the architect H.G.W. Drinkwater and completed in 1888. After its centenary the building was demolished and replaced with a new church that was consecrated in April 1990. St. Andrew's is now part of the Bracknell Team Ministry.
Bracknell Methodist Church is also in Priestwood.
Amenities.
Meadow Vale Primary School is in the centre of Priestwood. It has begun an expansion project to enable it to have three classes in each year.
Blue Mountain Golf Club is near Priestwood.

</doc>
