<doc id="18806337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806337" title="Jenny B">
Jenny B

Jenny B (born 20 July 1972) is an Italian singer whose real name is Giovanna Bersola.
Born in Catania, Sicily to a Sicilian mother and Senegalese father, she is formerly best known as the vocalist for the Italian Eurodance group Playahitty on hits, such as "The Summer Is Magic". She was also the original vocalist for the first hit of the euro-dance project Corona, "The Rhythm Of The Night".
In 2000, she came in first place in the "Newcomers section" of the Sanremo Music Festival with her song "Semplice Sai".

</doc>
<doc id="18806353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806353" title="David Pendleton Oakerhater">
David Pendleton Oakerhater

David Pendleton Oakerhater (b. ca. 1847, d. August 31, 1931), also known as O-kuh-ha-tuh and Making Medicine, was a Cheyenne Indian warrior and spiritual leader, who became an artist and Episcopal deacon. Imprisoned in 1875 after the Indian Wars at Fort Marion (now Castillo de San Marcos), Florida, Oakerhater became one of the founding figures of modern Native American art. Later he was ordained as a deacon in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America and worked as a missionary in Oklahoma. In 1985, Oakerhater was the first Native American Anglican to be included in the book of Lesser Feasts and Fasts of the Episcopal Church.
Early life.
Born in the 1840s in the Indian Territory (later the U.S. state of Oklahoma) to Sleeping Wolf (father), and "Wah Nach" (mother), Oakerhater was the second of three boys. His childhood name was "Noksowist" ("Bear Going Straight"), and he was raised as a traditional Cheyenne. His older brother was Little Medicine, and his younger brother was Wolf Tongue.
Oakerhater is believed by some to have been the youngest man to complete the sun dance ritual (his Cheyenne name, "Okuh hatuh", means "sun dancer"). He participated in his first war party (military raid) at age 14 against the Otoe and Missouri tribes, and became a member of his tribe's "Bowstring Society" (one of five military societies). He later participated in actions against United States federal and state militia forces. His first engagement with white settlers was at the Second Battle of Adobe Walls, in which 300 Native American warriors from various tribes, angered by settlers' poaching of buffalo, cattle grazing, and theft of horses, attacked a small trading village used by poachers. The battle, led by Comanche leader "Isa-tai" and Chief Quanah Parker, triggered United States government response in the form of the Red River War of 1874-75. Oakerhater may also have participated in the Battle of Washita River and the Sand Creek massacre.
Oakerhater married "Nomee" (translated as "Thunder Woman") in 1872. She died in 1880. They had four children, all of whom died young. Oakerhater also married, had at least one child, and divorced, a second woman, "Nanessan" ("Taking Off Dress").
Fort Marion prisoner.
In the Red River War of 1874 and 1875, the United States government pacified the last Native American militants in Indian Territory, fighting a series of skirmishes until the militants were exhausted by lack of food and supplies. The warriors, including Oakerhater, surrendered in 1875 at Fort Sill near what is now Lawton, Oklahoma. A group of 74 were selected from there and another location, all without trial, for imprisonment in Florida. Oakerhater was in a group chosen for being the eighteen farthest right in a line-up by a US Army colonel who had been drinking and was running out of time before nightfall. Some among the eighteen had nothing to do with the insurrection.
The army assigned First Lieutenant (later Captain) Richard Henry Pratt to transport the prisoners to an old Spanish fort, the Castillo de San Marcos (then known as Fort Marion), near Saint Augustine. Shackled together, they were taken across country on foot, by wagon, train (most had never before seen a train), and steamboat. Many initially thought they would be executed. At least two attempted suicide; one was later shot and killed attempting to escape, and another died of pneumonia.
Captain Pratt believed that Native Americans were deserving of support and respect, and could be assimilated as full members of society. He thought they needed to abandon their old ways and learn the various practices of America's dominant white culture to survive: English, work, Christianity, literacy, education, and so on. The practice of forced assimilation, now criticized as cultural genocide, was considered progressive in its time. Most considered Native Americans to be enemies and murderers who should be killed, imprisoned, or defeated through force. Pratt's superior, General Philip Sheridan, dismissed Pratt's beliefs as "Indian twaddle".
Conditions at the old fort were initially very poor: prisoners slept on the floor of their cells facing a central open-air courtyard. Several died in the first weeks. Pratt quickly improved conditions, obtaining army uniforms, removing the prisoners' shackles, setting them to work building a new residential shed, and procuring bedding. Later, as trust developed on both sides, Pratt convinced his superiors to allow the Indians to carry nonoperational rifles, perform guard duty, obtain outside employment collecting and selling sea beans and other tourist items, have passes to visit the town on Sundays to attend church, and camp unsupervised on nearby Anastasia Island.
Pratt, who offered to resign his military post if the experiment failed, appointed Oakerhater First Sergeant of the prisoners, with a duty to organize morning military drills, ensure hygiene and dress code, choose assistants for Captain Pratt, and oversee the prisoners in Pratt's absence. Pratt and his wife also arranged for volunteer teachers who were vacationing in Florida from across the United States to instruct the prisoners in English, carpentry, and other subjects. They allowed the Indians to conduct a mock buffalo hunt.
In return the prisoners educated townspeople and tourists in archery, and made handicrafts and drawings to sell. Aware for their part of the nature of Pratt's experiment, the prisoners took pride in their work and martial discipline, eager to demonstrate that they could master white Americans' cultural and military practices. They took longer to overcome other cultural barriers, such as discomfort with being taught by women. The first summer Pratt arranged for their families to visit them from the Indian Territory. Within two years of arrival at Fort Marion, Oakerhater was proficient in English, and was regularly writing letters to townspeople he had befriended. That year nineteen of the prisoners were released, in exchange for accepting scholarships for education on the East Coast.
Ledger art.
One of Pratt's experiments was to provide art supplies and instruction to the prisoners. They drew most of their art in pen in ledger books. Somewhat abstract in style and depicting nostalgic memories of scenes from daily life, their art evolved from earlier Plains Indian art that had been calendar chronicles of events and expressions of personal accomplishments. Typical subjects were tribal dances, hunts, courting, and events at the fort, as well as self-portraits depicting scenes before their captivity. The Ledger Art was a popular item for tourists to purchase. Through his art, Oakerhater gained the attention of Mrs. Alice Key Pendleton, to whose daughter he had given one of his drawing books.
Oakerhater was the first, and one of the most prolific, artists in the group. Deceptively naive, Oakerhater's drawings are considered by critics to be sophisticated in composition and subject content. They are very valuable as collector items today. He often signed his works "Making Medicine", a non-literal English translation of his Cheyenne name, Sun Dancer, which the military had assigned him upon his arrest. Other times he would sign with a glyph of a dancer in a sun dance lodge to represent himself. The Smithsonian Institution has a collection of the Fort Marion artists online.
Episcopal affiliation.
In 1877 an Episcopal deaconess, Mary Douglass Burnham, began to make arrangements to sponsor the remaining prisoners, including Oakerhater, to serve as church sextons and continue education. In April 1878 all of the prisoners were released. Burnham arranged funding from Alice Key Pendleton and her husband, Senator George H. Pendleton, to bring Oakerhater, as well as his wife Nomee, to St. Paul's Church in Paris Hill, New York, along with three other ex-prisoners who each had separate sponsors. The church's priest, Reverend J.B. Wicks, took charge of Oakerhater's education on matters of agriculture, Scripture, and current events, and welcomed him as part of his family. Oakerhater, along with his three companions from Fort Marion, became popular among townspeople. They made and sold various items, including handmade bows. Within six months Oakerhater agreed to be baptized and was confirmed shortly after. He chose the biblical Christian name David and adopted the last name Pendleton in honor of his sponsors.
Captain Pratt, encouraged by the success of his former prisoners at Paris Hill and some at Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute for Negroes (now Hampton University), lobbied the federal government for funds to open schools for Indian children. Senator Pendleton pushed a bill through Congress to found the first school in 1879 at the unused Carlisle Barracks in central Pennsylvania. It was named the Carlisle Indian Industrial School.
In July, 1880 Nomee died in childbirth. The next year Oakerhater's young son Pawwahnee died. Both were buried in the cemetery in Paris Hill. Oakerhater was ordained an Episcopal deacon in July, 1881.
Missionary.
After Oakerhater was ordained a deacon, Pratt sent him on a trip to Indian Territory and Dakota Territory to recruit students for Carlisle, where Pratt had been appointed superintendent. Traveling with Reverend Wicks to the Darlington Agency near what is now El Reno, Oklahoma, Oakerhater used his connections and influence to encourage local Cheyenne to attend Episcopal religious services. Remaining in the area, he traveled to the Anadarko Agency (near present day Anadarko, Oklahoma) for Sunday services, spending weekdays visiting and caring for ill members of various tribes.
In 1882 Oakerhater married Nahepo (Smoking Woman), who adopted the English name Susie Pendleton. They had two children, who both died young. Nahepo died in 1890, at age 23.
In 1887 Oakerhater began work at newly built missions in Bridgeport, and in 1889 at the Whirlwind Mission near Fay, seventeen miles west of Watonga, Oklahoma. The mission, built in 1887, was on the Dawes Act allotment land of Chief Whirlwind, one of the negotiators of the Treaty of Medicine Lodge. As at other Indian schools being established in the United States, many of Whirlwind's students suffered from poverty and related diseases. Many suffered from trachoma and conjunctivitis.
Their parents, whose lives had been disrupted by colonialism, warfare, forcible relocation, and the breaking up of tribal lands for allotment, were exploited by local non-Indians who wanted to profit from their newly assigned land grants. Uprooted, the families would often camp out near the schools to be with their children and provide a safer environment. Oakerhater's school and mission were under pressure both from locals, who saw the mission as a threat to their attempts to exploit the Native American population, and from others at the local and national level, who deplored the poor conditions there.
Oakerhater retired from Whilrwind with a pension in 1918 but continued to preach, serving as a Native American chief and holy man. He moved briefly to Clinton, Oklahoma and then to Watonga, where he lived until his death in 1931.
Saint.
After Oakerhater died, the Episcopal Church did not sponsor significant mission work in Watonga, Oklahoma for more than thirty years. In the early 1960s, an Episcopalian family that had moved to the area placed an ad in a local paper to announce a meeting in their home. Native Americans who had known Oakerhater met with the family and worked with them to revive his old mission.
In 1985 the Episcopal Church designated Oakerhater as a saint, thanks in part to the years of work and research by Lois Carter Clark, a Muscogee Creek scholar. On September 1, 1986, the first feast was held in his honor at the Washington National Cathedral in Washington, D.C., with his descendants and delegations from Oklahoma invited to the celebration. In 2000 the Saint George Church of Dayton, Ohio dedicated a large stained glass window in its chapel depicting Oakerhater, and a smaller window bearing his glyph signature.
St. Paul's Cathedral in Oklahoma City dedicated a chapel to St. Oakerhater. The congregation of St. Paul's commissioned Tlingit glass artist, Preston Singletary, to create a stained glass window featuring Oakerhater's glyph. It replaced a church window destroyed in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. The Oakerhater Guild of St. Paul's was organized in partnership with Whirlwind Mission of the Holy Family and sponsors dances, tribal outreach, and a vacation Bible school for children in Watonga.
In 2003 the Whirlwind Church obtained at a new permanent site in Watonga, where it dedicated the Oakerhater Episcopal Center in September 2007. The site is used for powwows, a sweat lodge, classes, and an annual Cherokee Dance in Oakerhater's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18806355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806355" title="Șișești, Maramureș">
Șișești, Maramureș

Șișești () is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bontăieni ("Pusztatelek"), Cetățele ("Györkefalva"), Dănești ("Bajfalu"), Negreia ("Nyegrefalva"), Plopiș ("Nyárfás"), Șișești and Șurdești ("Dióshalom").
In 2002, the commune had a population of 5479, of whom 99.6% were ethnic Romanians. 55.3% were Romanian Orthodox, 40.7% were Greek-Catholic, and 2.5% were Pentecostal.
Plopiș.
Plopiș has a Church of the Holy Archangels, built in 1796; it is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş that are listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.
Șurdești.
Surdești has a Church of the Holy Archangels belonging to the Romanian Greek-Catholic denomination and dates from the 18th century. It is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş listed by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.

</doc>
<doc id="18806357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806357" title="Șieu, Maramureș">
Șieu, Maramureș

Șieu is a commune in Maramureș County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Șieu.

</doc>
<doc id="18806362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806362" title="Săcel, Maramureș">
Săcel, Maramureș

Săcel (, ) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. Composed of a single village, Săcel, it is the last locality up the Iza Valley. From here one can get to the Vişeu Valley through Dealul Moiseiului Pass (towards the northeast) and to Transylvania (specifically Năsăud, towards the south) through Dealul Ştefāniţei Pass, which separates the Ţibleş and Rodna Mountains.
Săcel pottery.
Săcel is famous for its red, unglazed pottery obtained through ancient, dacian techniques that date back more than 2000 years ago. Nowadays, an ancient Roman type oven is used for burning the clay. Săcel pots are manufactured in Dacian style and they are ornamented using mineral elements. The ornaments are simple and resemble natural elements (the flow of water, the sun, the line of life, folkloric motifs). These elements were also used in the Dacian ceramics.
The ceramist Tanase Burnar from Sācel belongs to a family in which pottery making was transmitted from generation to generation. He is the son of Tanase Cocian, the famous craftsman. Tanase Burnar is familiarised with the potter's wheel since he was 10, when he started to make his first objects. Now he makes with great skill ceramic plates, pots, cups and jugs burned once in the oven. The oven uses wood fire so the colour of the clay is preserved. The clay used is kaolin, a fine and dense clay taken from deep springs (10-15m) in Drobodeava Hill, Săcel.

</doc>
<doc id="18806368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806368" title="Recea, Maramureș">
Recea, Maramureș

Recea () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bozânta Mică ("Kisbozinta"), Lăpuşel ("Hagymáslápos"), Mocira ("Láposhidegkút"), Recea and Săsar ("Zazár").
At the 2011 census, 94.5% of inhabitants were Romanians, 4.1% Hungarians and 1.2% Roma.

</doc>
<doc id="18806370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806370" title="Oncești, Maramureș">
Oncești, Maramureș

Onceşti () is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Onceşti, part of Bârsana Commune until being split off in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18806372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806372" title="Giulești, Maramureș">
Giulești, Maramureș

Giuleşti (; ) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Berbeşti ("Bárdfalva"), Fereşti ("Fejérfalva"), Giuleşti and Mănăstirea ("Gyulamonostor").

</doc>
<doc id="18806374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806374" title="Bicaz, Maramureș">
Bicaz, Maramureș

Bicaz is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bicaz, Ciuta and Corni.

</doc>
<doc id="18806382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806382" title="Pioneer Mountains (Montana)">
Pioneer Mountains (Montana)

The Pioneer Mountains cover in Beaverhead County in southwestern Montana, USA.
The highest peaks in this range include:
The Pioneer Mountains are divided into two subranges by the paved Wise River Road: the East Pioneers and West Pioneers. The highest mountains in the entire range are in the East Pioneers - Tweedy Mountain and nearby Torrey Mountain, these two peaks are the highest on the Beaverhead National Forest. 
The two subranges are quite different from each other in appearance. The East Pioneers have rugged, heavily glaciated peaks. About of the East Pioneers are roadless, and the range holds more than 30 high lakes, including Grayling Lake, which contains arctic grayling. Golden trout are present in Sawtooth and Hidden Lakes. Mountain goats inhabit the high crags of the range, while pronghorn utilize the lower elevation grassland foothills. The East Pioneers receive relatively little use from recreationists, and a number of lake basins are trailless. 
In marked contrast to the East Pioneers, the West Pioneers are gently rolling, heavily forested mountains. The highest point in the West Pioneers is Stine Mountain, el. 9,497 ft. of the West Pioneers are a Wilderness Study Area. All told, about of the West Pioneers were roadless as of 1992, including the Wilderness Study Area. 
Lakes in the West Pioneers contain perhaps the last pure strain population of arctic grayling south of Canada. Old growth whitebark pine and lodgepole pine is present in the West Pioneers; a stand of lodgepole pine over 500 years old is reputed to be the oldest known anywhere. 
Wolke describes the West Pioneers region as an ecological treasure. Wildlife in the West Pioneers includes elk, black bear, moose, pine marten, wolverine, and northern goshawk. 
A site on the Beaverhead National Forest just off the Wise River Road, called Crystal Park, is available for the public to dig for quartz crystals.

</doc>
<doc id="18806386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806386" title="Tăuții-Măgherăuș">
Tăuții-Măgherăuș

Tăuții-Măgherăuș () is a town in Maramureş County, Romania. The town administers six villages: Băița ("Láposbánya"), Bozânta Mare ("Nagybozinta"), Bușag ("Buság"), Merișor, Nistru ("Miszbánya") and Ulmoasa ("Szilas"). Tăuții-Măgherăuș was declared a town in 2004. The Baia Mare Airport is located in the town.
Demographics.
In 2002, 84.3% of inhabitants were Romanians, 14.4% Hungarians and 1% Roma. 78.3% were Romanian Orthodox, 12.1% Roman Catholic, 3.9% Greek-Catholic and 3.5% Reformed.

</doc>
<doc id="18806388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806388" title="Șomcuta Mare">
Șomcuta Mare

Șomcuta Mare (; ) is a town in Maramureş County, Romania. The town administers seven villages: Buciumi ("Törökfalu"), Buteasa ("Bucsonfalva"), Ciolt ("Csolt"), Codru Butesii ("Kodrulytelep"), Finteușu Mare ("Nagyfentős"), Hovrila ("Hávord") and Vălenii Șomcutei ("Somkútpataka"). It was declared a town in 2004.
History.
The exact founding date of Șomcuta Mare is unknown; however, it is first mentioned in 1319 as part of "Cetatea de piatră" (Stone Fortress) realm. In the 14th century, the locality, along with the "Chioar Domain" enters the possession of Romanian voivods (rulers) of Maramures. As of 1566, the "Chioar Domain" is divided in 12 voivodeships, of which those lead by voivod Dan Butean are administrated from Șomcuta Mare, covering 14 villages. In the year of 1599 Șomcuta Mare along with the remaining "Chioar Domain" is transferred to the rule of Mihai Viteazul.
In 1713 "Cetatea de piatră" is destroyed. Later, in 1738, the "Chioar Domain" is transformed into a "Tinut" (Land of), leading to an increased administrative importance of Șomcuta Mare. With the help of Gheorghe Șincai a school is founded in the year of 1784; a primary school is opened between 1835-1838 and girl school between 1867-1889.
At the end of the 19th century the locality becomes an important trading point, with well established markets. The area had 3 operating banks: "Casa de Economii a Districtului Chioar" (Savings House of Chioar District), "Casa de Economii Chioreana" (Chiorean House of Savings) and "Banca de Comerț" (Commerce Bank); as well as a train station, post office, telegraph, library and fireman house.
During the inter-war oil presses, mills, and 3 leather processing factories operate in the area as well as an agriculture school is opened. Between 1922 and 1929 a gymnasium is opened. In the years of 1930-1931 the newspaper "Chioar" is published.
After World War II, the locality reached a higher urbanisation level. Its status was changed from commune to town in 2004.
Geography.
The city of Șomcuta Mare covers an area of 12,040 ha, of which:
Agricultural land: 7,949 ha
- arable land: 2,799 ha
- pastures: 1,855 ha
- hay fields: 2.585 ha
- vineyards: 5 ha
- orchards: 705 ha
Non-agricultural land: 4.091 ha
- forests: 3.177 ha
- water: 107 ha
- roads: 201 ha
- buildings: 517 ha
- vacant land: 89 ha
Demographics.
Following the 2002 population census, the cities population is of 7,708 people; of which: 6,810 Romanians, 167 Hungarians, 3 Germans, 3 Italians, 1 Ukrainian, 1 Jew and 1 Serbian. Compared against the 1992 population census, the population declined from 8,079.

</doc>
<doc id="18806391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806391" title="Săliștea de Sus">
Săliștea de Sus

Săliștea de Sus () is a town in Maramureș County, Romania. It was declared a town in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18806392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806392" title="Consulate-General of France in Saint Petersburg">
Consulate-General of France in Saint Petersburg

The Consulate-General of France in Saint Petersburg is the diplomatic mission of France in Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation. It is located at 15 Moika River Embankment () in the Tsentralny District in Saint Petersburg.
History of the building.
The first references to 15 Moika River Embankment in the Central State Historical Archives of Saint Petersburg indicate that a neo-classicism three-story stone house was on the site, when in 1858 the owner, Major-General Seyffarth, commissioned architect A.C. Kolb to reconstruct the existing structure and add an additional floor. The symmetrical facade with the balcony on the second floor and pediment were kept in the redesign, although a portico in classical Corinthian order style was removed. The facade was redesigned to match the architectural style of the 18th century.
In the 1860s, poet of the Golden Age Prince Pyotr Andreyevich Vyazemsky lived in the house, and in the 1890s, painter Arkady Alexandrovich Rylov was reported to have called the house home. French novelist and playwright Honoré de Balzac also lived in the house for a period. In 1911 Countess Fekla Pavlovna Stackelberg purchased the house and kept the design unchanged, and rented out the apartments.
In 1970 the building underwent extensive renovations which saw a one-storey building in the north-west quadrant being built and yard constructions being dismantled. In 1972 the consulate-general of France occupied the building and has been located in it since.
Role of the consulate-general.
The consulate-general is attached to the Embassy of France in Moscow and services the Northwest consular district, which includes Saint Petersburg, Leningrad Oblast, Republic of Karelia, Murmansk Oblast, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Pskov Oblast, Kaliningrad Oblast, Vologda Oblast and Novgorod Oblast. The consulate-general offers consular assistance to citizens of France, whilst promoting trade and cultural ties between the French people and businesses and their counterparts in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18806396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806396" title="Dragomirești, Maramureș">
Dragomirești, Maramureș

Dragomirești () is a town in Maramureș County, Romania. It was declared a town in 2004.
Demographics.
At the 2002 census, 99.5% of the population were ethnic Romanians. 90.8% were Romanian Orthodox and 8.9% Greek-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18806397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806397" title="United States national ice hockey team">
United States national ice hockey team

The United States national ice hockey team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18806438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806438" title="Allium diabolense">
Allium diabolense

Allium diabolense is a species of wild onion known by the common name serpentine onion. It is endemic to central California, where it is known from the southern Coast Ranges and the Transverse Ranges.
This onion grows from a reddish brown bulb just over a centimeter long. It produces a stem up to 20 centimeters tall and one leaf which is longer than the stem. The inflorescence contains up to 50 dark veined pink-tinted white flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="18806441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806441" title="William Bryant (convict)">
William Bryant (convict)

William Bryant (c. 17571791) was a Cornish fisherman and convict who was transported to Australia on the First Fleet. He is remembered for his daring escape from the penal colony with his wife, two small children and seven convicts in the governor's cutter, sailing to Timor in a voyage that would come to rank alongside that of fellow Cornishman William Bligh as one of the most incredible ever made in an open boat.
Convict.
Little is known about Bryant's life before his appearance at Launceston assizes in March 1784. He is believed to be the William Bryant who was baptised in the church of St Uny, in the village of Lelant near St Ives, Cornwall, to parents William and Jane, in April 1757. Bryant worked, like the rest of his family, as a fisherman and mariner, but also became involved in smuggling and other illegal activities. In December 1783 he was apprehended at Bodmin and committed by the Mayor of St Ives for impersonating two Royal Navy seamen in order to obtain their wages. At the March assizes in Launceston he was sentenced to death, a sentence which was commuted to seven years transportation. He was taken to the prison hulk "Dunkirk" at Plymouth. His age at that time was given as 26.
Following the American War of Independence it was no longer possible to transport convicts to colonies in America and prisoners sentenced to transportation were held on the prison hulks while the government decided on a new destination. Bryant was to serve 3 years of his sentence on the "Dunkirk" before departing for Australia on the first fleet of ships taking convicts to Botany Bay. During these three years on the hulk he was described as behaving "remarkably well".
The "Dunkirk" held women convicts as well as men, and in March 1786 Bryant's future wife Mary Broad arrived on board. Mary Broad, who was a fisherman's daughter from Fowey in Cornwall but lived in Plymouth, had been convicted of highway robbery at the Lent Assizes at Exeter and sentenced to death. Reprieved, she was then sentenced to seven years' transportation "beyond the seas". Also with the prisoners from Exeter was James Martin who was to join the Bryants on their escape attempt. Martin's behaviour on the Dunkirk was described as "tolerably decent and orderly". On the "Dunkirk" the quarters of the men and women were separated by an iron grille and it is unlikely that Bryant was the father of Mary Broad's first child, Charlotte, who was born on the voyage to Australia. More probably Charlotte resulted from a relationship with a gaoler or marine - unusually for a child born to a transported woman the name of her father was not registered.
Another convict who would eventually form part of the escape party was James Cox. He arrived on the "Dunkirk" aged 24, already the veteran on one escape attempt. He had been sentenced to death at the Old Bailey for theft from a haberdashers, reprieved and sentenced to transportation. He had escaped from the "Mercury", bound for Canada, when bad weather had forced the ship to put into Torbay and the convicts had overpowered the crew. Recaptured, he had again been sentenced to death and again reprieved. On the "Dunkirk" he was described as behaving "remarkably well".
Transportation.
On 13 May 1787 the First Fleet set sail for Australia. Bryant, together with James Martin, James Cox and Mary Broad, was on the "Charlotte". The voyage to Australia, via the Canary Islands, Brazil, and the Cape of Good Hope, took eight months. On the way Mary Broad gave birth to a daughter, named Charlotte after the ship.
The fleet arrived in Port Jackson in New South Wales in February 1788. The original destination had been Botany Bay, but this area was deemed unsuitable for settlement. Within days Bryant and Mary Broad were married, one of five couples to be married by Reverend Richard Johnson in the first marriage ceremony in the new colony. Bryant signed his name on the register; Mary made her mark. Bryant's skills as a fisherman were in demand as the First Fleet had neglected to include enough people with knowledge of farming, fishing or gardening. He was put in charge of fishing and allowed to build a hut for his family in Farm Cove - a rare privilege for a convict. A year later, when rations were dwindling and the colony was going hungry, Bryant was caught holding back some of his catch for his own use and to swap for vegetables and was sentenced to 100 lashes. He was also evicted from his hut and put to work on the brick-making gang, but the colony soon found they could not do without his fishing skills and he returned to his hut and was put back in charge of fishing.
The following year, 1790, saw the arrival of a son for Bryant and his wife. He was given the name Emmanuel, which was a Bryant family name. It also saw the arrival of the Second Fleet. Bryant's sentence was due to expire in March 1791 and he would have been able to work his passage home to England. His wife, however, had a further two years of her sentence to run; since she would be unable to work her passage home she was in effect facing a lifetime in the colony. And the governor had announced that no convict, even if their sentence had expired, would be allowed to leave the colony if they left behind a wife and children who could not support themselves. Although supplies brought by the Second Fleet had warded off the threat of starvation for the time being, the long term prospects for the colony still looked bleak, and so the Bryants decided that escape was their only option.
Escape.
In December 1790 "the Waaksamheyd", a Dutch ship that had been chartered to bring provisions from Batavia (present day Jakarta), arrived in the colony and was to stay for several weeks while negotiations took place over a further charter. Bryant and his wife befriended the Dutch captain, Detmer Smith, and acquired from him the things they would need for their escape - a compass, quadrant, chart, rice, salt pork, flour, a barrel for water, two muskets and ammunition. The plan was to steal a boat and head for the Dutch East Indies 3,000 miles away.
The "Waaksamheyd" left Port Jackson on 27 March 1791, having been chartered to return to England. With no ship left in the harbour to give chase and the monsoon season fast approaching, Bryant decided to make his escape the following day when darkness fell. Along with his wife and two children, and seven other convicts (James Martin, James Cox and Samuel Bird from the First 
Fleet, and William Allen, Nathaniel Lilly, navigator William Moreton and Samuel Broom from the Second Fleet), he boarded the governor's cutter and loaded the provisions and equipment. They made their way past South Point without being spotted by the lookout and into the open sea. It was only in the morning that the escape was discovered. There was a certain amount of sympathy and admiration for the convicts; John Easty, a private in the Marines, wrote:
Today 8 men with 1 woman and 2 Children Convicts toke a kings boat of 6 oars with a large quantity of provisions... it was Supposed that they intinded for Bativee but having no vessell in the habour thare was no Pursueing them so thay got Clear of, but it is a very Desperate attempt to go in an open Boat for a run of about 16 or 17 hundred leags and pertuclar for a woman and two Small children... but the thoughts of Liberty from Such a place as this is Enough to induce any Convicts to try all Skeemes to obtain it as they are the same as slaves all the time thay are in this country.
Bryant and his crew set out to navigate up the east coast of Australia, passing between the Great Barrier Reef and the mainland, through the Torres Strait and across the Arafura Sea to Timor. They had to make frequent landings to find food and fresh water and caulk the seams of the boat. Sometimes they were watched by Aborigines, at first just curious, but as they went further north, more hostile. The cutter had two sails, and six oars that had to be used when the wind dropped. Before they reached the more sheltered waters of the Great Barrier Reef the weather deteriorated and they survived two storms, at one time being blown out to sea without site of land for eight days. Sailing up the Great Barrier Reef they were able to stop on uninhabited islands and replenish their food stocks with fresh turtle and shellfish. After sailing through the Torres Straits into the Gulf of Carpentaria they encountered a hostile reception from natives who on occasion pursued them in canoes.
Finally, 69 days after leaving Port Jackson, having sailed 3,254 miles, they made landfall at Kupang on the island of Timor. The escaped convicts had prepared a story to explain their arrival at Kupang in a small boat. Bryant took the his wife's maiden name, calling himself William Broad, and told the authorities that they were some of the survivors from a shipwreck on the Great Barrier Reef. The Dutch governor Timotheus Wanjon believed their story and provided them with accommodation, food and clothing, with Bryant signing bills that the governor could then send to the British government for reimbursement. The men found work on the quays and the next few months in the healthy climate of Kupang provided them with a respite from their privations.
Recapture and death.
On 15 September however another four small boats arrived in Kupang, carrying Captain Edward Edwards and the remains of the crew of HMS "Pandora", sunk off the Barrier Reef, as well as ten "Bounty" mutineers whom he had captured and who had survived the wreck. Although accounts differ as to exactly what happened, it was around this time that the authorities became suspicious of Bryant and his party, they were discovered to be escaped convicts and imprisoned. Even in prison they were not badly treated, the men being allowed out to work two at a time. On 5 October they, all in good health, were handed over to Edwards who had chartered the "Rembang" to take his crew and the "Bounty" mutineers on to Batavia, from where he could find passages for them to the Cape of Good Hope. On the "Rembang" the prisoners were subjected to the harsh conditions that Edwards was notorious for and were put in chains and given only enough food to prevent starvation. The captain of the "Rembang" had offered to provide a cabin for Mary Bryant and the children but Edwards refused the offer. When the Rembang arrived in Batavia a month later some of the convicts, including Bryant, were already suffering from fever and were moved ashore to the Dutch East India Company Hospital. Mary Bryant was allowed to accompany her sick son and husband. Bryant's son Emmanuel died in the hospital 1 December 1791.
Bryant died in the Dutch East India Company Hospital in Batavia on 22 December 1791, three weeks after the death of his son.
The widow.
Bryant and his son were the first of the convicts to die, but they were soon followed by three more. William Moreton the navigator and Samuel Bird died of a fever on the passage from Batavia to the Cape of Good Hope. At this time they were still under the control of Captain Edwards and were kept in irons and only allowed on deck for an hour in the evening. James Cox, possibly in a final escape bid, went overboard during this exercise time while the ship was passing through the Straits of Sunda. At the time the shore was only 2 miles away, so it is possible that Cox could have reached it, although it would have been unlikely if he had been in a weakened state and in handcuffs.
At the Cape of Good Hope Bryant's widow and her daughter Charlotte and the remaining four convicts were handed over to Commander John Parker of HMS "Gorgon", who was returning from Port Jackson. On this final leg of their journey back to England they received better treatment, with Mary being given a cabin to nurse her ailing daughter. Charlotte died on 6 May 1792 and was buried at sea. Also on the "Gorgon" were marines and their wives and children returning from Port Jackson. The marines included Captain Watkin Tench who had known Bryant and his wife since the days when he was in charge of the marines guarding the "Dunkirk" prison hulk and had sailed with them on the "Charlotte" to Australia. Captain Tench made the following comment about Bryant's escape:
I confess that I never looked at these people without pity and astonishment. They had miscarried in a heroic struggle for liberty; after having combated every hardship and conquered every difficulty.
When Bryant's widow and the remaining four convicts finally reached London in July 1792, just over 5 years since the First Fleet had departed for Australia, they could have been expecting to face the gallows. Instead they found they had become something of celebrities; James Boswell took up their cause and they were pardoned. Mary Bryant received her pardon in May 1793 after spending nearly a year in Newgate Prison, where her conditions had been alleviated by money donated by members of the public. After spending the summer in London in lodgings provided by Boswell, she decided to return to her family in Fowey. Boswell gave her a small annuity, which was cancelled by his family after his death in 1795. At that stage Bryant's widow disappears from the records. The other four convicts were released, largely thanks to Boswell's efforts, on 2 November 1793.
Legacy.
Bryant's voyage from Port Jackson to Timor in a small open boat has been to compared to that William Bligh and the castaways of the "Bounty". Bligh had the more experienced crew, including the sailing master of the "Bounty"; Bryant had the advantage of a route that included more coastal waters. "In the last analysis, it is generally conceded that each of the groups performed an amazing feat entitling them to a secure place in the annals of human endeavour", concluded C.H. Currey.
Bryant kept a log of the journey from Port Jackson to Kupang, "Reminescences on a Voyage from Sydney Cove, N.S.W. to Timor". When he was taken prisoner in Kupang the journal fell into the hands of the governor, Timotheus Wanjon, who showed it to William Bligh and one of his lieutenants on HMS "Providence", George Tobin, when they were in Kupang in October 1792. Bligh, who concluded that Bryant "must have been a determined and enterprising man", made notes from the journal, and intended to have it copied, but this was only partially done. The original was lost; the Dutch National Archives could find no trace of it in response to a query in 1962 and suggested that it could have been destroyed during the occupation of Timor 1811-17 when the British used the Kupang archives to make cartridges.
Bryant's widow Mary also left an account of the escape, dictated to James Boswell the day before she left London for Fowey. "I went to her in the forenoon and wrote two sheets of paper of her curious account of the escape from Botany Bay", wrote Boswell in his journal. These two sheets of paper have never been found. But in the 1930s a previously unknown account of the escape, James Martin's "Memorandoms", was found amongst the papers of Jeremy Bentham at University College, London. It is believed to have been written when Martin was in Newgate Prison, and is the only extant journal of a First Fleet convict. The "Memorandoms" were published online by UCL's Bentham Project in January 2014, with an introduction and detailed annotation.
The story of William and Mary Bryant's escape has been the subject of books, drama and films.

</doc>
<doc id="18806468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806468" title="Procolpochelys">
Procolpochelys

Procolpochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene of what is now Maryland, Virginia, and New Jersey. Its fossils have been found in the Calvert Formation. It was first named by Hay in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="18806472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806472" title="Muar District">
Muar District

Muar District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia. Muar District covers 1,376 km2, with a population of 247,957 (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="18806495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806495" title="Jeff Betts">
Jeff Betts

Jeff Betts (born March 8, 1970 in Charles City, Iowa) is a former U.S. soccer forward and coach who spent most of his career playing indoor soccer. He was a three time All Star and the 2000 World Indoor Soccer League Coach of the Year.
College.
Betts began his collegiate soccer career at San Diego State University in 1988. 
In 1989, he led the team in scoring with 32 points on 10 goals and 12 assists. The 12 assists remains a San Diego single season record. He appears to have taken a year off from school before finishing his collegiate career with two seasons at the University of Portland in 1991 and 1992. He graduated in 1993.
Professional.
In 1993, he signed with the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the American Professional Soccer League. He played three games before the Strikers waived him on June 18, 1993. He then signed with the Portland Pride of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL). The CISL was a summer indoor league. That fall, he signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL) which played a winter indoor schedule. In 1994, he returned to the Pride and continued to play each summer with the team until the CISL collapsed following the 1997 season. His 139 goals put him sixth on the CISL’s all time goals list and his 127 assists are fifth all time. In 1995, he scored 35 goals in 27 games, gaining him a place on the CISL All Star team. He was the All Star Game Offensive MVP. On February 7, 1996, the San Jose Clash selected Betts in the 7th round (68th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He did not sign with the Clash. Following the collapse of the CISL in 1997, several teams formed the Premier Soccer Alliance. With the new league, the Pride ownership chose to rename the team the Portland Pythons. This season, Betts scored 19 goals in 12 games and a spot on the All Star team. In 1998, Betts returned to the NPSL, this time with the Florida Thundercats. In 1999, the PSA was renamed the World Indoor Soccer League. At some point, Betts may have also played for the Arizona Thunder. In 2000, he served as coach for the Utah Freezz as well as playing for the team. He was the 2000 WISL Coach of the Year. By the time the WISL ceased operations in 2001, Betts ranked third all time in WISL goals with 53 and sixth all time in assists with 39. The Freezz folded in 2001. On November 14, 2002, the Dallas Sidekicks of the Major Indoor Soccer League signed Betts. He played fourteen games, then left the team on February 6, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18806526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806526" title="Writers Guild of America Awards 2008">
Writers Guild of America Awards 2008

61st WGA Awards<br> Presented by the Writers Guild of America, East and the Writers Guild of America, West
February 7, 2009
Best Adapted Screenplay: <br> Slumdog Millionaire
Best Original Screenplay: <br> Milk
The 61st Writers Guild of America Awards honored the best film, television, and videogame writers of 2008. Winners were announced on February 7, 2009.
Nominees.
Names in bold denote the winners.

</doc>
<doc id="18806528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806528" title="Syllomus">
Syllomus

Syllomus is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene. It was first named by Cope in 1896, and contains two species, "S. aegyptiacus" (syn. "Chelonia marylandica", "Peritresius virginianus"), and "S. crispatus". "Syllomus" is also known by its synonymal name, "Peritresius".

</doc>
<doc id="18806539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806539" title="1948 Chatham Cup">
1948 Chatham Cup

The 1948 Chatham Cup was the 21st annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with regional associations each holding separate qualifying rounds. Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Eastern Suburbs (Auckland), Waterside (Wellington), Technical Old Boys (Christchurch), and Roslyn-Wakari (Dunedin).
the 1948 final.
The final was a re-match of the previous years' final, with Technical Old Boys gaining revenge over Waterside for their loss of the previous year. The Waterside team proved disappointing when compared to their team of the previous year, and it was Tech who dominated. Though the Wharfies held the Canterbury side to a 0-0 half-time score, they succumbed in the second half to goals by Peter O'Malley and Cyril Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="18806551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806551" title="Olympics on TNT">
Olympics on TNT

The Olympics on TNT was the branding for Winter Olympic Games coverage produced by CBS for their cable partner, Turner Network Television. The last airing of the telecast was for the 1998 Winter Games in Nagano.
History.
While CBS was the American over-the-air television broadcaster for the 1992, 1994, and 1998 Winter Games, cable coverage was supplemented by TNT. The 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville gave TNT 50 hours of programming in exchange for $50 million towards rights fees. This in return, allowed CBS to reduce their financial outlay by joining forces with TNT. TNT aired events under the promotional slogan "The ultimate daytime drama." Nick Charles and Fred Hickman hosted the coverage from Turner's Atlanta studios in 1992 and 1994, while Jim Lampley was the host in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18806563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806563" title="United States presidential election in California, 1992">
United States presidential election in California, 1992

The 1992 United States presidential election in California took place on November 3, 1992 throughout all 50 states and D.C., which was part of the 1992 United States presidential election. Voters chose 54 representatives, or electors to the Electoral College, who voted for President and Vice President. This was the first time that California had voted for a Democratic presidential nominee since Lyndon B. Johnson in the 1964 election, and Clinton's win in this state, changed its status from reliably Republican to a reliably Democratic state to this day, and the state maintains the largest number of electoral votes in the Electoral College.
California voted for the Democratic challenger, Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton, over the Republican incumbent, George H. W. Bush, the first time the state voted Democratic since 1964. Ross Perot won only one county: Trinity County, California.
California has voted increasingly Democratic despite Reagan's decisive wins in his home state during the 1980 and 1984 elections, Changing demographics made the state much closer and Michael Dukakis only narrowly fell short of winning California in 1988. The Early 1990s recession was blamed on George H. W. Bush, causing a rise in unemployment in construction and real estate, and Bush had also raised taxes despite a campaign to never raise taxes, causing a split of voters to defect towards Ross Perot. This ultimately gave Bill Clinton a double digit victory in California, despite Bush's small margin of victory just four years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18806576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806576" title="Peter Noah">
Peter Noah

Peter Noah is an American television writer and producer. He served as an executive producer and regular writer for the NBC drama "The West Wing". Noah first became involved with the series as a consulting producer and regular writer for the fifth season and was promoted to supervising producer before the season's end. He continued in this role for the sixth season before becoming an executive producer for the seventh and final season.
Along with his fellow producers he was nominated for the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for three consecutive years (2004–2006) for his work on "The West Wing". In 2006 he was also nominated for the WGA award for best dramatic series. Noah went on to executive produce "The West Wing" star Jimmy Smits's next series "Cane". 
He is a co-writer for the upcoming "The Firm".

</doc>
<doc id="18806590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806590" title="Matt Targett">
Matt Targett

Matthew Targett (born 24 December 1985) is an Australian sprint freestyle and butterfly swimmer and model.
2006 Commonwealth Games.
In 2006 and in his home town of Melbourne, Targett competed in the 50 metres butterfly, finishing second and placing above more experienced countrymen Michael Klim and Matt Welsh. Targett was later disqualified for twitching before the starter's signal.
2008 Olympic Games.
Targett's second international meet was at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China, capturing a silver in the 4×100m medley and a bronze in the 4×100m freestyle relay, both in Australian, Commonwealth and Oceanic record time. He also finished 7th in the individual 100m Freestyle.
2009 World Championships.
Matt Targett's first world championships came in 2009 in Rome, Italy, he swam 4 races on day one, and thus not looking in peak form in the 4x100 freestyle relay, with the absence of Ashley Callus and Sullivan Australia was never in medal territory. Everything turned around on night 2, when he captured a silver in the 50m butterfly, with a terrific first 35 meters, he started to even up and he was touched out by Milorad Čavić by six hundredths. On the final day of competition he anchored the men's 4×100 medley relay to bronze.
In 2010, amidst sickness, Targett finished 5th in 50m Butterfly and 14th in the 100m Freestyle at the Telstra Australian Swimming Trials and failed to qualify for a second Commonwealth Games.
2011 World Championships.
On night 1, James Magnussen was the starter for the Australian relay team for the 4×100 freestyle relay, setting a swift 47.49 to get a large lead over Michael Phelps and Alain Bernard. Targett swam the second leg to extend the lead, Australia lead the whole way changing over to the 3rd leg with Matt Abood, finishing with sprinting veteran Eamon Sullivan holding off a strong finish by France. Night 2 brought more success, capturing silver again in the 50m butterfly behind César Cielo, his compatriot Geoff Huegill finishing with the bronze. In the lead up to these Championships, Targett developed a reputation at his club for his intensive strength regime outside the pool.
2012 Olympics.
Targett was selected for only the Men's 4x100 Freestyle relay alongside countrymen James Magnussen Eamon Sullivan and James Roberts. As favorites leading up to the London Games, the team was dubbed "Weapons of Mass Destruction" by the Australian media. The morning team, of which Targett and Sullivan were not part of, qualified fastest for the final. In what has been named by the some te "darkest day" in swimming in recent memory, the team came only 4th behind France, the USA and Russia. After a slow start by Magnussen, Targett as second swimmer held on to gain a position, while
Sullivan, who had the fastest split of the team retained third place, however anchor James Roberts was unable to hold off a Russian powerhouse team, was pipped at the wall and finished in 4th position.
In a surprise decision by the Australian coaching staff, Targett was selected to swim the butterfly leg of the Men's 4x100 Medley Relay in the heats. Targett swam a 51.30 and as a result was placed into the team for the finals along with Hayden Stoeckel, Christian Sprenger and James Magnussen. Australia cinched bronze in the final, behind the US who claimed gold and only 0.32 of a second behind Japan.
Modeling career.
In 2012 Targett launched his career as a male model, signing with Melbourne editorial agency Chadwick Models.

</doc>
<doc id="18806594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806594" title="Leith Brodie">
Leith Brodie

Leith Brodie (born 16 July 1986) is an Australian sprint freestyle and medley swimmer.

</doc>
<doc id="18806599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806599" title="Patrick Murphy (swimmer)">
Patrick Murphy (swimmer)

Patrick Murphy (born 22 February 1984) is an Australian sprint freestyle and backstroke swimmer. He is an Australian relay team veteran since 2005. He has captured 4 World Championship medals and 2 Olympic medals. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.

</doc>
<doc id="18806605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806605" title="My Family's Got Guts">
My Family's Got Guts

"My Family's Got Guts" is a family game show that aired on Nickelodeon. It was a revival of "Guts", and debuted on September 15, 2008. The show was taped in Sound Stages 23 and 24 at Universal Studios Florida, housing the Extreme Arena and the Aggro Crag, respectively. Stage 21, where the original "Guts" program taped, was most recently occupied by production of Impact Wrestling. This version is hosted by Ben Lyons and officiated by Australian celebrity Asha Kuerten. It was the first Nickelodeon production to be produced at Universal Studios Florida since the closing of Nickelodeon Studios in 2005.
Gameplay.
The show is unlike the original "Guts" as it follows a tournament-style structure of twelve teams being narrowed down to six during six preliminary episodes, and then three in three semifinal episodes, with the final teams competing in an hour-long "Aggro Bowl". The preliminaries consist of two events and then the Aggro Crag. Points also do not determine the winner. Each point a team is ahead of the other is worth a tenth-second head start (10 Points equal 1 second; maximum: 7 in the preliminaries, and 10 in the semi-finals and the Aggro Bowl for Season 1) in the Aggro Crag. In the semi finals, there are three events before the Aggro Crag that are more difficult than the previous round. The Aggro Crag is also more elaborate and challenging and the maximum head start is 10 seconds.
Events.
The Aggro Crag.
This takes place when the families must climb a mountain to taste ""My Family's Got Guts"" victory and win the competition.
Preliminary episodes require two players to climb the Crag - one climbing up their respective side of the mountain through the "Ice-Surfin' Switchbacks", a set of wobbly wedges that players needed to maneuver around, climb over the "Skeleton Stalagmites", and activate three actuators including one at the end of this first leg, "Avalanche Peak" with a "frozen lava storm" raining down on contestants. This in turns opens the Ice Portal at the base of the Crag, where the second player awaits. They must then cross some stepping stones across "The Glacial Gorge" and climb two vertical rock climbing walls dubbed "The Vertical Freeze", to reach the Crystal Peak and hit their final actuator to finalize the results.
Semifinal episodes now required all four players to climb the Crag. A new section was added, "The Mad Mesas", which was a path of boulders that the contestant needed to run over to reach the second player at the base of the Switchbacks. Their final actuator would open up a trapdoor in Avalanche Peak that lead them to a spiraling "Swirling Vortex" slide that lead them behind the main facade of the Crag and to the third player, who had to navigate the "Crag Caverns". Once they had maneuvered this maze, they needed to traverse the entire Glacial Gorge around the entire mountain and reach the base of the mountain, which would finally open the Ice Portal and allow the fourth player to climb the Vertical Freeze to victory.
In Aggro Bowls, a control panel was now placed at the start of the Crag Caverns where the third player from each team could control additional snow and hail that could challenge their respective opponents climbing the Mesas and Switchbacks. Once the second player made the exchange with the third, he or she could take over control and release "Arctic Steam" in the Crag Caverns and drop an avalanche on the fourth players climbing the Vertical Freeze.
For each victory, teams receive a white "piece of the Aggro Crag". The champion of the tournament receives all three including a considerably larger third piece, which can be put together to form a miniature Aggro Crag as a trophy along with the grand prize of a trip on the Nickelodeon Family Cruise.

</doc>
<doc id="18806682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806682" title="Elephants...Teeth Sinking into Heart">
Elephants...Teeth Sinking into Heart

Elephants...Teeth Sinking Into Heart is the second full-length album by Rachael Yamagata. It was released on 7 October 2008 via Warner Bros. Records in North America, 22 October 2008 in Japan, and 2 March 2009 in the UK.
Development.
The album is split into two CDs: Elephants, featuring a darker, more vulnerable and intimate tone, which is said to be more similar to Yamagata's debut, "Happenstance"; while ...Teeth Sinking Into Heart, shows a grittier, more cynical side of the artist, who has described it as "this mix of 'Pulp Fiction' surf guitar, PJ Harvey Tom Waits-flavored rock tunes which would be great to play live but ... just developed into this entity that would break the beauty of ('Elephants')." The album contains fifteen tracks (one of them hidden), ten appearing in the first disc, "Elephants", and five in "...Teeth Sinking Into Heart".
However, the Japanese release of the album consists of a single CD, containing sixteen tracks (the aforementioned fifteen tracks plus a bonus, "Jonah", not included in the American release.)
Most of the album was produced by Mike Mogis, known for previous works with artists such as Bright Eyes, Rilo Kiley, and The Faint, among others. John Alagia, who produced Yamagata's first album, "Happenstance", has also produced two of the tracks in this record ("What If I Leave", and "Horizon").
Release.
The release of this album comes over four years after Yamagata's debut album Happenstance; this delay was caused by changes at her original label, RCA, which ultimately led her to be released from her contract there. She has also changed managers during that time. Yamagata is now signed with Warner Bros. Records.
On August 26, 2008, Amazon.com and iTunes released a four-track EP, called "Selections from 'Elephants...Teeth Sinking Into Heart'", which contained two tracks off each part of the album ("Elephants" and "Sunday Afternoon", from "Elephants"; and "Sidedish Friend" and "Accident", from "...Teeth Sinking Into Heart").
On October 9, 2008, a two-song live acoustic video performance premiered on LiveDaily Sessions, featuring the songs "Faster" and "Sunday Afternoon".
The first single off the album was 'Elephants' and the video for the song was released on 16 September 2008.
The album was subsequently released in Japan on 22 October 2008 and in the UK on 2 March 2009.
Album packaging.
The album is set in digipak and contains two discs; the first being "Elephants" and the second is "Teeth Sinking Into Heart".
Critical reception.
"Elephants...Teeth Sinking Into Heart" had been widely acclaimed by most critics. The album received a score of 72/100, with generally favorable reviews on the site Metacritic. In a glowing review, Andrew Leahey of Allmusic called Yamagata "one of the strongest songwriters to emerge during the early 21st century" while praising the song 'Elephants' for its lyrical intensity. "Billboard" magazine in its review described the album as "an ambitious two-part album" and noted the contradictory yet effective musical styles between "Elephants" and "Teeth Sinking Into Heart".
Will Hermes of "Rolling Stone" magazine also noted the different musical direction and themes between the two discs on the album. He commented that "Elephants" is "a hushed mood piece that's all wet vowels and damaged love" and "Teeth Sinking Into Heart" is "filled with rock & roll bite and gloves-off verses" while stating that Yamagata had pushes past familiar singer-songwriter fare into bolder regions with the album.
In another review on the site LiveDaily, the album is said to "chronicles the perils of heartache and, after time, the subsequent realignment of a love life through a creative two-part album". David Peisner of "Spin" magazine in his review said that the album "unwinds like a melancholy film score" and added that Yamagata is "more convincing as a moper, but the album's alternately punchy and slinky conclusion is heartening proof that she's no quitter".
"Entertainment Weekly" gave the album a rating of 'B-' and stated that the problem with the album lies in its two-part structure but were impressed by Yamagata's delivery of the songs. In the same review, the song 'Elephants' was reviewed as being a standout and was stated as "belongs in the canon of great spurned-lover songs".
Evan Sawdey of "PopMatters" however, wasn't impressed with the album. He reviewed of disc "Elephants" "the kind of bland, ballad-heavy disc that Yamagata had avoided so gracefully thus far in her career, and it’s really a sad sight to see her finally succumb to such whims". Although dissatisfied with the first disc, Sawdey was impressed with "Teeth Sinking Into Heart" and stated that the second disc "with its brisk running time, "Teeth" leaves you wanting more".
Charts.
"Elephants... Teeth Sinking into Heart" debuted at #53 on Billboard Hot 200 with sales of 9600 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18806692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806692" title="Oliver Tickell">
Oliver Tickell

Oliver Tickell is a British journalist, author and campaigner on health and environment issues, and author of the "Kyoto2" climate initiative, supported by a website. He is the son of Sir Crispin Tickell, the environmentalist and former diplomat.
In 2002, 2006 and 2010 he was a candidate in elections for the Oxford City Council, representing the Green Party, but he was not elected.
He was appointed as editor of The Ecologist in October 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="18806711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806711" title="Anastasiya Verameyenka">
Anastasiya Verameyenka

Anastasiya Vladimirovna Verameyenka (Belarusian: Анастасия Владимировна Веремеенко, born in Kohtla-Järve, Estonia, Soviet Union on July 10, 1987) is a Belarusian professional women's basketball player of Turkish powerhouse Fenerbahçe Istanbul.
Veremeyenka won a bronze medal with Belarus women's national basketball team at EuroBasket Women 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18806723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806723" title="Jéssica Sodré">
Jéssica Sodré

Jéssica Sodré (born July 21, 1985) is a Brazilian television actress.
Early life.
She was born in Nilópolis, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Career.
Sodré is best known for her work on telenovelas, including "Prova de Amor" and "Senhora do Destino".

</doc>
<doc id="18806728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806728" title="Effects of nuclear explosions on human health">
Effects of nuclear explosions on human health

The medical effects of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima upon humans can be put into the four categories below, with the effects of larger thermonuclear weapons producing blast and thermal effects so large that there would be a negligible number of survivors close enough to the center of the blast who would experience prompt/acute radiation effects, which were observed after the 16 kiloton yield Hiroshima bomb, due to its relatively low yield:
Fallout exposure - Depending on if further afield individuals Shelter in place or evacuate perpendicular to the direction of the wind, and therefore avoid contact with the fallout plume, and stay there for the days and weeks after the nuclear explosion, their exposure to fallout, and therefore their total dose, will vary. With those who do shelter in place, and or evacuate, experiencing a total dose that would be negligible in comparison to someone who just went about their life as normal.
Staying indoors until after the most hazardous fallout isotope, I-131 decays away to 0.1% of its initial quantity after ten half lifes - which is represented by 80 days in I-131s case. Would make the difference between likely contracting Thyroid cancer or escaping completely from this substance depending on the actions of the individual.
Some scientists estimate that if there were a nuclear war resulting in 100 Hiroshima-size nuclear explosions on cities, comparable to the construction of Hiroshima 1945, it could cause significant loss of life in the tens of millions from long term climatic effects alone. The climatology hypothesis is that "if" each city firestorms, a great deal of soot could be thrown up into the atmosphere which could blanket the earth, cutting out sunlight for years on end, causing the disruption of food chains, in what is termed a Nuclear Winter scenario.
Blast effects - the initial stage.
Immediate post-attack period.
The main causes of death and disablement in this state are thermal burns and the failure of structures resulting from the blast effect. Injury from the pressure wave is minimal in contrast because the human body can survive up to 2 bar (30 psi) while most buildings can only withstand a 0.8 bar (12 psi) blast. Therefore, the fate of humans is closely related to the survival of the buildings around them.
Types of radioactive exposure after a nuclear attack.
In a nuclear explosion the human body can be irradiated by at least three processes. The first, and most major, cause of burns is due to thermal radiation and not caused by ionizing radiation.
In the picture above, the normal clothing (a Kimono) that the woman was wearing attenuated the far reaching thermal radiation, the kimono however would have naturally been unable to attenuate any gamma radiation, if they were close enough to the weapon to have experienced any, and it would be likely that any such penetrating radiation effect would be evenly applied to her entire body. Beta burns would be likely all over the body if there was contact with fallout after the explosion, unlike thermal burns which are only ever on one side of the body, as heat radiation infrared naturally does not penetrate the human body. In addition, the pattern on her clothing has been burnt into the skin by the thermal radiation. This is because white fabric reflects more visible and infrared light than dark fabric. As a result, the skin underneath dark fabric is burned more than the skin covered by white clothing.
There is also the risk of internal radiation poisoning by ingestion of fallout particles, if one is in a fallout zone.
Radiation poisoning.
Radiation poisoning, also called "radiation sickness" or a "creeping dose", is a form of damage to organ tissue due to excessive exposure to ionizing radiation. The term is generally used to refer to acute problems caused by a large dosage of radiation in a short period, though this also has occurred with long term exposure to low level radiation. Many of the symptoms of radiation poisoning occur as ionizing radiation interferes with cell division. There are numerous lethal radiation syndromes including prodromal syndrome, bone marrow death, central nervous system death and gastrointestinal death.
Prodromal syndrome.
In prodromal (initial) syndrome, a dose of 1.5 gray or less is not lethal, but causes gastrointestinal distress such as anorexia, nausea, fatigue and possibly diarrhea.
Bone marrow death.
Bone marrow death is caused by a dose of radiation between 2 and 10 gray and is characterized by the part of the bone marrow that makes the blood being broken down. Therefore production of red and white blood cells and platelets is stopped by division of precursor stem cells ceasing (4.5 gray kills 95% of stem cells). The loss of platelets greatly increases the chance of fatal hemorrhage. While the lack of white blood cells causes septicemia infections, the fall in red blood cells is minimal and only causes mild anemia.
The exposure to 4.5 gray of penetrating gamma rays has many effects that occur at different times:
In 24 hours:
These will usually abate after 6–7 days.
Within 3–4 weeks there is a period of extreme illness.
The peak incidence of acute BM death corresponds to the 30 day nadir in blood cell numbers. The number of deaths then falls progressively until it reaches 0 at 60 days after irradiation. The amount of radiation greatly affects the probability of death. For example over the range of 2 to 6 gray the probability of death in untreated adults goes from about 1% to 99%, but these figures are for healthy adults. Therefore results may differ because of the thermal and mechanical injuries and infectious conditions.
Gastrointestinal death.
Gastrointestinal death is caused by a dose of radiation between 10 and 50 gray. Whole body doses cause damage to epithelial cells lining the gastrointestinal tract and this combined with the bone marrow damage is fatal. All symptoms become increasingly severe causing exhaustion and emaciation in a few days and death within 7–14 days from loss of water and electrolytes.
The symptoms of gastrointestinal death are:
Central nervous system death.
Central nervous system death is the main cause of death in 24–48 hours among those exposed to 50 gray.
The symptoms are:
Short term effects (6-8 weeks).
Skin.
The skin is susceptible to beta-emitting radioactive fallout. The principal site of damage is the germinal layer, and often the initial response is erythema (reddening) due to blood vessels congestion and edema. Erythema lasting more than 10 days occurs in 50% of people exposed to 5-6 gray.
Other effects with exposure include:
Lungs.
The lungs are the most radiosensitive organ, and radiation pneumonitis can occur leading to pulmonary insufficiency and death (100% after exposure to 50 gray of radiation), in a few months.
Radiation pneumonitis is characterized by:
Ovaries.
A single dose of 1-2 gray will cause temporary damage and suppress menstruation for periods up to 3 years; a dose of 4 gray will cause permanent sterility.
Testicles.
A dose of 0.1 gray will cause low sperm count for up to a year; 2.5 gray will cause sterility for 2 to 3 years or more. 4 gray will cause permanent sterility. 
Long term effects.
Cataract induction.
The timespan for developing this symptom ranges from 6 months to 30 years to develop but the median time for developing them is 2–3 years.
Cancer induction.
Cancer induction is the most significant long term risk of exposure to a nuclear bomb. Approximately 1 out of every 80 people exposed to 1 gray will die from cancer, in addition to the normal rate of 20 out of 80. About 1 in 40 people will get cancer, in addition to the typical rates of 16-20 out of 40. Different types of cancer take different times for them to appear:
In utero (within the womb) effects on human development.
A 1 gray (unit) dose of radiation will cause between 0 and 20 extra cases of perinatal mortality, per 1,000 births and 0-20 cases per 1000 births of severe mental sub normality. A 0.05 gray dose will increase death due to cancer 10 fold, from the normal 0.5 per 1000 birth rate to a rate of 5 per 1,000. An antenatal dose of 1 gray in the first trimester causes the lifetime risk of fatal cancer sometime in the child's life to increase from, ~25% in non exposed humans, to 100% in the first trimester 1 gray exposed.
Transgenerational genetic damage.
Exposure to even relatively low doses of radiation generates genetic damage in the progeny of irradiated rodents. This damage can accumulate over several generations.
In humans however, Microcephaly is the only proven malformation, or congenital abnormality, found in the in Utero developing Human fetuses present during the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombings.
No statistically demonstrable increase of congenital malformations was found among the "later conceived children born" to survivors of the Nuclear weapons at Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
The surviving women of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, that could conceive, who were exposed to substantial amounts of radiation, went on and had children with no higher incidence of abnormalities than the Japanese average.
Infectious diseases resulting from nuclear attack.
It was assumed in the 1983 book "Medical Consequences of Radiation Following a Global Nuclear War." that although not caused by radiation, one of the long term effects of a nuclear war would be a massive increase in infectious diseases caused by fecal matter contaminated water from untreated sewage, crowded living conditions, poor standard of living, and lack of vaccines in the aftermath of a nuclear war, with the following list of diseases being cited:
However although what the authors describe are conditions already prevalent in many of the world's city slums, it is inconceivable why people would try to remain living in crowded conditions by reverting to slum lifestyles, during or after a nuclear war. As many cities would already be destroyed, with urban life, slum or otherwise, therefore serving no benefit to inhabitants.
There would be billions of disease carrying vectors, in the form of city residents, lying deceased in cities caused by the direct nuclear weapons effects alone, with the surviving few billion people spread out in rural communities living agrarian lifestyles, with the survivors therefore posing a way of living far less prone to creating the crowded slum living conditions required for infectious diseases to spread. Moreover, as reported in a paper published in the journal Public Health Reports, it is also one of a number of prevalent myths that infectious diseases always occur after a disaster in cities. 

</doc>
<doc id="18806742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806742" title="John Bennet (judge)">
John Bennet (judge)

Sir John Bennet (1553 – 15 February 1627) was a judge and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1597 and 1621. His career ended in disgrace after he was found guilty of extorting bribes and excessive fees.
Life.
Bennet was the second son of Richard Bennet of Clapcot, Berkshire (now in Oxfordshire) and his wife, Elizabeth Tesdale, the daughter of Thomas Tesdale of Stanford Dingley and Abingdon. She was the half-sister of Thomas Tesdale, the founder of Pembroke College, Oxford. He was probably educated at Abingdon School of which his family were benefactors. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford in 1573. He was awarded BA in 1577 on 11 June 1577 and his MA on 15 June 1580. In 1583 he was incorporated at Cambridge and awarded MA there. He returned to Oxford and was elected a proctor in 1585. He was awarded his BCL and DCL by special dispensation on 6 July 1589. In the following year was admitted as an advocate in the Court of Arches. 
Bennet began his career as vicar-general and chancellor in the Diocese of York, probably through the influence of John Piers, the Archbishop of York, who had been the Dean of Christ Church. He was joint commissary of the exchequer court. In 1591 he was appointed to the prebend of Langtoft. In 1594 he was appointed J.P. for the East Riding of Yorkshire. He advanced his career in other areas, serving as a legal adviser to a commission negotiating with Scotland about the security of the border, and in 1599 was appointed to the Council of the North. 
In 1597, Bennet was elected Member of Parliament for Ripon. He was elected MP for York in 1601. He was knighted at Whitehall on 23July 1603. In 1603 or 1604 he became judge of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, retaining his positions in York as commissary until 1609 and chancellor until 1624. He was elected MP for Ripon again in 1604. During his time in Parliament, he defended the ecclesiastical courts but was unsuccessful in preventing a bill prohibiting married men residing with their families in the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge Universities. He was a member of the High Court of Delegates, hearing appeals from ecclesiastical and admiralty courts, and the Court of High Commission. In 1608 he was appointed Master in Chancery in Ordinary and in 1611 was appointed to the council of Queen Anne, wife of James I. He was growing in wealth and status and is reported to have offered £30,000 to become Lord Chancellor, without success.
Bennet, who was interested in the affairs of Oxford University, was asked by Sir Thomas Bodley to act as fund-raiser for the Bodleian Library, a task he carried out efficiently. Bennet was one of the first governors of Pembroke College, Oxford. He was elected MP for Oxford University in 1614 and 1621. However, he was accused by Richard Kilvert in Parliament of extracting bribes and excessive fees in his judicial work. The issue was debated in his absence, Bennet pleading ill-health, and it was decided that he should be expelled from the House of Commons and the case referred to the House of Lords. He was placed under house arrest. When he appeared before the House of Lords, he said that he could account for all but £4,000 of the money that had passed through his hands. He was bailed in the sum of £20,000 and ordered to pay to Oxford University £1,000 that he still had as executor of Thomas Bodley's estate: he only paid £550. When the case was eventually tried, Bennet's counsel put up a weak defence. Bennet was fined £20,000, but punishments of imprisonment and disqualification from office were later lifted. It was said that his profiteering from his post overshadowed that of Francis Bacon: "Sir John Bennet hath made my Lord Chancellor an honest man". 
Bennet died on 15 February 1627 and was buried at Christ Church, London.
Bennet married firstly Alice Weekes daughter of Christopher Weekes of Salisbury and had four sons and two daughters. She died in 1601 and he married secondly Elizabeth Lowe, daughter of Sir Thomas Lowe, alderman of London. She died in 1614 and he married thirdly Leonora daughter of Adrian Vierandeels of Antwerp, a widow.

</doc>
<doc id="18806743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806743" title="Amanitenmemide">
Amanitenmemide

Amanitenmemide was a Nubian king whose throne name was Nebmaatre. His name is written in Meroitic, while his throne name is written in classical Egyptian hieroglyphs. He is thus far only known from his pyramid in Meroe (Beg. N17). The pyramid occupies an area of 8.6 X 8.6 m and is, therefore, one of the smaller royal pyramids at Meroe. In front of the pyramid there was a decorated chapel. The decoration was copied by the Lepsius expedition. One wall was brought to Berlin, where it is displayed in the Neues Museum. Another, now only preserved in six blocks, is in the British Museum in London. 
Three skeletons were found in the burial chamber of the pyramid - two of them belonging to women, the third to a man of about 30 years, which are, perhaps, the remains of the king himself.
There is little evidence for dating the king. The small size of the pyramid indicates a date after Natakamani, under whom the pyramids in general became smaller. It has been suggested that Amanitenmemide belongs to the first century AD.

</doc>
<doc id="18806750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806750" title="Töölö Sports Hall">
Töölö Sports Hall

Töölö Sports Hall (, ) is a sports venue located in the Töölö district of Helsinki, Finland. It was built in 1935 as Messuhalli (Exhibition Hall). It is located near the Olympic Stadium, the Opera House, and the Sonera Stadium. 
The hall was originally a venue for concerts, banquets and sporting events, but is now used only for training and competition in various sports. 
In preparation for the 1952 Summer Olympics the building was expanded on the northern side.
During the Olympics gymnastics, wrestling, boxing and weightlifting events as well as the basketball finals were held at the venue.
In June 1966 the hot pitch used to fix the hall's roof caught fire. The ensuing blaze almost destroyed the whole building but was eventually extinguished with the help of 175 firemen and the army, the latter of which kept the gathered crowds out of the way.
In 1975 the hall was moved to Helsinki city ownership and got its current name. It is the home arena of the basketball team Torpan Pojat.

</doc>
<doc id="18806751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806751" title="General de Jesus College">
General de Jesus College

Founded in 1946, the General de Jesus College (GJC), formerly known as General de Jesus Academy, is a private school located in the Poblacion, San Isidro, Nueva Ecija, the Philippines. The College offers undergraduate courses.
Campus.
Vallarta St., Poblacion, San Isidro, Nueva Ecija
Philosophy.
Development of a morally upright, civic-minded, and useful citizenry is the responsibility of any educational institution.
Vision.
General De Jesus College as a leading learning institution where every learner is transformed into a God-loving and highly productive citizen responsive to the local, national and global needs.
Mission.
General De Jesus College is committed to produce graduates who are instilled with nationalistic, moral and spiritual values and who are equipped with life and career competencies..
Institutional Objective.
It is the goal of the General de Jesus College to provide quality education
to students through a well-trained academic management team,
effective teaching and non-teaching staff, and a program of
continuous growth for faculty, staff and students.
Brief history.
The plight of San Isidro’s youth, who had nowhere to go for secondary education after World War II, was the prime factor that led to the founding of General de Jesus Academy. The founders were prominent citizens of the town, namely: Paz Policarpio-Mendez, Soledad Medina, Francisco Narciso, Teofilo P. Abello, and Ricardo Odulio.
The school was named in honor of General Simeon de Jesus, San Isidro’s hero. General de Jesus, who was executed by the Japanese in Fort Santiago, was one of the most distinguished graduates of the Philippine Constabulary Academy, now Philippine Military Academy.
General de Jesus Academy opened in June 1946 in a rented building which was the former residence of the Moreno family. It started with seven teachers, including the principal, and 255 students from first to fourth year.
From 1946 to 1977, the school operated only the academic secondary course. In 1978, the school board, heeding the appeal of parents who could not send their children to Manila or Cabanatuan City for college education, opened a collegiate department. The first course offered during the school year 1978 -79 was Liberal Arts. At present, the courses being offered are: Bachelor of Science in Accountancy (BSA), Bachelor of Science in Accounting Technology (BSAcT), Bachelor of Information Technology (BSIT), Bachelor of Science in Hotel and Restaurant Management (BSHRM), Bachelor of Secondary Education (BSE), Bachelor of Elementary Education (BEEd), Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA), Bachelor of Science in Commerce (BSC), Two-Year Associate in Computer Technology (ACT), and Hotel and Restaurant Management (HRM).
In 1992, the Pre-school and the Elementary departments started serving the community.
General de Jesus Academy was converted into a college when the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) approved the change in status on August 28, 1997 and the school from then has been known as General de Jesus College.
Envisioned by the founders in the beginning as an institution that would provide the educational needs of the town’s youth, it has grown from its modest beginnings into a progressive institution that is one of the best in the province.
In the DECS List of 300 Top Performing Colleges and Universities in 1992 PBET (Professional Board Examination for Teachers) General de Jesus College obtained a national rank of 144 and a Regional rank of 24. It ranked No. 2 in Nueva Ecija, second only to the Central Luzon State University. Its high school department was chosen in 1996 as the Most Effective Private High School in the Division of Nueva Ecija.
General de Jesus College is a stock, non-sectarian school under a board composed of nine (9) members. The Chairman of the board is Mr. Carlo P. Mendez, while the President is Dr. Noemi A. Villanueva.
Accreditation History.
Accredited by the Association of Christian Schools, Colleges and Universities-Accrediting Agency, Inc. (ACSCU-AAI)

</doc>
<doc id="18806756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806756" title="Taste in High Life">
Taste in High Life

Taste in High Life is an oil-on-canvas painting ("engraving seen on the right") from around 1742, by William Hogarth. The version seen on the right was engraved by Samuel Phillips in 1798, under commission from John Boydell for a posthumous edition of Hogarth's works, but Phillips's final, third state was not published until 1808.
Analysis.
The work, a forerunner of "Marriage à-la-mode", was intended to satirise and poke fun at the types of dress and garbs that were in fashion at the time, and the superficiality of the tastes and nature of the aristocracy in general. Several figures are seen in the painting, all of whom are dressed in heavily caricatured renditions of the fashion that reigned in the 1740s. Most prominently exhibited is an elderly woman wearing a sacque covered with satirically overblown roses expanded by a large hoop. Standing near her is an opulently dressed man, thought to be "Beau" Colyear, 2nd Earl of Portmore (the dress he wears is said to be the very same he wore to his birthday in the year of the painting's creation) The two huddle together in admiration over the minute porcelain cup held by the lady and saucer held by the lord. Also part of the company is another woman clutching the chin of a black page boy wearing a turban – thought to be designed after Ignatius Sancho, an actor and writer, in his youth – both of whom are also dressed as exquisitely as the first two. The black page, holding a type of Chinese porcelain figure, is a servant, and was painted in as an element of irony in the work; as a slave, he mocks his masters, who themselves bowed before fashions and the latest frivolities of upper-class life. Even the monkey standing in the centre foreground wears a flowing, cuffed robe as he examines the list of purchases made by one of the four – it is not known whom – at a recent auction. In the painting on the wall, the transitory nature of fashion is represented by the cupids at left, who use a bellows to blow up a fire of discarded petticoats and wigs; at right, the classical form of the female sculpture is contrasted with the cutaway rear view of her enormous hoop underskirt stiffened with whalebone, "the mode 1742" as the painting's legend has it. The fashionable hoops make the seated lady's dress rise up ridiculously behind her, and in a vignette on the fire-screen at right, a lady is shown trapped in a sedan chair that is filled by her hoops—this woman appears again in the background of Hogarth's "Beer Street" in 1752.
Commissioning.
The work was commissioned by Mary Edwards of Kensington, a consistent patron of Hogarth's. Miss Edwards, who had inherited a sum of more than £50,000 pounds a year at the age of twenty-four, was considered eccentric, having married a son of the fourth Duke of Hamilton, whom she discarded when he turned out to be profligate. On this occasion she engaged the services of Hogarth with the specific intent of commissioning a painting that would humorously mock what she considered to be the ridiculous fashions and indulgences of the upper class of the time, and "female adornment". It is reported that she did this as an act of vengeance, as she had been ridiculed by the type of people scoffed at in the painting. For a price of sixty guineas, Hogarth agreed to fulfil her request, but it is known that he was not particularly fond of his work; Hogarth often felt less enthusiastic about productions for which a specific commission was made, that were executed to order.

</doc>
<doc id="18806758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806758" title="Rory Sidey">
Rory Sidey

Rory Sidey (born 4 July 1986 in Sydney) is an Australian rugby union player who played for the New South Wales Waratahs, Western Force and Melbourne Rebels. His primary position is inside centre.
Early years.
Sidey was educated at Trinity Grammar School, NSW. He represented NSW Under 19s, and Western Sydney Rams in the sole Australian Rugby Championship, having played his club rugby for West Harbour RFC in the Shute Shield.
He spent the 2008/09 northern hemisphere season playing for the Newport Gwent Dragons in Wales.
Super Rugby.
In August 2009, Sidey signed with the Sydney based NSW Waratahs. He spent 2011 and 2012 with the Western Force in Perth and joined the Melbourne Rebels in 2013.
He made his Rebels debut in Round 1 of the 2013 Super Rugby season, against the Force, at home at AAMI Park. He played inside centre but can also play outside centre, or on the wing.
In 2013 went on to play in all Rebels Super Rugby matches, except for one he missed due to injury. He also played 80 minutes in the tour match against the British and Irish lions.
Sidey left the Rebels at the end of the 2013 season and moved back to Sydney to complete his law exams.
Education.
Sidey is a Chinese linguist and has a Bachelor of Law from Macquarie University.

</doc>
<doc id="18806764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806764" title="Temnopteryx">
Temnopteryx

Temnopteryx is a genus of cockroaches. The genus includes "Temnopteryx phalerata", the Cape Zebra Cockroach, which is endemic to the Fynbos biome of the Western Cape province of South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18806794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806794" title="Comparison of tablet computers">
Comparison of tablet computers

This is a list of tablet computers, grouped by intended audience and form factor.
Media tablets.
(Multi-)Media tablets designed for entertainment are compared in the following tables.
Larger than screen.
Following two tables compare larger than screen multimedia tablets released in "2012" and later.
Android and iOS.
This table compares multimedia tablets running "Android" or "iOS" operating systems.
Windows.
This table compares multimedia tablets running "Windows" operating systems.
screen.
This table compares screen (multi-)media tablets released in "2012" and later.
Older.
2011.
screen and larger.
This table compares and larger screen (multi-)media tablets released in "2011".
screen.
This table compares screen (multi-)media tablets released in "2011".
2010.
screen and larger.
This table compares and larger screen (multi-)media tablets released in "2010".
screen.
This table compares screen (multi-)media tablets released in "2010".
2009 and earlier.
This table compares (multi-)media tablets released in "2009" and earlier.
Industrial tablets.
This table compares tablet computers designed to be used by professionals in various harsh environmental conditions. Most of them are rugged. Some are meant to be mounted in vehicles or used as terminals.

</doc>
<doc id="18806800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806800" title="Skip Gilbert">
Skip Gilbert

Francis “Skip” Gilbert is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper and former CEO of USA Triathlon, the governing body for that sport. He was a two-time first team All American goalkeeper and played one season in the North American Soccer League. He is the former Vice President of Marketing for the United States Soccer Federation.
Soccer.
Gilbert attended the University of Vermont where he played on the men’s soccer team from 1980 to 1983. He was selected as a first team All American goalkeeper in 1982 and 1983. He graduated with a bachelors degree in economics and political science and was inducted in the Vermont Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993. On August 31, 1983, he played one game for the Tampa Bay Rowdies in the North American Soccer League.
Sports executive.
After retiring from playing, Gilbert entered the sports marketing career field. He was an account executive at Tennis Magazine, ADWEEK and Ziff-Davis before spending nine years in marketing at Sporting News, part of that as the national sales manager. On July 24, 1997, he moved to the United States Soccer Federation where he was the Vice President of Sales. In June 1998, he became the Chief Marketing Officer at USA Swimming. In July 2001, Gilbert became the Vice President-Sponsorship Sales for the Arena Football League. In July 2003, he was hired as the New York Sales Manager for Outside Magazine. On March 4, 2005, he became the CEO of USA Triathlon, the U.S. national governing body for the sport. On August 30, 2010 USA Triathlon announced Skip's departure as CEO. Tim Yount, the Senior Vice President for Sport Development of USA Triathlon, will assume the role of acting executive director while a search committee seeks a replacement for Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="18806822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806822" title="William Piers">
William Piers

William Piers (Pierse, Pierce) (c.1580 – 1670) was Vice-Chancellor of Oxford University from 1621 to 1624, Bishop of Peterborough from 1630 to 1632 and Bishop of Bath and Wells from 1632 to his death in 1670.
Life.
The son of William Piers or Pierse, was born at South Hinksey Oxford, and baptised in the parish church of All Saints 3 September 1580; his father was John Piers, Archbishop of York. He matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford 17 August 1599, and became student the same year. He graduated B.A. in 1600, M.A. in 1603, B.D. 1610, D.D. 1614. He became chaplain to John King, and in 1609 he was presented by James I to the rectory of Grafton Regis, Northamptonshire, which he resigned in 1611 on his collation by Bishop King as Archdeacon of Northolt, which he held till 1632.
He was heavily influenced by John King, a bishop of London, who himself had been the chaplain to Archbishop Piers, when appointed as chaplain in 1612. At Oxford he followed Arminianism and high church doctrine in William Laud's circle. He was licensed to preach, became a prebendary of St Paul's, and a reader in Divinity.
In 1615 he added to his other preferments the rectory of St. Christopher-le-Stocks in the city of London, which he held till 1620. In January 1616 he was presented to the fifth stall as a Canon of Christ Church Cathedral, which he exchanged for the eighth stall 16 December 1618, holding it "in commendam" till 1632. In 1618 he received from his patron, Bishop King, the prebendal stall of Wildland in St. Paul's Cathedral, holding with it the office of divinity reader. As canon of Christ Church he resided chiefly at Oxford, and, though not the head of a house, served the office of vice-chancellor in 1621-4. As vice-chancellor he used his authority to oppose the Calvinist party in the university, and he secured a D.D. degree for the royalist Robert Sibthorpe. He encouraged the Doctrine of Grace, which rejected predestination and moved towards a more universal truth and divine forgiveness. However in his early career he still held onto Calvinism.
It was the last of these Calvinist political Bishops John Williams of Lincoln, a former Lord Keeper, who appointed Piers to the deanery of Peterborough 9 June 1622. He was elevated in 1630 to the bishopric of Peterborough, being consecrated on 24 October. He obtained letters of dispensation to hold the rectory of Northolt and the canonry of Christ Church together with his bishopric "in commendam"; Northolt he soon resigned, taking the chapter living of Caistor, 27 February 1632. In October 1632 he was translated from Peterborough to Bath and Wells, with William Laud's backing. He enforced the orthodox ceremonies, and in 1633 issued orders for the positioning and railing of the communion table, being obeyed in 140 churches of the diocese, but resisted by the majority.
The churchwardens of Beckington refused to carry out the change, and were excommunicated for their contumacy. Backed up by leading puritan laity in the clothier districts, they appealed to the court of arches, but in vain. A petition sent by parishioners to Laud was disregarded. The churchwarden then appealed to the king, but could get no answer. They were then imprisoned in the county gaol, where they remained for a year, being released in 1637 only on condition of submission and public acknowledgement of their offence. Later Laud, when in the Tower of London in 1642, accepted the whole responsibility.
Piers also offended strict Sunday Sabbatarians; the judges of assize had forbidden unlawful Sunday meetings, and ordered that the prohibition should be read by the ministers in the parish church. These orders were reissued in 1632 by Justice Richardson, which Piers opposed the following year using the only available precedent St Gregory's Case. Laud, finding this interference with episcopal jurisdiction, wrote to Piers to obtain the opinion of some of the clergy of his diocese as to how the wakes were conducted. However by 1636, only 140 of 469 in the Canterbury Province had complied with the ruling. In Somerset Fry and Wheeler, churchwardens refused to move and rail the altar. Laud excommunicated them, which deepened resentment against Arminianism.
Piers's reply to Laud upheld the old custom of wakes and church ales or parish ales, basing the outcry against them on Sabbatarianism. He collected seventy-two signatures from clerics who supported wakes and church recreation. Opponents were accused of forming illegal puritan conventicles and alehouses. He proceeded to enforce the reading of the Declaration or "Book of Sports" in church, visiting the clergy who refused with censure and suspension, but earning widespread antipathy in many parishes of his see. Evidence however shows Piers also hunted recusants. Many lived in Somerset, but few were prosecuted. Piers also followed Laud's reforms of Wadham College, Oxford, founded by a Somerset squire, in his efforts of 1633 and 1637. Piers was a dedicated bishop, keeping meticulous accounts. He sued the previous bishop Walter Curll for allowing Wells Cathedral to fall into disrepair; although John Cosin called Piers to account for his time at Peterborough.
Piers was an equally determined enemy to the 'lectureships'. Secularizing preachers gave a ministry for free; but they lacked uniformity. Piers further ordered that catechising should take the place of lectures, and according to William Prynne, he boasted that, 'thank God, he had not one lecture left in his diocese'. Piers argued that Feast Days, much to puritan anger, were good for the people to enjoy at Thanksgiving and Christmas. According to Raleigh a new type of "precisian" puritan objected feasts on the Sabbath. Historian Jonathan Barry has demonstrated that ritualism in Somerset linked some clergy and women in outdoor ceremonies to alleged witchcraft; ministers of ejected livings dabbling with Shamanism.
The Personal Rule's policies made Piers very unpopular. Ship Money in 1635 collected inland became bitterly resented in puritan villages of North Somerset. In 1636 he decided to appoint his son William Piers as Rector of Buckland St Mary. An argument ensued with puritan noble Sir Francis Popham who owned the advowson, and did not want a high church cleric in his parish.
On Laud's fall a petition was presented to the House of Commons against Piers. Within a few days of the committal of Laud to the Tower on 18 December 1640. Piers, together with Bishop Matthew Wren, was impeached before the House of Lords, and bound to appear at the bar on 30 December. The 'Articles of Association, 8' (printed in 1642), in fifteen heads, closed with a denunciation of Piers. A committee was appointed to investigate the charges; its scope was widened to embrace the clergy generally. Piers was one of the twelve bishops who signed the protest against the legality of parliamentary proceedings in their enforced absence, for which they were accused of high treason and committed to the Tower in December 1641.
At the beginning of their imprisonment he preached to his brother prelates two sermons on 2 Cor. xii. 8-9, which were later published. Having been liberated on bail by the Lords, he and the other were again imprisoned by the Commons. Piers was deprived of his bishopric, but recovered his liberty, and lived on an estate of his own in the parish of Cuddesdon in Oxfordshire, where he married a second time. In 1660 he was restored to his bishopric. At the end of his life he left Wells and settle at Walthamstow in Essex. Here he died in April 1670, in his ninetieth year, and was buried in the parish church. He left two sons by his first wife: William, who became a D.D., and was appointed by his father to the archdeaconry of Bath, and John, a lay prebendary of Wells, who inherited the family estate at Cuddesdon.

</doc>
<doc id="18806829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806829" title="New Sunshine Project">
New Sunshine Project

The New Sunshine Project (NSS) is a Japanese project to develop the technologies for new energy and global environment integrating the Sunshine, the Moonlight (Energy-saving technology R & D) and the Global Environment Technology Projects since 1993. It is the successor of the 1974 MITI Sunshine Project.
Programs.
The development for safe utilization and infrastructure of hydrogen project was a project to develop the technologies for safe utilization and infrastructure of hydrogen running from 2003-2007. It was the successor of the World Energy Network (WE-NET) research program 1993-2002.
The Fundamental research project on advanced hydrogen science is a project to develop the technologies that enables the transportation and storage of large volumes of hydrogen in a compact form running from 2006-2012 It is the successor of the development for safe utilization and infrastructure of hydrogen research program (2003–2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18806830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806830" title="Les Misérables (disambiguation)">
Les Misérables (disambiguation)

Les Misérables is a novel by Victor Hugo.
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18806833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806833" title="Nassim Mendil">
Nassim Mendil

Nassim Mendil (born 27 March 1979) is a French football player who last played as a forward for Villacidrese in the Italian Lega Pro Seconda Divisione.
Career.
Born in Rognac, France, Mendil began his career in the SC Bastia academy, which he joined at the age of 15. On 22 February 1999, he made his first team debut for SC Bastia, coming as a second half substitute against Toulouse FC in the 25th week of Ligue 1 action. It would be his only first team appearance after a contract dispute with the club. He spent one more season with the club's reserve team, scoring 24 goals, before leaving to Italy to join US Avellino in Serie C. After just half a season with the club, he was signed by another Serie C team Lecco.
In his second season in Italy, Mendil joined Serie B side AS Cosenza, playing alongside former AC Milan striker Gianluigi Lentini and scoring 10 goals. His performances that season did not go unnoticed and he was linked with moves to a number of clubs including English clubs Fulham and West Ham United, and Italian clubs Atalanta and Reggina both playing in Serie A at the time. In the summer of 2002, he signed a 5-year contract with Reggina.
After signing with Reggina, Mendil was loaned out a number of times, spending time with Catania, Ascoli, Spezia Calcio 1906 and Salernitana. Since then, he has also played for AC Ancona and A.C. Pro Sesto. Mendil scored six goals for Pro Sesto in Serie C1 during the 2007–08 season.
In the summer of 2008, he signed with Serie C1 team Paganese Calcio 1926. but in January 2009 he joined Belgian Second Division team Eupen.
In the summer of 2010 he signed with Serie D team Bacoli . and actually he's still playing there.
International career.
Mendil was contacted several times by then Algerian head coach Rabah Madjer to play in the Algerian National Team in a friendly against Belgium. Mendil asked Madjer for some time to consider the call-up and eventually declined to allow him to deal with his transfer situation. He was called up a second time for a friendly, but his club never received the invitation. He has not been called up again since.

</doc>
<doc id="18806867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806867" title="Gino's East">
Gino's East

Gino's East is a Chicago-based restaurant chain, notable for its deep-dish pizza (sometimes called Chicago-style pizza), and for its interior walls, which patrons have covered in graffiti and etchings. The restaurant features deep-dish pizza baked in cast-iron pans, as well as sandwiches, soups and salads.
History.
The original Gino's East was opened in 1966 by two taxi drivers, Sam Levine and Fred Bartoli, and a friend, George Loverde. The deep dish pizza is cooked with the cheese on the bottom, then the toppings and then the sauce. The original location of the restaurant was at 160 East Superior Street, just east of Michigan Avenue, in the Streeterville district of Chicago.
Expansion.
The company subsequently opened other locations in the Chicago Metropolitan Area, including Naperville, Rolling Meadows, Lake Zurich, Deerfield, Oak Lawn, and Highland, Indiana. The Oak Lawn location closed in 2008. The Naperville location closed in late 2010. Additionally, Gino's East operates a mail-order business, where patrons can order frozen pizzas and have them shipped overnight. The company opened its first restaurant located outside the Chicago area in Granger, Indiana, but closed it in 2012. And since 2007, Lake Geneva, WI.
The restaurant eventually moved from its Superior Street location into another space at 633 North Wells Street (in the former Chicago location of Planet Hollywood). The tradition of writing on the walls, however, remains the same in the new location. The original location on Superior Street reopened in 2007.
References.
(1) http://featuredfoods.com/cgi-local/SoftCart.exe/a-store/gino_p1.shtml?L+scstore+xrlq6194ginosff086f08+1218450040
(3) http://dest.travelocity.com/DestGuides/0,1840,TRAVELOCITY|4158|3|1|2425,00.html

</doc>
<doc id="18806879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806879" title="Fuchun Teahouse">
Fuchun Teahouse

Fùchūn Teahouse (Chinese: 富春茶社) is a famous Chinese restaurant known for its trademark Fuchun "Baozi" and its self-made tea Kuilongzhu (Chinese: 魁龙珠), established in 1885 in Yangzhou, China .
It's located in a long alley, called 'Desheng bridge'(得胜桥), which was known for the knife business.

</doc>
<doc id="18806890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806890" title="FairlyLife">
FairlyLife

Gameplay.
"FairlyLife"'s gameplay requires little interaction from the player as most of the duration of the game is spent simply reading the text that appears on the screen which represents either dialogue between the various characters or the inner thoughts of the protagonist. Every so often, the player will come to a point where he or she is given the chance to choose from multiple options. The time between these points is variable and can occur anywhere from a minute to much longer. Gameplay pauses at these points and depending on which choice the player makes, the plot will progress in a specific direction. There are five main plot lines that the player will have the chance to experience, one for each of the heroines in the story. To view all five plot lines, the player will have to replay the game multiple times and make different decisions to progress the plot in an alternate direction. One of the goals of the gameplay is for the player to enable the viewing of hentai scenes depicting the protagonist, Akinori Takaoka, and one of the five heroines having sexual intercourse.
Development.
"FairlyLife" is Hooksoft's seventh title. The game was directed by Mujin Kawanami, and produced by Akira Asami. The general manager was Kei, and the event planner was Uto Yakamoto. The game was programed by Ichirōji, and was edited by Noah Kuroki. The scenario staff for "FairlyLife" consists of Kawanami as the main writer, and Mohrii as the only other writer. Art direction was headed by Shitano, while graphics was headed by Rohei Yamane and other graphics were done by Mitsuki and Mahiro. Character design was shared by the two artists Makako Matsushita and Racco. The music in the game was composed by Takao Matsuura, while sound in general was headed by VⅡ.
Release history.
Two free game demos are available for download at "FairlyLife"'s official website; the first contains no adult material, while the second does. "FairlyLife" was first be released on October 10, 2008 as a limited edition DVD playable only on a Microsoft Windows PC, and came bundled with a music CD containing an insert song featured in the visual novel and a set of piano arrange tracks of the heroines' leitmotifs. A fan disc featuring a focus on the heroine Miku Takaoka entitled "Mikuri Makuri" was released at Comiket 75 on December 28, 2008. A PlayStation Portable port titled "FairlyLife: MiracleDays" was released by GN Software on February 25, 2010.
Related media.
Manga.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Kurumi Morisaki was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's seinen manga magazine "Comp Ace" between September 26 and November 26, 2008, compiling three chapters.
Music and audio CDs.
"FairlyLife"'s opening theme is "FairlyLife" sung by Miyuki Hashimoto, the insert song is by Miki Tsuchiya, and the ending theme is by Nana. The game's original soundtrack was released by Lantis on February 25, 2009 and contained thirty-five tracks.
Hooksoft released a combination drama and music CD on May 30, 2008 entitled "FairlyLife The First Review "What are you doing?"" which contains twelve tracks, ten drama and two music. The music tracks are the full version of "FairlyLife"s opening theme song "FairlyLife", and the instrumental version of that song. Five of the drama tracks contain short radio dramas, and the remaining four tracks cover two different stories split in two parts each. Hooksoft released another combination drama and music CD at Comiket 74 on August 17, 2008 entitled . In addition to a new drama and the full version of "FairlyLife"'s opening theme song, the CD also contains the full opening themes from the visual novels "BackStage" and "Hare Hare Harem" being produced by Hooksoft's sister brands TJR and Smee, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18806895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806895" title="Marta Vilajosana">
Marta Vilajosana

Marta Vilajosana Andreu (born 13 March 1975) is a Spanish road bicycle racer. She was competed in the Women's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where she finished 55th.

</doc>
<doc id="18806912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806912" title="Tahlee, New South Wales">
Tahlee, New South Wales

Tahlee is a suburb of the Great Lakes Council local government area in the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia, located on the northern shores of Port Stephens. The suburb is sparsely populated with the only significant population centre being the property of Tahlee, from which the suburb got its name. The remainder of the suburb is primarily undeveloped bushland.
History.
Earliest inhabitants.
The earliest inhabitants of this area were the Worimi people tribe. Tahlee comes from the local Aboriginal word, "Tarlee", meaning "sheltered from the wind and above water". Early relationships between the original inhabitants and white settlers were relatively harmonious. In fact, the Australian Agricultural Company (AA Co) would not have succeeded without their help. Tahlee's history since the AA Co's first settlers arrived in 1826 has been inextricably linked to the property of Tahlee, which is located at the southeastern corner of the suburb, adjacent to Port Stephens.
The Australian Agricultural Company.
The Australian Agricultural Company was founded in 1824, through an Act of the British Parliament, with the right to select of land in the colony of New South Wales, for agricultural development. After initial criticism's of the company's Sydney committee over their lack of enthusiasm in finding a suitable location to use as the company's base the Port Stephens area was decided on after Robert Dawson, the company's first commissioner, arrived in Sydney on 23 December 1825 with stock, plant and equipment for the new settlement. Port Stephens had been recommended by John Oxley, the Surveyor General of New South Wales, after the AA Co's committee had insisted on a base near the coast, where shipping facilities were available. On 1 January 1826 Dawson set out to explore Port Stephens, eventually deciding on the present site of Tahlee and Carrington as a suitable place for his headquarters.
During his time as commissioner, Dawson began work on Tahlee House, the home of the AA Co's first four commissioners. Nearby, a site was chosen for a township, which Mr Dawson renamed Carrington. Robert Dawson led the AA Co until 1828 when the committee replaced him with his assistant, Mr. James Ebsworth, in an interim capacity.
Sir William Edward Parry, the Arctic explorer and hydrographer, became the next commissioner of the AA Co in 1829 and arrived at Tahlee in March 1830. His five-year tenure was marked by progress and social reformation. Parry was a devout Christian. When he discovered that the settlement lacked a church, he conducted his own Sunday service in the carpenter's shop at Carrington.
Lt-Colonel Henry Dumaresq, who had been Governor Darling's assistant, became the next commissioner in 1834. He served until his death in 1838, when Mr James Ebsworth took over again as interim commissioner. Mr Ebsworth opposed a proposal by the company's English directors to subdivide the land into small parcels. Port Stephens would be a different place today if the plan had succeeded.
Captain Phillip Parker King was the final AA Co commissioner to live in Tahlee House. By then, the Company's directors had realised the land was unsuitable for grazing and chose to the relocate its headquarters to Stroud. The Australian Agricultural Company’s chapter of Tahlee’s history closed with the end of his appointment in 1849.
After the Australian Agricultural Company.
Mr Frederick Manton, from Sydney, purchased the Tahlee property from the AA Co in 1854 for ₤2,500. However, the house burned down in 1860, leaving only the walls.
The White era.
In 1880 Robert Hoddle Driberg White discovered he had come into a fortune when his grandmother left him considerable property in Melbourne. However, the matter had been kept a secret from him for 13 years. The subsequent court case brought him enormous wealth and notoriety. On returning to Port Stephens, Mr White was invited to stand for Parliament and was elected for the seat of Gloucester. It was during this time that he purchased Tahlee for ₤850.
Considerable development took place during this period. Improvements and extensions were added to Tahlee House. Twelve full-time gardeners were employed to maintain a number of terraced gardens. Mr White was well known for bringing guests from Sydney on his steam yacht, "Kingfisher." A horse-drawn tram would then transport them to their rooms from the harbour below the house.
On his death, the estate was held in trust for his widow and then passed to their son, Alfrey Beecher Stewart White, who lived primarily in Sydney. He used Tahlee House as a country retreat.
The Gospel Fishermen.
In 1948 the staff of the Gospel Fishermen Mission, which was located on the southern shores of Port Stephens in Tanilba Bay, visited Tahlee for a picnic. Over the next year, applications were forwarded to Mr White to rent the property to the mission. In June 1949, the Theobold family moved into the Waterfront Cottage and began using the ballroom and billiard room at Tahlee. In 1951, the ministry established a missionary training camp under the supervision of Mr Frank Biggs. Mr White continued to visit Tahlee House but, in 1959, he offered the property to the Mission, which accepted after a large donation made it possible for the purchase to take place.
Tahlee Bible College and other activities on the site.
The first lectures at the new Tahlee Bible College commenced on 10 June 1959 and the public opening held on 31 October 1959 attracted 400 people. More than 1,000 students have trained at the college and many of these are now in Christian service in Australia and in countries all over the world.
Tahlee Bible College officially discontinued operations at Tahlee in 2009 (no students were enrolled in 2008 or 2009). However several other ministries such as camps and events for children, young people and families continue to be held on site. Tours of Tahlee House and other historic buildings form part of the present activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18806919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806919" title="Curtin University Singapore">
Curtin University Singapore

Curtin Singapore is the second off-shore campus of Australia's Curtin University. Curtin Singapore is Australian based university that provides local and international students with the opportunity to receive an Australian university education in Singapore. In Australia, Curtin is the largest university in Western Australia, with around 37,000 undergraduate students and 11,000 graduate students. 
Location.
The Curtin University Singapore campus is situated at 90 and 92 Jalan Rajah off Balestier Road. 
Curtin Singapore was officially opened on the 13th of November 2008 by Singapore's Senior Minister of State for trade and industry, S.Iswaran and by the Australian High Commissioner to Singapore, Doug Chester
History.
Curtin University has been actively present in Singapore since 1986 through the establishment of links with reputable private educational providers in Singapore, namely the Singapore Human Resource Institute, Marketing Institute of Singapore, and the Singapore Institute of Materials Management. Prior to the establishment of its full fledged independent campus in Singapore, degrees from Curtin were awarded through these partners. 
Curtin's new campus in Singapore allows the University to be able to provide courses on its own merit. All Curtin University courses are now delivered at the campus commonly known as Curtin Singapore. Students at the Singapore campus are awarded the same degree and transcripts as their peers at the other campuses. The overall investment in this venture is expected to be S$40 Million.
Curtin Singapore's operations began in December 2008 with an initial enrolment of 900 students. This included new and continuing students who were enrolled in Curtin's courses through the University's Partners in Singapore. Curtin Singapore now hosts over 2000 students.
Facilities.
The landscaped campus has facilities that include lecture theatres, canteen, library, sports and shower facilities, student gymnasium, computer labs and clinical laboratory amongst others.
Schools and departments.
The university initially offered courses from the university's School of Business and eventually expanded to include humanities, and Health Sciences. Future plans include courses from the School of Engineering.
The courses offered by the Singapore campus follows the identical structure and curriculum content as those offered at the main Bentley Campus in Perth. During their course of studies, students have the discretion to transfer to other Curtin campuses in Sydney or Perth to gain further international exposure and widen their perspectives. Curtin Singapore offers a range of Curtin College pathway programs and Curtin University undergraduate and postgraduate programs:
Pathway.
Certificate IV Tertiary Preparation Program
Diploma of Arts & Creative Industries
Diploma of Commerce
Undergraduate.
Bachelor of Arts (Mass Communication)
Bachelor of Commerce
Bachelor of Science (Nursing) Conversion Program for Registered Nurses (Top Up)
Postgraduate.
Master of International Business
Master of Science (Project Management)
Master of Logistics (Supply Chain Management)
Master of Science (Clinical Leadership)
Entry Requirements.
Curtin demanded academic entry requirement and English entry requirement for new student applying to study in Curtin. 
Undergraduate / Bachloer Degree.
For undergraduate course, Curtin’s academic entry requirement is high-school level 12 or equivalent and English entry requirement is minimum 6.0 IELTS score or 79 Internet-based TOEFL. 
Graduate / Master Degree.
For postgraduate course, Curtin academic entry requirement is undergraduate or bachelor degree acceptable by Curtin standard. To join Curtin postgraduate course, student also required English entry requirement of minimum 6.0 IETLS score or 79 Internet-based TOEFL. 

</doc>
<doc id="18806921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806921" title="Satu Mäkelä-Nummela">
Satu Mäkelä-Nummela

Satu Mäkelä-Nummela (Born October 26, 1970 in Orimattila, Finland) is a female Finnish sports shooter. She won the gold medal in the Women's Trap event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She has also won bronze medals in Women's Trap event in 1995 and 2009 at ISSF World Shotgun Championships. Her club is OSU (Orimattilan Seudun Urheiluampujat).

</doc>
<doc id="18806935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806935" title="Jimmy Rolland">
Jimmy Rolland

Jimmy Rolland was an English football (soccer) forward who spent four seasons in the American Soccer League. He was the 1978 league leading scorer and MVP.
In 1974, he signed for Northwich Victoria from Buxton FC. In his first season for Northwich, he scored 45 goals in 56 games; only two other Northwich players have better records in the club's history. However the lure of the growing football scene in the USA saw him sign for the Los Angeles Skyhawks in the American Soccer League. Despite being on the LA Skyhawks' books, he returned to Northwich in 1976, scoring a vital goal in the club's best modern-time FA Cup run.
In the same season, his team, LA Skyhawks won the league championship and Rolland was the team and league's second leading scorer. In 1978, he led the league with 17 goals in 24 games, leading to his selection as league MVP. In 1980, he played for the California Sunshine. He then played for the San Francisco Fog during the 1980-1981 Major Indoor Soccer League season.

</doc>
<doc id="18806971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806971" title="Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill">
Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill

Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill is a grade II* listed Tower mill at Stansted Mountfitchet, Essex, England which is also a Scheduled Ancient Monument. It has been restored and can turn by wind.
History.
Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill was built in 1787 for Joseph Lindsell. Lindsell sold the mill in 1807 to Henry Chaplin, who mortgaged the mill to Robert Sworder in April 1808. Chaplin died in 1844 and the mill was offered for sale by auction on 22 December 1846 without a buyer being found.
In 1847, it was reported that one pair of sails required replacement. The old Common sails were replaced with a pair of Spring sails at a cost of £29 4s 0d by Thomas Seabrook, millwright of Furneaux Pelham, Hertfordshire. In March 1848, it was reported that one of the remaining Common sails had blown down, and the remaining sail was not fit for further work. A pair of “new Patent sails” was fitted at a cost of £12 5s 0d, with a new sail back costing a further £5 13s 4d. In November 1848 the mill was again working on two sails, and another pair of Patent sails were fitted at a cost of £23. Hicks demanded a reduction in rent from £60 to £45 per annum at midsummer 1850, which he was successful in obtaining.
Hicks left the mill in 1853, and recommended William Randall Dixon to be the next tenant. Dixon took the mill on a seven year lease at £45 in May that year. A bake office was built in February 1854 at Dixon’s request and the rent was increased to £55. An oak stock was reported as cracked at about this time, and the mill was again reduced to two sails in September 1854 as a stock was defective. Dixon left the mill in 1856 and Edward Hicks again took the tenancy of the mill.
In 1860 Hicks asked for the mill to be modernised and a new steam mill to be built. The proposal for the steam mill was dropped, but a new windshaft was required and a fantail was asked for in return for an increase in rent. The cap frame was also repaired, with a new weatherbeam fitted. A new cast iron windshaft was fitted by Seabrook at a cost of £25. Seabrook fitted a new fantail in that year at a cost of a further £25. Hicks left the mill in June 1861, and a local man by the name of Ervin took the mill at a reduced rent of £40. In 1862, millwright Fyson of Soham remodelled the machinery, converting the mill from an underdrift mill to an overdrift mill at a cost of £58 13s 7d. The stage and round house were removed at this time. John Buck took the mill in 1863 an a rent of £20, and reported that various work done by Fyson was faulty. Rectification was carried out by Seabrook. The mill was sold to William White in January 1865 for £1,150.
By 1870, the mill had four double Patent sails which were over wide. A steam engine was assisting the sails by 1890. The mill last worked commercially in 1910. In 1930, the tower had to be strengthened with three iron bands and in 1934 the second Lord Blyth had the mill repaired and presented it to the parish. The mill served as a Scout hut from the 1940s to 1963. It was scheduled as an Ancient Monument in 1952. The mill was opened to the public for the first time in 1964, with restoration work being done in 1966. In 1984-5, the mill was repaired by Millwrights International of Mapledurham, Berkshire at a cost of £14,000. The work enabled both the cap and sails to turn. In 2003, the mill was struck by lightning during an open day. In 2005, it was reported that repairs costing £70,000 were needed. An appeal to local residents for support in raising money towards the repair of the mill was generally ignored, despite leafletting every house in Stansted Mountfitchet.
Description.
Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill is a five storey tower mill with a domed cap winded by an eight bladed fantail. The tower is diameter at base, and diameter at curb level. The brickwork is only thick at ground level, and generally only about at higher levels. This has resulted in a weak tower which required strengthening with three iron bands. Height of the tower is from ground level to curb. the cap is from curb to roof hatch, giving the mill an overall height of The cast iron windshaft is in two parts, with a separate tail section. It carries four Single Patent sails (originally double Patents, later cut down), and a wooden diameter clasp arm brake wheel of oak and elm with 99 iron segment teeth. This drives a wooden wallower with 44 teeth carried on a wooden upright shaft. The clasp arm great spur wheel is diameter, with 140 cogs. It drives three pairs of overdrift millstones. The stone nuts having 28 teeth each.
As originally built, the mill had a wooden windshaft, and a stage, which was above ground level. The mill was built with four Common sails carried on a wooden windshaft. The cap was winded by hand. The mill was originally an underdrift mill, with the millstones a floor higher than they are now. A lean-to structure known as the roundhouse was attached to the mill below stage level.
Millers.
References for above:-
Public access.
Stansted Mountfitchet Windmill is open on the first Sunday of each month from 1.30 - 5.30pm, and on other special days.

</doc>
<doc id="18806975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806975" title="Sandalbar">
Sandalbar

Sandalbar is a region in Pakistan. The vast tract from Shahdara to Shorkot, Sangla Hill to Toba Tek Singh, is traditionally called Sandalbar. Faisalabad was once part of ancient district Jhang and Sandalbar, a part mainly consisting of thick forests and wild tribes. It has been a land of freedom fighters and great lovers - famous among Sikhs and other faiths. The great freedom fighters, such as Bhagat Singh - came from Bange village, nine kilometres from Jaranwala. The legendary love hero, Mirza Jutt, was born in Moza Danabad, seven kilometres from Jaranwala.
Also DULLA BHATTI the legendary rebel associated with the festival of lohri was the ruler of Pindi Bhattian in this region.
This area is known for Jhumar, a lively form of music and dance that originated in the Punjab and Balochistan regions in Pakistan.
also one of the British officer came to see Jhumar after watching that dance he named that placed Jhumara means Dancing and from that day this placed called Chak Jhumra. chak means small town and jhumra means dancing. 

</doc>
<doc id="18806984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806984" title="Suzanne Balogh">
Suzanne Balogh

Suzanne Elspeth (Suzy) Balogh OAM (born 8 May 1973 in Queanbeyan, New South Wales) is a sport shooter from Australia. Balogh competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won a gold medal in Trap. She also competed in the Double Trap event. She also competed in the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester where she won a bronze medal, and the 2006 Games in Melbourne, where she won a gold and a bronze in the Trap events.

</doc>
<doc id="18806993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806993" title="Zeppelin Rammer">
Zeppelin Rammer

The Zeppelin Rammer () was a project for a German 'secret weapon' by Luftschiffbau Zeppelin designed to use the technique of aerial ramming against the allied bomber fleets reigning supreme over Nazi Germany in the last years of World War II.
Description.
A relatively conventional miniature aircraft with straight, constant-chord wings, the plane was to be towed or carried aloft by a mother plane, then released upon contact with an enemy bomber fleet. Igniting a Schmidding 533 solid-fuel rocket engine, it was to make a first attacking pass, firing its 14 nose-cone mounted R4M 55 mm diameter-apiece rockets before the attacking the enemy bomber's wings and tails directly with a ramming attack. The little plane was expected to survive the ramming of the bomber owing to its armored wings, after which it would glide unpowered to safety and land on a retractable skid.
Owing to the high risks for the pilot inherent in its operation this aircraft is sometimes referred to as a suicide weapon, however it was originally not intended as such. Its wings, the main weapons of its ramming attack, were to be strongly reinforced with steel leading edges and metal tubing, and it was expected that the pilot would be able to survive the attack to land in any convenient field for the airplane to be reused later. After January 1945 an order of sixteen prototypes was placed but the Zeppelin factory was destroyed by bombers terminating all work on the project.

</doc>
<doc id="18806996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18806996" title="Leptarthrus">
Leptarthrus

Leptarthrus is a genus of robber-flies, Most species are found throughout Europe, and there is one Chinese species.

</doc>
<doc id="18807010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807010" title="David Ouellet">
David Ouellet

David Ouellet is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18807014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807014" title="Florian Lucchini">
Florian Lucchini

Florian Pier Francis Lucchini (born February 13, 1981, in Perpignan) is a French footballer who currently plays for Greek Football League side Panserraikos F.C. as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Lucchini started his career in Stade Rennais youth academy before joining Corsican sides GFCO Ajaccio and AC Ajaccio. In 2007 he played for six months in Ionikos FC and signed with Vihren for a free transfer in July 2008.
Vihren.
Lucchini made his official debut for Vihren in a match against Levski Sofia on 9 August 2008. He played for 90 minutes. The match ended in a 1:0 win for Vihren.
He made a phenomenal contribution to Vihren in the Bulgarian first division game against Levski and Sandanski fans named him "The crazy Corsican". The Bulgarian variation of this name is "Лудият корсиканец". In the 58th minute Lucchini saved a penalty kick.

</doc>
<doc id="18807030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807030" title="Corey Cogdell">
Corey Cogdell

Corey Cogdell (Born September 2, 1986 in Palmer, Alaska) is a female American trapshooter. She won the bronze medal in the Women's Trap event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was also the bronze medalist at the 2007 Pan American Games in the Women's Trap event. Cogdell also competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Corey made the National Development Team in 2006 at Fall Selection when she placed first in the junior women’s trap competition. That same day, she made the National Team when her score also placed her third in the open women’s trap competition. Corey is currently living at the Olympic Training Center as a resident athlete and is engaged to Denver Broncos defensive lineman Mitch Unrein, whom she has dated since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18807043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807043" title="María Isabel Moreno">
María Isabel Moreno

María Isabel Moreno Allue (Maribel Moreno) (born 2 January 1981) is a Spanish road bicycle racer from Ribes de Freser, Girona. 
Doping.
Moreno was due to compete in the Women's road race at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing on 10 August, but did not start having been tested positive for EPO. Moreno arrived in Beijing on 31 July and was immediately tested. She fled the country for Spain that same day, having suffered a panic attack. The positive test results were announced on 11 August, making Moreno the first athlete to test positive for a banned substance at the 2008 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18807044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807044" title="The Forest High School">
The Forest High School

The Forest High School, (abbreviation TFHS) is a government day school located in Frenchs Forest, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, on Frenchs Forest Road. It is a co-educational secondary school operated by the New South Wales Department of Education with students ranging from grades 7 to 12. The school was established in 1961 as a secondary school for the Northern Beaches area. Students at the school come from the North Shore and Northern Beaches regions. 
The high school is also notable in being one of the few that offer optional single-sex classes in Junior years, in subjects where it has shown that boys and girls progress at a different rates and ability. The Forest High School is highly regarded for its performing arts. The Forest High has a school musical each year sponsored by Optus, a school orchestra which plays at Sydney Kings matches and numerous Drama and performance nights.
History.
The formation of The Forest High School was the result of a campaign by a representative body known as The Forest High School Promotion Committee formed on 1 November 1958. The committee members were anxious to have established a co-educational high school that would cater for the educational needs of the suburbs of Frenchs Forest, Forestville, Beacon Hill and Terrey Hills.
On 31 January 1961 Stage One of the building was completed and The Forest High School opened for "education" with an initial enrolment of 318 students and a staff of 14 teachers under the principalship of Mr. E.G. Bell. The school motto "Spectemur Agendo" - let us be judged by our actions - was chosen by the pioneer students and staff. The school crest was designed by the art teacher.
By 1963 Stage Three of the building program was completed with the three major blocks and enrolments had increased to 963 students. This year also saw the completion of the Assembly Hall in time for the second annual Speech Night on the 9th April. In May of that year students presented audiences with the musical "Puss in Boots". The School magazine, "Yarrabee", was first issued in the same year.
By 1964 it was considered that the school had reached the level necessary for an official opening. This occurred on Saturday 24 October 1964. The opening was attended by the NSW Director-General of Education, Dr Harold Wyndham, the Member for Wakehurst, Dick Healey, the NSW Minister for Education, Ernest Wetherell, and was officially opened by the Governor of New South Wales, Lieutenant-General Sir Eric Woodward.
The 1960s witnessed the beginnings of the musical program of The Forest High School with the formation of the school orchestra, band and choir. Debating and public speaking also started during this time.The Forest high won major trophies in 1963 for Inter Zone Junior in athletics and swimming. In 1969 D block and the gymnasium were opened to accommodate the growing number of students.The final stage of building was completed in 1976 with the opening of the Library.
Student Houses.
Current Houses
Former houses

</doc>
<doc id="18807065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807065" title="Marloes and St Brides">
Marloes and St Brides

Marloes and St. Brides (Welsh: "Marloes a Sain Ffraid") is a community council in the West Wales county of Pembrokeshire.
The main settlements are the villages of Marloes and St Brides. Both villages lie on the southern shore of St Brides Bay

</doc>
<doc id="18807076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807076" title="2008 Indian floods">
2008 Indian floods

The 2008 Indian floods were a series of floods in various states of India during the 2008 monsoon season. The floods mostly affected the western regions of Maharashtra state and Andhra Pradesh as well as northern Bihar. In India, the monsoon season generally lasts from June to September.
According to Ministry of Home Affairs (India)'s disaster management unit, the countrywide death toll from floods in various states was 2,404 between June to September.
Early monsoon.
Earlier, during the start of the monsoon season, West Bengal and Orissa were hit with heavy rains, creating a flood-like situation in the two states. The monsoon killed 100 people, mostly in the country's east and north-east. In Andhra Pradesh alone, 42 people died in a matter of two days because of sudden, heavy rains.
August flooding.
In August, the Konkan region of Maharashtra experienced heavy monsoon rains, placing lives in jeopardy. Many inter-city trains between Mumbai and Pune were cancelled. Heavy waterlogging had been reported from Chiplun, Rajapur, Khed and Mahad in Maharashtra. On 10 August 2008, a major landslide caused extensive damage to a three-story building at the Sinhgad Technical Education Society's (STES) academic campus in Lonavla. A large number of passengers were reportedly stranded at various railway stations across western Maharashtra as Central Railways canceled many trains. Vehicular traffic on the Mumbai-Pune expressway was also affected due to heavy rainfall and was diverted.
In Mumbai, heavy rains lashed the city and its suburbs, affecting traffic and disrupting rail services on the days of 10–11 August.
In Andhra Pradesh 119 relief camps were set up in the state, most of them in the Guntur and Krishna districts. Hyderabad, Krishna district, and the East and West Godavari districts were the worst affected areas due to floods. The situation in Andhra Pradesh was more deadly as 53 people reportedly died due to floods. In Hyderabad alone 14 people were killed, when they were crushed by the collapsing roofs of their homes.
Bihar.
The nexus of the Bihar flood is the Kosi River's immense alluvial fan, extending some 185 km from the river's exit from the Himalayas and foothills in Nepal, down to its confluence with the Ganges in Bihar. The laws of geology and physics cause rivers to course back and forth across such fans in ephemeral channels lasting decades at most, but for flood control reasons man-made embankments endeavored to contain the Koshi within a channel along its fan's western edge. On 18 August, heavy monsoon rains caused the river to break out of this channel. It started flowing through an old channel much further east, inundating cropland and towns and villages with 1.2 million inhabitants, mostly in Bihar.
Chief Minister of Bihar Nitish Kumar met India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to seek his help in dealing with the "catastrophe". The worst affected districts included Supaul, Madhepura, north Bhagalpur, Araria, Purnia (all by the Kosi) and West Champaran (by Gandak). Relief work was carried with Indian Air Force helicopters dropping relief materials in the worst hit districts.
The district magistrate of Madhepura has ordered the inhabitants of the town of Madhepura to evacuate because the water level continued to rise. Relief work was carried with Indian Air Force helicopters dropping relief materials (including 600 food packets per day) from Purnia in the worst hit districts where nearly two million persons were entrapped.
It is not possible to assess the magnitude of deaths or destruction, because the affected areas are totally inaccessible. Even mobile phones had stopped working, because entrapped persons cannot get their batteries charged. 150 persons were washed away in a single incident (Dainik Hindustan, Darbhanga edition). Another report says 42 people have died in the flood in Bihar.
The Government of Bihar has constituted a technical committee, headed by retired engineer-in-chief of the water resource department, Nilendu Sanyal, to manage the restoration work and closure of the breach in the East Koshi afflux embankment. Indian authorities were working to prevent further widening of the breach and channels would be dug to direct the water back to the main river bed. However, Dainik Hindustan (Darbhanga edition) reported on Aug 28 that Indian officials were chased away by anti-social elements from the breach site in Nepal. Nepal's Defence Minister has made a statement that Nepal will repair the breach on its own, although it was not made clear when this work will be started.
Dainik Hindustan (Darbhanga edition) later sent its reporter to the site of the Kushaha breach, who reported with photographs on Sep 5 that all earlier claims by government officials of repairing the breach and of Nepalis chasing away Indian officials were utterly false reports by Indian officials, because there were thick forests on the embankment and it was not possible to reach the site before the end of August. Forest on the embankment proves that these parts of Kosi embankments were not even visited for decades. Its maintenance was the responsibility of Indian, especially Bihar's officials. The life of these embankments elapsed over two decades ago, but no effort was taken to even survey their conditions, although the Bihar government spends huge sums on the maintenance of embankments each year.
A high-level Government of Nepal team that inspected areas devastated by the flood in the Koshi River has held India responsible for the havoc. Media reports stated "The devastation took place as the Indian side did not carry out repair and maintenance work on the Kosi barrage and the embankment along the river, thereby violating the Nepal-India Koshi agreement". As per the bilateral agreement of 1954 India is entirely responsible for repair and maintenance work and operation of the barrage. There was no effort by Indian officials to repair the breach in time, although the Kosi took 15 days to make the breach.
On the other hand, Indian engineers say that anti-social elements in Nepal did not allow them to repair the embankment (Dainik Hindustan, Darbhanga edition, Aug 28). These so-called "anti-social" elements are the victims of the Kosi embankments who have been forced to bear tsunami-like floods every year; they are happy that the river wants to change its course. Kosi embankments are designed to contain the Kosi in the channel of the Tilyuga River, while the old course of the Kosi lies far to the east in Purnia district. Later, Dainik Hindustan reported on Sep 5 that Indian officials could not reach the site of breach as there were forests on the embankment which were cleared in early September, hence Indian officials were lying about being prevented to repair the breach: they had not visited the site for decades due to forests in the way.
The New York Times reported that it is the worst flood in the area in 50 years, prompting Manmohan Singh to declare a “national calamity” on 28 August. The government earmarked US$230 million in aid for the region. The Indian Army, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and non-governmental organizations operated the biggest flood rescue operation in India in more than 50 years. Death tolls rose from Indian floods as more than 65 people had been killed in monsoon rains. Villagers ate raw rice and flour mixed with polluted water in Bihar, amid hunger and diseases. Supaul district was the worst-hit by floods and surging waters swamped of farmlands, destroying wheat and paddy crops.
September flooding.
In September, even as the Bihar floods had not receded completely, the north-eastern state of Assam faced floods with rising waters from the Brahmaputra River. Kaziranga National Park, which has the highest density of rhinos in the world, was 90% submerged in water. Also, Pobitra national park in Assam was flooded. Two rhinos have died in these floods. A tiger has killed one rhino calf. In addition, four deer and one elephant have also failed to survive.
The flood situation has affected estimated 2.1 million people and caused 24 deaths so far. Worst affected districts are Dhubri, Jorhat, Kamrup, Lakhimpur, Dhemaji and Morigaon. Thousands of people are staying in makeshift shelters with the government providing food and other essentials to the displaced people, besides healthcare facilities. Indian officials say that the flooding situation could cause an epidemic, because refugees are consuming unclean water and food in shelters.
Breaches in embankments have caused these floods in Assam. Four embankments on the Puthimari River, one constructed just three months ago, were breached causing the calamity. Waters have breached embankments at total 54 vital locations, and water levels are dangerously high in about 10 points.
The Irish government is sending €350,000 (Rs. 22.3 million) in aid to the victims of the floods.
Eastern Orissa state and most populous northern state Uttar Pradesh were flooded heavily causing more than 150 deaths from September 19 to September 22. Army has reached in UP to rescue at least a quarter million people and food packets have been supplied to the rescued.

</doc>
<doc id="18807081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807081" title="Zuzana Štefečeková">
Zuzana Štefečeková

Zuzana Štefečeková (born January 15, 1984 in Nitra, Czechoslovakia) is a female Slovakian sports shooter. She won the silver medal in the Women's Trap event at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
Štefečeková is a committed Christian, she studies missionary and charitable work in Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="18807087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807087" title="2002 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2002 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Jan-Michael Gambill was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Davide Sanguinetti.
Sanguinetti won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–4 against Andy Roddick.

</doc>
<doc id="18807135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807135" title="Barry's Amusements">
Barry's Amusements

Barry's Amusements is the largest theme park in Northern Ireland and also the largest on the island of Ireland. It is situated in the centre of Portrush on the north coast. It is a popular family attraction for visitors to the area.
History.
In 1925, travelling members of the Chipperfield and Trufelli circus families were invited by the local railway company to permanently locate in Portrush on a site beside the railway station. The name 'Barry's' is based on an early supplier (Barr). Barry's maintains a mixture of traditional and modern amusements.
Barry's opens on a seasonal basis, normally from around 2 weeks before Easter until the first week in September.
Barry's has a long standing reputation of providing jobs for teenagers in the local area, rides are operated by older members of staff but the ride attendants are mostly school-going teenagers.

</doc>
<doc id="18807138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807138" title="McSherry">
McSherry

McSherry is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18807204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807204" title="Richard McSherry">
Richard McSherry

Richard McSherry (21 November 1817, in Martinsburg, Virginia (now West Virginia) – 7 October 1885, in Baltimore) was an American physician, one of the founders of the Baltimore Academy of Medicine and its first president.
Life.
He was educated at Georgetown College and at the University of Maryland, and received the degree of M. D. at the University of Pennsylvania in 1841. Being appointed assistant surgeon on the medical corps of the U.S. Army on 21 August 1838, he served under General Zachary Taylor in the Second Seminole War and resigned his commission on 30 April 1840. 
From 1843 to 1856 he served as assistant surgeon in the U.S. Navy, and after that practised medicine in Baltlmore until 1883.
Works.
He contributed to medical journals, and was also the author of "El Puchero or a Mixed Dish from Mexico" (1850); "Essays" (1869), and "Health and How to Promote It" (1883).
Family.
His father was Dr. Richard McSherry. He married in 1842 a daughter of Robert Wilson of Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="18807232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807232" title="Hinduism in Kerala">
Hinduism in Kerala

Hinduism is the indigenous religion of Kerala and Hindus make up about 60% population of the state according to the 2001 census. Hindus in Kerala usually have a lower birth rate and a higher death rate compared to the general population.
Kerala is home to Hindu saints and swamis of all castes. Vaikunda Swami, who was the first among the saints of Kerala was a Nadar. Narayana Guru, Sant Enadinatha, Sant Ilakkulaccanrar, Sant Tiruppana were all Sudra, Cheraman Nayanar was a Kothayar, Chattampi Swamikal,Brahmasree Neelakanta Gurupadar,Jagadguru Swami Sathyananda Saraswathi & Swami Chinmayananda were of the Nair caste, and Adi Shankara was a Nambuthiri Brahmin. The Harijan Parayas of Kerala claim to descend from Sant Vasistha. Kollengode has a structure near Thirthala-Koottanad Road, in memory of a Harijan saint, Sant Paakkanar. In the Rapayan Tujjal, the narrator (dancer-reciter) is a Harijan and a descendant of Sant Pakkanar. The "Periya Puranam", possibly written by a Paraya, describes the Parayas. Further, the "Vishvakarma Purana" was written by a sonar (goldsmith).
Chenkottukonam Madathipathi Jagadguru Swami Sathyananda Saraswathi is popularly regarded as the father of contemporary Hindu renaissance in Kerala for the victorious movements he led for temple rights and the establishment of Hindu Aikya Vedi for integrating Hindus of all classes.He is reckoned as the greatest karmayogi to uphold Sanatana Dharma since Swami Vivekananda internationally. 
The official festivals of Sree Narayana Jayanti (Narayana Guru's birthday) and Sree Narayana Samadhi Day (Narayana Guru's death) are celebrated by the Keralites in memory of a great Shudra reformer of their society.
The modern Hindu Karma yogi saint Amma Mata Amritanandamayi was selected to represent Hindu Dharma in the World Parliament of Religions in September 1991. Bhagawan Nityananda is another important Hindu saint reognized worldwide.
Several Hindu movements important to Hindu history took place in Kerala. These were Shankara's Advaita, Vaishnava Alwar, and Shaiva Nayanar.
Kerala has several ancient Hindu temples. In the medieval Alwar "Divya Desam" text, out of 108 Vaishnava temples all over India adored by the Alwars, eleven of those are in Kerala. The Karppillikkavu Sree Mahadeva Temple, (one of the most ancient in India) dedicated to the Kirata Avatar of Lord Shiva still exists in Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="18807235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807235" title="Airport reference point">
Airport reference point

An airport (or aerodrome) reference point (ARP) is the notional centre point of an airport, located at the geometric centre of all the usable runways.

</doc>
<doc id="18807260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807260" title="9N">
9N

9N or 9-N may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18807269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807269" title="United States Senate election in California, 1994">
United States Senate election in California, 1994

The 1994 United States Senate election in California was held on November 8, 1994. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein won re-election to her first full term.
Primary results.
From the Secretary of State of California
General election.
Campaign.
After one term in the House representing Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties, Huffington spent $8 million by the end of August and a total of $28 million during the entire campaign. He became wealthy off oil and gas. The race saw personal attacks on Huffington's wife, Arianna Huffington, who was very involved in the race (the media dubbed her the "Sir Edmund Hillary of social climbing," according to the Almanac of American Politics). 
Huffington was called a hypocrite for supporting Proposition 187 and then breaking the law for employing illegal aliens, a story which came out in the race's final days. A grand total of $44 million was spent in the election. At the time, it was the most expensive campaign in a non-presidential election in American history. Chris Cillizza of the Washington Post named the election one of the nastiest senate elections in modern history.
Results.
By county.
Final results from the Secretary of State.

</doc>
<doc id="18807286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807286" title="N00">
N00

N00 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18807293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807293" title="A las cinco en el Astoria">
A las cinco en el Astoria

A las cinco en el Astoria (Five o'clock at The Astoria) is the fifth full-length album released by La Oreja de Van Gogh, their second album to receive a Grammy nomination, and the first with new lead vocalist Leire Martínez. It was released in three editions: CD, CD+T-Shirt, and Digipack. According to "Promusicae" A las cinco en el Astoria was the 12th biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain.
Reception.
A las cinco en el Astoria was preceded mainly by the great excitement that led to the separation of Amaia Montero from the group, leaving Leire Martínez the challenge of replacing Amaia as the voice of La Oreja de Van Gogh. Her incorporation has been an intense task for the group. The first song released with Leire was “El Último Vals", a love story inspired by a Martin Scorsese film. That single was produced by Nigel Walker and La Oreja de Van Gogh. All songs are composed by the current members of the band. The album received a 2009 Latin Grammy nomination for Best Pop Album by a Duo/Group With Vocals.
Awards.
- Best Latin Album Pop 2009 A las cinco en el Astoria Nominated

</doc>
<doc id="18807302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807302" title="Phase (combat)">
Phase (combat)

A Phase in combat is usually a period within a military operation of a longer duration that is a part of a serial chain of logically connected activities planned to culminate in a defined objective or goal. 
A phase is usually marked by achievement of significant intermediary objectives, such as tactical within an engagement. A phase may be either limited by time allocated for its execution, or unlimited in time, and defined only by achievement of the objective. 
At the strategic level, a phase continue for years. Not all phases of combat include fighting between armed forces. Phases can, and usually do overlap, and sometimes can be planned for parallel execution, often as part of deception planning. 
Phases typically found in offensive military operations are:
Preparation
Conduct
Exploitation
Stability

</doc>
<doc id="18807322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807322" title="Russian frigate Oryol">
Russian frigate Oryol

The frigate Oryol () was the first Russian-built warship, commissioned by Tsar Alexis I to protect Russian trading ships on the Caspian Sea. The "Oryol" was built between 1667 and 1669 by the developing shipyard in Dedinovo, on the Oka River.
Although the "Oryol" was captured and burned in 1670, it has achieved lasting importance as a symbol of the birth of Russian naval power.
The "Oryol" is often considered the first Russian sailing ship of Western European type, even though the "Frederick" (or "Friedrich") was built in 1636 in Nizhny Novgorod. However, the Frederick sailed in the service of Holstein-Gottorp, not Russia, having been constructed as a joint venture using Russian labor and materials, but Holstein funds and expertise.
Construction.
During the 17th Century, Russia and Persia developed closer commercial ties, exchanging extravagant embassies and trading in cloth, silk, and other goods. Shipping was conducted across the Caspian Sea and through the Volga River, with Astrakhan as commercial center. This route served to open Persia to commerce not only with Russia but with all of Europe; Dutch and English traders were active, and Adam Olearius was sent as an emissary from Schleswig-Holstein.
In order to protect this growing trade, Tsar Alexis I ordered a naval shipbuilding program. The shipyard was constructed south-west of Moscow in Dedinovo, a town on the Oka River in present-day Moscow Oblast. The project was placed under the Novgorod Chancery, supervised by the boyar Afanasy Ordin-Nashchokin. Experienced sailors were hired from Amsterdam, and the Karnelius van Bockhoiven, a Dutchman living in Moscow, was hired for his shipbuilding expertise. The "Oryol" was the first large ship produced, along with a yacht and two smaller vessels. It was a three-masted sailing ship, 24.5 meters in length, 6.5 m wide, and displacing 250 metric tons. It had a crew of 23 sailors and 35 soldiers, and was armed with 22 guns.
Although the "Oryol" was launched in 1668, it was not yet finished and spent the winter at dock in Dedinovo. It finally left the shipyard on May 7, 1669, under the command of the Dutch captain David Butler (Davidt Jansz Butlaer). The warship sailed down the Volga to its base in Astrakhan, from which it would protect shipping
on the Caspian Sea.
Destruction.
The "Oryol" arrived in Astrakhan in August 1669, but never fulfilled its mission and may never have sailed on the Caspian Sea. The rebel forces of Stenka Razin were raiding Russian towns, and the ship's guns and men were ordered to defend Astrakhan while the ship sat at anchor. Some of the ship's guns were removed to the citadel, and when the Cossacks attacked the city in June 1670, the "Oryol" was at anchor and undefended.
The rebels took the ship and either burned it or disabled and abandoned it in a channel of the river.
Captain Butler's own account of the occupation of Astrakhan and the destruction of the "Oryol" was published in 1683 along with the voyages of the Dutch traveler
Jan Struys.
Symbolic significance.
The image of a sailing ship at the top of the Admiralty spire in Saint Petersburg bears a strong resemblance to, and may have been modeled after, the "Oryol". The original golden weather-vane, work of the Dutch master Harmen van Bol'es, remained in place until 1886, when it was moved to the Admiralty's naval museum and replaced with an exact copy. 
The three-masted ship has become an emblem of the
city of Saint Petersburg.
The earliest record of the Russian white, blue, and red tricolor comes from the flag flown on
the "Oryol". This flag was later made standard for all Russian ships by Peter the Great.
There are several traditional explanations for the choice of colors. According to one version, the design was based on the
Dutch flag in honor of the ship's builders and crew. Alternatively, the three colors may have been taken from the
insignia of the Grand Duchy of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18807328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807328" title="Alex Wheatle">
Alex Wheatle

Alex Alphonso Wheatle MBE (3 January 1963) is an award-winning black British novelist of Jamaican heritage, sentenced to a term of imprisonment after the Brixton riots.
Biography.
Born in 1963 to Jamaican parents, Wheatle spent much of his childhood in a Surrey children's home. At 16 he was a founder member of the Crucial Rocker sound system; his DJ name was Yardman Irie. He wrote lyrics about everyday Brixton life. By 1980 Wheatle was living in a social services hostel in Brixton, South London. He participated in the 1981 Brixton riots and aftermath. While serving his resulting sentence he read authors such as Chester Himes, Richard Wright, C. L. R. James and John Steinbeck.
Wheatle has since spoken about the Brixton riots, most prominently in the 2006 BBC programme "Battle for Brixton". His early books are based on his life in Brixton as a teenager and his time in social services care.
He received the London Arts Board New Writers Award in 1999 for his debut novel "Brixton Rock", which was later adapted for the stage and performed at the Young Vic in July 2010.
He wrote and performed "Uprising", a one-man play based on his own life at Tara Arts Studios, Wandsworth, London. In 2011 he took "Uprising" on tour and performed it at the Writing On The Wall Festival, Liverpool; Oxford Playhouse; Marlowe Theatre, Canterbury; Ilkley Playhouse and the Albany Theatre, Deptford.
Wheatle lives in London. He is a member of English PEN, and he now visits various institutions facilitating creative writing classes and making speeches. He has also narrated an audio guide to the streets of Brixton.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours 2008, Wheatle was awarded the MBE for services to literature.
Bibliography.
Wheatle's books have also been translated into French and Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="18807336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807336" title="Gilgit–Baltistan">
Gilgit–Baltistan

Gilgit–Baltistan (Urdu/Shina/Burushaski: , Balti: , formerly known as the Northern Areas) is the northernmost territory of Pakistan. It borders the territory of Azad Kashmir to the south, the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west, the Wakhan Corridor of Afghanistan to the north, the Xinjiang autonomous region of China to the east and northeast and the Jammu and Kashmir state of India to the southeast.
Together with Azad Kashmir and the Jammu and Kashmir state, it forms part of the disputed Kashmir region, which has been the subject of conflict between India and Pakistan since the two countries' independence and partition in 1947.
Gilgit–Baltistan is an autonomous self-governing region that was established as a single administrative unit in 1970, formed by the amalgamation of the Gilgit Agency, the Baltistan region and the former princely states of Hunza and Nagar. It covers an area of 72,971 km² (28,174 mi²) and is highly mountainous. It has an estimated population approaching 1,000,000. Its capital city is Gilgit (population 216,760).
History.
Gilgit–Baltistan was part of the Delhi Sultanate until it fell to the Mughal Empire in the early half of the 16th century. The territory became predominantly Muslim during the rule of the Delhi Sultanate and later the Mughal Empire due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape. By 1757, suzerainty of the region was obtained from the Mughals by Ahmad Shah Durrani under an agreement and became part of Afghanistan (also known as the Durrani Empire) until Ranjit Singh invaded and took control from the Afghans in 1819. It became a princely state with the name "Jammu and Kashmir" around 1846. After Pakistan achieved independence in 1947, Jammu and Kashmir also initially remained an independent state. On 22 October 1947 the Pakistani armed forces crossed the border in Jammu and Kashmir with the claim that they needed to suppress a rebellion on the southeast of the kingdom. Local tribal militias and the Pakistani forces moved to take Srinagar but on reaching Uri they encountered defensive forces. Hari Singh made a plea to India for assistance and signed the Instrument of Accession. The British government also took part in stopping the Pakistani forces from advancing. On January 20 1948 the UN passed a resolution which called for the withdrawal of all Pakistani forces from Jammu and Kashmir, however it has remained under the control of Pakistan since then. In 1970 the two part territory was merged into a single administrative unit, and given the name the name "Northern Areas". The name "Northern Areas" was actually first used by the United Nations to refer to the northern areas of Kashmir. The Shaksgam tract, was ceded by Pakistan to China following the signing of the Sino-Pakistani Frontier Agreement in 1963.
Before the demise of Shribadat, the last Hindu king of the Trakhan dynasty in Gilgit, a group of Shin people migrated from Gilgit Dardistan and settled in the Dras and Kharmang areas. The descendants of those Dardic people can be still found today, and is believed that they have maintained their Dardic culture and Shina language up to the present time.
Government.
The territory of present-day Gilgit–Baltistan became a separate administrative unit in 1970 under the name "Northern Areas." It was formed by the amalgamation of the former Gilgit Agency, the Baltistan District of the Ladakh Wazarat, and the hill states of Hunza and Nagar. It presently consists of nine districts, has a population approaching one million, an area of approximately , and shares borders with Pakistan, China, Afghanistan, and India. In 1993, an attempt was made by the High Court of Azad Jammu and Kashmir to annex Gilgit–Baltistan but was quashed by the Supreme Court of Pakistan after protests by the predominantly Shia population of Gilgit–Baltistan, who feared domination by the Sunni Kashmiris.
While administratively controlled by Pakistan since the first Kashmir war, Gilgit–Baltistan has never been formally integrated into the Pakistani state and does not participate in Pakistan's constitutional political affairs. On August 29, 2009, the Gilgit–Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order 2009, was passed by the Pakistani cabinet and later signed by the President of Pakistan. The order granted self-rule to the people of Gilgit–Baltistan, by creating, among other things, an elected Gilgit-Baltistan Legislative Assembly and Gilgit-Baltistan Council. Gilgit–Baltistan thus gained "de facto" province-like status without constitutionally becoming part of Pakistan. Officially, Pakistan has rejected Gilgit–Baltistani calls for integration with Pakistan on the grounds that it would prejudice its international obligations with regard to the Kashmir dispute. Some militant Kashmiri nationalist groups, such as the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front, claim Gilgit–Baltistan as part of a future independent state to match what existed in 1947. India, on the other hand, maintains that Gilgit–Baltistan is a part of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. Because of human rights violations in the region, political parties in India have sought government intervention there.
On September 29, 2009, the Pakistani prime minister, while addressing a huge gathering in Gilgit–Baltistan, announced a multi-billion-rupee development package aimed at the socio-economic uplifting of the people of the area. Development projects are slated to include the areas of education, health, agriculture, tourism, and the basic needs of life.
Administrative divisions.
Gilgit–Baltistan is administratively divided into two divisions which, in turn, are divided into nine districts, consisting of the four Baltistan districts of Skardu, Shigar, Kharmang, and Ghanche, and the five Gilgit districts of Gilgit, Ghizer, Diamer, Astore, and Hunza-Nagar. The principal administrative centers are the towns of Gilgit and Skardu.
Geography and climate.
Gilgit–Baltistan borders Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province to the west, a small portion of the Wakhan corridor of Afghanistan to the north, China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region to the northeast, the Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir to the southeast, and the Pakistani-administered state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir to the south.
Gilgit–Baltistan is home to five of the "eight-thousanders" and to more than fifty peaks above 7,000 meters. Gilgit and Skardu are the two main hubs for expeditions to those mountains. The region is home to some of the world's highest mountain ranges. The main ranges are the Karakoram and the western Himalayas. The Pamir mountains are to the north, and the Hindu Kush lies to the west. Amongst the highest mountains are K2 (Mount Godwin-Austen) and Nanga Parbat, the latter being one of the most feared mountains in the world.
Three of the world's longest glaciers outside the polar regions are found in Gilgit–Baltistan: the Biafo Glacier, the Baltoro Glacier, and the Batura Glacier. There are, in addition, several high-altitude lakes in Gilgit–Baltistan:
The Deosai Plains, are located above the tree line and constitute the second-highest plateau in the world at 4,115 meters (14,500 feet)after Tibet. The plateau lies east of Astore, south of Skardu and west of Ladakh. The area was declared as a national park in 1993. The Deosai Plains cover an area of almost 5,000 square kilometres. For over half the year (between September and May), Deosai is snow-bound and cut off from rest of Astore and Baltistan in winters. The village of Deosai lies close to Chilum chokki and is connected with the Kargil district of Ladakh through an all-weather road.
Rock art and petroglyphs.
There are more than 50,000 pieces of rock art (petroglyphs) and inscriptions all along the Karakoram Highway in Gilgit–Baltistan, concentrated at ten major sites between Hunza and Shatial. The carvings were left by various invaders, traders, and pilgrims who passed along the trade route, as well as by locals. The earliest date back to between 5000 and 1000 BCE, showing single animals, triangular men and hunting scenes in which the animals are larger than the hunters. These carvings were pecked into the rock with stone tools and are covered with a thick patina that proves their age.
The ethnologist Karl Jettmar has pieced together the history of the area from various inscriptions and recorded his findings in "Rock Carvings and Inscriptions in the Northern Areas of Pakistan" and the later released "Between Gandhara and the Silk Roads – Rock Carvings Along the Karakoram Highway". Many of these carvings and inscriptions will be inundated and/or destroyed when the planned Basha-Diamir dam is built and the Karakoram Highway is widened.
Climate.
The climate of Gilgit–Baltistan varies from region to region, surrounding mountain ranges creates sharp variations in weather. The eastern part has the moist zone of the western Himalayas, but going toward Karakoram and Hindu Kush, the climate dries considerably.
There are towns like Gilgit and Chilas that are very hot during the day in summer yet cold at night and valleys like Astore, Khaplu, Yasin, Hunza, and Nagar, where the temperatures are cold even in summer.
Economy and resources.
The economy of the region is primarily based on a traditional route of trade through the historic "Silk Road." The China Trade Organization was the leading economic forum through which most of barter trade activity made a phenomenal change in the general economic outlook of the area, which, being the remotest region under Pakistani control, was neglected for over a quarter of a century. That forum led the people of the area to actively invest and learn modern trade know-how from its Chinese neighbor Xinjiang. The participation of all ethnic groups and the active force behind this activity, the legendary economist of the area Ashraf Khan, brought a great change in the region. Later, the establishment of a chamber of commerce and the Sost dry port(in Gojal Hunza) are milestones. The rest of the economy is shouldered by mainly agriculture and tourism. Agricultural products are wheat, corn (maize), barley, and fruits. Tourism is mostly in trekking and mountaineering, and this industry is growing in importance.
In early September 2009, Pakistan signed an agreement with the People's Republic of China for a major energy project in Gilgit–Baltistan which includes the construction of a 7,000-megawatt dam at Bunji in the Astore District. Exiled activists of the region, Mumtaz Khan and Senge Hasnan Sering have since asked India to take a more proactive stance and save the region from exploitation.
Sports.
Polo is the favorite game of the people of Gilgit, Skardu, Ghanche, Chilas, Astore, Hunza, Nagar, and the surrounding areas. Every year, many tourists visit to enjoy polo in Gilgit–Baltistan. "Polo" is a Balti word which means "ball."
Other games such as cricket, tuksori of Nagar, gulli danda, kabbadi, and volleyball are also played.
Transport.
Before 1978, Gilgit–Baltistan was cut off from Pakistan and the rest of the world due to the harsh terrain and the lack of accessible roads. All of the roads to the south opened toward the Pakistan-administered state of Azad Jammu and Kashmir and to the southeast toward the present-day Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir. During the summer, people could walk across the mountain passes to travel to Rawalpindi. The fastest way to travel was by air, but air travel was accessible only to a few privileged local people and to Pakistani military and civilian officials. Then, with the assistance of the Chinese government, Pakistan began construction of the Karakoram Highway (KKH), which was completed in 1978.
The Karakoram Highway (KKH) connects Islamabad to Gilgit and Skardu, which are the two major hubs for mountaineering expeditions in Gilgit–Baltistan. The journey from Rawalpindi/Islamabad to Gilgit takes approximately 20 to 24 hours. Landslides on the Karakoram Highway are very common. The KKH connects Gilgit to Taxkorgan, Kaxgar in China via Sost (the customs and health-inspection post on the Gilgit–Baltistan side) and the Khunjerab Pass, the highest paved international border crossing in the world at 4,693 metres (15,397 feet).
Northern Areas Transport Corporation (NATCO) offers bus and jeep transport service to the two hubs and several other popular destinations, lakes, and glaciers in the area.
In March 2006, the respective governments announced that, commencing on June 1, 2006, a thrice-weekly bus service would begin across the boundary from Gilgit to Kaxgar, China, and road-widening work would begin on 600 kilometres of the Karakoram Highway. There would also be one daily bus in each direction between the Sost and Taxkorgan border areas of the two political entities.
Pakistan International Airlines used to fly a Fokker F27 aircraft daily between Gilgit Airport and Islamabad International Airport. The flying time was approximately 50 minutes, and the flight was one of the most scenic in the world, as its route passed over Nanga Parbat, a mountain whose peak is higher than the aircraft's cruising altitude. However, the Fokker F27 aircraft was retired after a crash at Multan in 2006. Currently, flights are being operated by PIA to Gilgit on the brand-new ATR42-500 aircraft, which was purchased in 2006. With the new plane, the cancellation of flights is much less frequent. PIA also offers regular flights of a Boeing 737 between Skardu and Islamabad. All flights are subject to weather clearance; in winter, flights are often delayed by several days.
A railway through the region has been proposed; see Khunjerab Railway for details.
Demographics.
At the last census (1998), the population of Gilgit–Baltistan was 870,347. Approximately 14% of the population was urban.
The estimated population Gilgit–Baltistan in 2013 is over 2 million. The population of Gilgit–Baltistan consists of many diverse linguistic, ethnic, and religious sects, due in part to the many isolated valleys separated by some of the world's highest mountains. The ethnic groups include Shins, Yashkuns, Kashmiris, Kashgaris, Pathans, and Kohistanis. The population of Gilgit–Baltistan is Muslim. The majority of population is Shia Imamia followed by Shia Ismaili fiqh. A significant number of people from Gilgit–Baltistan are resident in other parts of Pakistan. They number around one million, of which at least 400,000 are resident in Karachi. The litearcy rate of Gilgit–Baltistan is approximately 72%.
Languages.
Urdu is the lingua franca of the region, understood by most inhabitants. The Shina language (with several dialects such as Asturjaa, Kharuchaa, and Chilasi) is the majority language of the population, spoken mainly in Gilgit, Astore, throughout Diamir, and in some parts of Ghizer and in the Baltistan region. The Balti dialect, a sub-dialect of Ladakhi and part of the Tibetan language group, is spoken by the entire population of Baltistan. Minor languages spoken in the region include Wakhi, spoken in upper Hunza, and in some villages in Ghizer, while Khowar is the principal language of Ghizer. Burushaski is an isolated language spoken in Hunza, Nagar, Yasin (where Khowar is also spoken), in some parts of Gilgit, and in some villages of Punial. Another interesting language is Domaaki, spoken by musician clans in the region. A small minority of people also speak Pashto.
Gilgit–Baltistan has very few speakers of Kashmiri. However, speakers of other Dardic languages such as Shina and Khowar are present in the region.
Religion.
The population of Gilgit–Baltistan are Muslims. The majority (75%) of the people are Shia with a significant Sunni minority. The Ismailis and Sufia Nurbakhshia are also present in Gilgit–Baltistan. The Gilgit Division has about 60% of Shia and 40% of Sunni whereas in the Baltistan Division, Shia number over 90% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="18807354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807354" title="Voyage. Studies on Travel &amp; Tourism">
Voyage. Studies on Travel &amp; Tourism

Voyage. Studies on Travel and Tourism () is the leading interdisciplinary periodical for tourism research in Germany. The focus is on cultural studies, sociology and history of travel and tourism. Voyage was founded in 1997, the editor in chief is Hasso Spode (Berlin) and the publisher is Metropol Verlag (Berlin). The series or journal, respectively, appears approximately once a year, each issue having a special topic, e.g. 'Why do we travel?', 'Booked emotions' or 'Tourism histories'; the latest issue (2011) deals with the sociotope of the 'Hotel'. The language is German, the summaries of the articles are in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18807374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807374" title="Workplace Safety and Health Act">
Workplace Safety and Health Act

The Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006 is an act issued by the Republic of Singapore. It addresses requirements for safety and health in workplaces in Singapore and replaced the Factories Act as of 1 March 2006.
The Occupational Safety and Health Framework
The Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) framework aims to cultivate good safety habits in all individuals, so as to create a strong safety culture at the workplace.
The new framework is guided by the following principles:
a) Reducing risks at the source by requiring all stakeholders to eliminate or minimise the risks they create;
b) Instilling greater ownership of safety and health outcomes within the industries; and
c) Preventing accidents through higher penalties for compromises in safety management.
The Workplace Safety and Health Act
The Workplace Safety and Health Act (WSHA) is the key legislation affecting the principles of the OSH framework.
The WSHA emphasises the importance of managing Workplace Safety and Health (WSH) proactively, by requiring stakeholders to take reasonably practicable measures that ensure the safety and health of all individuals affected in the course of work.
The WSHA replaces the Factories Act. The key reforms under the WSHA include:
a) Allowing for a gradual increase in scope to cover all workplaces;
b) Assigning responsibilities to a range of stakeholders at the workplace along lines of control;
c) Focusing more on WSH systems and outcomes;
d) Providing for more effective enforcement through the issuance of ‘remedial orders'; and
e) Providing for higher penalties for non-compliant and risk-taking behaviour, to prevent accidents at the source.
Workplace Safety and Health Act Subsidiary Legislation
WSH (Workplace Safety and Health Officers) Regulations 2007
WSH (General Provisions) Regulations 2006
WSH (Construction) Regulations 2007
WSH (First Aid) Regulations 2006
WSH (Incident Reporting) Regulations 2006
WSH (Risk Management) Regulations 2006
WSH (Exemption) Order 2006
WSH (Composition of Offences) Regulations 2006
WSH (Transitional Provision) Regulations 2006
WSH (Offences and Penalties) (Subsidiary Legislation under Section 67(14)) Regulations 2006
WSH (Registration of Factories) Regulations 2008
WSH (Shipbuilding and Ship-repairing) Regulations 2008
WSH (Workplace Safety and Health Committees) Regulations 2008
WSH Abrasive Blasting Regulations 2008 (Effective 1 Feb 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18807377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807377" title="Johann Hermann Janssens">
Johann Hermann Janssens

Johann Hermann Janssens (b. at Maaseik, present-day Netherlands, 7 December 1783; d. at Engis, 23 May 1853) was a Belgian Roman Catholic theologian. 
Life.
After completing his theological studies in Rome he was appointed professor in the College of Fribourg, Switzerland, in 1809. From 1816 he was professor of Scripture and dogmatic theology in the ecclesiastical seminary of Liège. 
His teaching in this institution was taxed with heterodoxy, and in 1823 he was removed and made pastor of Engis. Shortly afterward, and against the will of his ecclesiastical superiors, he accepted the chair of anthropology and metaphysics in the philosophical college of the Catholic University of Leuven. He retained this position until the Revolution of 1830, when the college was suppressed. 
Works.
His international reputation rested mainly on his first publication, "Hermeneutica Sacra seu Introductio in omnes et singulos libros sacros Veteris et Novi Foederis." Published in 1818, it was written during his time at Fribourg. A French translation of this work, the original of which had reached its nineteenth edition in 1897, was published by Pacaud as early as 1828. A fifth edition of this translation, edited by Glaire and Sionnet, was published in Paris in 1855. 
In retirement at Engis, he composed a history of the Netherlands (3 vols., Liège, 1840), written from a Protestant standpoint. 

</doc>
<doc id="18807378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807378" title="United States Senate election in California, 2000">
United States Senate election in California, 2000

The 2000 United States Senate election in California was held on November 7, 2000. Incumbent Democratic U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein won re-election to her second full term.
Primary results.
Link to primary results
Campaign.
Despite touting his service as a moderate Republican representing a strongly Democratic district, he was underfunded and a decided underdog against the popular, heavily financed Feinstein. By February, he spent barely $1 million without any PAC money. Campbell has generally supported gay rights and abortion. He also opposes the War on Drugs and calls himself a "maverick", similar to U.S. Senator John McCain. Campbell was badly defeated, losing by over 19 points.
Results breakdown.
Final results from the Secretary of State of California.

</doc>
<doc id="18807381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807381" title="Germán List Arzubide">
Germán List Arzubide

Germán List Arzubide (31 May 1898 – 17 October or 19 October 1998) was a Mexican poet and revolutionary. 
Born in Puebla, he was an active participant in the Revolution, fighting alongside Emiliano Zapata as well as extolling him and other revolutionary leaders in his poetry. He was wounded and jailed three times, the first occasion providing the inspiration for his very first poem, a mocking caricature of his jailer. He wrote biographies of both Zapata ("Exaltacion", published in 1927) and another assassinated revolutionary leader Francisco Madero ("Madero, el Mexico de 1910", published in 1973). According to the poet James Kirkup, who wrote an obituary of List upon his death: "The literary work of List and his contemporaries, both poets and novelists (including Martin Luis Guzman and Mariano Azuela), create the best picture of those passionate uprisings."
List Arzubide was one of the major members of Stridentism and, with Manuel Maples Arce, redacted and gave out the second stridentist manifesto in the city of Puebla. He also wrote a comprehensive account of the movement, titled "El movimiento estridentista" (1926), remarkable because it is, at the same time, a history, a defence and a literary work. His other work, "Practica de educación irreligiosa" (1936), is listed in Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
He was a close friend of the painter Fernando Leal, who portrayed him as one of the characters of his cycle of frescoes dedicated to "Bolivar's Epic".
In one of his last interviews he said: "I want to die smiling, as I expect to do soon, since I don't want to continue abusing life, especially when the doctors have taken all the fun away by forbidding me alcohol and women."
He died in Mexico City at the age of 100, one of the last survivors of the Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18807384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807384" title="Warriors of the Year 2072">
Warriors of the Year 2072

Warriors of the Year 2072 (Italian: "I Guerrieri dell'anno 2072") (aka The New Gladiators, aka "Fighting Centurions", aka "Rome 2072 A.D."), is an Italian 1984 film directed by Lucio Fulci based on a story by Elisa Briganti. The film is currently distributed on DVD under the title "The New Gladiators".
Running time - 89 min. Production by Regency, Special effects by Corridori G & A Cinematografica S.r.l.
Plot summary.
In the year of 2072 a TV network staged a series of modern gladiator games in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18807392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807392" title="2003 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2003 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Davide Sanguinetti was the defending champion but did not compete that year.
Jan-Michael Gambill won in the final 6–0, 7–6(7–5) against Mardy Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="18807405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807405" title="Charles H. Munro">
Charles H. Munro

Charles Henry Munro (November 18, 1837 – February 6, 1908) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in West River, Pictou County, Nova Scotia, the son of William Munro and Helen Henderson, and educated at Harvard University. In 1861, he married Annie Hamilton. He died in Westville, Pictou County at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="18807409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807409" title="The New Gladiators">
The New Gladiators

The New gladiators may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18807434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807434" title="Low valent magnesium compounds">
Low valent magnesium compounds

Two low valent magnesium compounds have been discovered that are the first examples of stable magnesium(I) compounds. Both examples have the formula L2Mg2, where L represents a bulky anionic ligand. X-ray crystallographic studies show an Mg-Mg bond length of 285.1 pm and 284.6 pm. Theoretical studies indicate an essentially ionic formulation Mg22+(L−)2. The Mg22+ ion is the group 2 analogue of the group 12 Hg22+ (present in e.g. mercury(I) chloride) and Cd22+ ions (present in cadmium(I) tetrachloroaluminate). The preparation involved the reduction of MgII iodine complexes with potassium metal and the bulky ligands were:
The chemistry of Mg is dominated by the +2 oxidation state and up to this point the ternary metal hydrides Mg2RuH4, Mg3RuH3, and Mg4IrH5 and magnesium diboride, MgB2 with short Mg-Mg bonds (293 pm, 303 pm, 275 pm, 308pm respectively)

</doc>
<doc id="18807436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807436" title="O Jong-ae">
O Jong-ae

O Jong Ae (born January 17, 1984) is a female weightlifter from North Korea.
At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she won the bronze medal in the 58 kg category, lifting 227 kg in total.
She won the bronze medal in the 58 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics, with 226 kg in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18807454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807454" title="Henry M. Munro">
Henry M. Munro

Henry M. Munro (May 17, 1840 – December 28, 1915) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Kings County, Nova Scotia and was self-educated. In 1868, he married Margaret Spinney. Munro was principal of a public school for five years. Munro died at Kingston Station in Annapolis County, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="18807463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807463" title="Captain Fear">
Captain Fear

Captain Fear, a Caribbean pirate captain, is the official mascot of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League. He has blue eyes, black hair, thick eyebrows, and a full beard. He has been the mascot of the Buccaneers since June 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18807467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807467" title="Forrest classification">
Forrest classification

Forrest classification is a classification of upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage used for purposes of comparison and in selecting patients for endoscopic treatment.
Forrest classification.
Acute hemorrhage
Signs of recent hemorrhage
Lesions without active bleeding
Application of Forrest Classification.
Forrest classification is instrumental when stratifying patients with upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage into high and low risk categories for mortality. It is also a significant method of prediction of the risk of rebleeding and very often is used for evaluation of the
endoscopic intervention modalities. A prospective controlled study carried out by Dr. Walter Heldwein, J. Schreiner, José Pedrazzoli Júnior, P.Lehnhert at Medizinische Klinik Innenstadt der Universität München revealed that "Forrest criteria are essential for proper planning of endoscopic therapy and urgent surgery in bleeding peptic ulcers".
History.
The classification was first published by J.A. Forrest "et al." in the Lancet in 1974. 

</doc>
<doc id="18807470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807470" title="Nehusha">
Nehusha

Nehusha (, "lit." Steadfast) is a moshav in central Israel. Located five kilometres north-east of Beit Guvrin, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 240.
The moshav was established in 1955 on the land of the depopulated Arab village of Umm Burj. but collapsed in 1968. It was re-established in 1981. Its name is derived from the name of the Biblical town of Ir-Nachash (1 Chronicles 4:12) nearby and from Psalms 18:35 (where it is translated as brass, although its meaning is steadfast or firm);
Who traineth my hands for war, so that mine arms do bend a bow of brass.

</doc>
<doc id="18807487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807487" title="Special K (rapper)">
Special K (rapper)

Kevin Keaton, a.k.a. Special K was an American old-school MC prominent in the late 1970s, throughout the 1980s and early '90s.
Early career.
In the late 1970s, he met Kool Moe Dee and DJ Easy Lee. Special K joined with other rappers Kool Moe Dee and L.A. Sunshine as well as DJ Easy Lee to form the influential old school hip hop group the Treacherous Three. It is with The Treacherous Three that Special K performed his freestyle. In 1981, they moved to Sugar Hill Records along with another Enjoy act Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. The Treacherous Three became well known for their singles Feel the Heart Beat and Whip It. They were featured in the 1984 film the breakdance cult-movie "Beat Street" performing the song Xmas Rap with Doug E Fresh, but disbanded shortly afterwards.
Solo career.
In 1985 the Treacherous Three disbanded with each member pursuing solo careers. Special K issued a 12" on Republic Records in 1987 which was called "Special K Is Good".

</doc>
<doc id="18807498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807498" title="John Evelyn's cabinet">
John Evelyn's cabinet

John Evelyn's cabinet is a highly decorated portable storage box housed at the Victoria & Albert Museum in London. The cabinet was made for the diarist John Evelyn (1620-1706) and is an early example of a piece of furniture commissioned by a British visitor making the 'Grand Tour' of Europe. 
Objects often acquire their fame because of who owned them - what makes this cabinet so fascinating is that its ownership actually influenced its physical appearance. The cabinet was expressly made to incorporate 19 pietre dure (hardstone) panels, which Evelyn had purchased in Florence from their maker, Domenico Benotti (active 1630-50), in 1644. The cabinet was then extended to accommodate bronze plaques, probably made by Francesco Fanelli (active 1610-42). "Evelyn's Diary" was first published in the early nineteenth century, long after his death. The national recognition he achieved in turn gave the cabinet new significance, and it was further embellished with the gilt brass mounts, decorated with amorini and swags, the strawberry leaf cresting and provided with its stand. 
On Evelyn's return from the Grand Tour, the cabinet was probably housed in Dover Street, London. Soon after Evelyn's death in 1706 it was moved to his country residence, Wotton House in Wotton, Surrey. In 1813, John Evelyn's diaries were discovered in an 'ebony cabinet' at Wotton House, quite possibly this one.

</doc>
<doc id="18807508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807508" title="Tochihikari Masayuki">
Tochihikari Masayuki

Tochihikari Masayuki (29 August 1933 - 28 March 1977) was a sumo wrestler from Kumamoto Prefecture in Japan who reached the second highest rank of ōzeki in 1962. He joined Kasugano stable in 1952 and reached the top "makuuchi" division in 1955. He was a tournament runner-up four times. He fought as an "ōzeki" for 22 tournaments and retired in 1966. He became an elder of the Japan Sumo Association under the name Chiganoura. His "shikona" of Tochihikari was subsequently used by a later wrestler from Kasugano stable, also known as Kaneshiro Kofuku.

</doc>
<doc id="18807518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807518" title="Murdoch McRae">
Murdoch McRae

Murdoch McRae (November 4, 1846 – March 9, 1909) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1871 to 1878 and from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Nest Bay, Richmond County, Nova Scotia, the son of Donald McRae, and educated there. In 1872, he married Mary Euphemia McDougall. McRae served as a member of the county council. He supported the development of a railroad for Cape Breton Island from Canso to Louisbourg. In 1886, he was employed by the federal Post Office Department. He died in St. Peter's, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="18807544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807544" title="Heike Fischer">
Heike Fischer

Heike Fischer (born 7 September 1982 in Demmin) is a German diver. She and Ditte Kotzian won bronze for Diving at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's synchronized 3 metre springboard. She and Kotzian had previously won a silver medal for diving at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.
Fischer competed in the Diving at the 2004 Summer Olympics – Women's 3 metre springboard.
She lives in Leipzig, and is a sports soldier in the Bundeswehr. She is studying business studies at the AKAD-Fachhochschule Leipzig.
Her trainer is Margit Fischer.

</doc>
<doc id="18807558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807558" title="John S. McNeill">
John S. McNeill

John Sears McNeill (June 15, 1829 – October 9, 1924) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Digby County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in St. Mary's Bay, Digby County, Nova Scotia, the son of John McNeill and Freelove Sabean, and was educated there. In 1852, he married Mary Eliza Thomas. Munro married Alice Maria Jones in 1870 after the death of his first wife. He was a justice of the peace, a stipendiary magistrate, town clerk for Weymouth and county treasurer. McNeill died in Barton, Digby County, Nova Scotia at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="18807564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807564" title="Muar town">
Muar town

Muar, also known as Bandar Maharani is the royal city and second largest city (after Johor Bahru, the capital) of the state of Johor, Malaysia, geopolitically situated in Muar District in the region or area of Muar in northwestern Johor, Malaysia. It is the main and biggest town of the bigger entity region or area of the same name, Muar which is sub-divided into the Muar district and the new Ledang district, which was upgraded into a full-fledged district from the Tangkak sub-district earlier. Muar district as the only district covering the whole area formerly borders Malacca in the northern part. Upon the upgrading of Ledang district, the Muar district now covers only the area south of Sungai Muar, whilst the northern area beyond the river is in within Ledang district. However, both divided administrative districts are still collectively and fondly called and referred to as the region or area of Muar as a whole by their residents and outsiders.
Etymology.
Muar also known as Bandar Maharani is said to have had other names earlier and the name itself Muar is believed to have originated and derived from its geographical location at the mouth or estuary of Muar River as the following different version of theories:
There a few famous old historic legends which evolved around the area of Muar namely, "Hikayat Malim Deman (Epic of Malim Deman), Legenda Lembing Awang Pulang Ke Dayang (Awang's Spear Return to Dayang Legend) and Legenda Puteri Gunung Ledang (Mount Ledang Princess' Legend)".
History.
Muar is rich in history as mentioned in many historical records and archeological works. It is believed that the history of Muar started much earlier than the Sultanate of Malacca. There were many accounts recorded about the early history of Muar. In 1361, it was claimed that Muar was a part of the Majapahit empire. Another account also stated that Parameswara, upon his exile from Temasik before proceeding to found Melaka, had established a settlement at Kota Buruk, Pagoh, Ulu Muar, Muar witnessing the beginning of the Malacca Sultanate empire. Historically, Muar was also where the deposed heir of the Malacca Sultanate escaped to in 1511 following the invasion of the Portuguese, launched from Goa. During the Portuguese's Afonso de Albuquerque invasion and attack in 1511, Muar played a role in resisting the Portuguese occupation of Malacca; the Kubu Bentayan fort was built by the last Sultan of Malacca, Sultan Mahmud to repel seaborne invasions, before he was defeated and retreat further to Pagoh, this time witnessing the fall of the Malacca Sultanate empire. During the Portuguese occupation era, the Portuguese built a fortress named Fortaleza de Muar to defend the colony against the attack of Dutch and Aceh instead at the same strategic site of Bentayan. The colonial British did just about the same thing at the Muar River site near Bentayan in defence against the advance of Japanese Imperial Army in the Battle of Muar in the 2nd World War. Muar is also the home for the one and only tomb of the 7th Malacca Sultanate, Sultan Alauddin Riayat Shah I (1477–1488). During the time of the beginning of Bugis immigration from Sulawesi Indonesia and their influence in Johor Sultanate, the famous five Bugis pioneer prince-brothers sea-warriors or rather pirates from Sulawesi, Indonesia; Daeng Marewah, Daeng Parani, Daeng Celak, Daeng Manambun and Daeng Kemasi said to have come to reside in Liang Batu, Lenga, Muar before they and their descendants become the influential Temenggungs and even rulers later.
Muar, the Bandar Maharani, have been recorded by several historians, scholars and authors and in many important historical materials like old maps, poems, epics, manuscripts and books :
Sultan Ali's Rule of Muar:
Muar was the royal town of northern Johor once. A civil war between the prince of Sultan Hussein Shah; Tengku Ali dan Temenggong Ibrahim|Dato' Temenggong Daing Ibrahim which was later settled by a treaty of agreement and understanding signed in Singapore between the British and Tengku Ali; that ceded the control of the rest of state of Johor (except Muar region) formally to Temenggong Ibrahim|Dato' Temenggong Daing Ibrahim in returns of the sultan title with the condition the title is not hereditary for succession, and recognization of him as Sultan Ali and his reign ruled over the Muar region(state) of the area lies between the Muar River and Kesang River with an annual pension from the British Government under the terms of the treaty. Although Sultan Ali was in fact the real heir of the Johor Sultanate but due to his weakness, the Temenggong became the "de facto" ruler instead and begin the rule of the Temenggung in Johor onwards. Sultan Ali delegated the administrative affairs of Muar to the Raja Temenggung of Muar (also known by the title of Temenggong Paduka Tuan of Muar) and rather spent most of his time in Malacca. Muar was sparsely populated in 1855 and had a population of 800 and no formal structure of government was formed. In 1860, Sultan Ali reportedly borrowed $53,600 from a Chettiar money lender, Kavana Chana Shellapah and signed an agreement with Shellapah to contribute a portion of his monthly allowance to repay his debt. However, Sultan Ali found himself unable to pay settle his debts in time, and an angry Shellapah wrote to the British government in 1866. Pressured to liquidate his debts in time, Sultan Ali granted Shellapah the right to trade off Muar to the Raja Temenggung of Muar|Temenggong of Johor as mortgage if he is unable to pay off his debts in time. His relations with Temenggong Daing Ibrahim remained strained; in 1860, Sultan Ali allowed a Bugis adventurer, Suliwatang, the chiefs of Rembau and Sungei Ujong to settle in Muar and prepare themselves for an attack on Johor. Such bad blood between the Sultan Ali and Temenggong Daing Ibrahim passed down to the Temenggong's son, Temenggong Abu Bakar, who succeeded his father after the former died in 1862. Shortly after Temenggong Abu Bakar became the Temenggong of Johor, he sent a letter to Sultan Ali to reassert of Johor's sovereignty over Segamat. Continued disputes over the sovereignty of Segamat led to an outbreak of a war between the Temenggong's men with the Sultan's. Eleven years later in 1873, attempts made by Suliwatang to collect custom taxes from inhabitants at the Muar estuary led to further conflict with Temenggong Abu Bakar's (who became Maharaja in 1868 and finally Sultan later in 1885, 8 years after death of Sultan Ali) men.
Upon Sultan Ali's death in Umbai, Malacca in 1877, his 11-year-old youngest son, Tengku Mahmood, was named his successor, fueling anger and dissatisfaction of his oldest son, Tengku Alam Shah. The Raja Temenggung of Muar (also known by the title of Temenggong Paduka Tuan of Muar) and its village chieftains voted in favour of a merger of Muar with Johor following the succession dispute between the two of Sultan Ali's sons. Tengku Alam Shah, disputed the legitimacy of the chieftains' wishes and staked his hereditary claims over Muar, started to instigate and launch the 1879 Jementah Civil War in a bid to reclaim Muar, but was quickly defeated by the Maharaja Abu Bakar's forces and Muar was finally annexed and return as part of the Johor state on 30 December 1879.
During the 1880s, the sovereign rulers of Johor, Temenggong Ibrahim and his successor, Sultan Abu Bakar introduced the Kangchu system and actively encouraged the Chinese leaders to set up new gambier and black pepper plantations and to bring in the Chinese immigrants as agricultural settlers and labourers to open and work in these plantations in Muar. A Western-style contracts (termed as "Surat Sungai" in Malay, literally "River Documents") to the Kapitan Cina (Chinese leaders) who have established the plantations along river banks in Johor. Letters of authority ("Surat Kuasa") were issued when the first Chinese leaders began settling in Johor during the 1850s. The Temenggong quickly established goodwill relations with the Kapitan Cina by appointing one Malay administrator, Muhamad Salleh bin Perang, the Dato' Bentara Luar who was able to speak the Teochew dialect, the language spoken by most Kapitan Cina and settlers and able to read Chinese for these purposes. Influx of these settlers mainly of Teochew origin, and were generally first- or second-generation ethnic Chinese who became an important part and parcel of life and population of Muar until today and helped shape the population demographic and the social economy of Muar. There is even a town called Bukit Gambir meaning "Hill of Gambier" in Muar.
Modern Muar Town, known as Bandar Maharani, which is the main city center of Muar district, was founded by Dato' Bentara Luar, Muhamad Salleh bin Perang in 1885 and was only officially opened by His Majesty Maharaja Abu Bakar 12 August 1887 (who just became opted Maharaja title on 30 June 1868) and conferred the namesake Bandar Maharani meaning the Town of Empress, the title of Maharani Fatimah who had accompanied to graced the inauguration ceremony of the new town at Tangga Batu a place around Hentian Maharani bus station now where an auspicious "amulet" or "azimat" is said to be buried underground there then. Muar celebrated its centenary in a grand celebration attended by the Sultan of Johor in 1984.
The prosperity and rapid development of Muar made it the only town in Malaysia ever to have had its own local railway network in the early days. The Muar State Railway (MSR) operated from 1889–1925, linking Jalan Sulaiman in Bandar Maharani and Sungai Pulai for a distance of 22.5 km. A 1916 plan to extend the line to Batu Pahat was aborted and the service totally stopped in 1925 due to financial and geographical constraints and its reduced importance after the construction of Jalan Abdul Rahman linking the Muar town and Parit Jawa. It remains a memory and is only a part of history of Muar now with just the MSR steam locomotive relic on display at Tanjung Emas Park.
In the 2nd World War, the Battle of Muar, 14–22 January 1942, fought around the area from Gemencheh, Muar River and Bukit Bakri in Muar was the last major battle of the Malayan Campaign of the Battle of Malaya, fought by British Allied forces and Japanese forces from 8 December 1941 - 31 January 1942 in British Malaya. The Battle of Bakri or Siege of Bakri was a fierce battle of the fighting troops in Bukit Bakri on the 17 January 1942. The battle was a complete failure which resulted in the near-annihilation of the Allies' deployed 45th Indian Infantry Brigade, with heavy casualties for its two attached Australian's 2/19th and 2/29th Infantry Battalions and the eventual easy fall of Muar to the Imperial Japanese forces. During the 1942–45 Japanese Occupation of Malaya era, Muar continued to serve as important administration town under the occupying Japanese army with many locals involved in the bulk of anti-Japanese resistance groups such as the Malayan People's Anti-Japanese Army (MPAJA) and Force 136.
During the Malayan Emergency period, in the Bukit Kepong Incident, the police station of Bukit Kepong was ambushed and brutally attacked by members of the Malayan National Liberation Army (MNLA), the military arm of the Malayan Communist Party, on 23 February 1950 killing 26 policemen and family members.
Muar also recorded the history of resistance against the communist attacks and British occupation by Panglima Kiyai Salleh, a religious and martial arts teacher of Banjarese & Javanese origin who founded the resistance guerillas troop "Tentera Selempang Merah" but unfortunately its many heroic stories were distorted and tainted with many factless, unbelievable and illogical myths. The Group of Seven or Orang Tujuh of Muar which consists of Tun Dr Awang Hassan(the former Governor of Penang), father of Tun Dr Ismail Dato Abdul Rahman Mohd Yasin(father of Tun Dr Ismail former Deputy Prime Minister), his brother Datuk Sulaiman Abdul Rahman, Tan Sri Datuk Hassan(former Menteri Besar) and Dato Hj Kosai Mohd Salleh was said to be active fighting the formation of Malayan Union and advocating the independence of Malaya.
Geography.
Muar district formerly covers 2346.12 km2, with a population of 328,695 (2000). The town of Muar is located at , at the mouth of the Muar River. The town is about southeast of Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur, and about the same distance (179 km) northwest of Singapore. It is 45 km south of Malacca Town. It is also 50 km north of Batu Pahat. The whole Muar district (North and South) is roughly the size of two and a half Singapore.
The flat terrain of Muar's geographical ground and areas has enable the extensive use of bicycle and tricycle vehicles as the main and major mode of transportion in Muar in the early days. This believe to be the main factor and reason Muar was once the town with the most bicycles and the only town that requires valid license issued by the town council to own and use a bicycle in the country.
Climate.
Muar, like the rest of peninsular Malaysia, enjoys a year-round equatorial climate which is warm and sunny, along with plentiful rainfall, especially during the southwest monsoon from April to September. The climate is very much dictated by the adjacent sea and the wind system.
In the 2006/2007 floods, unusually heavy rainfall in the states of Johor and Melaka resulted in the worst flooding in southern Peninsular Malaysia in history. Muar was not spared from this dreadful disaster which lasted almost a month. Many areas of Muar such as Pagoh, Lenga, Kundang Ulu, Bukit Gambir and Sawah Ring were seriously flooded with some areas up to . About 22,933 people were evacuated to relief centres 
Administration.
[of Muar.svg|right|thumb|Formerly "Flag of the State Commissioner for Muar ()"; 
Muar District was formerly divided administratively into Muar (Bandar Maharani) municipality and Ledang (Tangkak) township. Upon upgrade of Tangkak sub-district to full-fledged Ledang district, Bandar Maharani of Muar is now administered by Muar Municipal Council (formerly South Muar Town Council, later Muar Town Council) under the Muar District Office, while Tangkak of Ledang is administered by Tangkak Town Council (formerly North Muar Town Council) under the Ledang District Office.
Suburbs or Mukim.
Ledang.
A new administration hub to be called Muar 2 is being planned to be built at the location near Muar Bypass to house all state and federal government agencies and departments.
Transportation.
Besides federal roads such as AMJ Highway, Muar is also accessible via the North–South Expressway, Malaysia through the Tangkak, Pagoh and Bukit Gambir interchanges exits.
Sultan Ismail Bridge, the first bridge across the Muar River is the landmark of the town, built in 1960 and completed in 1962 to replace old ferry services in the 1960s.
The new Muar Second Bridge connecting Parit Bunga at the north and Sabak Awor at the south across the river is part of the 13 km Muar Bypass highway that was completed in 2005 is the latest landmark of the town. The highway that traverses through the outskirts of the town has ease the journey by diverting the traffic from Muar town.
Muar with status as an important trading and administrative town in the state of Johor for both the colonial British and the old Sultan's Johore State governments in the early days has contributed in shaping the landscape of the town.
Nearest airports to Muar are the Malacca's Batu Berendam Airport, Johor Bahru's Senai International Airport and the Sepang's KLIA and LCCT airports. While the nearest train railway stations are Segamat or Seremban and Kluang. Transfer by bus or taxi has to be taken from these airports and rail stations to redirect to Muar.
There are also express bus coaches to all the nearby towns and the major cities of Malaysia including Kuala Lumpur, Johor Bahru, Malacca, Kuantan, Ipoh, Penang etc. and also Singapore and Hat Yai (south Thailand). There are two bus stations in Muar; Hentian Maharani Bus Station and Bentayan Express Bus Station (formerly Pagoh Bus Station).
Ferry services to Dumai, Sumatra, Indonesia is also available on regular basis, departing from the Custom Jetty. Muar is the only district (besides the state capital Johor Bahru) in Johor that has its own Custom and Excise Duty Department office and checkpoint at its own jetty.
Traveling in town easily can be done by walking, or by taking a trishaw, public bus and taxi.
The Malaysian Government had planned to build an High Speed Rail transit station in Muar.
Telecommunication and postal service.
Muar area is using the prefix +06 Area Calling Code of Malacca instead of the +07 Area Calling Code of Johor beside the +60 Country Calling Code of Malaysia.
The coverage of reception signal are extensive in all the Muar area for all the major mobile telecommunication service provider companies.
Free internet broadband wi-fi connection are widely available in many cafes and even hotels.
The postal area code for the main town of Muar is 84000 while the rest of the smaller area are using the postal code of 84+++.
Economy.
Muar is internationally wellknown as the hub of the furniture industry of Malaysia. Industrial estates within Muar district are located at Tanjung Agas, Bukit Bakri, Jorak, Parit Bakar, Pagoh and Tangkak. There are notably three big factories of multinational companies, i.e. STMicroelectronics, Micron Technology and Pioneer Corporation at Tanjung Agas. The shopping centres and supermarkets or hypermarkets in Muar are Wetex Parade, The Store, Giant Hypermarket, Econsave, Astaka Shopping Centre, Lagenda Complex, K-Mall,Growth Mart and Hentian Maharani. The town is robust of business and trading activities, with many old traditional Chinese shops offering variety of products at reasonable and attractive prices.
Muar agriculture is mainly made up of the major crops of rubber and oil palm beside some coconut, cocoa, fruits (durian, rambutan, duku, mangosteen, banana, papaya, pineapple, dragon fruit etc.), vegetables and livestock, poultry and fish farming.
Fishing is the major economy of some fishing villages like Parit Jawa, Parit Raja, Parit Tiram, and Kesang.
Education.
Muar High School (麻坡高级中学) began as a Government English School and it was first housed in an attap (the processed leaves of nypa fruticans) shed known as ‘Balai Kuning’ which was actually used by the Sultan of Johore as a reception hall whenever he visited Muar. It was located at the site of the present High Court Building. The school was founded in 1902. It was under the charge of one Mr. C.P. Frois, an Eurasian gentleman from Malacca. He was the first headmaster cum teacher of the school and the enrollment of the school then was about 40 pupils.
It was not until 1904, the majestic British colonial style historical school building started its construction and completed in 1915 and it is still standing. During the Second World War, the school was used as a Japanese concentration camp. Its alumni include national and state leaders, high-ranking government officials and industrialists, such as Tan Sri Osman Saat, Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin, Dato Seri Abdul Ghani Othman, His Excellency(Rtd) Dr Bahar Munip, and Tan Sri Hussin Hj Ismail.
Chung Hwa High School is one of the oldest Chinese Independent high schools in Malaysia. It celebrated its 100th year anniversary in July 2012.
Pagoh Education Hub.
Pagoh Education Hub’s first phase has been launched in the middle of September 2011. The first phase is expected to be completed by 2015. The first phase will see the opening of campuses of four local universities such as:
Architecture.
In the town centre, rows of well preserved pre-war commercial buildings still dominate the town’s architecture. There are many old shop houses and Chinese guilds and associations buildings with unique and beautiful elements in their structure and achitechture still preserved in the town.
Further up the town along the river where the main government administrative area located at the Jalan Petrie, Jalan Othman, Jalan Junid and Tanjung Emas area, many magnificent government buildings with the British colonial achitechture influence are easily visible. The Masjid Jamek Sultan Ibrahim mosque, the Sultan Abu Bakar Building, the High Court Building, the Police Traffic Department building, the Muar High School building, the old Telekom building, the Jabatan Kerja Raya(JKR) building, the 2nd Battalion Rejimen 501 AW's territorial army camp building, the Custom Department building and the official District Officer resident and others government official resident houses are the many old, heritage and historic buildings still standing in the area. The Masjid Jamek Sultan Ibrahim mosque with the English Victorian style architecture and its identical Masjid Jamek 2 Sultan Ismail mosque on the opposite side of the river provides a majestic view. Appreciating the splendour these the priceless heritage buildings accompany by the beautiful colonial influenced landscaping of rows of big shady trees by the riverside garden at Tanjung Emas park now would bring one’s memory back to the nostalgic yesteryears colonial times and also the past glory of the town.
Muar being the royal city of Johor have an official royal palace with a helipad situated at the Muar river bank at Jalan Petrie near Tanjung Emas.
Tourism.
There are many local attractions and places of interest of Muar:
Food and cuisine.
Local Malay foods such Mee Bandung, Rojak Petis, Satay and Asam Pedas are the signature cuisine of Muar. Javanese cuisine such as Soto, Mee Rebus, Lontong and Nasi Ambeng are also available. Dessert includes goreng pisang (fried banana) and goreng tempeh (fried Javanese fermented soya bean cake) with thick soya sauce with hot chili deeping. The local version of Nasi Beriani Gam is also available. Ikan bakar are local grilled fish and accompanied by sea foods such as prawn, squid, crab, mussel, and clams are eaten with banana leaf wrapped Nasi Lemak. They are available at Medan Ikan Bakar Sabak Awor, Jalan Bakariah and Medan Ikan Bakar Parit Karang, Kesang. Mee Siput; a local delicious snack eaten with sambal, local chili paste condiment is only available in Muar. Johor Laksa is another delicious local food.
Muar is also famous for many Chinese foods like the Muar Otak-otak (乌达), Teochew Or-Luak/Or-Chien(Fried Oyster omelette), Hainanese Steamed Chicken Rice ball, Muar Char Kway Teow (fried kueh teow with clam), Hokkien Char Hae Mee (Fried Prawn Mee), Cantonese Wonton Mee, Muar Char Siew Perng(Red Roasted Meat Rice), Teochew Lo-Ak-Perng(Braised Duck Rice), Teochew Mee Pok(Fish Ball Thin Noodle), Teochew Her-Moi(Fish Soup Porridge), Teochew Kueh-Chap(Big Pieces Flat Kueh Teow in Soup with Braised Meat, Offal, Egg and Bean Curd), Teochew Chwee Kueh (cup shaped steamed rice flour cakes topped with chopped preserved/salted radish), Teochew Chai Tao Kueh (fried raddish cake), Cantonese Chok (Congee), Simpang Jeram's Loy Her Bee Hoon (haruan/snake head fish vermicelli soup), Bak Kut Teh (herbal pork ribs soup), Teochew Ter Chap Cheng Therng(Pig's organ soup), Curry Laksa, Hakka Yong Tau Foo (Stuffed Bean Curds variety), Chee Cheong Fun, Mi/Bang Chien Kueh (Kuih Apam Balik Cina) etc. are must-try local Chinese delicacies for visitors. Foods centres can be found at Muar Bus Station (Malay), Tanjung Emas (Mixed), Jalan Bentayan's Bentayan Hawker Centre(Chinese) and Jalan Haji Abu (Chinese), famously known as ""T'am Cjia Kuay"" (贪吃街) literally ""the glutton voracious eating street"" by the Chinese befitting its reputation as the food haven of the town. There are also a few Chinese restaurants serving nice Pau and Dimsum (Chinese bun and dumpling) for breakfast.
There are also many Chinese restaurants and Malay food stalls offering variety of local cuisine on their menus. On different days of the week there are Pasar Malam or night markets and Pasar Tani selling many local foods at different locations of the town. Famous local Chinese festival delicacies like Thong Chiew Guek Peah-Mooncakes, Tao Sah Peah-Red Bean Paste Cakes are available at the Yong Sheng Confectioneries and Gift Shop and Muar Yuen Chen Siang shop for their famous Bak Kua-Barbecued Pork.
Indian cuisine such as Banana Leaf Rice, "Nasi Kandar", "Mee Rojak", "Rojak Mamak", "Putumayam", variety of bread like "Roti Canai", "Roti Telur", "Roti Sardin", "Roti Prata", "Roti Jala", "Tosei", "Roti Nan", "Murtabak", "Kebab" with their superb Indian curry and dal gravy; great soups like "Sup Kambing", "Sup Tulang" and "Sup Ekor"; and not forgetting refreshing cold dessert; Ice Shaved "Cendol" with thick coconut milk and coconut brown sugar and "Teh Tarik" at some Indian foods stalls and restaurants.
Muar is popular for its Sirap Bandung (rose syrup with milk with optional soda and cincau) beverage which is normally served during Malay wedding reception, but also easily available at most Malay food stalls and restaurant. Pear Juice sold at the fruit stalls at Jalan Yahya have a unique taste compared to pear juice from other areas.
Visiting some restaurants and coffee shops in Muar would give nostalgic experience since the environment and food/beverage being served have not changed since the '60s and '70s. Coffee bean and powder of Muar is famous among the locals and tourists. A standard breakfast includes a cup Muar coffee, the butter and "kaya" spread roti bakar (bread toast) and half-boiled egg.
Culture and tradition.
Muar is the birthplace of ‘Ghazal', Johor’s traditional musical heritage, which has a Persian origin. Muar is also the birthplace of several type of Zapin dances like Zapin Lenga, Zapin Parit Bagan, Zapin Muar and Zapin Putar Alam and also the Ceracap Inai dance. Zapin is a combination of semi-squatting style Malay dance with Arabic influence. The dancers usually perform in pairs and are accompanied by a traditional music ensemble normally consists of the gambus, accordion, violin, marwas (bongos), rebana (drum) and dok. Usually Zapin music is very alive and energetic. Keroncong is a popular and favourite musical and songs among the Malays of Javanese descends in Muar.
The traditional Javanese 'Kuda Kepang', a traditional horse dance and 'Barongan' dance originating from Indonesia is believed to be best performed by the Muar Malays of Javanese origin especially the Sg. Balang, Parit Bugis, Parit Yusof, Lenga or Bukit Gambir troupes.
It is generally acknowledged that the local dialect of Malay spoken here (and throughout the state of Johor), the Johor-Riau dialect is the common and standard official version of the Malay language adopted throughout the country.
Other than the above, the Muar is well known for their Chinese community's Lion Dance. Muar "Kun Seng Keng" Lion Dance association had been national champion for 48 times and world champion for 44 times in the International Championship for Lion Dance since 1992 beside many winning other various championship.
Hospitals.
Muar and Tangkak are served by two government hospitals as well as numerous primary health centres. The two hospitals are:
Currently, both hospitals also serve as teaching hospitals for Melaka Manipal Medical College.
KPJ Muar Specialist Hospital is currently under construction near Muar Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="18807565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807565" title="LA Sunshine">
LA Sunshine

Lamar Hill, a.k.a. LA Sunshine (L.A. Sunshine, alternative spelling) is an American old-school MC prominent in the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s.
MC career.
In the late 1970s, he met Kool Moe Dee, Special K and DJ Easy Lee and started performing at he age of 15. L.A. Sunshine joined with other rappers Kool Moe Dee and Special K as well as DJ Easy Lee to form the influential old school hip hop group the Treacherous Three. In 1981, they moved to Sugar Hill Records along with another Enjoy act Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. The Treacherous Three became well known for their singles Feel the Heart Beat and Whip It. They were featured in the 1984 film the breakdance cult-movie "Beat Street" performing the song Xmas Rap with Doug E Fresh, but disbanded shortly afterwards.
Post-artistic career.
LA Sunshine later on went to be the Rice High School basketball team coach. 
Now he works at Promise Academy

</doc>
<doc id="18807568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807568" title="Manovikas Nagar">
Manovikas Nagar

Manovikas Nagar is a suburb in Secunderabad, India.
It has three main civic assests.
1) National Institute for the Mentally Handicapped (Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Govt. of India)
2) Market Yard biggest vegetable market in Secunderabad region.
Near by Areas of Manovikas Nagar is Hasmathpet, A.W.H.O Colony and Anjeya Nagar.

</doc>
<doc id="18807569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807569" title="Muar">
Muar

Muar may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18807586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807586" title="Hotel Cipriani">
Hotel Cipriani

The Hotel Cipriani is a hotel in Venice, northern Italy. On May 26, 1958 Giuseppe Cipriani, founder of Harry’s Bar in Venice and inventor of the Bellini cocktail, opened the Hotel Cipriani on the island of Giudecca. 
In 1976, Orient-Express Hotels was founded with the purchase of Hotel Cipriani in Venice, and began as the leisure division of Sea Containers Ltd and was later incorporated as Orient-Express Hotels Ltd., a Bermuda company.

</doc>
<doc id="18807588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807588" title="Lefèvre family">
Lefèvre family

There were various members of the Lefèvre family engaged in tapestry weaving, in Europe of the 17th and 18th centuries.
Origins.
We hear of one Lancelot Lefebvre as one of the masters of tapestry weaving in Brussels and in Antwerp in 1655; and in Italy, in 1630, we read of a certain Pierre le Fevre, a master tapestry worker, who was a native of Paris. It is not known whether these two men were connected one with the other, and of their personal history we know very little. Pierre died in 1669, leaving a son Philip, who was working in Florence in 1677.
Pierre le Fevre.
In 1647, Pierre was attracted by some offers made him on the part of Henry IV of France, and left Florence for Paris. There he received considerable emoluments, was styled Tapissier to the King, and provided with a workshop in the Garden of the Tuileries. He is known to have gone back to Florence in 1650, but to have returned to Paris five years later; he probably lived in Florence for about ten years, returning there for the last short period of his life. His son Jean, who came with him, does not appear to have ever quit France, and he had the single honour, on the establishment of the Gobelin factory, of directing with Jean Jans the high warp looms. Jans was a Flemish weaver, but had come to Paris to work in the royal buildings in 1654, and he had charge of the largest workshop of the new factory, giving employment to sixty-seven weavers, exclusive of apprentices.
Jean Lefèvre.
The second workshop, which was erected in the Garden of the Tuileries, was the one conducted by Jean Lefèvre, and he appears to have had full charge of it until 1770, and to have earned for the Government a very large sum of money. The fine tapestry entitled "The Toilet of a Princess", which was in the Spitzer collection, was the work of Jean Lefèvre, and three other pieces, representing Bacchanalia, bear his name on their selvedge. One of his major works was entitled "The Toilet of Flora", a sheet of tapestry now preserved at the Garde-meuble. Cardinal Mazarin possessed one of his hangings entitled "The History of St. Paul", and he was probably largely responsible for the two series entitled "The History of Louis XIV", and "The History of Alexander".

</doc>
<doc id="18807595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807595" title="Andrew O'Shaughnessy (politician)">
Andrew O'Shaughnessy (politician)

Andrew O'Shaughnessy (28 July 1866 – 1956) was an Irish politician and industrialist. O'Shaughnessy started his career with the opening of a creamery in Newmarket in 1895. He then added other creamries in County Cork and County Tipperary to build the Newmarket Dairy Company which eventually had twenty four branches. 
In 1903 he purchased Dripsey Woollen Mills from Charles Olden. In the following years he added Kilkenny Woolen mills, Sallybrook Woollen Mills, Bridgetown Flour mills and Dock Milling Company, Dublin to his ownership, thus establishing himself as one the leading woollen manufacturers in Ireland. His publishing interests included a stake in Standard Press Ltd and Juverna Press Ltd, Dublin. During this time he also built about 70 cottages for the mill workers in what is now known as the Model Village in Dripsey. Newspaper reports from the time comment on the quality of Dripsey tweed and drapery of which 90 per cent was for export to Paris, London, Asia and Canada. After his death in 1956, Dripsey Woollen Mills remained in the family and went on to win 8 Gold Medals at the Sacramento fair in the 1960s. The mills eventually closed in the late 1980s.
He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Cork Borough constituency at the 1923 general election. In June 1924 the Minister for External Affairs, Desmond FitzGerald, appointed O'Shaughnessy as representative from Ireland at the International Labour Conference at Geneva. His party label, "Cork Progressive Association", was a name used by the Business and Professional Group, a loose association of businessmen in the Third Dáil. He did not contest the June 1927 general election.
O'Shaughnessy had a passion for restoring residences of character in Cork and over his life lived in over sixteen different properties. Among the residences he lived in were St Raphael's house, Montenotte; Windsor in Rochestown (now Rochestown Park Hotel) and Dripsey castle (formerly the home of the Bowen-Colthurst family) where the O'Shaughnessy family still reside.

</doc>
<doc id="18807604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807604" title="Ora, Israel">
Ora, Israel

Ora (, lit. "Radiance") is a moshav in central Israel. Located southwest of Jerusalem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2012, Ora had a population of 1,229.
History.
In 1953, Percy Newman, a British industrialist, donated the money for the purchase of 3,000 dunams of land on the outskirts of Jerusalem. Jewish immigrants from Yemen were settled there and given tracts of land allocated for poultry farming. The residents lived in tents, without running water or electricity, until 1957. Before the establishment of Kiryat HaYovel, the closest neighborhood was Bayit Vegan, which was reached on foot or by donkey. Conditions were so difficult that by 1954, only 13 families remained. They were later joined by immigrants from North Africa.
In the 1990s, after the wave of Russian aliyah to Israel, the moshav increased egg production from 300 million to 500 million eggs a year.

</doc>
<doc id="18807606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807606" title="Lionel Williamson">
Lionel Williamson

Lionel Williamson (born Innisfail, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s. A talented winger, he played in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership with the Newtown club and also represented Queensland and Australia.
North Queenslander Williamson played a season with Halifax RLFC in 1964-65, also playing in the Queensland side from 1964 to 1967. Gaining selection in Australia's 1968 World Cup squad, he scored two tries in the Final against France. He moved to Sydney to play with Newtown from 1969 and played in the 1970 World Cup, again scoring in the Final to help Australia to victory. Williamson continued representing Australia until 1974 which was also his final year playing for Newtown.
In 2008, the centenary year of rugby league in Australia, Williamson was named in the Newtown Jets 18-man team of the century.
Williamson is the brother of former Qld and Newtown winger Henry Williamson, and the uncle of former Adelaide Rams, Canberra Raiders, Northern Eagles and Manly Sea Eagles goal kicking utility player Luke Williamson.

</doc>
<doc id="18807607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807607" title="2nd AIBA European 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament">
2nd AIBA European 2008 Olympic Qualifying Tournament

2nd AIBA European Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament was held from 7 – 12 April 2008 in Athens, Greece. During the tournament 193 boxers from 39 countries competed for 23 Olympic qualifying places in 11 different weight categories.
Qualifying.
40 teams participated in this tournament: 
"Number in ( ) is total boxer in each country
Competition System.
The competition system of the 2nd AIBA European Olympic Boxing Qualifying Tournament is the knockout round system. Each boxer fights one match per round.
The first two places in each weight provided direct qualification to the 2008 Olympics with and additional qualification place for 3rd place provided in the 54 kg, 69 kg and 75 kg classes after a box off between the two losing semi finalists.
Vittorio Parrinello (ITA, 54 kg), Andrey Balanov (RUS, 69 kg), and Georgios Gazis (GRE, 75 kg) booked the last available tickets to the Beijing Olympics, by winning their bronze contests in the last day of the 2nd AIBA Olympic Qualifying Tournament.
Medal table.
Based on AIBA weightings which takes into consideration the number of bouts fought and number of competitors per team.

</doc>
<doc id="18807621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807621" title="André Raponda Walker">
André Raponda Walker

André Raponda Walker (1871–1968) was a Gabonese author, ethnographer, Catholic priest, and missionary. Walker wrote extensively about Gabonese language and culture.
Biography.
Raponda-Walker was born to a Mpongwe mother, Princesse Agnorogoulè Ikoutou, niece of King Louis Dowé, and Robert Bruce Napoleon Walker, a British merchant in Gabon, and member of the Anthropological Society. Robert Walker was a significant contributor of African artifacts to British Museums, in particular, his collection of African shields.
The young boy spent a year in England around his fourth birthday but returned to Gabon in 1876 and started at the school of Sainte Marie in 1877.
He was ordained in 23 July 1899 and his first assignment was at Notre-Dame des Trois-Epis in Ngounié in southern Gabon.
He was the first person from Gabon to be ordained as a Catholic priest. He served at several locations in Gabon where he learnt a number of local languages and created dictionaries and lexicographies. These works are still used today.
From about 1930, Monsignor Walker was one of the few missionaries still studying and documenting Gabonese anthropology, as many foreign researchers had returned to their countries of origin. Walker used interviews to gather the oral traditions of his country using his knowledge of about twelve Gabonese languages. He gathered histories of the Gabonese estuary, the N'Gounie River valley and coastal areas. 
Raponda-Walker retired in 1947 at Libreville. He had been stationed at a number of locations in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea, including Sindara, Libreville, Boutika (Guinée Equatoriale), Donguila, Lambaréné, Saint-Martin (near Mouila) et au Fernan-Vaz.
Andre lived to see his country independent. Most of Raponda-Walker's work was published in the last few years of his life, after editing by Marcel Soret, a French ethnologist. The work contributed to a systematic project to record Gabonese culture led by Hubert Deschamps.
Legacy.
Walker is well regarded in his country. His image appeared on one of the nation's postage stamps in 1981. He also has a school named in his honour, Collège et Lycée Raponda Walker.

</doc>
<doc id="18807623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807623" title="Ōuchiyama Heikichi">
Ōuchiyama Heikichi

Ōuchiyama Heikichi (born Heikichi Ōuchi, 19 June 1926 - 1 November 1985) was a sumo wrestler from Hitachinaka, Ibaraki, Japan.
He joined Tokitsukaze stable in 1944 and reached the top "makuuchi" division in 1949. After finishing as runner-up to Chiyonoyama with a 13-2 record in March 1955 (Chiyonoyama defeated him in a playoff) he was promoted to sumo's second highest rank of "ōzeki". He only managed to stay at "ōzeki" for eight tournaments, as injury meant he had three consecutive "make-koshi" or losing scores which saw him demoted from the rank. He fought in the "maegashira" ranks until his retirement in 1959. He became an elder of the Japan Sumo Association, working as a coach at his old stable. He was known as Shikoroyama Oyakata until 1961 and then Tatsutayama Oyakata until his death in 1985.
He was well known for his extraordinary size: at tall he was the tallest modern era "ōzeki" until Akebono in 1992.
Pre-modern career record.
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
　
Modern career record.
　
　

</doc>
<doc id="18807627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807627" title="University of New Brunswick College, Singapore">
University of New Brunswick College, Singapore

The University of New Brunswick College, Singapore was the first off-shore campus of Canada's University of New Brunswick and the first by any Canadian institution in Singapore. It sought to provide Singaporean and international students the opportunity to receive a Canadian university education in Singapore. 
Location.
The campus is in Hougang, along Upper Serangoon Road, opposite Holy Innocents' High School.
History.
The University of New Brunswick (UNB) is a Canadian university in the province of New Brunswick. UNB is the oldest English language university in Canada and was the first public university in North America. It is a national comprehensive university, which supplies a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degree programs, diplomas, and certificates. Established in 1952, the Faculty of Business Administration is in UNB's largest campus in Fredericton, New Brunswick. It is UNB's flagship provider of management education and delivers programs leading to Bachelor of Business Administration, Honours Bachelor of Business Administration, Master of Business Administration, MBA in Sports and Recreation Management, MBA-LLB, and MBA-Engineering degrees. The Faculty of Business Administration supplies its Bachelor of Business Administration program in Trinidad. The MBA program is delivered in Kyiv, Ukraine.
UNB's foray into Singapore's education sector came with the assistance of two private course providers, Stansfield College and Singapore Institute of Commerce. Stansfield College provides the marketing and administrative networks.
The university began operations in 2008, providing undergraduate business degree courses to about 50 students and intended to expand its subject range to Logistics and Tourism Management once it was better established. Unlike many other foreign universities' offshore investments, the University of New Brunswick sought to maintain direct control over the quality of the courses and its own faculty from New Brunswick taught courses in Singapore. The university conducted a quality control review in early 2011 and concluded that there were systemic problems in the operations of the local partner.
Stansfield College, without consultation, merged the Singapore Institute of Commerce, which housed UNB Singapore, with its main operations in the spring of 2011. It now only lists business programs from the University of London and Victoria University (Australia) as available. UNB contacted all students and has sought to facilitate the graduation of eligible candidates. It has not renewed the relationship and course delivery ceased. UNB Singapore no longer functions as a distinct entity.

</doc>
<doc id="18807634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807634" title="Furneux Pelham">
Furneux Pelham

Furneux Pelham , or alternatively Furneaux Pelham, is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England. The village is one of the Pelhams, along with Brent Pelham and Stocking Pelham.
The village is known for its ford (Violet's Lane), which is over long and is popular with 4x4 enthusiasts and off-road motorcyclists.
The village has a church, St Mary the Virgin, with a medieval carved wooden roof which was restored and elaborately painted in the 1960s by the artist John Norbury. The spire has the motto "Time Flies, Mind your Business" on the clock. There is also a public house called the "Brewery Tap" which is opposite the site of the former Rayments Brewery. 
The Brewery was built in 1860 by William Rayment and when it was purchased by Greene King in 1928 it had an estate of 35 public houses. The brewery was eventually closed in 1987 when it had just 27 public houses and was brewing only one beer, Rayments BBA.
In recent years, the village was brought to national headlines by the murder of retired Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Riley Workman on 7 January 2004. The culprit was caught and finally sentenced, to a minimum of 32 years, in November 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18807640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807640" title="William F. McCoy">
William F. McCoy

William Frederick McCoy (May 15, 1840 – December 17, 1914) was an Irish-born lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1890 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Lysrian, County Longford and came to Nova Scotia at the age of eight. McCoy was educated at the Sackville Academy. He was called to the bar in 1864. In 1868, he married Maude L. Woodill. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1878. In 1881, McCoy was named Queen's Counsel. In the same year, he was elected an alderman for the City of Halifax. McCoy also served as a recorder for the town of Shelburne and a captain in the militia. He died in Brighton, England at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="18807643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807643" title="Ambadwet">
Ambadwet

Ambadwet is a village situated near the banks of the Mula river, Taluka Mulshi, Pune district, India. Mahindra Conveyor Systems, a subdivision of the Indian automobile manufacturer Mahindra & Mahindra, has a facility of manufacturing material handling equipment like conveyor belts in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="18807646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807646" title="Gate of Mercy Synagogue">
Gate of Mercy Synagogue

The Gate of Mercy Synagogue (Marathi: गेट ऑफ मर्सी सिनेगोग / जुनी मशिद), Hebrew: שער הרחמים) (also known as Shaar Harahamim and Juni Masjid is the oldest synagogue in Mumbai (formerly Bombay), India. The synagogue was built in 1796 by Samaji Hasaji Divekar (also known as Samuel Ezekiel), a Bene Israeli, near Esplanade in South Mumbai. The synagogue was later rebuilt and moved to the present location at Mandvi in 1860. In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, the area was inhabited by a small but thriving Jewish community.
The local appellation of the synagogue, "Juni Masjid" lends itself to the nearby Central railway station, Masjid Bunder. Despite a fall in numbers, the synagogue still maintains active services such as a 6AM service. It serves a congregation of about a hundred members daily. The synagogue is also featured on heritage and religious tours of the city.
History.
According to historical accounts, Samuel Divekar and his brother Issac, served in the British East Indian army as officers. During the Anglo-Mysore Wars, they were captured by the Mysore king Tipu Sultan. They were about to be condemned to death, when Tipu Sultan asked what caste they belonged to. The brothers mentioned that they were Bene Israel. Having never heard of the group, Tipu was about to condemn them to death, when his wife intervened, mentioning that she had heard of the name of the 'caste' in the Koran. Tipu, a devout Muslim spared the two brothers and later exchanged them for a prisoner swap with the British. The two brothers returned to the British enclave of Bombay (now renamed to Mumbai) and built the synagogue in thanksgiving. 
On 2 April 1919, the synagogue convened a public meeting of Bene Israeli on the subject of Zionism. Over 350 community members attended, and many were sympathetic to the cause of setting up of an independent homeland of Palestine though the debate sparked off deep debate on the subject.
Structure.
The structure can accommodate 300 members, and on High Holy Days it had large congregations attending. However, on "Shabbat", not more than 50 attended services. There is also a mikvah (bath) present nearby for the religious to purify themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="18807665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807665" title="Veríssimo">
Veríssimo

Veríssimo is a Brazilian municipality located in the west of the state of Minas Gerais. Its population as of 2007 was estimated to be 3,667 people living in a total area of 1,028 km². The city belongs to the mesoregion of Triângulo Mineiro and Alto Paranaíba and to the micro-region of Uberaba. It became a municipality in 1938.
Veríssimo is located at an elevation of 674 meters, 43 km. west of Uberaba. The distance to the state capital, Belo Horizonte, is 513 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Uberaba, Conceição das Alagoas, Campo Florido, Prata, and Uberlândia.
The main economic activities are services, small industries, and agriculture. The GDP in 2005 was approximately R$57 million, with 15 million Reais from services, 10 million Reais from industry, and 28 million Reais from agriculture. There were 516 rural producers on 76,000 hectares of land. The land is very fertile and agricultural production is high. 121 farms had tractors (2006). Approximately 1,100 persons were dependent on agriculture. The main crops were sugarcane and soybeans, but rubber, coffee, cotton, rice, beans and corn were also grown. There were 76,000 head of cattle (2006). There was 1 bank (2007) and 314 automobiles (165 motorcycles), giving a ratio of 11 inhabitants per automobile.
There was 1 health clinic. Patients with more serious health conditions are transported to Uberaba, which is connected by good roads. Educational needs were met by 3 primary schools, 1 middle school, and 2 pre-primary schools.
In 2000 the per capita monthly income of R$244.00 was just below the state and national average of R$276.00 and R$297.00 respectively.
The highest ranking municipality in Minas Gerais in 2000 was Poços de Caldas with 0.841, while the lowest was Setubinha with 0.568. Nationally the highest was São Caetano do Sul in São Paulo with 0.919, while the lowest was Setubinha. In more recent statistics (considering 5,507 municipalities) Manari in the state of Pernambuco has the lowest rating in the country—0,467—putting it in last place.

</doc>
<doc id="18807666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807666" title="Feohanagh-Castlemahon GAA">
Feohanagh-Castlemahon GAA

Feohanagh-Castlemahon () is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Mahoonagh, County Limerick, Ireland. It was founded in 1890. Coolyroe is the main centre for the GAA field, known as Quaid Park.
Hurling is the main sport in Feohanagh-Castlemahon (Fheothanach - Caisleán Uí Mhathúna). For Hurling, Mahoonagh parish is represented by Feohanagh and Gaelic Football is represented by Castlemahon. 
There are also handball courts available in Coolyroe.
Feohanagh/Castlemahon won the 2011 West Junior A Hurling Championship defeating Dromcollogher/Broadford in the final in Feenagh on 15 October 2011 on a scoreline of 2-10 to 0-08. In 2013 they retained their West Junior A Hurling Title with a comfortable win over neighbours Feenagh/Kilmeedy. However when the two sides met again in the county final, Feenagh upset the odds winning by 0-14 to 0-11 in a disappointing result for Feohanagh.
However, the footballers made up for that defeat. They were narrowly beaten by Glin 0-08 to 0-07 in the West final, but like the hurling, the West runners up won the county final as Castlemahon prevailed on a score line of 1-08 to 1-07, securing intermediate status for 2014. They went on to defeat Drom-Inch of Tipperary and Coolmeen of Clare but were beaten in the Munster Junior Football Championship Final by Keel of Kerry by 0-14 to 0-04.
Joint Teams.
From time to time the Club Joins with Knockaderry to put forward a team known as Deel Rangers and with Killeedy as Bunoke Gaels This feature is as of a result from not having stuffiest playing numbers where doubt has to be shown for the future of this small rural club .
Famous hurlers and footballers.
Famous hurlers from this club are as follows;
Both Tommy and his cousin Joe played in Goals for Limerick in Hurling from the mid-1970s to the end of the 1990s.
John Flanagan played for Limerick for several years in the late 70s and early 80s. Tommy's and Joe's father were twin brothers and won Junior All Ireland medals with Limerick in 1954. They won Munster Senior medals in 1955. Seamus was a first cousin of Jack and Jim and played with both Limerick and Wexford, winning an All Ireland Senior medal with the latter.
Famous footballers;
Con Murphy was the most famous footballer from this club playing for both Limerick and Munster.
He played Railway cup for Munster in 1936.
His grandson Conor Murphy played for Limerick footballers in the 1990s.
Moses O'Donnell also played with Limerick footballers in the late 20s &early 30s
Dan Sheehan also

</doc>
<doc id="18807672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807672" title="Mala Reignz">
Mala Reignz

Mala Reignz, born Adrienne Malave, a Bronx native, is best known for her complicated rapping style, punchlines and larger than life presence on and off stage. Her skills landed her on Ali Vegas' Mixtape "Leader of the New School" Hosted by Statik Selektah (also makes an appearance in Vegas' new video "That's Nothin'" (prod. by Scott Storch) Her talent was recognized by the legendary Rocksteady Crew and was asked to perform in the female cipher (Sara Kana, Miss NaNa, Rece Steele, Patty Duke, DJ Chela) at their 31st year anniversary concert along with the likes of KRS-1, Fat Joe, DJ Premier, Bahamadia, Ice-T and many more well established artists.
Her debut music video, "BX Til I Die" was picked up by the popular interactive television music source Music Source On Demand nationwide. Always a leader in the Female MC Movement, Mala has collaborated with other well known female MCs such as Lil' Mama, Rece Steele and Byata (winner and 2nd runners up on VH1's Miss Rap Supreme).
Mala Reignz's first mixtape, "Miss Rap Supreme" (2008) placed her on the Hip-Hop map. Themed after the VH1 female rapper show, Mala completed the same challenges as the contestants, even the elimination rounds. Each song preceded by samples of MC Serch and YoYo instructing the girls on their next challenge.
Her debut album, The Introduction, is set to drop December 2009.
References.
Vasquez, L.: [http://www.dtmmag.com/news.php?nid=373], "Queen of All She Surveys", Retrieved on 2007-03-16
Glanting, P: [http://www.urb.com/promotions/next1000/profile.php?BandId=475]
Iandoli, K.: [http://www.allhiphop.com/stories/editorial/default.aspx] "B-Girl Memoirs - Rocksteady Crew's 31st Anniversary", Retrieved on 2007-08-30

</doc>
<doc id="18807691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807691" title="Stocking Pelham">
Stocking Pelham

Stocking Pelham is a village and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire district of Hertfordshire, England. It is located on the border with Essex, around 6 miles (10 km) east of Buntingford. The village is one of the three Pelhams, along with the nearby Brent Pelham and Furneux Pelham.
The village has a church dedicated to Saint Mary, and once had a pub called The Cock, though this was destroyed by fire in February 2008.
Close by the village is a major electrical substation of the National Grid.
See also.
Photograph of the Cock, 1996

</doc>
<doc id="18807703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807703" title="William Hewat">
William Hewat

William Hewat was an Irish politician and company director. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Businessmen's Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency at the 1923 general election. He did not contest the June 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18807738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807738" title="John Monk Saunders">
John Monk Saunders

John Monk Saunders (November 22, 1897 - March 11, 1940) was an American novelist, screenwriter and film director.
Early life and career.
Born in Hinckley, Minnesota, Saunders received his education at University of Washington in Seattle and then was a Rhodes Scholar. He later served in the Air Service during World War I as a flight instructor in Florida, but was never able to secure a posting to France, a disappointment that frustrated him for the remainder of his life.
His screenwriting credits include "Wings" (1927), "The Last Flight" (which he adapted from his own novel "Single Lady"), and "The Conquest of the Air" (1936), which he also directed. "Wings" (1927), was the first film to ever win a Best Picture Academy award on May 16, 1929. He won an Oscar for Best Story for the writing of "The Dawn Patrol".
Personal life.
Saunders was married first to Avis Hughes from 1922 to 1927 then to the actress Fay Wray from 1928 to 1939, with whom he had a daughter, Susan.
Death.
After battling poor health, Saunders hanged himself at his Fort Myers, Florida home in March 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18807744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807744" title="2004 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2004 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Ricardo Mello defeated Vincent Spadea 7–6(7–2), 6–3 to win the 2004 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships singles event. Jan-Michael Gambill was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18807746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807746" title="Stones Brewery">
Stones Brewery

Stones Brewery (William Stones Ltd) was a regional brewery founded in 1868 by William Stones in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire, England and purchased by Bass Brewery in 1968. After its closure in 1999 its major brand, "Stones Bitter", has continued to be produced by the Molson Coors Brewing Company.
William Stones had started brewing in 1847 in Sheffield with Joseph Watts. Following Watts' death in 1854 Stones continued brewing by himself. In 1868 he purchased the lease of the Neepsend Brewery, and renamed it the Cannon Brewery, and he continued to brew there until his death in 1894. Stones' success saw him die as one of the richest men in Sheffield, although he lived a modest life. The company was taken over by Bass in 1968, then in 2000 Bass sold its brewing operations to the Belgian brewer Interbrew who were ordered by the Competition Commission to sell the Stones brand. In 2002, the brand was purchased by the American Coors Brewing Company, who merged to become Molson Coors in 2005.
"Stones Bitter" was brewed at the Cannon Brewery from 1948 and was popular with Sheffield's steel workers. "Stones Bitter" was originally available across the south of Yorkshire, Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire, with distribution extended to the rest of the north of England in 1977, and nationwide from 1979, accompanied by a considerable marketing push. Increasing demand saw it also brewed at other Bass breweries from the 1970s onwards. The beer's popularity reached its apex in 1992 when it was the country's highest selling bitter, selling over a million barrels. The beer has been lauded in certain quarters as "one of Sheffield's most famous exports". After the Cannon's closure production was continued elsewhere. Keg "Stones Bitter" (3.7 per cent alcohol by volume) is brewed by Molson Coors at their brewery in Tadcaster, North Yorkshire and the canned product is brewed at their Burton upon Trent brewery.
"Stones" notably sponsored the Rugby Football League Championship and its successor the Rugby Super League from 1986 until 1997. A well known series of television advertisements for the brand, starring Tony Barton and Michael Angelis, became the longest running bitter advertisements in the country, running from 1983 until 1991. Since the withdrawal of the majority of marketing support by Bass in 1997 in favour of the "Worthington" ale brand, the beer has experienced a marked decline in sales volumes, although it remains among the twenty highest selling ale brands in the United Kingdom.
History.
Origins (1847–1900).
In 1847 Joseph Watts (of Dewsbury) and William Stones began brewing together at the Cannon Brewery in Sheffield's Shalesmoor district near Kelham Island. The name may have come from the nearby foundry that cast gun barrels. In 1852 they acquired their first tied house, the Kelham Tavern. Watts died in May 1854 aged 46, and two years later Stones purchased his share of the business from his former partner's brother. In 1868 Stones took over the lease of the Shepherd, Green & Hatfield brewery in the Neepsend district, which had been founded as the Neepsend Brewery in 1838. He renamed it the Cannon Brewery after his original premises. In 1880 Stones built two malthouses in Worksop. Stones died in 1894, and he left the brewery to his cashier, James Haynes, and Richard Wigfull, a corn miller, as tenants in common. William Stones became a limited company in 1895 with £275,000 of capital (£ in adjusted for inflation) and had by this time grown to become one of the largest businesses in Sheffield, with a tied estate of 84 pubs primarily in its home city and Chesterfield. Distribution was extended to Huddersfield in 1896.
Consolidation (1901–1966).
In February 1912 Stones acquired the fourteen tied houses of Chambers’ Brunswick Brewery in Sheffield. In 1919 The Crown Inn opposite the Cannon Brewery was purchased and rebuilt to serve as the brewery tap and flagship public house. In March 1954 William Stones partnered with Tennant Brothers to acquire the Sheffield Free Brewery, closing the brewery and dividing the estate between themselves. In September that same year the company purchased Mappin's Brewery of Rotherham, shutting the brewery down the following year. The takeover added around 100 public houses to their tied estate, giving them a total of 300. At this time Stones had the second largest tied estate in Sheffield after Tennant's.
In 1959 William Stones paid £100,000 (£ in adjusted for inflation) for Ward & Sons of Swinton, a family-run local bottler of beer and mineral water. The Ward bottling plant was capable of filling and labelling 8,000 bottles an hour, which was more productive than Stones' existing plant. The acquisition allowed Stones to bottle national beers such as "Bass" and "Guinness" for itself, rather than relying on contractors. Also in that year a reciprocal deal was reached with Whitbread, whereby William Stones supplied draught bitter to the 33 houses of the former Scarsdale Brewing Company of Chesterfield, in return for stocking Whitbread's "Mackeson Stout" in their own tied estate. In 1960 the company was awarded the rights to bottle the Norwegian "Ringnes" lager brand for the region. All bottling had transferred to Swinton by 1961, allowing Stones to close its own bottling plant, giving it room to redevelop its Sheffield site. In 1962 a deal was reached with United Breweries to sell "Carling Black Label" lager in Stones tied houses in exchange for supplying Stones products to United's Sheffield area public houses. In 1965 the company was valued at £5 million, rising to £7.2 million by 1967 (£ in adjusted for inflation) as takeover rumours mounted. In 1966 William Stones launched its first brewery conditioned beer, "Stones Imperial", to great success.
Multinational ownership (1967–1999).
By 1967 Bass had built up a 14 per cent stake in the company, and in 1968 they purchased William Stones for £9 million (£ in adjusted for inflation) The friendly takeover was financed by an exchange of stock. The company had a tied estate of 257 public houses and 70 off-licences, located mainly in the south of Yorkshire, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, as well as a substantial free trade business. Bass retained production of the popular "Stones Bitter", but largely replaced the remaining 20 per cent of Stones' sales with its own nationally available brands, such as "Worthington E", and Stones' cider supplier was switched from H. P. Bulmer to Bass' own Taunton mill. As a Bass subsidiary, William Stones was given a fair amount of autonomy. The takeover also saw the Swinton bottling plant and the brewery's Worksop maltings closed down. In 1970 Bass suggested that the Cannon Brewery might be shut down, but the continuing popularity of "Stones Bitter" as well as technical and industrial relations problems at the supposed replacement Runcorn plant in Cheshire ensured the brewery's survival. With Bass' national distribution network, "Stones Bitter" began to be sold across the entire United Kingdom from 1979, and was intended as a mass-produced equivalent to Bass's regional ales.
By 1982 16 per cent of Yorkshire's public houses were tied to Stones. In 1996 a deal was reached to supply "Stones Bitter" as a guest beer to all Hardys & Hansons pubs in the Sheffield and Chesterfield area. Bass closed the Cannon Brewery in April 1999 with the loss of 57 jobs. Bass blamed the closure on the steep decline in sales of cask conditioned beers (nationally there had been a 14 per cent decline in sales of cask beer over the previous 12 months) which the brewery produced. The brewer realised £1 million in efficiency savings by closing the brewery. The Campaign for Real Ale blamed the brewery's closure on Bass' failure to promote their cask conditioned products. As well as "Stones Bitter" the Cannon brewed the small scale "Bass Special", "Bass Light" and "Bass Mild" brands from the mid-1990s as declining "Stones" volumes left the brewery with spare capacity. "Bass Light" and "Bass Mild" had been sold in the Sheffield area as "Stones Mild" and "Stones Dark Mild" respectively. Bass moved production of "Stones" to its Burton upon Trent and Tadcaster breweries. In 2000 Bass sold its brewing interests, including their breweries and the "Stones" brand to the Belgian brewer Interbrew. Interbrew contracted the production of cask conditioned "Stones" to Marston's in Burton. Competition concerns forced Interbrew to sell off certain brands in December 2001, including "Stones Bitter", which was bought by the American Coors Brewing Company (later Molson Coors). Molson Coors currently produce keg "Stones Bitter" at their brewery in Tadcaster, and the canned version at their Burton brewery. The cask product was initially contract brewed at the Highgate Brewery in Walsall, West Midlands, before moving to Everards of Leicester in 2005. The cask product ceased production in June 2012.
"Stones Bitter" has suffered a decline in sales since the closure, and a member of the Bass board of directors that took the decision to close the brewery has admitted that, given the subsequent resurgence in golden ales and local provenance in beer, the decision to close the brewery was the wrong one. Retrospectively, he argues that Bass should have backed "Stones" over "Worthington".
William Stones.
William Stones was born in Sheffield on 29 December 1826. His parents were Eliza and Joseph, both cabinet case makers. By 1870 Stones was living in Sheffield's Lowfield area. Stones purchased a "spacious" terraced house in 1883, although he had been renting the property for several years prior to this. Stones died aged 68 on 14 November 1894, having devoted his whole life to brewing. He was a bachelor, and one of the richest men in Sheffield, leaving over £150,000 in his will (£ in adjusted for inflation). He left his wealth to his sister, friends and various charitable concerns. Stones is said to have earned his success through clever marketing and a consistently good product.
Cannon Brewery.
Situated in Neepsend, Shepherd, Green & Hatfield were the first to brew at the site in 1838 at what was then a respectable residential district. By 1895 the brewery was equipped with "an expensive plant...excellent stores and cellars, spacious covered and open yards, offices, stabling workshops." The marketing and sales offices on the brewery site were completed in 1958. A new £500,000 five storey brewhouse was operational by 1962, and was one of the most up to date in the country. An on-site public house was opened in the basement of the brewery in 1964, initially named "The Underground", but later renamed "The Pig and Whistle"; it was used by brewery workers and visitors. At its peak the brewery produced 50,000 hectolitres of cask conditioned "Stones" each year. The office building was sold off in 1985. In 1992 a visitor's centre building was opened. In 1995 the brewery was used as a shooting location for the film "When Saturday Comes". The office building is occupied by an accountancy firm, however the remainder of the site is currently unoccupied and derelict.
Beers.
Stones Bitter.
Stones Bitter is a bitter beer first brewed in 1948 at the Cannon Brewery. It was designed for the steelworkers of Sheffield's Lower Don Valley. Bass extended its distribution to include the north of England in 1977, before extending distribution nationwide in 1979. Its popularity during the 1970s and 1980s in its heartland saw it described as "more of a religion than a beer." By 1992 "Stones" was the UK's highest selling bitter, with a million barrels sold annually. That same year the ABV of "Stones" was reduced from 4.1 per cent to 3.9 per cent ABV, and then to 3.7 per cent in 1999. The cask conditioned "Stones" was restored to 4.1 per cent ABV in 2006, before being discontinued in 2012. A famous major television campaign ran nationally from 1983 until 1991 with the tagline: ""(Wherever you may wander) there's no taste like Stones"" and starred Tony Barton and Michael Angelis. By 1987 it had become the UK's longest running bitter campaign of all time. "Stones" also sponsored the Rugby Football League Championship from 1986 to 1995 and its successor the Rugby Super League from 1996–7.
Other beers.
As with many breweries, occasional special brews were commissioned upon commemorative dates and retirement of long-serving employees. In 1991 a special bottled beer was produced when Sheffield Wednesday reached the finals of the Football League Cup. 2,000 bottles of "Stones Centenary Ale" were produced in 1995, celebrating 100 years of rugby league. This was followed by the 1996 cask conditioned "Stones Super League Bitter" (4.8 per cent ABV) celebrating Stones' sponsorship of the League, and the 1998 bottled "Stones Commemorative Ale" which marked the scheduled closure of the brewery. In summer 2007, Everards brewed a one-off cask conditioned "Stones Pure Gold" (4.1 per cent ABV) golden ale, and in 2011 four cask conditioned sports themed Stones branded ales were made available throughout the first half of the year, brewed at William Worthington's Brewery in Burton upon Trent.

</doc>
<doc id="18807764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807764" title="Colby Cooper">
Colby Cooper

Colby J. Cooper (born January 7, 1976, in Norwich, New York) was named on September 17, 2013, as the incoming Chief of Staff for the City of Mobile, Alabama, by Mayor-elect Sandy Stimpson. Up until the time of his appointment, Cooper was serving as Director, Corporate Communications at PepsiCo, Inc. Previously, he was the Executive Director of the Coastal Alabama Leadership Council. Prior to his regional role, Cooper was the Co-Founder and Principal of The Cooper-Lyon Group, LLC, a strategic communications, public relations and operations consulting firm based in Fairhope, Alabama. Prior to launching The Cooper-Lyon Group, Cooper served as Chief of Staff to former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University.
Career.
While in government, Cooper served as a long-time aide to Condoleezza Rice, working in various capacities during his time at the White House and Department of State. As Senior Advisor to the Secretary of State (2007-2008), Cooper assisted in the planning and implementation of the Secretary's major events, as well her domestic and international travels, including coordinating meetings between Secretary Rice and various world leaders. Prior to his stint at the State Department, Cooper served on the National Security Council as Director for Communications and Media Relations (2003-2006) where he coordinated President George W. Bush’s foreign media interviews, traveled internationally with the President, and planned the National Security Advisor’s public appearances and media interviews. Earlier in his tenure at the White House, Cooper served as an Associate Director for Communications (2002-2003), and as an Executive and Administrative Assistant to the National Security Advisor (2001-2002). Prior to joining the White House staff, Cooper worked on the U.S. government’s Y2K preparedness and monitoring efforts.
On October 19, 2007, Cooper received Bucknell University's inaugural Award for Distinguished Citizenship. In 2010, he was named by Mobile Bay magazine as a "40 Under Forty" honoree.
In the news.
On September 13, 2012, Cooper had a special tribute to slain U.S. Ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens, published in the Press-Register. Cooper writes: "When I heard the news, the emotion that brewed in me was intense. It is not easy to see footage of someone you worked with dragged lifeless through the streets of a foreign land... Ambassador Stevens was not trying to impose the will of the United States; he was there to help build a relationship between our two countries and offer support to a people who, at their core, want nothing more than to be free." 
On August 26, 2010, Cooper delivered the keynote address at the (Mobile, Alabama) Chamber of Commerce's 2010 "Get Connected" Luncheon. He talked about the foundations of the American dream. In his remarks, Cooper made the following comment about education in America: "We need to remind ourselves that education is not Republican or Democrat, it is not White, Black, Hispanic or Asian -- education should not be about the haves and have not -- primary and secondary education in America is, as far as I am concerned, an inalienable right. We cannot let political or bureaucratic complacency, at all levels, keep us from ensuring that every child is given the chance they deserve to take the necessary steps toward accomplishing their goals and dreams. They will be better for it and so will America." 
On March 14, 2010, Cooper penned a contrarian op-ed for the Press-Register discussing his opposition to a 2010 House Foreign Affairs Committee non-binding resolution (H.Res 252) calling for the heinous acts committed by the Ottoman Empire against the Armenian people, from 1915-1923, to be classified as the Armenian Genocide. In the op-ed, Cooper reveals that he is actually a third generation Armenian-American and shares the plight his great grandparents endured during this time period. Despite his ancestry, he remains opposed to a resolution. 
"Today, more than ever, the United States must be focused on maintaining and strengthening its strategic partnerships and alliances, not impugning (even if unintentionally) the honor and integrity of our allies for acts committed by generations before them... We will never forget what happened, but we need to be rational with our current thinking and actions. This Armenian-American is more concerned about the future of the world than trying to rewrite history."
On May 12, 2009, Cooper had a Letter to the Editor published in the New York Times defending former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice over comments she made about the Bush Administration's policy on torture that were purportedly taken out of context.
Personal life.
Cooper received his B.A. from Bucknell University, where he was a two-time varsity football letter winner. He served on Bucknell University's Alumni Association Board of Directors from 2007-2008.
He is married to Jaime Lyon Cooper who is the Co-Founder of their firm, The Cooper-Lyon Group, LLC. They have a son and daughter.
He is a native of Oxford, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18807768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807768" title="Gate of Mercy">
Gate of Mercy

Gate of Mercy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18807813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807813" title="Stoke Edith Wall Hanging">
Stoke Edith Wall Hanging

Elegant people walking in an early 18th-century garden are depicted in this beautiful embroidered wall hanging. made in 1710-20 this is the larger of two such works which originally hung in Stoke Edith in Herefordshire. The Stoke Edith House was built in 1697 for Paul Foley, Speaker of the House of Commons, and finished by his son Thomas, an MP and wealthy landowner. After a visit by the leading garden designer George London in 1692 the park and gardens were remodelled to his suggestion, and it is likely that pleasure grounds would have been laid out around the house in a series of formal compartments with geometric walks, flower-beds and fountains. The house was destroyed by fire in 1927. Prior to this the hangings hung in the green velvet bedroom, between the dado and the ceiling. After the fire they were kept by the Foley family in London.
The hanging shows couples strolling, the long shadows suggesting a late afternoon in summer. A gentleman doffs his hat while his lady holds out her closed fan, the lappets of her headdress rippling in the breeze. A spaniel chases a squirrel up a tree, peacocks strut around and swans glide on the lake. Orange trees in Chinese pots and laden fruit trees contribute to the graceful affluence of the scene. Embroidered hangings such as this were used like woven tapestries, lining the walls of a room with decorative, narrative scenes, and bringing the country or garden inside the house. Despite their large scale they manage to convey a sense of intimacy in their celebration of private family pleasures.
The hangings are worked mainly in tent stitch in silk and wool on a linen canvas ground, there are some areas of applique with chain stitch. The design was drawn on the canvas prior to embroidery, this can be seen in some areas where the stitches have dropped out. From this evidence it appears that some small areas of the design were not executed, or were worked differently from the original design.

</doc>
<doc id="18807826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807826" title="Queen Margaret University, Asia Campus">
Queen Margaret University, Asia Campus

Queen Margaret University, Asia Campus is an off-shore campus of Scotland's Queen Margaret University in Singapore, and the first offshore campus by any British Institution in the Republic.
Location.
The Campus is located at Ah Hood Road, Singapore.
Unlike many other Private Universities in Singapore which base their operations in the Central Business District, QMU Asia's facilities are similar to those found at Campus Universities in Britain. It has a tennis and three basketball courts, a gymnasium, a fully equipped library and close to 60 classrooms. The University has currently leased the grounds for a 15-year period, estimated to cost S$38 million in rent in total.
History.
QMU Singapore is a joint venture by Queen Margaret University and the East Asia Institute of Management (EASB) to provide Business and Management Courses in Singapore. QMU maintains direct control over the quality of the courses provided in its campus in Singapore, and will engage its own faculty to teach its offshore courses. However, marketing and administration is provided by EASB.
The University began its offshore operations in April 2008, providing Business courses to 1,600 students.

</doc>
<doc id="18807831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807831" title="The Clement Peerens Explosition">
The Clement Peerens Explosition

The Clement Peerens Explosition, or CPeX, is a Belgian parody rock group, created by Hugo Matthysen, Bart Peeters and Ronny Mosuse.
History.
During the early 1990s, Matthysen played the fictional character "Clement Peerens" on the comedy radio show Het Leugenpaleis and its televised successor, Het Peulengaleis. Peerens was portrayed as a self-proclaimed "pop expert", recounting ever-more outrageous anecdotes about current and past rock stars which were little more than drunken ramblings. As the character's popularity grew, it was decided to spin off an actual rock band, which began performing in 1994 and went on to release four albums. The last of these went on sale in 2000 and the band's performances became sporadic. In 2008, CPeX released a best-of album featuring some new material and began playing live again in a modified line-up, as Bart Peeters was forced to withdraw from the band for medical reasons.
Style.
Many of CPeX's lyrics cover inconsequential subjects, often reflecting Peerens' macho, borderline-misogynistic world view and lack of any real interests; subjects include ownership of the TV remote, trying not to answer questions about fashion, or the poor quality of cheap wine.
Controversy.
In 1995, the band released the album "Foorwijf!". The title track caused a minor controversy, as some funfair operators believed they were being put in an unfairly negative light.

</doc>
<doc id="18807833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807833" title="Layne Ulmer">
Layne Ulmer

Layne Ulmer (born September 14, 1980 in North Battleford, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing centre for HC Asiago in the Serie A.
Playing career.
Ulmer was drafted 209th overall in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft by the Ottawa Senators while playing for the Swift Current Broncos of the WHL. 
On June 13, 2001, Ulmer was signed as a free agent by the New York Rangers and played one game with the Rangers in the NHL in the 2003–04 season. Ulmer spent the majority of his contract with the Rangers affiliate, the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League. 
Ulmer spent the 2005–06 season with the San Antonio Rampage before leaving for TPS Turku of the SM-liiga. In 2007 Layne played for the DEL's Frankfurt Lions.

</doc>
<doc id="18807836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807836" title="The Big Bad Wolf (film)">
The Big Bad Wolf (film)

The Big Bad Wolf is an animated short released on 13 April 1934 by United Artists, produced by Walt Disney and directed by Burt Gillett as part of the Silly Symphony series. Acting partly as a sequel to the wildly successful adaptation of "The Three Little Pigs" of the previous year (maintaining the previous film's titular characters as well as its villain), this film also acts as an adaptation of the fairy-tale "Little Red Riding Hood", with the Big Bad Wolf from 1933's "Three Little Pigs" acting as the adversary to Little Red Riding Hood and her grandmother.
Plot.
Not taking the advice of Practical Pig ("There's danger in them woods. Be aware. The Big Bad Wolf is lurking there. Better to be safe than sorry. Short cuts are not always good. Take the long road round the forest while the Wolf is in the wood."), Little Red Riding Hood, escorted by Fiddler and Fifer, takes the short cut through the woods to Grandma's house. They end up encountering Goldilocks the Fairy Queen, who is soon revealed, thanks to a branch breaking, to be the Big Bad Wolf in disguise. Fiddler and Fifer run home, whilst Little Red Riding Hood escapes from the Wolf. The Big Bad Wolf, however, isn't giving up on getting dinner, and goes to Grandma's house, where he chases Grandma into the closet and gets in bed disguised as her. Little Red Riding Hood arrives and after the expected "what big eyes/nose/mouth you've got" spiel is terrified to see the Big Bad Wolf is posing as her grandmother ("You ain't seen the half of it, dearie!"). Fortunately, Fiddler and Fifer have managed to get Practical Pig and thus managed to beat the Wolf once more. As the cartoon ends, a reprise of "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf" comes in.
Reaction.
Made as a somewhat reluctant response to the success of the earlier short, "The Big Bad Wolf" did not quite achieve the levels of popularity of "Three Little Pigs" (which was huge), though two more shorts predominantly featuring the Big Bad Wolf and the pigs came about ("The Three Little Wolves" and "The Practical Pig"), in addition to countless appearances in a variety of shorts, comic strips, war-time propaganda pieces and TV series.
Release.
The short was released on Volume 2 (Three Little Pigs) of the "Walt Disney Animation Collection: Classic Short Films" DVD collection in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18807848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807848" title="Indra Angad-Gaur">
Indra Angad-Gaur

Indra Angad-Gaur (born March 4, 1974 in Den Haag) is a female fencer from the Netherlands.
Angad-Gaur competes with the foil and lives in Rotterdam. During her career she has won three bronze medals in Fencing World Cup events. In the 2004/05 season she achieved those in Shanghai and Cairo. In Leipzig in the 2007/08 season she won her third bronze medal. She also qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in which she won against Eman El Gammal in the first round before being eliminated by Margherita Granbassi in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18807853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807853" title="The Chaser">
The Chaser

The Chaser is an Australian satirical comedy group. They are known for their television programmes on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation channel. The group take their name from their production of satirical newspaper, a publication known to challenge conventions of taste. The group's motto is "Striving for Mediocrity in a World of Excellence".
The Chaser.
The Chaser's earliest foundations were Charles Firth, Dominic Knight, and Chas Licciardello who went to Sydney Grammar School together and produced a small satirical school magazine "The Tiger". Then Firth, Knight and Licciardello met Craig Reucassel, Andrew Hansen and Julian Morrow at the University of Sydney. Chris Taylor also attended the University of Sydney but never knew the others during that time. Licciardello, Knight, Reucassel and Morrow all studied law at the Sydney Law School and Firth, Taylor and Hansen all studied in the University of Sydney Faculty of Arts. Firth and Hansen featured in the ABC documentary called "Uni" by film-maker Simon Target. Firth and Hansen organised the University of Sydney Arts Revue and Firth, Knight, Reucassel and Morrow wrote for the University of Sydney student newspaper "Honi Soit". In 1999 the four members began The Chaser and their first newspaper project entitled "The Chaser". 
The Chaser members are:
The Chaser projects.
"The Chaser" newspaper.
The newspaper, first published in 1999, was The Chaser team's first enterprise. "The Chaser" only had a limited fan base, with the average sales numbers per issue well under 30,000. When their newspaper was shown as a lead story in all major Australian news broadcasts, not only was the headline widely spread, the concept and the popularity of the newspaper leapt dramatically.
Founding contributors to the newspaper include Gregor Stronach, Johanna Featherstone, Sholto Macpherson, Matt Taylor, David Stewart, and Arion McNicoll. Later contributors include Kara Greiner, Richard Cooke, Shane Cubis, and Tim Brunero. Cartoonists Fiona Katauskas and Andrew Weldon drew for the newspaper from its early days.
"The Chaser" and its writers had its first major controversy when their 21 February 2003 edition published Prime Minister John Howard’s private home number on its front page with the headline "Howard ignores the people. So call him at home on (02) 9922 6189". The release of the number came after Howard’s attitude to half a million protesters recently marching for peace. Howard’s number was blocked by the afternoon after receiving many calls in the morning and federal police had been to The Chaser headquarters. The Chaser have stated they received the phone number via an SMS message in 2002.
The Chaser have released five annuals based on "The Chaser" newspaper:
After six years of publication, The Chaser decided that, due to an inability to meet production costs and failing audiences, they would cease publication of the newspaper. The paper, which originally circulated fortnightly, was being released more sporadically and their 91st and final paper was released on 6 February 2005. The Chaser still planned to continue their writing online and to continue to write their annuals.
The Chaser has since released six annuals and a "best of" annual which compiled the best of the five preceding annuals:
Current writers online are Richard Cooke, Shane Cubis, Dominic Knight, Chas Licciardello, Julian Morrow, and Craig Reucassel with additional material provided by Scott Dooley, Lisa Pryor, David Stewart, Gregor Stronach, and Chris Taylor.
The Chaser on television and radio.
After two years of their satirical newspaper, which also included various radio roles, The Chaser had attracted the attention of Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) star Andrew Denton. Denton signed them with ABC and stated "They've got the talent, the work ethic, the fearlessness, the desire". Denton then helped the Chaser to perform their first television program "The Election Chaser", on ABC TV, which was to be based on the 2001 Australian federal election and in the format of the national tallyroom. Four episodes were broadcast and the show was nominated for the 2002 Logie for "Most Outstanding Comedy Program". Denton acted as executive producer and script editor for "The Election Chaser" and would also do so for "CNNNN".
The Chaser team have gone on to create other television shows for ABC TV, including the Logie Award winning "CNNNN" in 2002-3 and "The Chaser Decides" in 2004. "CNNNN" was a satire of not only the popular American news networks CNN and Fox News, but also incorporated Australian and world current affairs into the programme. "The Election Chaser" inspired a similar programme covering the 2004 election, "The Chaser Decides". The coverage, as with all the Chaser productions, was satirical, but a different view on the way the election was covered by the local media.
"The Chaser Decides" returned again in 2007 to cover the 24 November election. It purported to be broadcasting from Australian Electoral Commission's National Tally Room.
In 2004-5, Taylor and Reucassel hosted the Triple J radio drive programme "Today Today". In 2005 the rest of the team produced "Chaser News Alert" "(CNA)", aired on ABC2. Episodes of this series were only a few minutes long. Between July 2006 and January 2007 Taylor and Reucassel returned to Triple J to host "Bloody Sunday", filling the "This Sporting Life" time slot while Roy & HG were on leave from the station. Chas Licciardello and Knight also did a brief fill in show on Triple M called "Chas and Dom from 'The Chaser'".
Cirque du Chaser.
In March 2005, The Chaser members, with the exception of Firth but with CNNNN collaborator Rebecca De Unamuno, wrote and performed a stage production for the Sydney Big Laugh Comedy Festival. "Cirque du Chaser", the name a parody of "Cirque du Soleil", was performed to eight sell-out audiences which performed stand up comedy, sketches, live music, and video satire. The Chaser then took the show on a national tour which was also sold out. "Cirque du Chaser" gave the team confidence to perform in front of a live audience in their new television show, which would be similar to the stage show. The Chaser filmed a pilot for ABC TV in mid-2005 under the working title "Hey, Hey it’s the Chaser".
The Chaser's War on Everything.
The Chaser team signed a contract with the ABC to produce 27 half-hour episodes for 2006, which would be based on news reviews, studio monologues and confrontations with politicians, celebrities, and business leaders. The project would be performed in front of a live audience compared with their previous news format television productions and was named "The Chaser's War on Everything". The first season of "The Chaser's War on Everything" premiered on ABC TV on 17 February 2006 at . The series aired late on Friday evenings where it developed a cult following, getting an average national audience of between 591,000 and 821,000 viewers each episode. The last episode of the 2006 season was broadcast on 8 September 2006.
The first thirteen episodes of the first season were released on DVD on 17 August 2006. The release included commentary by The Chaser and the show's crew and included bonus features and unaired scenes. The second DVD for the first season contained the latter thirteen episodes. It was in the same format of the first DVD and was released on 1 November 2006.
"The Chaser's War on Everything" returned for a second season on Wednesday, 28 March 2007 at 9pm, moving from their Friday night timeslot. It regularly attracted more than a million viewers per episode.
After 20 June episode of season two, the Chaser team suspended the series for ten weeks, so the usual production run time of twenty-six episodes per year did not conclude before the 2007 Australian Federal Election. The second season returned on 5 September 2007.
The Chaser then announced that "The Chaser's War On Everything" was on hold during 2008, with a new (ten episode) series in 2009 which began airing on Wednesday, 27 May 2009. In 2008, the team (without Chris Taylor, but plus writer Dominic Knight) toured Australia with a stage show, "The Chaser's Age of Terror Variety Hour", produced in conjunction with Laughing Stock.
On 29 July 2009, the final episode of "The War" was broadcast.
The Blow Parade.
"The Blow Parade" is a comedy series performed by Andrew Hansen, Chris Taylor, and Craig Schuftan, originally premiering on the radio station Triple J on 28 April 2010. This 5-part series satirises the music industry, music journalism and syndicated golden-oldie radio shows. Each episode, the host Captain Blow (Hansen) guides listeners through the making of a classic album from yesteryear, from bands that don’t actually exist. The series was written by Chris Taylor, with music by Andrew Hansen, and was produced by Craig Schuftan. It was released on CD and through the iTunes Store Australia with bonus tracks. The musicians included Triple J's Lindsay McDougall (guitar) and Chaser member Dominic Knight (bass). The CD of the series won the 2010 ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release.
Yes We Canberra!
The ABC confirmed reports in July 2010 that The Chaser would return with a new series covering the Australian federal election.
The new programme, entitled "Yes We Canberra!", was formally announced on 12 July. The ABC said that the series would air weekly during the election campaign, with a further episode after the election. It purports to be an audience warm-up for the ABC's flagship current affairs program "Lateline" (which does not actually have a studio audience). After the Election date was announced (21 August), it was revealed that the show will premiere on 28 July. A DVD was released 15 September 2010.
The Chaser - Election Collection containing all the election shows was released 2 December 2010.
The Chaser's Royal Wedding Commentary.
Originally set to air on 29 April 2011 on ABC2, a Chaser special was to be shown based on the Wedding of Prince William of Wales and Kate Middleton featuring live commentary from the team members. However, the ABC were advised by the BBC and APTN to pull the show from being aired. In response to the decision by the ABC, Julian Morrow from the Chaser said, "For a monarchy to be issuing decrees about how the media should cover them seems quite out of keeping with modern democratic times... but I suppose that's exactly what the monarchy is." APTN is a private enterprise. The BBC is a corporation, independent from direct government intervention, with its activities being overseen by the BBC Trust.
The Hamster Wheel.
In August 2011, the ABC confirmed a new 8-episode series called "The Hamster Wheel" to air later in the year. The first series debuted in October of 2011 and the second series aired in August of 2012. The series aimed to "examine the contemporary media landscape, where everyone from journalists to political fixers is perpetually at risk of spinning out of control". The show premiered on ABC1 on 5 October.
We'll Have To Leave it There.
In November 2013, the ABC confirmed a new series called We'll Have To Leave it There. The series is set to air in the second half of 2014. 
Members involved in projects.
Other TV series featuring two or more members.
"Note: Dominic Knight does not feature on any other programs."
Public reactions.
In July 2006, Licciardello faced charges of "offensive conduct" from the New South Wales Police Force, after turning up at a rugby league football match between the Canterbury Bulldogs and the St George Illawarra Dragons on 14 July 2006 dressed up as a Bulldogs fan and attempting to sell fake knives, knuckledusters and balaclavas for a "War on Everything" sketch.
In April 2007, a 15 year old boy duped YouTube into deleting all clips posted from "The Chaser's War On Everything" by claiming to be a representative of the ABC. They were later reinstated.
At the 2007 Logie Awards some of the Chaser team were "manhandled" by Crown Casino security staff on the red carpet before being closely supervised for the rest of the evening.
During Dick Cheney's visit to Australia in 2007, members of The Chaser team were included on the official list of terrorists, anarchists, and protesters deemed to pose a threat to the US Vice-President.
The Chaser team gained notoriety and considerable media attention over "The Eulogy Song", written by Chris Taylor and performed by Andrew Hansen on 17 October 2007 episode of "The Chaser's War On Everything". The song satirised the media's posthumous praise of deceased celebrities, regardless of their behaviour in life, and mentioned among others John Lennon, Peter Brock, Stan Zemanek, Princess Diana, Steve Irwin, Donald Bradman, and Kerry Packer. The song attracted comment from both the media and politicians including Kevin Rudd and John Howard, the latter of whom used reference to the song in remarks during a sketch later aired on the programme.
APEC arrest.
Morrow and Licciardello were arrested by NSW Police on 6 September 2007 outside the InterContinental Hotel after driving a fake motorcade through the Sydney central business district and breaching an APEC security zone. The Chaser crew entered a secure area by masquerading as the motorcade of the Canadian delegation to APEC. They were arrested by police after Licciardello emerged from the car dressed as Osama bin Laden, near the hotel where U.S. President George W. Bush was staying. They were subsequently detained, taken to Surry Hills Police Station for questioning and charged with "entering a restricted area without special justification" under the APEC Meeting (Police Powers) Act 2007. Licciardello, Morrow and the nine other production members were released on bail to appear in court on 4 October 2007. If found guilty, they were liable to serve a maximum 6 months imprisonment, or a maximum 2 years imprisonment if they also had possession or control of a prohibited item with no special justification. The Chaser team issued a statement on 6 September that they had been given permission by police officers to enter the restricted area. Under section 37(2)(b) of the legislation a person has special justification to be in an area if "the person is required, authorised or permitted to be in the area by the Commissioner or a police officer". Subsequently, the hearing was adjourned until 5 December 2007 at the request of ABC lawyers. The charges were dropped near the end of April 2008.
The day after the APEC stunt, police questioned Craig Reucassel, Chris Taylor and Dominic Knight and a film crew from the Chaser after they were involved in a second stunt in central Sydney. The three were released by police after being briefly questioned for carrying around black cardboard boxes dressed up as limousines.
The 'Make a Realistic Wish Foundation' skit.
On 3 June 2009 episode, Taylor and Hansen were involved in a skit which was set in a terminally ill children's ward of a hospital, which centered around a spokesman (Taylor) portraying himself along with a doctor (Hansen), from the fictional 'Make a Realistic Wish Foundation' (a spoof of the real Make-a-Wish Foundation). The premise of the skit was that if the terminally ill children are only going to live for a few more months before passing away, it is not worth spending money on lavish gifts for them. The one minute long sketch featured Taylor giving one girl a pencil case instead of a trip to Disneyland. Then along the same lines, Hansen gave another girl a stick instead of a meeting with Zac Efron. The skit concluded with Taylor stating "Why go to any trouble, when they're only gonna die anyway". A similar skit had already been performed in sketch titled "A Reasonable Request Foundation" aired on comedy show The Mansion on Foxtel the previous year.
The reaction to the sketch from media commentators was mostly negative. Then-Prime Minister Kevin Rudd stated that The Chaser team "should hang their heads in shame". He went on to say that "I didn't see that but it's been described to me...I actually don't mind The Chaser taking the mickey out of me or any other politician, at any time and any place...But having a go at kids with a terminal illness is really beyond the pale, absolutely beyond the pale." That morning, the Chaser team along with the ABC managing director, Mark Scott, apologised for airing the skit, with Scott stating that "We have unreservedly apologised for airing that skit...It's very clear today from the reaction that it's caused considerable offence and distress, particularly to parents of children that are seriously ill...I've spoken to Julian Morrow from The Chaser and my understanding is that certainly wasn't the intention of the script, but that's the consequences of it." The ABC will now change their procedures for reviewing episode content which gets broadcast. Scott continued, "We're going to look at those processes ... I mean we all know that The Chaser push the edges and it's a tightrope that we walk, and I suppose there are many, many skits that they've put to air that have offended someone along the way - that's part of the nature of the satirical and black comedy that they do." The skit has also been cut from any further television airings. The ABC announced on Friday that The Chaser's War on Everything will be suspended for 2 weeks. This was relayed via a message by The Chaser on their website, who stated that whilst they disagree with the decision to suspend the show, they apologise for making the skit, acknowledging that it went too far.
ABC's Managing Director announced on 2009-06-10 that the ABC's Head of Comedy, Amanda Duthie, had been removed from her position after a review of the process which led to the skit being broadcast. He was quoted as saying, "The segment should not have been broadcast. We recognise that it caused unnecessary and unreasonable hurt and offence to our viewers and the broader community and we have apologised for this," adding, "This was an error of judgement."
Ms Duthie will continue to be responsible for Arts and Entertainment programs.
In their first episode after being suspended, the Chaser team acknowledged they had made a mistake broadcasting the skit. Later on in the show, they recreated the skit, but instead of targeting sick kids, Kevin Rudd's anger-management issues is parodied. In the same episode Taylor is shown to be attacked by two boxers in another sketch for being "the guy from the Make a Wish sketch". In the closing credits of the show's finale, Taylor is said to have "died of cancer."

</doc>
<doc id="18807857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807857" title="Quality Assurance of Qualifications">
Quality Assurance of Qualifications

The quality assurance of qualifications, in the education system in England, Northern Ireland and Wales, aims to confirm the validity and standard of educational qualifications held by individuals.
How quality assurance works.
The quality assurance process works by measuring learners’ achievement in the assessment component of a qualification against a set of clearly defined quality standards. This is opposed to measuring the learning undertaken throughout the course leading to the qualification.
For general academic qualifications, quality assurance is done largely by measuring learners’ achievement in exams, although other means of Assessment may be measured, such as coursework. For vocational qualifications, quality assurance is done mainly by measuring achievement in coursework, or by direct observation of the learner.
Responsibility for quality assurance.
The quality assurance of qualifications is the responsibility of the various United Kingdom Awarding Bodies that offer qualifications to learners, which in turn are regulated by the Office of the Qualifications and Examinations Regulator in England, the bMZXmX ZmZXCouncil for the Curriculum, Examinations & Assessment in Northern Ireland and the Department for Children, Education, Lifelong Learning and Skills in Wales.
The awarding bodies are represented by two membership bodies, the Federation of Awarding Bodies (for vocational qualifications) and the Joint Council for Qualifications.
Details of all the qualifications accredited by the three regulators are held on the National Database of Accredited Qualifications.
National Framework of Qualifications.
In addition, accredited qualifications in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are categorised into nine levels, set out in the National Qualifications Framework.
The framework groups together qualifications that place similar demands on learners. However, within any one level, qualifications can cover a wide mix of subjects, and take different amounts of time to complete.
Only those qualifications that have been accredited by the three regulators can be included in the framework.
The future of qualifications.
Vocational qualifications in England, Wales and Northern Ireland are currently being reformed with a view to introducing a credit-based approach to these qualifications within a new Qualifications and Credit Framework.
The framework will allow learners to study, be assessed and achieve units of a qualification at their own pace. Each unit will carry a measure of credit that represents the size and demand of each unit. Units will be able to be ‘banked’ and, if wanted, transferred to another recognised qualification. This approach is currently being tested by schools, colleges, training providers, employers and others.

</doc>
<doc id="18807862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807862" title="Andrew Hansen">
Andrew Hansen

Andrew John Hansen (born 18 September 1974) is an Australian comedian and musician, best known for being a member of satirical team The Chaser. As a member of The Chaser, Hansen's television work includes co-writing and starring in ABC Television shows "CNNNN" (2002–2003), "The Chaser Decides" (2004, 2007), "Chaser News Alert" (2005), "The Chaser's War On Everything" (2006–07, 2009), "Yes We Canberra!" (2010), "The Hamster Wheel" (2011-2), and "The Hamster Decides" (2013). He was a producer and regular panellist on "The Unbelievable Truth" (2012). He has also co-written and performed in The Chaser's stage shows, "Cirque du Chaser" (2005) and "The Chaser's Age of Terror Variety Hour" (2008). With Chaser colleague Chris Taylor, Hansen starred in a scripted radio comedy series on triple j titled "The Blow Parade", which was released on CD and the iTunes Store. Hansen and Taylor are currently touring Australia with a live showcase of songs and sketches entitled "One Man Show".
Early life.
Hansen was School Captain of the The Hills Grammar School in Kenthurst, New South Wales and is a graduate of the University of Sydney with honours in Australian literature and Australian history.
In 1995 he appeared as a subject in Simon Target's documentary "Uni" about three students studying at the University of Sydney (Hansen later satirised Target in "CNNNN" where he played the network's British correspondent who was also called Simon Target). Soon-to-be fellow Chaser member Charles Firth was one of the other two students featured. During the documentary it was revealed that Hansen suffered from clinical depression while attending the university.
The Chaser.
CNNNN.
Hansen starred in The Chaser's satirical American news show "CNNNN" as the leader of the "newsband". He was also characters Rudi J Blass, director of "Newstainment", and Simon Target, an English reporter. Hansen's performance in the first season of "CNNNN" earned him the Australian Comedy Award for Outstanding Television Newcomer.
The Chaser's War on Everything.
Hansen has been a regular writer and performer on "The Chaser's War on Everything" since the pilot episode. He is particularly known for composing and performing songs on the program. He is also known for his character pieces, which include "Scenes from the Life of the Crazy Warehouse Guy", "The Surprise Spruiker", "Clive the Slightly Too-Loud Commuter", and "Mr. Ten Questions". In the second part of the first season and the whole of the second and third, Andrew sported a different hairstyle every week. He has said that he likes to look entertaining with his clothes and his hair.
Hansen is a pianist and guitarist and in addition to his songwriting, Hansen composed the show's theme music, which received the APRA-AGSC Screen Music Award for Best Television Theme (2006).
In "The Chaser's War on Everything" DVD Volume 2's commentary, Hansen revealed that he is a fan of computer games and "Doctor Who". This may have sparked the inspiration for one of his songs sung on "The Chaser's War on Everything" Season 1, about "Doctor Who". It is also stated on the commentary that about 3/4 of the "Doctor Who" props in the video clip were supplied by Andrew himself. On the Season 2 Volume 1 commentary, it was revealed jokingly that Hansen is a huge fan of U2, which is why he chose not to imitate lead singer Bono during a sketch. This allegation was possibly tongue-in-cheek, as Hansen did make fun of Bono by playing a Bono-like character in his radio show "The Blow Parade".
For Season 1 of the program, he received the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Performance in Television Comedy (2006).
The Eulogy Song.
The most controversial song that Hansen has performed was "The Eulogy Song", which was originally written for Chris Taylor's play "Dead Caesar", with music by Hansen and lyrics by Taylor. On 17 October 2007 episode of "The War", Hansen performed the song which satirised the lives of several deceased celebrities, including Peter Brock, Stan Zemanek, Princess Diana, Donald Bradman, Steve Irwin, John Lennon, Jeff Buckley and Kerry Packer, expressing the view that people with flaws during life are often disproportionately hailed as "top blokes" after death. The song became the target of significant media attention, with several radio and television personalities saying the song was in "bad taste", and both the then Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and then Leader of the Opposition Kevin Rudd expressing negative views.
Stage Shows.
The members of The Chaser are running Giant Dwarf, a theatre in Sydney for regular comedy and storytelling shows featuring various performers. It opened in February 2014.
Hansen co-wrote and appeared in the live show "Cirque du Chaser", which toured Australia in 2005.
Hansen composed and performed the music for the Sydney Theatre Company's 2007 musical comedy "Dead Caesar", which was written by Chaser colleague Chris Taylor. He also played the roles of Marc Antony and Lucius. "The Eulogy Song" was originally written for and performed during this play.
In 2008, Hansen toured Australia with The Chaser's second stage show, "The Chaser's Age of Terror Variety Hour".
In October 2009, Hansen hosted "The Goodies: Before, During and After", a live show by British comedy trio The Goodies at Sydney's Riverside Theatre (Parramatta) and at the World's Funniest Island comedy festival. The show involved Hansen interviewing Tim Brooke-Taylor and Graeme Garden, as well as performing a Goodies song with them.
In 2011, Hansen joined various combinations of The Chaser team's members for a series of live shows in Sydney entitled "The Chaser's Empty Vessel".
Hansen and Chris Taylor are currently touring Australia with a revue show of new songs and sketches entitled "One Man Show".
Other productions.
Hansen was the guitarist and one of the vocalists for independent Sydney band The Fantastic Leslie. The Fantastic Leslie was composed of Cameron Bruce, Tom Gleeson, James Fletcher and Hansen. In July 1999 the band released their 6-track EP "A Tiny Mark" which was distributed through MGM Distribution. He was also a member of independent alternative band Mending.
Hansen co-wrote the short film "Garbage Man" with Charles Firth and British comedian Henry Naylor. It was a Tropfest finalist in 2005 and a prizewinner at Germany's Ohne Kohle festival. Hansen has also been known to feature on the musical comedy circuit, including a recorded performance of one of his more famous songs, 'I Wish I Was A Scottish Stand-Up Comedian', for the "Laugh-A-Poolooza" 2006 DVD release.
Hansen has had writer/performer contributions to the Nine Network's "Comedy Inc." and the ABC's "My Favourite Album". He has performed occasional voice-overs for ABC programs including "First Tuesday Book Club" and "Media Watch". He composed the music for Nickelodeon's "Sarvo" and "Napman", and songs for the "Sesame Street" character Ollie. Hansen appeared and presented at the 2007 MTV Australia Awards and the 2007 and 2011 ARIA Music Awards. In 2007, he made a guest appearance on Nine's "The Nation". In 2008, he appeared in a sketch on SBS's "Newstopia", as well as an episode of the Australian gaming TV show "Good Game" on the ABC, challenging the hosts to a 'Roffle Cup'. He also made an appearance as a guest host on the program in 2010, filling in for host Steven O'Donnell, again in 2011 filling in for host Stephanie Bendixsen and 2012 filling in for O'Donnell. In 2009, he made guest appearances on Network Ten's "Rove" and "Good News Week". He appeared again on "Good News Week" in 2010, this time with Chris Taylor, in the guise of characters from their radio show "The Blow Parade". The same year, he was a guest on "Top Gear Australia", where he drove deliberately slowly around the celebrity track for humorous effect.
Hansen was the host of "Strictly Speaking", a speechmaking competition series, which aired on ABC1 in 2010.
He was a producer and regular panellist on the comedy show "The Unbelievable Truth", a TV version of the BBC Radio 4 program of the same name. It aired on Australia's Seven Network in 2012.
He composed the music for and starred in "The Blow Parade", a scripted radio comedy series he made with Chris Taylor. It premiered on triple j on 28 April 2010. The series was released on CD and through the iTunes Store with bonus tracks. This album won the 2010 ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release.
He played the character 'Dex' in the 3D movie "Sanctum", produced by Andrew Wight and released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18807880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807880" title="Kampfgeschwader 77">
Kampfgeschwader 77

Kampfgeschwader 77 (KG 77) was a Luftwaffe bomber wing during World War II.
Its units participated on all of the major fronts in the European Theatre until its dissolution in 1944. It operated all three of the major German bomber types; the Dornier Do 17, Heinkel He 111 and the Junkers Ju 88.
History.
Kampfgeschwader 77 was formed on 1 May 1939 at Praha-Kbely in Czechoslovakia with "Stab"./KG 77 and I "Gruppe". II "Gruppe" at Praha-Kbely on the same date. The unit was allocated to "Luftflotte 4", and equipped with the Do 17Z, while III./KG 77 was not made operational until 26 August 1939, again in Königgrätz, now Hradec Králové.
While training in the summer of 1939 the "Geschwader" "worked up" on the Dornier Do 17Z and He 111.
Wartime service.
Polish Campaign.
During the Polish campaign I. and III. "Gruppes" of KG 77 took part in combat operations. Operating from Breslau-Schöngarten (today Copernicus Airport Wrocław), I./KG 77 committed 108 bombers to the campaign. Operating from Breslau under "Luftflotte 4". The unit participated in the Battle of Bzura, and carried out raids in the areas of Galicia, Radom, Kielce and Warsaw against rail, airfield and troop targets.
Denmark and Norway.
The unit did not participate in Operation Weserübung but instead spent the spring training and resting in preparation for the decisive western offensive in 1940.
France and the Low Countries.
The Unit committed 111 bombers to the campaign. From its base at Werl it operated over Belgium and northern France, attacking French armour targets in the Reims and Amiens area. KG 77 supported the German Army during the Battle of Dunkirk, and it supported the southern offensive, "Fall Rot" until the French surrender. Its most notable action during the campaign was its part in "Operation Paula", an all-out attack on Paris airfields, 3 June 1940.
Over Britain and the Battle of the Atlantic 1940-1941.
In mid-July 1940 all three "gruppen" returned to Germany to convert to the Junkers Ju 88. When III./KG 77 returned to France in late August (it was still based at Regensburg on 26 August) it had 35 Ju 88s operational. This "gruppe" suffered losses of 9 Ju 88s on a single mission against Gravesend on 18 September, one of the highest losses of any "gruppe" in a single mission. I./KG 77 in conjunction with II. and III. "gruppe" supported operations during the Blitz. On 27 September I./KG 77 lost six J 88s when raiding London, while II./KG 77 lost another six on the same night.
During 1941 the "Geschwader" also took part in the Battle of the Atlantic. It attempted to support the German battleship Bismarck during her Atlantic operation during 26–28 May 1941. However, the unit was unable to intervene before she sank. The Geschwader did manage to sink the Royal Navy destroyer on 28 May 1941, as the British forces withdrew to port.
Daylight and night attacks were undertaken over the British Isles again from 27 July - 13 August 1942.
Soviet Union.
Only I and III./KG 77 were the only units that were committed to Operation Barbarossa, with a total of 59 Ju 88s.
The "Geschwader" supported Army Group North's drive into the Baltic states and took part in the Siege of Leningrad. During this period I./KG 77 helped defeat a strong Soviet counter-attack by the 11th Army and 34th Army. KG 77 also supported Operation Beowulf, the invasion of the Baltic islands of Osel, Moon and Dago.
During the battle for Estonia it inflicted severe losses on Soviet shipping, with the same dive-bombing tactics used over Norway, France and Britain. KGr 806 sank the Soviet destroyer "Karl Marx" on 8 August 1941 in Loksa Bay, Tallinn. On 28 August the Ju 88s had more success when KG 77 and KGr 806 sank the 2,026 grt steamer "Vironia", the 2,317 grt "Lucerne", the 1,423 "Atis Kronvalds" and the ice breaker "Krisjanis Valdemars" (2,250 grt). The rest of the Soviet "fleet", were forced to change course. This took them through a heavily mined area. As a result, 21 Soviet warships, including five destroyers, struck mines and sank. On 29 August, the Ju 88s accounted for the transport ships "Vtoraya Pyatiletka" (3,974 grt), "Kalpaks" (2,190 grt) and "Leningradsovet" (1,270 grt) sunk. Furthermore, the ships "Ivan Papanin", "Saule", "Kazakhstan" and the "Serp i Molot" were damaged. Some 5,000 Soviet soldiers were lost.
KG 77 was largely withdrawn from Russia, although I./KG 77 continued to operate on the Eastern Front until July 1942, supporting German forces at the Operation Seydlitz and the Second Battle of Kharkov.
Mediterranean and North Africa.
I./KG 77 was reformed as I./KG 6 on 31 August 1942, after the unit ceased operations over Great Britain. However I./KG 77 was reformed again on 10 September 1942. The "Kampfgeschwader" carried out operations in the Mediterranean and North Africa until June 1943, taking part in the Siege of Malta and the Second Battle of El Alamein. 
The unit also resisted the Allied invasion of Sicily, probably destroying the U.S. Liberty ship on 11 July. KG 77 made constant night attacks against Allied Naval forces from 10 July - 25 August 1943. 
After retraining naval attack methods, the unit could now operate with effective torpedo methods. I./KG 77 operated from Salon in southern France from March - July 1944, attacking American convoys of the coast of Algeria.
Western Front 1943-1944.
KG 77's primary responsibility was anti-shipping in the English Channel. Committed under the command of "Luftflotte 3", KG 77 supported the German Army, although at night to avoid overwhelming Allied air superiority forces, until 1 September 1944, when it was no longer mentioned on "Luftflotte 3"'s order of battle.
Commanding officers.
Geschwaderkommodore.
HARSEIM, Wolrad. 07.44 appt acting Kdr. of III./KG 77

</doc>
<doc id="18807887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807887" title="Devin Mullings">
Devin Mullings

Devin Mullins (born October 4, 1985 in Bahamas) is a professional tennis player.
Mullins represents the Bahamas and has appeared in 17 Davis Cup ties for his country since 2002. He has an ATP tour win–loss record of 6–8 primarily through his Davis Cup exploits. He has played one main draw "Challenger" singles event, in Quito, Ecuador in 2007, where he reached the second round. 
Mullins has competed in several "Futures" events. He reached a career-high ranking of World No. 886 in August 2007.
Career.
2008 Beijing Olympics.
Mullings appeared in the men's singles tournament at the 2008 Beijing Olympics in August 2008 as an alternate. He lost to the number 52 ranked Agustín Calleri from Argentina 6-1 6-1 in the opening round.

</doc>
<doc id="18807889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807889" title="Task Force 57">
Task Force 57

Task Force 57 (TF 57) is a US Navy task force.
It was previously active during World War II. Task Force numbers were in constant use, and there were several incarnations of TF 57 during World War II. Land based bombers of the United States Air Force's Seventh Air Force were part of TF 57 during 1943–1944. The British Pacific Fleet was allocated as TF 57 in 1945 before being redesignated Task Force 37 in May.
During the Cold War, Task Force 57 was allocated to the United States Pacific Fleet, and available for use, though it was little publicised.
From 1995, it has been part of the United States Fifth Fleet. It appears to be now the Fleet's Maritime Patrol and Reconnaissance Force, under the operational control of Commander, Patrol and Reconnaissance Force, Fifth Fleet. 
Task Force 57 has had Lockheed P-3 Orion maritime patrol aircraft stationed at Masirah Island, Oman, and Diego Garcia. Through Naval Forces Central Command's Combined Maritime Forces, Japanese, German, Australian, and New Zealand aircraft have also formed part of the task force.
According to the Task Force's official website, it normally comprises five squadrons or detachments of Lockheed P-3C Orion and EP-3 Aries II aircraft with detachments from combined maritime forces members including Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Pakistan, Canada, Denmark, Turkey, the U.S. and U.K., as well as other naval forces and personnel from several other nations. The task force currently has over 900 personnel assigned to it, a number which includes coalition forces deployed for Operation Enduring Freedom.
The major task groups in the command are Fleet Air Reconnaissance Squadron detachment (Task Group 57.1), Bahrain Air Patrol Group (Task Group 57.18), and Al Udeid Air Patrol Group (Task Group 57.2).

</doc>
<doc id="18807894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807894" title="7 Dollar Taxi">
7 Dollar Taxi

7 Dollar Taxi are a 4 piece Indie / Pop / Rock band from Lucerne, Switzerland. They consist of:
Biography.
Forming in 2006, 7 Dollar Taxi have played in venues across Switzerland supporting bands such as Babyshambles, The Blood Arm, The Blue Van, Maxïmo Park, Madsen, The Automatic, and many others, as well as playing outside Switzerland, including dates in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Spain.
The bands single "Do The Robot" was released on Kurofune records in Japan, Bandorama in Switzerland.
The band's album "Come And Figure It Out" was released in 2006 in Switzerland, and in 2008 it was released in Japan.
Discography.
"Come And Figure It Out"
1. Do The Robot<BR> 
2. I Go Yeah<BR> 
3. Come And Figure It Out<BR> 
4. Jurassic Heads<BR> 
5. Loser<BR> 
6. Mr. Jukebox<BR> 
7. Kings Of The Universe<BR> 
8. Adam<BR>
9. Ain`t time to say goodbye<BR> 
10. Radio Monotone<BR> 
11. Do You Like Me
Labels: (UK) - 2008, Bandorama (CH) 2006
"Come And Figure It Out"
1. Do The Robot<BR> 
2. I Go Yeah<BR> 
3. Come And Figure It Out<BR> 
4. Jurassic Heads<BR> 
5. Loser<BR> 
6. Mr. Jukebox<BR> 
7. Kings Of The Universe<BR> 
8. Adam<BR>
9. Ain`t time to say goodbye<BR> 
10. Radio Monotone<BR> 
11. Do You Like Me<BR>
12. Red Lips (BONUS TRACK)
Labels: Kurofune (JP) 2008
Producer: Marco Jencarelli and 7 Dollar Taxi<BR>
Recorded: Marco Jencarelli at Soundfarm Studios – Kriens, Switzerland<BR>
Engineered: Marco Jencarelli at Soundfarm Studios – Kriens, Switzerland<BR>
Mixed: Marco Jencarelli at Soundfarm Studios – Kriens, Switzerland<BR>
Mastered by : Marco Jencarelli at Soundfarm Studios – Kriens, Switzerland
"Well, It's about Time" (2012)
1. Sputnik & Laika 
2. Downtown 
3. Wicked Witch 
4. Killjoy 
5. Hobbin Rude 
6. Looking Like You Need Some Sleep 
7. Survival Of The Fittest 
8. Camden Bargain 
9. Kitchen Floor 
10. Lynchtime 
11. That Night In December 
12. The World Is Ending 
13. Check Your Time 
14. Red Lips 
Label: Global Satellite

</doc>
<doc id="18807898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807898" title="Matsunobori Shigeo">
Matsunobori Shigeo

Matsunobori Shigeo (20 July 1924 - 21 April 1986) was a sumo wrestler from Matsudo Chiba, Japan. He fought for the now defunct Oyama stable, joining in 1941. He reached the top "makuuchi" division in 1951 and made the second highest "ōzeki" rank (alongside Wakanohana) in 1956, after finishing as a runner-up to Kagamisato in the September 1955 tournament. He was an "ōzeki" for fifteen tournaments, although he lost the rank at the end of 1958. He retired in November 1961, and in his role as an "elder" of the Japan Sumo Association he became the head of Oyama stable. He produced one "sekitori", the "maegashira" Daihi, who retired in 1983. Upon Oyama's death in 1986 the stable was wound up and its two remaining wrestlers retired.
Pre-modern top division record.
　
　
　
　
　
Modern top division record.
　　
　
　

</doc>
<doc id="18807899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807899" title="Marie-Françoise Bucquet">
Marie-Françoise Bucquet

Marie-Françoise Bucquet (born October 28, 1937) is a French pianist.
French pianist Marie-Françoise Bucquet began her studies at the Vienna Music Academy and continued this tradition by further studies with the pianist Wilhelm Kempff and later with Alfred Brendel. The influence of Edouard Steuermann and Max Deutsch, who were both pupils of Arnold Schönberg, and the French composer Pierre Boulez made her also a specialist in 20th-century music. Many contemporary composers, among them Jolas, Xenakis and Bussotti, composed works especially for her. Her concert tours as a soloist and with orchestra have brought her all over the world. For the Philips label she recorded works by, among others, Bizet, Bartók, Stockhausen and Stravinsky. In 1976 Marie-Françoise Bucquet was awarded an Edison for one of her Schönberg recordings. She has given master classes in Italy, Spain, the United States and Japan and, since 1988, at The International Holland Music Sessions.
Since 1986 she has been professor of piano at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique in Paris where she was appointed Head of the Pedagogical Department and member of the Board in 1991. Since 1979 Marie-Françoise Bucquet has formed a duo with her husband, baritone Jorge Chaminé. Their discography includes several award-winning recordings: Brahms Lieder (Lyrinx-Harmonia Mundi), Carlos Guastavino Songs (Movieplay Classics), Hebrew Songs (ADDA) and in 2002 a new release of a recording of Spanish Songs by De Falla, Turina and Nin for Lyrinx-Harmonia Mundi. With her husband she organizes each year an Atelier Musical in Paris in collaboration with the Centre Culturel Calouste Gulbenkian for special lessons in interpretation and performance. Marie-Françoise Bucquet has been a jury member at many international piano competitions, among them the International Piano Competition in Dublin.
Since 1986 she teaches at Conservatoire de Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18807916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807916" title="Anne Blonstein">
Anne Blonstein

Anne Blonstein (1958–2011) was a British poet and translator, long-resident in Basel, Switzerland, where she worked as a freelance translator and editor.
She was the author of six full-length collections, "the blue pearl", "worked on screen", "memory's morning," "the butterflies and the burnings", "correspondence with nobody", and "to be continued". She was also known for her poetic sequences that work with notarikon — originally a rabbinic and kabbalistic method used to interpret the Hebrew Scriptures. She redeployed and elaborated it as a contemporary poetic procedure, engaging with diverse languages and texts, both ancient and modern. 
Early life.
The greatgranddaughter of Jewish immigrants to Britain at the turn of the 20th century, Anne Blonstein was born and raised in the Home Counties — first Hertfordshire, then moving with her family to Surrey when she was 11. Before leaving Britain in 1983, she spent six years in Cambridge, where she took a degree in Natural Sciences followed by a PhD in genetics and plant breeding.
Career.
Blonstein lived in Basel, Switzerland, where she earned a living as a freelance translator and editor."terse, unusual images are the outcome of an English language that, mated to the other idioms she lives with — German, French, and Hebrew — shapes the transnational world of a language nomad. … In her most recent work, Hebrew … has become the place to which she ties her English and the other languages she uses in her life through graphic/visual and semantic associations. … [For Blonstein languages, with their varieties and differences, have become the endangered species of our globalized world." -- Marina Camboni, "Contemporary Women's Writing", Oxford University Press
Blonstein also collaborated on projects with other artists, including the ceramist Pat King, and the Swiss composers Mela Meierhans and Margrit Schenker]. Her works appeared in "Denver Quarterly", "Descant", "Dusie", "How2", "Indiana Review", "Notre Dame Review", and other publications. 
Death.
Anne Blonstein died in 2011, after a long, undisclosed illness, aged 52.
External links.
Anne Blonstein Memorial - 19 November 2011.
7 Videos: http://vimeo.com/album/1784403 

</doc>
<doc id="18807931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807931" title="2008 Australian federal budget">
2008 Australian federal budget

The 2008 to 2009 budget was released on 13 May 2008, with a particular emphasis on family welfare (expansive tax cuts and a lift in the threshold of the Medicare levy surcharge) and capital investment (national accreditation) funds, the Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan selling it to the House of Representatives as "a A$55 billion Working Families Support Package" that "strengthens Australia's economic foundations, and delivers for working families under pressure" from increasingly high interest rates. Total spending was cut, following on from gradual cuts of nearly 2% of GDP over the decade of the Howard government. Changes to taxation prompted then Shadow Treasurer Malcolm Turnbull to claim the increased taxation will contribute to inflation, but Swan argued that the tax will affect only high income-earners, dispelling any "custodian" line of attack. Heavy spending by the states had been inefficient at managing past underinvestment on infrastructure, and "the conduct of expansionary monetary policies will be less complicated" as a result of the new reform agenda to avoid (supply-side) case-mix funding of the health care and vocational training sectors of the economy.
A new $3 billion tax increase on alcopop drinks was designed to slow down a projected increase (from the Federal Health Minister, Nicola Roxon, tabling Treasury advice) in alcopop sales by 43 million bottles, curtailing binge drinking. However, the opposition described the increase as merely a revenue raiser, with Shadow Health Minister Joe Hockey arguing that consumers of alcopop will switch to other drinks, such as champagne, and binge drinking will not decrease. In response, the Prime Minister told Federal Parliament that the tax increase had wide support in medical and alcohol support services. Opposition Leader Brendan Nelson counter-offered with a $1.8 billion petrol tax cut, reversing years of policy opposing lowering petrol taxes. The Opposition pledged to block the alcopop tax in the Senate, which it will control until July 2008, and has also pledged to block a move to remove a surcharge tax trap for people who fail to take out health cover, which, it claims, will drive up insurance premiums and steer people away from private healthcare.
An increase to the luxury car tax was defeated in the Senate, with Steve Fielding of Family First joining the coalition in blocking the budget legislation. It had been supported by the government, the Australian Greens, and independent Nick Xenophon. It was later passed by all non-coalition Senators after amendments were made.
Reception.
The World Wildlife Fund of Australia has criticised the ambiguity of the Budget's timeline for developing clean coal technology, while the Australian Conservation Foundation has urged the government to reconsider taxes that promote the creation of pollution. However, multinational real estate company Jones Lang LaSalle lauded the $90 million Green Building Fund, which subsidies half the cost of fitting office blocks with environmentally friendly design features.
Senior citizens representative group Seniors Australia criticised the budget for not increasing the seniors pension, and Carers Australia expressed dismay over the lack of change for carer payments. A day after the Budget's release, the government promised a future inquiry into carer and pensioner payments and asserted that the pensions will increase after a specialised review.

</doc>
<doc id="18807965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807965" title="Devico AS">
Devico AS

Devico AS is the sole company to offer directional core drilling services worldwide. Devico AS also rents various borehole survey instruments for the mining industry and geotechnical projects. The head office is located in Melhus, Norway. The company have until now been operating in more than 30 countries worldwide.
History.
Launched in 1988 by Mr. Viktor Tokle.
Introduction.
The DeviDrill, Devico AS directional core barrel and rotary steerable system, was launched in 1988. It was in use until 2001 when the wireline version of the DeviDrill was introduced. The new version was a big improvement since it allows the drill string to stay in the borehole during steering and coring.
Devico AS has developed their own set of borehole survey instruments to be used together with the DeviDrill. In 2002 a miniature version of the survey tool was launched that made it possible to survey throughout the drill bit.
To survey in magnetic environment, Devico has developed a strain gauge based survey tool named DeviFlex. This tool became available in 2004.
References.
www.devico.com<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18807968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807968" title="James Newcome">
James Newcome

James William Scobie Newcome DL (born 24 July 1953) is the current Bishop of Carlisle in the Diocese of Carlisle.
Early life.
He was born in Aldershot, the son of an officer in the Royal Artillery. As a result of his father's army postings, he spent time in Malta and Germany during his childhood. He then attended Marlborough College from 1966 to 1971, where he was Senior Prefect, and worked for Community Service Volunteers in children's homes in Nottinghamshire before going up to Trinity College, Oxford to read modern history from 1971 to 1974. He won the University of Oxford history of art prize in 1972. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant on the General List of the Territorial Army on 23 May 1974. He then spent a year working as an ambulance driver in Stevenage, before going to study at the University of Cambridge, where he read for an MA in theology at Selwyn College, Cambridge from 1975 to 1977 whilst also preparing for ordination at Ridley Hall, Cambridge. He resigned his TA commission on 8 July 1977. He was ordained deacon in 1978.
Career in the Church.
His career began with a curacy at All Saints, Leavesden in the Diocese of St Albans, he was priested in 1979, and remained at All Saints until 1982.
Newcome was then appointed Vicar of Bar Hill and Dry Drayton in the Diocese of Ely in 1982 also becoming a tutor and lecturer in Pastoral Theology, Ethics and Integrating Theology at the Cambridge Federation of Theological Colleges from 1983 to 1988 and Rural Dean of the North Stowe Deanery from 1988 to 1994. In 1994 he was appointed Canon Residentiary at Chester Cathedral also holding the Diocesan posts of Director of Ordinands from 1994 to 2000 and Director of Ministry, Education and Training from 1996 to 2002. He was formally appointed as Bishop of Penrith in March 2002. His succession as Bishop of Carlisle was announced in May 2009, and he was enthroned later in the year.
Newcome married Alison, a health visitor, in 1977, and they have four adult children. He is a keen amateur runner, squash player and hill walker, and also enjoys films and restoring furniture.

</doc>
<doc id="18807974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807974" title="Loron people">
Loron people

The Loron people, variously named Lorhon, Tenbo, Teguessie and Thuuna, who are located in the forested savannah region of northeast Côte d’Ivoire and southwest Burkina Faso, came originally from the Bouna region of Côte d’Ivoire. There are approximately 10,000 Loron people. Their language, which is called Téén, is 45% cognate with that of the Kulango language in the Bouna area, although their culture reflects that of the Lobi people.
Background.
Around 250 years ago, when many Loron people were killed in warfare with other tribal groups from the south of Côte d’Ivoire, the Loron fled the Bouna region. They moved north along the Mounhoun/Black Volta river, and then west, and settled in the area that is now the town of Gaoua, Burkina Faso, about 100 miles (160 km) from Bouna, Côte d’Ivoire.
When the Lobi people moved into the Gaoua area from Ghana in the late 18th century, the Loron, like most other smaller ethnic groups in the region, adopted many of the customs of the dominant and more numerous Lobis. Although, to this day, the Loron people are still considered the ‘Owners of the Land’ in the Gaoua area.
To avoid conflict with their neighbouring tribes the relatively timid Loron went in search of new pastures. Most of the Loron people gradually migrated south, to the mountains which form the border between Burkina Faso and Côte d’Ivoire, just south of the Lobi town of Kampti. Approximately 100 years ago a large group of Loron people moved further south, out of the mountainous region, and settled in a more fertile area in Côte d’Ivoire between Doropo and Tehini. This all happened, of course, before country demarcation lines were created by the French colonialists.
Location.
The Lorhon/Loron people are now concentrated mainly in the Sub-Prefecture of Tehini in northeast Côte d’Ivoire; and the province of Poni in southwest Burkina Faso. Approximately 70% of the Loron live in Côte d’Ivoire, and 30% in Burkina Faso. The Loron in Côte d’Ivoire are scattered over an area of about , just north of the Comoé National Park. In Burkina they are located mainly in the mountain area between Kampti and the Côte d’Ivoire border. Around 5% of the Loron, mostly young Loron males, live and work on the cocoa and coffee plantations of southern Côte d’Ivoire. They usually spend 1–2 years there, before returning to marry and settle down in their natal village.
Way of Life.
The vast majority of Loron people are subsistence farmers, living in small villages of between 50-100 people. Families normally live in homesteads separated from other families by small planting areas. As with the Lobi people, ‘Two reaches of an arrow’ represents an appropriate distance between two Loron family homesteads. The Loron in both Côte d’Ivoire and Burkina Faso are probably among the least developed people groups in their respective countries. They normally live in isolated areas with little or no access to schools, medical facilities, or potable water.
The Loron people are animist in the sense that they believe that the inanimate objects that they create represent the spirit world. They fabricate fetishes, or idols, (punibo) from wood, clay or metal. Appeasing the demands of these ‘gods’ dominate every aspect of their lives. They believe Nyelye – God/sky created everything, but that ‘it’ has no further interest in people. They believe that a wide range of supernatural beings and invisible spiritual powers control and shape their lives. The Loron people offer sacrifices to their idols to ensure, among other things, an adequate food supply, protection from the spirits which can harm or kill, healthy children and harmony in the community. They have many taboos and rituals which they need to respect throughout their lives in order to avoid sickness, death or misfortune.

</doc>
<doc id="18807978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807978" title="Once Over Lightly">
Once Over Lightly

Once Over Lightly is a 1957 album by Jo Stafford. On this album she is accompanied by Art Van Damme and his orchestra. Once Over Lightly was released on the Columbia label.

</doc>
<doc id="18807979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807979" title="The Pelhams">
The Pelhams

The Pelhams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18807998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18807998" title="River Ash">
River Ash

The River Ash may refer to:-

</doc>
<doc id="18808015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808015" title="Héctor Baldassi">
Héctor Baldassi

Héctor Walter Baldassi (born 5 January 1966 in Río Ceballos, Córdoba) is an Argentine retired football referee. His first Argentine first division was in 1998 and only two years later he debuted internationally. Nicknamed "La Coneja" (Spanish for "The She Rabbit") Baldassi officiated several CONMEBOL club competitions including the final match of the 2008 Copa Libertadores, and participated in several international competitions including the 2004 Copa América and the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing. He was called for the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup, but was later dismissed because one of his assistants didn't pass the medical tests.
He was preselected as a referee for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, officiating his first World Cup match in Ghana's 1–0 win over Serbia on 13 June 2010. Then, he officiated Netherlands 1-0 win over Japan. In the round of 16, he officiated the match between Portugal and Spain, awarding a controversial goal to the Spanish team, later confirmed in replays to be a goal obtained from an offside position.

</doc>
<doc id="18808016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808016" title="Nastassia Novikava">
Nastassia Novikava

Nastassia Novikava () (born November 16, 1981 in Zhodzina, Byelorussian SSR) is a weightlifter from Belarus.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics she ranked fifth in the 53 kg class. At the 2007 World Weightlifting Championships she won the silver medal in the 53 kg class, lifting a total of 213 kg.
She won the bronze medal in the Women's 53 kg event in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She won 2010 European Championship with personal best of 238 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="18808026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808026" title="Parikrama (disambiguation)">
Parikrama (disambiguation)

Parikrama is a Hindu religious observance. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18808037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808037" title="Canton of Laruns">
Canton of Laruns

The canton of Laruns is a "canton" located in the "arrondissement" of Oloron-Sainte-Marie, in the "département" of Pyrénées-Atlantiques, in the Aquitaine "région" of France. The canton is made up of 8 undivided "communes". 
Communes.
The "communes" of the "canton" of Laruns are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18808049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808049" title="Emily Silver">
Emily Silver

Emily Susan Silver (born October 9, 1985) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic medalist. She was a member of the silver medal-winning U.S. team of the 4×100 metre freestyle relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She competed alongside US swimmers Natalie Coughlin, Lacey Nymeyer and Kara Lynn Joyce. Emily memorably overcame a broken hand suffered in the Olympic trials, returning after only a few short weeks to compete at the 2008 Olympic Games.
Emily swam collegiately at the University of California, Berkeley. She was named team MVP as a freshmen and served as co-captain of the team in 2007-2008. She achieved All-American status in twenty different events including the 50m free, 100m free, 200m free, 400m free relay, and 800m free relay among others. Emily was the 2007 Pac-10 champion in the 100m free and 200m free. She also set the school record in the 50m free in 2007, breaking future US swimming teammate Natalie Coughlin’s record.
Emily’s post swimming career highlights include a two year stint as Athlete Relations Manager for USA Swimming. Her responsibilities included managing the swimmers who were a part of USA Swimming’s Athlete Partnership Agreement, and overseeing the USA Swimming Family Program. She also worked for lululemon athletica, coordinating promotional events and managing a research and development program. Most recently, Emily was hired as a Marketing Communications Associate by SwimOutlet.com, where her duties will include social media, sports marketing and public relations.
Career.
At the 2005 World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Silver earned a bronze medal swimming in the heats of the 4×100 m freestyle relay.
At 2007 World University Games in Thailand, Silver won a gold medal in the 4×100 m freestyle and a silver in the 4×100 m medley relay.
At the 2008 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), Silver earned a gold medal swimming in the heats of the 4×100 m medley. She placed 8th in the 200 m individual medley, 100 m freestyle, and 100 m backstroke.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Silver earned a silver medal swimming in the heats of the 4×100 m freestyle.
Silver is the niece of Larry Barbiere, a finalist in the men's 100-meter backstroke at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
2008 Olympic Games Beijing, China
- Competed as a member of the U.S. Women’s Olympic swimming team
- Silver medalist, 4 X 100 freestyle relay
2008 World Swimming Championships Manchester, England
-Competed as member of U.S. Women’s swimming team
-Silver medalist, 4 X 100 freestyle relay
-Finalist in three individual events
2007 World University Games Bangkok 
- Competed as member of U.S. Women’s swimming team
- Gold medalist, 4 X 100 freestyle relay
- Silver medalist, 4 X 100 medley relay
2005 World Swimming Championships Montreal, Canada
- Competed as member of U.S. Women’s swimming team
- Silver medalist, 4 X 100 freestyle relay
USA Swimming National “A” Team
- Selected as member of USA Swimming national team, 2005–06 and 2008–09
Women’s swimming, University of California, Berkeley
- Team co-captain, 2007–08
- 20 All-American honors during four-year college career
- 3-time American and NCAA record holder
- 3-time individual champion, Pacific 10 Conference Championships

</doc>
<doc id="18808057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808057" title="Julia Smit">
Julia Smit

Julia Elizabeth Smit (born December 14, 1987) is an American competition swimmer, two-time Olympic medalist, and former world record-holder. She has won a total of nine medals in major international competition, six golds, two silvers, and one bronze spanning the Olympics and Pan American Games.
Personal.
She graduated from Mount Sinai High School in Long Island, New York. Both of her parents were born in the Netherlands. Her father, Peter, is a swim coach. Smit has an older brother, Mike, and a younger brother, Kevin, who are also swimmers. Smit attended Stanford University, where she was an anthropology major and a member of the Stanford Cardinal swimming and diving team.
Swimming career.
As a high school student-athlete, Smit set New York State records in the 100 yard backstroke and 200 IM, swimming with the Three Village Swim Club.
As a college swimmer at Stanford, Smit is a five-time NCAA champion, having won the 400 yard IM in 2008, 2009, and 2010 and the 200 yard IM in 2009 and 2010. Smit is the current American record holder in the 200 and 400 yard IM (short course), and 200 and 400m IM (short course).
2007-2008.
At the 2007 Pan American Games, Smit won the gold medal in the 100 m backstroke, 200 m IM, 4x100 m freestyle relay, and 4x100 m medley relay. Smit also won a silver medal in the 200 m backstroke.
At the 2008 US Olympic Team Trials, Smit finished third in the 200 m freestyle and sixth in the 100 m freestyle, earning berths for the 4x100 and 4x200 meter freestyle relays. Smit also finished third in the 400 m IM at trials.
Smit was part of the silver medal winning team of the 4x100 m freestyle relay and the bronze winning team in the 4x200 m freestyle relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics, after she swam in the heats of both. 
On November 28, 2008, Smit set her first world record at the Canada Cup in Toronto, breaking Kirsty Coventry's short course 400 m IM record.
2009.
At the 2009 US National Championships and World Championship Trials, Smit won her first national title in the 200 m IM in 2:09.34, setting a new American record. Smit also placed second in the 400 m IM and fourth in the 100 m freestyle with a career-best 54.38. At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, in Rome, Smit placed ninth in the 200 m IM (2:10.29), barely missing a place in the final. Smit also swam in the preliminaries of the 4x100 m freestyle, which placed fourth in the final, and the freestyle leg of the 4x100 m medley, which did not advance to the final.
At the 2009 Duel in the Pool, Smit reclaimed the world record in the short course 400 m IM with a time of 4:21.04. One day later, she also broke the world record in the 200 m IM with a time of 2:04.60.
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18808071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808071" title="David Florence">
David Florence

David Florence (born 8 August 1982 in Aberdeen) is a British slalom canoeist who has competed since the early 2000s. He is the current world champion in individual canoe (C-1) slalom, and pairs canoe (C-2) slalom, the latter with Richard Hounslow. Florence was the first canoeist since Charles Dussuet, sixty years earlier, to achieve the C-1, C-2 'double' in the same world championships.
A double Olympic medalist, he won a silver medal in the men's slalom C-1 at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.; at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he competed in both C-1 and C-2 (with Richard Hounslow), winning a silver medal in the C-2 event.
Early life.
Having been born in Aberdeen, Florence lived in Edinburgh between the ages of 7 and 18 on the same street as future world and Olympic cycling champion Chris Hoy. He attended Roseburn Primary School and Stewarts Melville College secondary school. He began canoeing at the age of 14, on the Water of Leith, and was eventually invited to join the Forth Canoe Club, where most of his training was done on the Union Canal. He went to the University of Nottingham and studied mathematical physics, but says his main reason for choosing to move to Nottingham was because it is the home of the National Watersports Centre. His father, George, is a former Scottish canoeing champion and his brother, Fraser also canoes for Scotland. His Uncle Angus Florence also canoed for Scotland.
Career.
Florence finished 4th in the 2005 European Championships and 15th in the World Championships the same year. He also won a bronze medal in the World Cup event in Seu. In 2006 he improved to a sixth place finish in the World Championships, won a bronze in the C-1 team, and took the gold medal at the World Cup in Augsburg. In 2007 he took 5th place at the World Championships and two World Cup medals, bronzes in Prague and Augsburg. In 2009 he started competing in C-2 alongside Richard Hounslow and he won a silver in the C-2 team event at the 2009 world championships in La Seu d'Urgell. He went on to win a bronze in the C-2 event at the 2010 world championships in Tacen and another one in the C-2 team event at the 2011 world championships in Bratislava. At the 2013 world championships in Prague he won 2 golds (C-1 and C-2) and 1 bronze (C-2 team).
In 2009 he won the overall World Cup title in C-1. Florence also has 4 medals from the European Championships (1 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronzes).
2008 Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, in Beijing, Florence competed in the men's slalom C-1, solo whitewater canoeing event. He finished second overall, winning the silver medal behind Slovakian world number one Michal Martikán. He completed his preliminary runs of the course at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in 89.47 and 82.16 seconds, to lie 3rd overall, with a total time of 171.63 seconds, heading into the semifinal. His semifinal time of, 90.46 seconds, qualifying him for the final in 4th place out of the ten advancing competitors. His final run of 88.15 seconds gave him a total time 178.61 seconds and meant he led with only Martikán left to compete, however the Slovakian went almost 2 seconds faster to push Florence into the silver medal position. After the event Florence said he had been inspired by the sight of Rebecca Adlington winning her 400 metres freestyle gold medal the day before.
2012 Olympics.
Florence qualified for the C-1 event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London at the British trials. Thanks to the fact that his C-2 partner Richard Hounslow qualified for the K-1 event, they were able to start together in the C-2 event as the second British boat in that category. Florence was a favorite to medal especially in the C-1 event, but he failed to make the final after a semifinal run full of mistakes. He finished down in 10th place which was a disappointment for him as well as the local fans. He and Hounslow (who also had a disappointing run in K-1) made amends in the C-2 event where they were able to win the silver medal behind their compatriots Timothy Baillie and Etienne Stott and ahead of the three-time defending champions Pavol and Peter Hochschorner.
Astronaut application.
Before the 2008 Olympic Games Florence had applied to become an astronaut in the European Space Agency's astronaut training programme in response to an advert he had seen, and was so serious about it that he began learning Russian, a mandatory requirement for the position. However he was not among the four people selected from the 8,400 applicants and received a rejection letter a short time before the start of the Olympics. After winning his Olympic medal he said of the application; "It wasn't a whim... It was an opportunity that came along to apply for something incredible. I tried but didn't get in."

</doc>
<doc id="18808074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808074" title="Grégory Mallet">
Grégory Mallet

Grégory Mallet (born 21 March 1984 at Rueil-Malmaison, France) is an Olympic swimmer from France.
Career.
Mallet swam for France at the 2008 Olympics, where he was part of France's silver-medal winning 4x100m freestyle relay--after he swam in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="18808079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808079" title="Wilhelm Gratschow">
Wilhelm Gratschow

Wilhelm Gratschow (born 18 October 1982 in Tashkent) is a German amateur boxer who qualified for the 2008 Olympics.
Career.
Gratschow started as a bantamweight and became German Champion in 2004, in 2005 he lost in the semifinal. He failed to qualify for the 2004 Summer Olympics by ending up in third place at the 1st AIBA European 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Plovdiv, Bulgaria. He won bantamweight bronze at the so-called EU-championships after losing to Detelin Dalakliev. Starting with 2006 he competed at featherweight. At the end of 2007 he became German Champion at featherweight and was sent to the qualifier. After being beaten by Azerbaijani boxer Shanin Imranov in the semi final of a European qualifying tournament he qualified for the Olympics by defeating English boxer Stephen Smith in the third place box off.

</doc>
<doc id="18808086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808086" title="Evryali">
Evryali

Evryali (from "Euryale") is a piece for solo piano composed by Iannis Xenakis in 1973. It is based on a technique Xenakis invented in early 1970s, called arborescences—proliferations of melodic lines created from a generative contour (Harley 2004, 72). The title refers to the name of one of the Gorgon sisters, and could also mean, according to Xenakis, "open sea" in Greek (ευρύς + αλς). The name probably means "far-springing" though (ευρύς + άλλομαι).
"Evryali" was Xenakis' second major work for piano solo. It was composed for, and dedicated to, pianist Marie-Françoise Bucquet. According to her, upon presenting her the score, Xenakis said: "Here's the piece. Look at it, and if you think you can do something with it, play it." (Bucquet 1981, 220. Translation from Harley 2004, 80.) Conventional notation is used throughout the score, however, instead of using two or three staves as is customary for piano scores, Xenakis frequently employs four and five staves. Numerous passages are impossible to play as written either because it is physically impossible to reach the notes, or, in one case (a C-sharp in the penultimate passage of arborescences), because the written note is not available on most pianos (this particular difficulty was rectified in a later edition of the work). Therefore, the performer has to create a reduction of the piece, omitting some notes, transposing others, etc., in order to make it playable (Hill 1975, 18–19; Harley 2003, 80). Citing these and other difficulties of "Evryali", pianist-composer Marc Couroux compares the performer to the "warrior" from Carlos Castaneda's books: when confronted with the piece, one must remain "lucid" and choose "which aspects the piece are essential and must be preserved", and which must be sacrificed. (Couroux 1994, 64–65).
The piece began as a graphic design, from which the arborescences were later traced. The music consists almost entirely of a limited number of distinct kinds of texture. On the most basic level, one can distinguish five of these: fixed rhythmic passages, stochastic clouds, polyphonic arborescences, monophonic waves and silence (Harley 2004, 80; Chung 2003, 102. Chung offers different names for the textures, but with essentially the same content). A more complex analysis, offered by musicologist Ronald Squibbs, reveals that "Evryali" has four distinct "configuration types". The first is derived from applying set theory to time-point sequences, each of which is then assigned to a specific pitch. This is the configuration type the work starts with. The second type is generated by stochastic methods, arborescences constitute the third, and finally, the fourth configuration type is silence (Squibbs 1996, 147). According to this classification, there are fifty segments overall in "Evryali": 23 for time-point sequences, 4 for stochastic material (appearing only at two points in the work, both times as consecutive pairs), 20 for arborescences, and 3 are silences. In the score, the silences are notated in seconds.
In adopting a single tempo throughout, "Evryali" is unique in Xenakis' oeuvre for solo piano (Squibbs 1996, 147).
"Evryali" is connected to earlier works, particularly "Synaphaï" (1969), certain parts of which led to the creation of the arborescence technique (Harley 2004, 72). Several passages from "Evryali" were later reused, with some modification, in the chamber work "Dikhthas" (1979) (Harley 2004, 127).

</doc>
<doc id="18808094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808094" title="Boris Steimetz">
Boris Steimetz

Boris Steimetz (born July 27, 1987 at Saint-Denis, Réunion) is a French swimmer. He was part of the silver medal winning team of the 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay at the 2008 Summer Olympics, after he swam in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="18808103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808103" title="Mina de Oro Catholic High School">
Mina de Oro Catholic High School

Mina de Oro Catholic School (colloquially MDOCS) is the Private Parochial Catholic School in the Philippines. It is located on Fr. Bernard Peters Street, Zone III, Socorro, Oriental Mindoro, Philippines and was established on August 1963.
History.
The Mina De Oro Catholic School of Zone III, Socorro, Oriental Mindoro traces its origin from Mina De Oro Academy situated at Sitio, Pola Junction, at barangay, Catiningan, Pola, Oriental Mindoro It was housed only in the residence of Mr. Ireneo Vida, Sr, its founder and first administrator. The administration and management was under a Private Corporation headed by a Board of Directors. Among its stockholders were: Ireneo Vida Sr.; Eusebio 
Villanueva; Eugenio Vidal; Faustino Lasac; Domingo Del Rosario; Mariano Luna and Vicente Ortega Sr,
During the outbreak of war in 1941, the management temporarily suspend its operation. It was only in the late forties when it was re-opened and classes resumed in the building built on the lot owned by Faustino Lasac, who eventually became one of the stockholders.
In 1951, classes were held in temporary building along the national road opposite the school because of the devastating typhoon “WANDA”. There were then complete elementary and secondary courses.
In 1952, there were increased in enrollment which forced the management to build a new building in the present site. It was under the administration of the late Eusebio Villanueva, Eugenia Vidal and Felipe Martinez who were the Director, Principal and treasurer, respectively. It was Mr. Eugenio Vidal who acted as the first principal of Mina De Oro Academy. The school survived and continued its operation until school year 1963-1964.
In the same year, the administration finally resorted to selling of Mina De Oro Academy due to financial instability. Monsignor William Duschak, SVD. D.D., Apostolic Vicar of Calapan purchased the institution. It was converted into a Parochial Catholic Institution and renamed it Mina De Oro Catholic High School under the Directorship of Rev. Fr. Bernard Peters who at the same time was the Parish Priest of Socorro and Mrs., Angelita Aranas was the first principal of Mina De Oro Catholic High School. Her term of office lasted, school year 1973.
In school year 2011, the Mina De Oro Catholic High School was again changed its name to Mina De Oro Catholic School due to school operation of Kindergarten,
As of today, the school remains as one of the Apostolic Vicariate of Calapan Parochial Schools in the Diocese of Oriental Mindoro headed by Monsignor Warlito Cajandig. D.D, the chairman of the Board of Trustees.

</doc>
<doc id="18808106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808106" title="Stanislav Ježek">
Stanislav Ježek

Stanislav Ježek () (born 21 November 1976 in Prague) is a Czech slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-1990s. He won eight medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold (C-1 team: 2002), a silver (C-1 team: 2006), and six bronzes (C-1: 2006, C-1 team: 2003, 2005, 2007, 2010, 2011).
He is the overall World Cup champion in C-1 from 1999 and 2011. He also won a total of 6 medals at the European Championships (1 gold, 2 silvers and 3 bronzes).
Ježek also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the C-1 event, he finished fourth in the qualification round, thus progressing to the semifinals. In the semifinals he finished second, managing to reach the top eight and the final round. In the final he finished fifth. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he repeated his 5th position in the C-1 event. He also started in the C-2 event with Vavřinec Hradilek where they finished 9th after being eliminated in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18808110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808110" title="Grandage Powell">
Grandage Powell

Grandage Edwards Powell was an Anglican bishop in the second quarter of the 20th century.
Born on 20 November 1882 into a clerical family and educated at Rugby and University College, Oxford, he was ordained in 1906. After curacies in Fallowfield and Blackburn he rose rapidly in the Church of England hierarchy becoming successively vicar of St Matthew’s West Kensington, Rural Dean of Leicester and Archdeacon of Carlisle. After four years in Cumberland he was ordained to the episcopate as the Suffragan Bishop of Penrith. He resigned after a serious illness in April 1944 and died on 5 March 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="18808114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808114" title="Fabien Gilot">
Fabien Gilot

Fabien Gilot (born 27 April 1984 in Denain, Nord, France) is an Olympic swimmer from France. He swam for France at the 2008 Olympics, where he was part of France's silver medal winning 4×100m freestyle relay. In the London 2012 Summer Olympics he again swam for France and, this time claiming gold in the Men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay. In his victory wave, Gilot exposed an underarm tattoo with three Hebrew words meaning "I am nothing without them". He explained that this was a tribute to his grandmother's Jewish husband, an Auschwitz survivor. Fabien said that the quote 'I am nothing without them' has a very special meaning for him, representing his family and three stars – one for each of his brothers, as well as for his Olympic rings. He chose to express his feelings towards his family in Hebrew as a gesture to honor Max Goldschmidt, his maternal grandmother's partner who was "a grandfather in every way." Max died in 2012, but got to see his grandson's tattoo and his swimming achievements, although not his Olympic gold.
Finalist of the 100m freestyle at the 2013 world long course championship in Barcelona, he won gold in the 4x100m freestyle, swimming the best time of all participants, and in the 4x100m medley where he anchored the relay.

</doc>
<doc id="18808117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808117" title="Jan Benzien">
Jan Benzien

Jan Benzien (born 22 July 1982 in Giessen) is a German slalom canoer who has competed since the late 1990s.
He won nine medals at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold (C-1 team: 2006) seven silvers (C-1: 2002, C-1 team: 2002, 2005, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2013), and a bronze (C-1: 2009). He won additional 12 medals at the European Championships (2 golds, 6 silvers and 4 bronzes).
Benzien competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. In the C-1 event he finished second in the qualification round, thus progressing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, Benzien finished twelfth, failing to reach the top eight and the final round.
He resides in Leipzig.

</doc>
<doc id="18808124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808124" title="Timeline of Igbo history">
Timeline of Igbo history

The history of the Igbo people starts from the migrations that have brought the Igbo to their present homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="18808130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808130" title="Ander Elosegi">
Ander Elosegi

Ander Elosegi (born 14 November 1987 in Irun) is a Basque slalom canoer who has competed since the mid-2000s. He won a bronze medal in the C-1 team event at the 2009 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in La Seu d'Urgell.
Elosegi also finished fourth in the C-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. and again in the same event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18808139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808139" title="Georg Christiansen">
Georg Christiansen

Georg Christiansen (21 October 1914 – 14 June 1997) was a "Korvettenkapitän" with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He is also a recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="18808147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808147" title="Alexander Lipatov">
Alexander Lipatov

Alexander Lipatov (born 10 June 1981 in Leningrad, Soviet Union) is a Russian slalom canoer who has competed since the late 1990s. At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he was eliminated in the semifinals of the C-1 event finishing 10th overall. He also took part at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London finishing 11th after being eliminated in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18808149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808149" title="Bothriopsis peruviana">
Bothriopsis peruviana

Bothriopsis peruviana is a venomous pitviper species found in Peru. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Geographic range.
Found in southeastern Peru. The type locality given is "La Oroya, Carabaya, southeastern Peru."
Taxonomy.
Campbell & Lamar (2004) includes this name in the synonymy of "B. oligolepis".

</doc>
<doc id="18808150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808150" title="Camilla Nelson">
Camilla Nelson

Dr Camilla Nelson is an Australian author.
Nelson has written two novels. The first is titled "Perverse Acts". This won her an award for one of the Sydney Morning Herald’s Best Young Australian Novelists of the Year. Her second novel is called "Crooked", and it will be published by Random House in September 2008. Nelson currently lectures in Writing at the University of Technology, Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="18808177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808177" title="Christos Tsakmakis">
Christos Tsakmakis

Christos Tsakmakis (born 6 September 1987 in Augsburg) is a German-born, Greek slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s.
He won a bronze medal in the C-1 event at the 2007 European Championships in Liptovský Mikuláš.
Competing in three Summer Olympics, he earned his best finish of seventh in the C-1 event at Beijing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18808195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808195" title="Ballad of the Blues">
Ballad of the Blues

Ballad of the Blues is a 1959 album by Jo Stafford. It is a concept album which tells a story through song, showcasing the influence of the Blues. The album has a predominantly pop setting and features Jo Stafford accompanied by her husband Paul Weston and backed by The Starlighters (one the Starlighters is Thurl Ravenscroft who later became known as the voice of "Tony the Tiger" for Kellogg's Frosted Flakes). The album was re-issued in 2003 by Feinery Records in its monaural edition with extra tracks featuring a lengthy interview with Stafford by Michael Feinstein. The album was re-issued again in 2010 for digital download in its original stereophonic edition by Hallmark Records.
Track listing.
Chapter 1.The Blues Is an Old Old Story" 
Chapter 2.The Blues Is a Tale of Trouble" 
Chapter 3.The Blues Is a Traveling Thing" 
Chapter 4.Times Change and Things Change" 

</doc>
<doc id="18808198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808198" title="NRTL">
NRTL

NRTL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18808202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808202" title="Giovanni Pellielo">
Giovanni Pellielo

Giovanni Pellielo (born January 11, 1970 in Vercelli) is an Italian sport shooter. He won the silver medal in Men's trap at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and also obtained a bronze medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and a silver medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He also won the 2008 ISSF World Cup Final.

</doc>
<doc id="18808209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808209" title="Changsha Ferris Wheel">
Changsha Ferris Wheel

Changsha Ferris Wheel is a tall giant Ferris wheel in Changsha, Hunan, China.
It was completed on September 30, 2004, and officially opened to the public on October 1, 2004. It has a diameter of .
Changsha Ferris Wheel is one of four 120 m Ferris wheels in China, the other three being Suzhou Ferris Wheel (completed 2009), Tianjin Eye (completed 2008), and Zhengzhou Ferris Wheel (completed 2003). The only Chinese Ferris wheel with a greater height is the Star of Nanchang, which opened in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18808212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808212" title="Emir Mujčinović">
Emir Mujčinović

Emir Mujčinović (born March 13, 1978 in Zagreb) is a Croatian slalom canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. He was eliminated in the qualifying round of the C-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, finishing 15th overall.

</doc>
<doc id="18808220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808220" title="Henri Häkkinen">
Henri Häkkinen

Henri Häkkinen (born June 16, 1980 in Joensuu) is a Finnish sport shooter. He won the bronze medal in Men's 10m air rifle at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was leading with Abhinav Bindra of India until the final shot. Bindra won gold with a last shot of 10.8, whereas Häkkinen could score only 9.7, thereby settling for a bronze. China's Zhu Qinan got the silver with a final shot of 10.5. Henri Häkkinen's manager is Finnish Sports Management Agency, SportElite.
Häkkinen has a master's degree in military science and he works as an officer at Signals Regiment in Riihimäki. His military rank is Captain.

</doc>
<doc id="18808226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808226" title="Krzysztof Bieryt">
Krzysztof Bieryt

Krysztof Dariusz Bieryt (born May 17, 1974 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed in the 1990s and 2000s.
He won a gold medal in the C-1 team event at the 1999 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in La Seu d'Urgell. He also won two silvers and a bronze at the European Championships.
Bieryt also competed in three Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of eighth in the C-1 event in Beijing in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18808240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808240" title="Benn Fraker">
Benn Fraker

Thomas Bennett "Benn" Fraker (born February 23, 1989 in Rome, Georgia) is an American slalom canoer who has competed since the late 2000s. He finished sixth in the C-1 at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Background.
Fraker was born in Rome, Georgia on February 23, 1989. He soon moved to Peachtree City, Georgia, where his family resides today. His parents, Tom and Marsha Fraker, support him by driving him to different parts of the country to paddle more challenging rivers. He has a younger brother, Davis, and a younger sister, Addie, who are involved in different athletic sports. Davis is a 4A state record holder in track and field events discus, shot put, and hammer throw. Benn has been training for over ten years in kayaking and canoeing. Initially he started by watching his father, Tom Fraker, paddle recreationally. He began playing with his dad's kayaking equipment in the pool, and later attempted to paddle down rivers. He was a soccer player until he developed Sever's disease in his heel, which is caused by overuse and small injuries to the growth plates. The disease required Fraker to stay off his feet. Kayaking and Canoeing allowed him to recover from the disease and still stay active in sports. He started to get involved in the sport around the age of eleven or twelve.
Athletic Achievements.
Fraker has competed in many events since he was in middle school, but his first major accomplishment that set the stage for the Olympics was the Junior Pre-World Championships in 2005. He is coached by Cathy Hearn (the USACK canoe coach and multi-time world champion) and her brother Davey Hearn (three-time Olympian, and two-time World Champion) Since the World Junior Championships occur only every other year, the major event for 2005 was the Junior Pre-World Championships. He had major competition in the C-1 event and struggled with a gate penalty on the first run, but flawlessly finished the event with a 192.19 total time to win the event. The Pre-Worlds allowed Fraker to compete against the best juniors in the World Junior Championships. Proceeding to the World Junior Championships in 2006, Fraker finish fifth setting the stage for senior level competition. Although it's a difficult task to transfer from junior to senior level competition, Fraker proceeded to win the US Team Trials in 2007 and become first boat on the senior national teams. He also finished thirteenth in 2007 World Cup Rankings. Fraker's accomplishments led him to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. He was one of the youngest competitors in his division. He had struggles in the beginning from the pressures of his first Olympics, but he finished first in the first heat of twenty-three paddlers, and finished overall sixth in the Men's C-1 slalom with a total time of 183.14.

</doc>
<doc id="18808243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808243" title="Barthélemy de Lesseps">
Barthélemy de Lesseps

Jean-Baptiste Barthélemy de Lesseps (27 January 1766 in Sète – 6 April/26 April 1834 in Lisbon) was a French diplomat and writer, member of the scientific expedition of Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse (1 August 1785 – January 1788) and uncle of Ferdinand de Lesseps.
Family and early career.
His childhood was spent in Hamburg and then St. Petersburg, where his father Martin de Lesseps (1730–1807) was the French Consul General. His mother was Anna Caysergues (1730–1823). He had a sister Lise de Lesseps (1769–1840), married in 1788 to Louis Maurice Taupin de Magnitot (1757–1823), and a brother Mathieu de Lesseps (Hamburg, 4 May 1774 – Tunis, 28 December 1832), married to Catherine de Grevigné (Málaga, 11 June 1774 – Paris, 27 January 1853), the parents of Ferdinand de Lesseps.
By age 12 he spoke fluent Russian, German, Spanish and, of course, French. After studying at the Jesuit college of Versailles for five years, he returned to St. Petersburg in 1783.
He was appointed Vice-Consul of France in Kronstadt and once had to intervene with the crew of the French ship "Uranie" of Dunkirk who had largely deserted. Noticed by France's Ambassador to Russia, Mr de Ségur, he was entrusted to carry important news to Versailles. There he met with Paul Antoine Fleuriot de Langle, second in command of the La Pérouse expedition, who had the respect of Louis XVI. La Pérouse asked the Minister of Marine and the Colonies, Charles Eugène Gabriel de La Croix, marquis de Castries to add Lesseps to the expedition as a Russian interpreter as the intended route took them into Russian territory in the north-west Pacific Ocean. His father should have been consulted but there was no time for that, so Castries appointed him to be vice-consul to succeed his father. Instead of returning directly to St. Petersburg, Lesseps would take the much longer route with La Pérouse to the north-west Pacific and then travel overland.
The frigates "Boussole" and "Astrolabe" left Brest on 1 August 1785. De Lesseps set out on the latter ship commanded by de Langle.
The journey took the ships south across the Atlantic Ocean, around Cape Horn to the Pacific, stopping at Easter Island, Hawaii, modern-day Alaska, Macao, Manila, the Sea of Japan, the Sea of Okhotsk and then to the port of Saints Peter and Saint Paul, now Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky on the eastern side of the Kamchatka Peninsula.
Transcontinental journey.
The ships left on 30 September 1787, and de Lesseps left a week later with Kassloff Ougrenin, the governor of Okhotsk, traveling 160 km across the peninsula to Bolsheretsk, a journey that took two weeks, including the building of a raft to cross the Bolchaiareka River. From there they hoped to sail to Okhotsk; when that wasn't possible, they decided to follow the coast around the top of the Sea of Okhotsk, a distance of 1600 km. The party stayed in Bolsheretsk until the end of January while a convoy of 35 sleighs was assembled, but both the weather and Kassloff's official duties slowed progress. De Lesseps chose to separate from the main group, reaching Yamsk at the end of April. Speeded by a road, he reached Okhotsk on 8 May.
De Lesseps set off promptly for Yakutsk, 1200 km inland, but as the weather warmed and the tracks through the snow turned to mud, the sleighs were bogged down, so he dragged them back to Okhotsk.
On his return he was able to buy a few horses which he described as "frightful, half-starved beasts" before setting off again on 6 June. On 5 July he sailed up the Lena River to Lensk and then Kirensk; at the time both towns consisted of little more than a few log cabins. As it was now mid-summer, the water was no longer freezing, but clouds of midges swarmed near the shore. The boats broke up on the rapids, but de Lesseps was able to continue on horseback to Irkutsk, near the south-western end of Lake Baikal.
De Lesseps then used a carriage to travel through Krasnoyarsk, Achinsk, Tomsk, Tobolsk, Tyumen, Yekaterinburg, and Kungur in the Ural Mountains to Kazan, where he was injured in an accident. To avoid being caught for another winter, he pressed on to Nizhniy Novgorod, then (Veliky) Novgorod, reaching St Petersburg, his intended destination, on 22 September 1788, more than a year after he started.
However, this was not the end of his journey. After delivering La Pérouse's reports to the French Ambassador, he learned that he was wanted in Paris, so he continued on through Riga, Königsberg and Berlin, reaching Paris on 17 October. The new Secretary of State for the Navy, César Henri, comte de La Luzerne, met him at Versailles, where he met Louis XVI, was greeted as a hero, and was appointed Consul at Kronstadt.
Given the subsequent loss of both ships, by leaving at Petropavlovsk, de Lesseps became the only man to survive the expedition.
Career during and after the Revolution.
His appointment to Kronstadt kept him clear of the violence of the French Revolution, but after being sent to Turkey as First Secretary, he was imprisoned. Later he was part of the disastrous retreat from Moscow by Napoleon's defeated army in 1812. Finally he was posted to Lisbon, where spent the next 20 years until his death in 1834.
Marriage and issue.
He married Rose Catherine Cécile Lucie Ruffin and had eight children:

</doc>
<doc id="18808246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808246" title="Alberto Di Chiara">
Alberto Di Chiara

Alberto Di Chiara (born 29 March 1964 in Rome) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played for Roma, Reggiana, Lecce, Fiorentina, Parma and Perugia, as well as for the Italian national side. His brother is Stefano Di Chiara.

</doc>
<doc id="18808257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808257" title="Takuya Haneda">
Takuya Haneda

Takuya Haneda (; born July 17, 1987 in Toyota, Aichi) is a Japanese slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. He was eliminated in the qualifying round of the C-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing finishing in 14th place. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he was able to qualify for the final and finished in 7th place in the C-1 event.

</doc>
<doc id="18808266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808266" title="Mark Hewitt">
Mark Hewitt

Mark Hewitt (b. 1955) is an English studio potter living in the small town of Pittsboro, North Carolina outside of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, known for his functional pottery and especially for his large scale wood-fired, salt-glazed ceramic pots, known as "monster pots." His work is influenced by Asian pottery, African pottery, North Carolina pottery, and especially the English pottery of Bernard Leach. Hewitt was taught by Leach's first student, Michael Cardew.
Hewitt was born in England in 1955 not far from the Spode china factory in Stoke-on-Trent. His father and grandfather were both managers at Spode, so he grew up with that ceramics tradition. While at Bristol University in 1975, however, Hewitt was attracted to the very different English studio pottery tradition when a friend loaned him a copy of Leach's seminal work, "A Potter's Book". Thereafter, he sought out opportunities to learn studio pottery, becoming Cardew's apprentice at the Wenford Bridge Pottery in Cornwall.
Hewitt's decision ultimately to settle in North Carolina has influenced his work profoundly, as have his travels to Africa and Southeast Asia. The North Carolina influence can be seen, for instance, in his use of alkaline glazes, runs of glass, and use of contrasting colors of clay. At the same time, his English roots may be seen in his close control of the potter's wheel, his crisp lines, and in the North Devon-style handles of many of his pots.
Hewitt makes a complete line of functional ceramic toys, and much of his work is intended for everyday use. He also makes large-scale vessels of a more sculptural vein, such as his grave markers. His work can be found in the permanent collection of several American museums. He was also the co-curator, with Nancy Sweezy, of "The Potter's Eye: Art and Tradition in North Carolina Pottery," at the North Carolina Museum of Art in Raleigh, North Carolina (October 2005 – March 2006).

</doc>
<doc id="18808267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808267" title="Music of My Life">
Music of My Life

Music of My Life is a 1996 compilation album by Jo Stafford.

</doc>
<doc id="18808285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808285" title="Hey Little Sweetie">
Hey Little Sweetie

"Hey Little Sweetie" is the ninth single to be released by Little Man Tate. It was released on 8 September 2008 and reached #142 in the UK Singles Chart
Track listings.
CD
7" Picture Disc
Download

</doc>
<doc id="18808313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808313" title="Herbert Turner">
Herbert Turner

Herbert Victor Turner (1888–1968) was the second Bishop of Penrith in the modern era.
Educated at Merton College, Oxford, he was successively Curate at Sutton in Ashfield, Vicar of St. Peter's Church, Nottingham, then St. Mary's Church, Radcliffe on Trent and Canon of Southwell before his elevation to the Episcopate. He retired to Windermere after 14 years in post and died a decade later on 10 March 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18808326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808326" title="List of Southampton F.C. seasons">
List of Southampton F.C. seasons

Southampton Football Club, an English association football club based in Southampton, Hampshire, was founded in 1885 as St. Mary's Y.M.A. For almost six years the club took no part in any official competitions at national level, playing only friendlies and local tournaments, including the Hampshire Senior Cup. St Mary's first entered the FA Cup in the 1891–92 season, and in 1894 under the name Southampton St Mary's joined the newly founded Southern Football League.
The club changed its name to simply Southampton at the start of the 1896–97 season, and quickly established themselves as the primary force in football in South England, winning the Southern League three times in a row. The club also reached the semi-finals of the FA Cup in 1898, losing the replay 2–0 to Nottingham Forest after a 1–1 draw. The Saints continued to dominate the league into the 20th century, claiming the championship again in 1901, 1903 and 1904, before joining the Football League Third Division as a founding member in 1920, following the absorption of the Southern League. Southampton were almost instantly promoted to the Second Division, completing the feat as champions in the 1921–22 season.
Southampton found life in the second flight of English football difficult, as they remained a mid-bottom table side throughout the seasons played before and immediately after the Second World War, before they were ultimately relegated back to the Third Division in 1953. Promoted as champions again in 1960, Southampton performed well in the following ten years, reaching the quarter-final stage in the newly created League Cup in 1961 and earning promotion to Division One in 1966 as division runners-up. The club received its first taste of continental football in the 1969–70 season when they competed in the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup, although were knocked out in the first round. Despite suffering relegation back to Division Two in 1974, Southampton achieved a surprise victory in the 1976 FA Cup Final against Manchester United to win the trophy for the first and only time in the club's history. This success was topped off two seasons later when the club regained its First Division place.
The 1983–84 season was Southampton's most successful in terms of league position, when the club finished second in the top flight to Liverpool, missing out on the championship by just three points. In the 1990s the club largely struggled to get out of the bottom third of the table, although reached the advance stages of the FA Cup and League Cup on a number of occasions and also played in the Full Members Cup final in 1992. The club became founder members of the Premier Leaguein 1992 but continued their disappointing performances, despite reaching the 2003 FA Cup Final with Arsenal and losing to a single goal. Southampton were relegated to the Championship in the 2004–05 season, and were quickly relegated again following off-the-pitch problems in 2009. In their first season in League One, Southampton won the League Trophy with an emphatic 4–1 win against Carlisle United. The following season, Southampton were promoted to the Championship as runners-up in League One.
As of the end of the 2011–12 season, the club have spent 35 seasons in the top division of English football, 39 in the second, and 11 in the third. The table details their achievements in all national and international first team competitions, and records their manager, the top goalscorer, the player with the most league appearances and the average home league attendance, for each completed season since their first appearance in the FA Cup in 1891–92.
Competitions.
The club has participated in the following leagues:
The club has participated in the following other first-team tournaments:
Key.
Key to league record:<br>
P – games played<br>
W – games won<br>
D – games drawn<br>
L – games lost<br>
F – goals for<br>
A – goals against<br>
Pts – points<br>
Pos – final position<br>
Key to rounds:<br>
QR2 – second qualifying round<br>
QR3 – third qualifying round<br>
R1 – first round<br>
R2 – second round, etc.<br>
QF – quarter-final<br>
SF – semi-final<br>
Key to divisions:<br>
Div 1 – Football League First Division<br>
Div 2 – Football League Second Division<br>
Div 3 – Football League Third Division<br>
Div 3(S) – Football League Third Division South<br>
Prem – Premier League<br>
Champ – The Championship<br>
One – League One<br>
SL Div 1 – Southern League Division One<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18808327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808327" title="Natalia Paderina">
Natalia Paderina

Natalia Paderina (born November 1, 1975 in Sverdlovsk) is a Russian sport shooter. She won the silver medal in Women's 10m air pistol at the 2008 Summer Olympics. At that event, she shared the podium with bronze medalist Nino Salukvadze of Georgia. Georgia and Russia were at war at the time. They shared a kiss on the podium and called on the two governments to end the war.

</doc>
<doc id="18808331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808331" title="Commander Australia">
Commander Australia

Commander Australia is an Australian telecommunications company formed from a spin-off of Telstra Corporation. At one point in its history it boasted revenues of over A$1 billion. In 2006 Commander embarked on an ambitious Franchising scheme, setting up a pilot “Commander Center” franchise in Tasmania. Over 30 “Commander Centre” franchises were sold Australia-wide until toward the end of 2007 when the franchise model started showing some viability issues. On Friday, 8 August 2008, the company announced to its investors and 1300 staff that it was placed under administrative receivership, owing $360 million to Westpac, Commonwealth and ANZ.
Share price.
Since May 2007 where commanders share price was sitting at $2.45 on the ASX, its share price had fallen to 8.2c at the time it went into administration. On 1 October 2007 the company was put into suspension from official quotation by the ASX due to Commanders failure to lodge reports to the ASX by the deadline. This effectively froze the value at 53c per share. On 18 October 2007 the company reinstated official quotation, within hours the share price halved.
On 30 January 2008 commander made 600 staff redundant. This increased its share price by 10%. However this share price was short lived, with the price back down to 19c within hours.
The share price did not recover and at time the company went into administration the share price was sitting at 8.2c
Sale to M2 Telecommunications.
In June 2009, M2 Telecommunications executed an Asset Sale Deed to acquire the Small & Medium Business assets and associated intellectual property of Commander. M2 paid $19million for the acquisition
The Commander Centre Franchise chain was converted into a Dealer channel, with each individual Franchisee being required to sign a Deed of Release without compensation from Commander or its Administrators. The “Commander Centre” tradename was amongst the assets acquired by M2, who maintained the Commander Centre presence around Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18808375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808375" title="Daouda Sow">
Daouda Sow

Daouda Sow (born January 19, 1983 in Roubaix) is an amateur boxer from France. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the lightweight division. Sow has signed up for the new AIBA professional league, called AIBA Pro Boxing (APB), which will launch in autumn 2013.
Boxing career.
At the first Olympic qualifier the southpaw lost to Ukrainian Oleksandr Klyuchko but qualified at the second tournament.
At Beijing he surprisingly medaled by beating Olympic silver medalist Kim Song-Guk, José Pedraza, local Hu Qing and 2005 world champ Yordenis Ugás and made it to the final. There he was edged out by Russian 2004 Olympic Champion Aleksei Tishchenko 9:11.
Olympic Games results.
2008 (as a lightweight)
World amateur championships results.
2007 (as a lightweight)

</doc>
<doc id="18808376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808376" title="Pak Chol-Min (judoka)">
Pak Chol-Min (judoka)

Pak Chol Min (born September 21, 1982) is a North Korean judoka. He won the bronze medal in the Men's 66 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18808393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808393" title="Leonides S. Virata Memorial School">
Leonides S. Virata Memorial School

The Leonides S. Virata Memorial School (LSVMS), also known as "Virata La Salle", is a Filipino Catholic private school, founded in 1986 and is run under the supervision of La Salle Greenhills. The school is situated inside RTNMC Townsite. The school was named after Leonides Sarao Virata, a respected and distinguished Filipino economist.
History.
1977: RTNMC opened.
1978 - 1979 It made an agreement with the DECS (now DepEd) who provided buildings and equipment for the operation of the Elementary School where Mr. Anastacio A. Villapa has been the principal
LSVMES was born within the management of DECS.
1985 - 1986 The school was privatized and Mr. Edilberto C. Cabataña was the school administrator.
1986 - 1987 LSVMS became a private school under the RTN Foundation.
1989 A Government Recognition permit was granted to the Kindergarten, Elementary and Secondary level
1993 LSVMS became a La Salle supervised school.

</doc>
<doc id="18808409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808409" title="Abdulrazak Ekpoki">
Abdulrazak Ekpoki

Abdul Razak Mohammed Ekpoki (born October 27, 1982 in Kano, Nigeria) is a Nigerian football striker who last played for NK Rovinj.
Career.
He played with Kano Pillars and Plateau United before moving to Egyptian Ismaily. He also played with Malaysian Negeri Sembilan FA and Slovenian NK Ljubljana before coming to Spain to play with Gimnàstic de Tarragona and UD Vecindario. Afterwords he played with HIT Gorica again in Slovenia. In summer 2008 he signed a contract until 30 June 2008 with K.A.A. Gent of the Belgium Jupiler League. He also played with Slovenian NK Drava Ptuj before moving to Vietnam and playing with V-League club Sông Lam Nghệ An. Played 10 league game scored 5 goals and 1 FA CUP game in the final wear he scored the only goal that saw song lam become champions of viietnam 2010.He remained in Vietnam until the end of 2010 before disappearing from the public eye. He resurfaced as a football player in Croatia, joining the ranks of the Treća HNL Zapad team NK Rovinj near the end of 2013.
He is nicknamed "Razak".

</doc>
<doc id="18808436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808436" title="Old Faithful Lodge">
Old Faithful Lodge

Old Faithful Lodge in Yellowstone National Park is located opposite the more famous Old Faithful Inn, facing Old Faithful geyser. The Lodge was built as a series of detached buildings through 1923 and was consolidated into one complex by architect Gilbert Stanley Underwood in 1926-27. The Lodge is included in the Old Faithful Historic District. 
Compared with the Inn, which is a full-service hotel, the Lodge provides only dining, social, administrative and registration services for lodgers, who are accommodated in detached cabins surrounding the Lodge. Several earlier buildings were consolidated by Underwood into the single rambling structure, with the help of National Park Service architect Daniel Ray Hull, in 1926-27.
The Lodge includes a common lobby, dining spaces and a recreation hall, known as Geyser Hall, of log construction in the National Park Service Rustic style. The roof structure of the by Geyser Hall is reminiscent of Gothic wood construction, with a height of to the ridge. The hall is arranged with a central nave-like structure, with subsidiary side aisles.
Accommodations are located behind and to the east of the lodge in "frontier cabins" with en-suite toilets and "budget cabins" with communal toilets and showers. The lodge and cabins are open during the summer season. The cabins are descendents of the original tent camps established by the Shaw and Powell Camping Company in 1913-1915. From 1919 the camp was operated by several owners under the Yellowstone Park Camps Company. Concurrent with the construction of the consolidated Old Faithful Lodge, the camp was acquired by Harry W. Child in 1928 and renamed the Yellowstone Park Lodges & Camps Company. This company was amalgamated with Child's Yellowstone Park Company in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18808447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808447" title="Bill Skwirowski">
Bill Skwirowski

William "Bill" Skwirowski (born in Collie) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Swan Districts in the Western Australian Football League during the 1970s and 1980s.
The son of Tadeusz and Zofia Skwirowski, he started his career at Swan Districts in 1975 after moving from Collie to play in the wing position. He later solidified his position in the team as a defender and was developed by coach John Todd as a tagger He played an important role in the success that Swan Districts experienced during the 1980s.
Skwirowski played in the back pocket for the losing premiership team of 1980 as well as each of the three premierships than Swan Districts won in 1982, 1983 and 1984.
In 1985, Skwirowski represented Western Australia in the state team against South Australia.
Retiring in 1988, he played a total of 207 games and kicked 31 goals.
He is a life member of the Swan Districts Football Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18808449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808449" title="Lake Malone School">
Lake Malone School

Lake Malone School was a school in Muhlenberg County, Kentucky, located between Dunmor and Rosewood. During its 26-year history, the school's only principal was Joseph Wells. Lake Malone School was closed prior to the opening of the bigger Muhlenberg South Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="18808456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808456" title="Martina Krupičková">
Martina Krupičková

Martina Krupičková (Czech pronounced [Kru-pich-kov-ah]) (born 15 September 1975) is a Czech artist who paints in the impressionist style.
Early life.
Martina Krupičková was born in the Czech town of "Světlá nad Sázavou", approx. 100 km from Prague. She was the second child of Helena and Jiří Krupičkovi. The family maintain a 600m2 picturesque garden beside the "Sázava River".
In 1990, one year after the "Velvet Revolution", Krupičková commenced Fashion Design and Textile studies at a prestige school in Brno. These studies, lasting four years, improved her design, drawing and painting skills. However, it would be some time before these would be put into practice as the world was opening up to Czechs, who could now travel abroad relatively easily.
In 1995 Krupičková travelled to London and working as an au pair and spending her leisure time sketching subjects in "St. James's Park". In 1998 she spent six months travelling in the United States. In 1999 Krupičková returned to Prague and started to paint.
Krupičková has since had 15 exhibitions, including a work in the 2008 "Royal Academy" Summer Exhibition.
She was interviewed on Czech Television CT1 Dobre Rano (17 June 2008), and on Czech Television CT1 in the talkshow Všechnopárty (2 June 2009).

</doc>
<doc id="18808464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808464" title="Whispering Hope (album)">
Whispering Hope (album)

Whispering Hope is a 1962 album by Jo Stafford and Gordon MacRae.

</doc>
<doc id="18808465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808465" title="Fleur Jaeggy">
Fleur Jaeggy

Fleur Jaeggy (Zurich, 1940) is a Swiss writer of Italian mother tongue.
Life.
After completing her studies in Switzerland, Jaeggy went to live in Rome, where she met Ingeborg Bachmann and Thomas Bernhard. In 1968 she went to Milan to work for the publisher "Adelphi Edizioni" and married Roberto Calasso. Her first masterpiece was the novel "I beati anni del castigo" (1989). The Times Literary Supplement accounted her novel "Proleterka" as the best book of 2003. She is also a translator into Italian of Marcel Schwob and Thomas de Quincey.
She worked with the Italian musician Franco Battiato, under the pseudonym of Carlotta Wieck.

</doc>
<doc id="18808469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808469" title="Tamasu (corporation)">
Tamasu (corporation)

Butterfly sponsors top-notch players and coaches in different countries such as USA, Korea, Canada, Germany, Japan, Poland, and many more. Butterfly is not only a corporation that supplies table tennis players with equipment and clothes, but also sponsors tournaments, open camps for training, and have clubs located in the Americas.

</doc>
<doc id="18808508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808508" title="Francis Blackwell Mayer">
Francis Blackwell Mayer

Francis Blackwell Mayer (December 27, 1827 – December 5, 1899) was a prominent 19th-century American genre painter from Maryland. While he spent most of his life in that state, he took a trip to the western frontier in the mid-nineteenth century and executed a series of drawings of Native Americans; he also studied in Paris for five years in the 1860s.
Primarily known for his oil paintings and watercolors, he also worked in other media, including pen and crayon drawings, engraving, and illustrating. Many of his work have historic themes.
Early life and education.
Francis (Frank) Blackwell Mayer was born in Baltimore, Maryland, on December 27, 1827, the son of Charles Mayer (1795-1864) and Eliza Blackwell Mayer (1803–1885). He was one of three sons, Henry Christian Mayer (1821–1846), the son of his father with his first wife, and Alfred M. Mayer, who became a noted physicist, being the other two. An uncle, Brantz Mayer, was a noted author.
Frank Blackwell Mayer studied art in Baltimore with Arthur Miller and Ernest Fischer in the 1840s and in Paris with Charles Gleyre and Gustave Brion between 1864 and 1869, specializing in oil paintings and crayon drawings. He lived in Paris from 1862 to 1870, where his artwork was exhibited at annual expositions in both London and Paris.
Early career.
Frank B. Mayer began his work to form the Maryland Art Association on March 14, 1847 and the association met in his studio once a week. He went on to work as an engraver in Philadelphia in 1847 and in 1848 served as the assistant librarian for the Gallery of Fine Arts at the Maryland Historical Society, which his uncle author Brantz Mayer, was heavily involved with, both in its founding and as president. He also made illustrations for his uncle’s books on Mexico. Mayer went on to form the Allston Association with friends for the appreciation of American Artists. Its constitution outlined the usual club regulations and allowed ladies as auxiliary members and outlined the plans for art exhibitions and for assistance given to native artists. He also served on the club’s Board of Directors.
In May 1851, Mayer travelled to Minnesota Territory and observed the signing of the Treaty of Traverse Des Sioux. He wrote extensive journals and made pen and ink drawings of his experiences in the west. This experience was the influence for one of his most famous paintings, “Treaty of Traverse des Sioux, Minnesota” from 1886. Upon his return to Maryland, ten of his watercolors were exhibited by the Artist’s Association of Baltimore at the Maryland Historical Society in 1856.
Artistic career.
After his education in Europe, Mayer received a medal and diploma from the Maryland Institute for his works “Continental” and “Attic Philosopher.” Upon his return to the United States, he settled in Annapolis, Maryland, and resided on Market Street while keeping a studio on Prince George Street. His work included historical paintings, two of which were bought by the State of Maryland and hang in the Maryland State House today, "The Burning of the Peggy Stewart", and the "Planting of the First Colony in Maryland". Additional artwork by Mayer such as the well-known "Annapolis in 1750" was done for private individuals, the Peabody Institute, and the U.S. government.
In 1891, Mayer was commissioned by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to paint "The Founders of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad", representing the railroad's history from its founding in 1827 to 1880. It was displayed at the B&O's headquarters in Baltimore for much of the 20th century. The original painting is now at the headquarters of CSX Transportation in Jacksonville, Florida, the successor railroad to the B&O. A replica is on public display at the B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore.
Life in Annapolis.
In 1876, Mayer purchased a home in historic Annapolis and took an active interest in the city’s improvement. In 1884, Mayer helped found the Local Improvement Association of Annapolis. Mayer was active in landscaping public areas of the city such as the circle around Market Space. He was later a member of the building committee of a new public school and was interested in architecture as well as the history of Annapolis. He conducted research on the "customs and characters" of Annapolis that later formed the basis for a chapter in Elihu S. Riley's "The Ancient City: A History of Annapolis, in Maryland 1649-1887" (Annapolis: Record Printing Office, 1887).
Maryland State House.
Mayer was also involved in improving the Maryland State House grounds in Annapolis. In 1882, he designed a number of changes to the fencing and walkways that were made on the State House grounds. Evidence suggests that Mayer may also have designed the porch for the State House that was contracted in July 1882, since an unsuccessful bid for the construction of the porch submitted by C.C. Woolley refers to Mayer's plan for the work (Notes by Edward. Papenfuse, Maryland State Archivist). In 1884, he wrote a six-page letter to the Senator from Charles County, Dr. F.W. Lancaster, the chairman of the Committee for Public Buildings. In this letter, he requested permission to submit a report to the Committee regarding potential improvements or additions to the State House. He also argued that the original design of the State House represented a pinnacle of architecture and that style must be strictly adhered to in future improvements. “The restoration of this room Senate Chamber to its original appearance is an obligation of duty we owe to ourselves and to the country. The mutilation of this hall is looked upon by all visitors as an act of vandalism and tends to bring our historical renown as one of the ‘original thirteen’ into contempt. I would respectfully suggest the restoration of this room as nearly as possible to its original appearance to be preserved in this condition. . .”
By the mid-1890s, the inside of the State House was also sorely in need of restorative work. It had fallen into such disrepair that wooden timbers were rotting, ceilings were sagging in places, and some of the walls were plastered over. On February 2, 1894, the Maryland State Senate requested that Mayer team up with Baltimore architect John Appleton Wilson to conduct a study of the feasibility of restoring the Old Senate Chamber to the condition it had been in when George Washington resigned his commission as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in 1783. After six weeks of working without pay, Mayer and Wilson reported back to the Senate on March 19, 1894. Their report listed items to be repaired, replaced or reproduced and estimated the total cost to be $6,150. They concluded their report with a recommendation that the work be started immediately. It was not until about eleven years later under Governor Edwin Warfield's leadership that Mayer and Wilson's recommendations were carried out and the Old Senate Chamber was fully restored to a satisfactory condition. Mayer expressed frustration over the legislature’s inaction on the State House, saying in a letter to his agent, John G. Hopkins, that “They went back on me Completely in the State House Annex affairs and chose a very ordinary design in preference to a really beautiful and artistic plan. . . Evidently it was all preordained and shameless.”(Mayer to Hopkins, 20 July 1886).
Personal Life and Death.
Mayer did not take a wife until he was 55 years old, when on February 12, 1883 he married the 27-year-old widow Ellen (or Ella) Benton Brewer. Mayer did not mention any children in his last will and testament of 1896, nor were there any children living at the time of Mayer's death in Annapolis on July 28, 1899. Mayer's body was interred at the Annapolis City Cemetery.
Significant works.
Feast of Mondawmin<br>
Doing and Dreaming<br>
The Nineteenth Century<br>
Annapolis in 1750<br>
Talking Business in 1750<br>
Crowning a Troubadour<br>
Treaty of Traverse des Sioux, Minnesota<br>
The Planting of the Colony of Maryland<br>
The Burning of the Peggy Stewart<br>
Waiting Orders<br>
The Thunder Dance

</doc>
<doc id="18808519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808519" title="Khadakpura">
Khadakpura

Khadakpura is the old area of Kurnool city in Andhra Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="18808525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808525" title="Henri Hogbe Nlend">
Henri Hogbe Nlend

Henri Hogbe Nlend (born 23 December 1939) is a Cameroonian mathematician, university professor, former government minister and presidential candidate.
Biography.
Henri Hogbe Nlend was a Professor at the University of Yaoundé, and at the University of Bordeaux.
In 1976 at a meeting of the International Mathematical Union it was decided to form an African Mathematical Union. Hogbe Nlend was elected as its first president. A post he held until 1986. The AMU was partially funded from another body on Paris which was also chaired by Hogbe Nlend. It was said that he was good at raising funds and that meetings were held twice a year.
Hogbe Nlend was a candidate in the presidential election held on 12 October 1997, which was boycotted by the major opposition parties, and placed second, although he received only 2.9% of the vote. The winning candidate, incumbent President Paul Biya, appointed Nlend as Minister of Scientific and Technical Research after the election.
His text book on the theory on duality topology-bornology and its use in functional analysis has been described as a classic.
Henri Hogbe Nlend is a member of the historical Cameroon party, the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon ("Union des Populations du Cameroun") and leader of one faction of this party. Hogbe Nlend fell out with Augustin Frederic Kodock, the Secretary-General of another UPC faction, in 2002. At the time of the July 2007 parliamentary election, Charly Gabriel Mbock, member of Hogbe Nlend UPC faction and outgoing UPC parliamentary deputy, resigned from the UPC and joined a new party, "National Movement Party", vowing to carry on the struggle for which UPC has stood for, but this was disbanded when differences were resolved a year later, in a reconciliation meeting with the Hogbe Nlend UPC faction. (Kodock claimed in a press conference that Mbock had insufficient support to move this new party forward as he lacked the 500 signatures required by law). In reality, the 1990 Law to constitute an entity for legalisation as a political party in Cameroon does not include this requirement.

</doc>
<doc id="18808527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808527" title="Sawai Station">
Sawai Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Ōme Line from Tachikawa to Oku-Tama.

</doc>
<doc id="18808555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808555" title="General aviation in Europe">
General aviation in Europe

General aviation (GA) has been defined as a civil aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport flight operating to a schedule. Although the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) excludes any form of remunerated aviation from its definition, some commercial operations are often included within the scope of General Aviation (GA). "General aviation" refers to all flights other than military and scheduled airline flights, both private and commercial.
Definitions.
General aviation flights range from gliders and powered parachutes to large, non-scheduled cargo jet flights. The sector operates business jets, rotorcraft, piston and jet-engined fixed-wing aircraft, gliders of all descriptions, and lighter than air craft. Other commercial GA activities are aerial work, such as surveying and air ambulances, and flight training.
The International Civil Aviation Organization defines general aviation as "an aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport operation or an aerial work operation." It defines commercial air transport (CAT) as "an aircraft operation involving the transport of passengers, cargo or mail for remuneration or hire", and aerial work as "an aircraft operation in which an aircraft is used for specialized services such as agriculture, construction, photography, surveying, observation and patrol, search and rescue, aerial advertisement, etc."
Organisations in the United Kingdom (UK) describe GA in less restrictive terms that include elements of commercial aviation. The British Business and General Aviation Association interprets it to be "all aeroplane and helicopter flying except that performed by the major airlines and the Armed Services". The General Aviation Awareness Council applies the description "all Civil Aviation operations other than scheduled air services and non-scheduled air transport operations for remuneration or hire". For the purposes of a strategic review of GA in the UK, the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) defined the scope of GA as "a civil aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport flight operating to a schedule", and considered it necessary to depart from the ICAO definition and include aerial work and minor CAT operations.
The major part of the General Aviation is the Sport and Recreational Aviation.
UK.
Facts 2005:
26,000 GA aircraft registered.
between 1.25 and 1.35 million hours flown.
28,000 Private Pilot Licence holders (for 47,000 Licences in total),
10,000 certified glider pilots. Some of the 19,000 pilots who hold professional licences are also engaged in GA activities.
more than 1,800 aerodromes and landing sites, ranging in size from large regional airports to farm strips, over 80 per cent of GA activity is conducted at 134 of the larger aerodromes.
There are an estimated 27,000 civil aircraft registered in the UK, 96 per cent of which are engaged in GA activities.
In 2005 the GA fleet comprised 9,000 fixed-wing aircraft, 4,100 microlights, 1,300 helicopters, 1,800 airships/balloons, 2,500 gliders and some 7,000 hang gliders.
Estimates put the number of foreign-registered GA aircraft based in the UK at 900.
Regulation.
The objective of regulation is to "promote high standards of safety in all aspects of aviation". Efforts focus on assuring appropriate standards of airworthiness, pilot licensing, the rules for the movement of aircraft and equipment to be carried.
In 2003 the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) was established as the central EU regulator, taking over responsibility for legislating airworthiness and environmental regulation from the national authorities. Proposed developments seek to establish EASA as the single authority throughout the EU, taking over from individual member states the power to regulate all aviation other than that specifically excluded from the scope of EASA.
The EASA launched a working group to update of the regulation. This MDM.032 working group was tasked with developing a concept for better regulation in General Aviation.
European Light Aircraft (ELA).
The main focus is on standards of airworthiness and pilot licensing, and the objective is to promote high standards of safety. At the lighter end of the GA spectrum some regulatory authority is devolved to representative bodies, with gliding currently in transition from a self-regulatory model to more formal governance by EASA.
Airspace regulation necessary to protect an increasing number of commercial air transport (CAT) operations has reduced the area in which GA flights can be freely conducted. The growth in CAT is also making access to larger airports more difficult for the GA sector, and smaller aerodromes are vulnerable to closure and re-development for more profitable uses. The UK planning system has no remit to consider the national significance of GA public transport operations, and generally does not favour the development of smaller aerodromes catering to the GA market.
Evolution of the activity.
The single most common class of aircraft is the fixed-wing light aircraft associated with traditional GA, but the main area of growth over the last 20 years has been in the use of more affordable aircraft, such as microlights, amateur built aeroplanes, and smaller helicopters. The most important recent developments for small aircraft been the introduction of advanced avionics (including GPS) that were formerly found only in large airliners, and the introduction of composite materials to make small aircraft lighter and faster. Ultralight and homebuilt aircraft have also become increasingly popular for recreational use, since in most countries that allow private aviation they are much less expensive than certified aircraft.
GA Safety in Europe.
About three accidents per day are reported in Europe. As the reporting of every GA accidents and incidents is not mandatory everywhere, these figures may be higher. However, most major accidents are likely to be reflected due to involvement of outside authorities. The EASA and the NAAs supports and encourages the collection of light aircraft accident data in order to provide more in-depth statistics and analysis.
In the UK, there were 27 fatal accidents involving GA aircraft in 2007, resulting in the loss of 48 lives. These compare with 16 accidents claiming a total of 19 lives the previous year, and although the 2007 statistics are higher than average, they are not exceptional.

</doc>
<doc id="18808566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808566" title="Kassite language">
Kassite language

Kassite (Cassite) was a language spoken by Kassites in the Zagros Mountains of Iran and southern Mesopotamia from approximately the 18th to the 4th century BC. From the 16th to 12th centuries BC, kings of Kassite origin ruled in Babylon until they were overthrown by Elamites.
Kassites in the Babylonian state used mostly the Semitic Akkadian language of the native Assyrians and Babylonians. Traces of the Kassite language are few: a short Kassite-Akkadian dictionary containing agricultural and technical terms, names of colours etc., and lists of personal names (some names are collated with Semitic equivalents), names of deities and horses. A lack of Kassite texts makes the reconstruction of Kassite grammar impossible at present.
Genetic relations of the Kassite language are unclear, although it is generally agreed that it was not Semitic; relation with Elamite is doubtful. Relationship with or membership in the Hurro-Urartian family has been suggested, based on a number of words.
Morphemes are not known; the words "buri" (ruler) and "burna" (protected) probably have the same root.

</doc>
<doc id="18808591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808591" title="Pads">
Pads

Pads (also called leg guards) are protective equipment used by batters in the sports of cricket and baseball, and by goaltenders in hockey, bandy and lacrosse. They serve to protect the legs from impact by a hard ball or puck at high speed which could otherwise cause injuries to the lower leg.
Cricket.
In cricket, pads fall into two types, batting pads and wicket-keeper's pads. In Test and first-class cricket, the pads are white (to match the rest of the player's whites), while in limited overs cricket they may be coloured.
Batting.
Cricket pads first appeared in the mid 18th century in England. They were developed to protect the lower part of the legs from the hard leather ball that was used to bowl deliveries in the game. The development of pads led to a change in the Laws of Cricket with the addition of the dismissal for LBW. It was introduced in 1774 because batsmen had begun using their pads to deflect balls away from their wickets.
Batting pads protect the shins, knees and the lower thigh. At the base, there is a slot for the foot. Traditional pads were made from canvas which had cotton stuffing inserted between stitched-in cane wood strips that ran vertically up to the knee roll. The material would then be painted white with water-soluble canvas paint. Leather buckles were used to bind the pad to the leg. These natural material pads were quite heavy. By contrast, modern day pads are now made from durable and ultra light synthetic materials such as PVC for the outer and polyesters for the lining. Most pads use three velcro fastening straps making them easily adjustable and removable.
Batting pads are just one of the several protective layers worn by modern-day cricketers while batting. Other pads on the legs include a special knee roll to protect the knees or a thigh pad to protect the upper region of the leg. Within the professional game, players often insert extra padding beneath their pads to limit the impact from fast deliveries which can range in speed from .
Wicketkeeping.
Originally, wicket-keepers used batting pads to protect their legs, but found the knee-protecting flaps interfered with their agility and ability to catch. There were also incidents where the ball lodged in the space between the flap and the wicket-keeper's leg. Modern wicket-keeper's pads are therefore smaller than batting pads, with insignificant knee flaps. Instead of three flaps these modern wicketkeeping pads contain two flaps - one at the bottom and the other one just below the knees.
Other uses.
In stick-and-ball games, players that are exposed to the delivery of fast, hard balls to their legs, arms or body wear pads to protect themselves. The protective wear has led to changes in tactics that would otherwise be impossible without safety equipment.
Ice hockey.
In ice hockey, the goaltender wears large leg pads to protect him from low-down impact by a puck. To prevent these leg pads giving him advantage in defending the goal, there are restrictions on their size, which in recent years have been tightened by the National Hockey League. Traditional ice hockey leg pads were made of leather, but now lighter synthetic materials are used.
Lacrosse.
In lacrosse the goaltender wears leg pads to protect against the impact of shots low down (since the net is fairly low). There are restrictions on the dimensions of these pads, but unlike in ice hockey these relate to the "depth" of the pads.

</doc>
<doc id="18808609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808609" title="The Hits of Jo Stafford">
The Hits of Jo Stafford

The Hits of Jo Stafford is a 1964 album by Jo Stafford, issued by Capitol Records as catalog number ST-1921. It consists of songs she helped make famous, re-recorded in stereo.

</doc>
<doc id="18808610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808610" title="Nawab of Dhaka">
Nawab of Dhaka

The Nawab of Dhaka was the title of the head of the Dhaka Nawab Estate, the largest and richest Muslim zamindari in Bengal. The first Nawab of Dhaka was Khwaja Alimullah who had been installed by the British Raj as head of the estate, which covered modern day Dhaka city and several of its surrounding districts.
In 1952 the East Pakistan Estate Acquisition Act relinquished the title of Nawab. Khwaja Habibullah Khan Bahadur was the last reigning Nawab of Dhaka.

</doc>
<doc id="18808624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808624" title="Cristine Santanna">
Cristine Santanna

Cristine "Saka" Santanna (born May 27, 1979) is a Georgian beach volleyball player of Brazil birth. She is partnered in the 2008 Summer Olympics with Andrezza "Rtvelo" Martins.
Their nicknames mean Georgia in Georgian (Sakartvelo). 
Santanna and her partner Martins' most notable win came when they defeated a Russian opponent in the Beijing Olympics just days after a war between Georgia and Russia started.

</doc>
<doc id="18808638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808638" title="Andrezza Martins">
Andrezza Martins

Andrezza "Rtvelo" Martins (born August 2, 1977) is a Brazilian beach volleyball player representing Georgia. She is partnered in the 2008 Summer Olympics with Cristine "Saka" Santanna. Their nicknames mean Georgia in Georgian (Sakartvelo). Martins and her partner Santanna's most notable win came when they defeated a Russian opponent in the Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18808643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808643" title="Roosevelt Lodge Historic District">
Roosevelt Lodge Historic District

The Roosevelt Lodge Historic District comprises the area around the Roosevelt Lodge in the northern part of Yellowstone National Park, near Tower Junction. The district includes 143 buildings ranging in size from cabins to the Lodge, built beginning in 1919. The Lodge was first conceived as a field laboratory for students and educators conducting research in the park. It later became a camp for tourists, specifically designed to accommodate automobile-borne tourists. The Lodge is a simplified version of the National Park Service Rustic style.
The location is close to the reputed campsites of U.S. Presidents Chester A. Arthur and Theodore Roosevelt. In commemoration of Roosevelt's 1903 visit, a tent camp called Camp Roosevelt was set up by the Wylie Permanent Camping Company.
The lodge was built in 1919, and with the nearby supporting buildings built in subsequent years, was planned to give the ambience of a dude ranch. Significant buildings include:
These structures are surrounded by a variety of utility buildings and visitor cabins. The cabins can be divided into four main types:
The Roosevelt Lodge is located near Tower Junction on the Grand Loop Road, which is itself a National Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18808655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808655" title="List of SR V &quot;Schools&quot; class locomotives">
List of SR V &quot;Schools&quot; class locomotives

Below are the names and numbers of the SR V "Schools" class locomotives designed by Richard Maunsell. Another successful publicity campaign by the Southern Railway when named from 1930 onwards, they represented the public schools of the south of England, initially due to their proximity to the railway that served them. The class naming process consisted of pupils attending these schools visiting "their" engine during the naming ceremonies.
Remaining artefacts of other class members.
When the locomotives were withdrawn from service, BR presented their nameplates to the appropriate schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18808658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808658" title="Bas Kast">
Bas Kast

Bas Kast is a German writer. He studied psychology and biology at the University of Konstanz and with Marvin Minsky at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Kast was a fellow of the prestigious Studienstiftung. After completing his studies, he refused a PhD position to devote himself to writing. Working as a freelancer first for the German weekly newspaper Die Zeit and other magazines, he later became an editor and reporter for the Berlin based newspaper Der Tagesspiegel. His articles have earned him a number of national and international prizes. Kast has written four popular science books, all of which became best selling books that have been translated in numerous languages. He is a close friend of neuroscientist Christian Keysers.

</doc>
<doc id="18808689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808689" title="Peace in the Valley (Jo Stafford album)">
Peace in the Valley (Jo Stafford album)

Peace in the Valley is a 1963 album by Jo Stafford and Gordon MacRae.

</doc>
<doc id="18808717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808717" title="1999 Football League Second Division play-off Final">
1999 Football League Second Division play-off Final

The 1999 Football League Second Division playoff final was a football match played at Wembley Stadium on 30 May 1999, to determine the third and final team to gain promotion from the Second Division to the First Division of The Football League in the 1998–99 season. Gillingham faced Manchester City.
Route to the final.
The match was Gillingham's first ever appearance at the Wembley Stadium. Manchester City, by comparison, had played there on eleven previous occasions in FA Cup and Football League Cup finals. The teams reached the final by defeating Preston North End and Wigan Athletic respectively in the semi-finals.
Match summary.
The match was scoreless until approximately nine minutes from the end, when Carl Asaba gave Gillingham the lead. Robert Taylor added a second five minutes later. With only a few minutes of normal time left, and two goals behind in the game, many City fans considered the game had been lost and began to make their way to the exits. However, Kevin Horlock scored for City to halve the deficit in the 90th minute and, in the fifth minute of added time, Paul Dickov scored an equaliser to send the game into extra time. With no further goals being scored, the match was decided by a penalty shoot-out, which City won to gain promotion.
Given the match's importance as a final to determine league promotion and the highly unlikely turnaround in the final minutes, the game has been regarded as one of the most exciting in English football history and highlights of the game have been repeatedly shown on television. Manchester City fans and other commentators also regard the game as a crucial first step in the club's revival from the third tier of English football to its current status as yearly contenders for the Premier League championship. Gillingham, under new manager Peter Taylor, returned to the play-offs the following year and this time won in extra-time against Wigan. Dickov's goal (after four minutes and nine seconds of injury time) remains the latest goal ever scored prior to the final whistle in a match at the old Wembley Stadium. In a strange coincidence, the Gillingham keeper he scored past, Vince Bartram, had also been the best man at Dickov's wedding. Prior to City's first goal, Bartram had been awarded the man of the match award for making several important saves. Manchester City keeper Nicky Weaver saved two Gillingham penalties and, following his save from Guy Butters which sealed the victory, waved towards his team-mates to join him, but then ran towards the City fans, jumped over an advertising hoarding, and ran half the full length of the pitch before coming back into the centre circle where his team-mates jumped on top of him in celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="18808727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808727" title="Ocnerostoma friesei">
Ocnerostoma friesei

Ocnerostoma friesei is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Europe and Japan. The species closely resembles "Ocnerostoma piniariella".
The wingspan is 8–10 mm. The moth flies in two generations from April to May and again from August to October. .
The larvae feed on Scots Pine.

</doc>
<doc id="18808746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808746" title="Asylbek Talasbayev">
Asylbek Talasbayev

Asylbek Talasbayev (born February 7, 1982) is an amateur boxer from Kyrgyzstan. He qualified to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the lightweight division where he upset Everton Lopes (9:7) but lost to Colombia's Darley Pérez.
Talasbayev also competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He qualified for the 2004 Athens Games as a featherweight (– 57 kg) by ending up in second place in the 2nd AIBA Asian 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Karachi, Pakistan. In the final he lost to Pakistan's Ahmed Sohail.

</doc>
<doc id="18808748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808748" title="Jacobi's four-square theorem">
Jacobi's four-square theorem

In 1834, Carl Gustav Jakob Jacobi found an exact formula for the total number of ways a given positive integer "n" can be represented as the sum of four squares. Two representations are considered different if their terms are in different order or if the integer being squared (not just the square) is different; to illustrate, these are three of the eight different ways to represent 1:
The number of ways to represent n as the sum of four squares is eight times the sum of the divisors of "n" if "n" is odd and 24 times the sum of the odd divisors of "n" if "n" is even (see divisor function), i.e.
Equivalently, it is eight times the sum of all its divisors which are not divisible by 4, i.e.
In particular, for a prime number "p" we have the explicit formula "r"4("p") = 8("p" + 1).
The proof shows that the Theta series for the lattice Z4 is a modular form of a certain level, and hence equals a linear combination of Eisenstein series.

</doc>
<doc id="18808749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808749" title="Robert Jacob Gordon">
Robert Jacob Gordon

Robert Jacob Gordon (29 September 1743 Doesburg, Gelderland – 25 October 1795 Cape Town), was a Dutch explorer, soldier, artist, naturalist and linguist of Scottish descent.
Life.
Robert Jacob Gordon was the son of Maj. General Jacob Gordon of the Scots Brigade (1572–1782) in the service of the Netherlands. Although of Scottish descent, Robert Gordon's allegiance and service lay with the Netherlands. He joined the Dutch Light Dragoons as a cadet in 1753 and enrolled at the University of Harderwijk in 1759. Here he studied in the humanities and soon proved to be of exceptional intelligence with diverse interests. He served at first with the Scots Brigade and later joined the Dutch East India Company, rising to the rank of colonel and commanding the Cape garrison between 1780 and 1795 and lived in the manor house known as Schoonder Sigt (currently known as Flower Street Villa Guest House in Oranjezicht). He went on more expeditions than any other 18th-century explorer of southern Africa. Of the six journeys he undertook, only four between 1777 and 1786 are covered by journals discovered in 1964. He was responsible for naming the Orange River, introducing Merino sheep to the Cape Colony and for the discovery of the remains of Bartolomeu Dias's padrão at Kwaaihoek in 1786. In addition to French, Dutch and English, he spoke Hottentot and Xhosa.
First trip (1773-1774).
During 1772/73 Robert visited the Cape Colony and met Carl Peter Thunberg and Francis Masson. They undertook a trip on foot exploring the mountains between Cape Town and False Bay.
Besides his excursion with Thunberg and Masson, Gordon undertook one long journey during this period at the Cape, but there is no known record of his route.
Second trip (1777-1778).
He returned to the Cape in 1777 with the rank of Captain. He set out on a second trip from 6 October 1777 to 8 March 1778 together with William Paterson, the botanist, collector and affable companion, who soon turned back due to illness, and Johannes Schumacher/Schoemaker, an artist, Gordon left Cape Town for Swellendam. From there via Plattekloof to Beervlei and on to present-day Aberdeen. He continued across the Sneeuwberg to a point slightly west of Colesberg. He then roughly retraced his outbound route as far as the Sneeuwberg, the heading south-east to Cookhouse, from where he made various forays to meet Xhosa chiefs.
One of Gordon's goals on this trip was reaching the Groote River, doing so by going north up the Great Fish, Tarka and Vlekpoort rivers to the confluence of the Groote River with the Caledon.
Schoemaker accompanied Gordon on all his journeys, producing a fine record of their travels and causing present-day confusion as to which sketches are his and which Gordon's. Gordon was a diligent recorder of data such as altitude, compass headings and hours travelled and other information which he would later incorporate in a great map he planned. Paterson recorded that one of his aims on this trip was to meet with Xhosa chiefs near present-day Somerset East.
For most of his journey he followed a well-travelled route, sometimes joined by others going the same way. His equipment was carried by a single wagon, while he was on horseback, ranging across the veld, observing, recording and occasionally hunting.
Third trip (1778).
A third trip. lasting September to October 1778, was made in the company of Governor van Plettenberg to the north-eastern frontiers of the Colony.

</doc>
<doc id="18808750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808750" title="George Frederick Handel (Roubiliac)">
George Frederick Handel (Roubiliac)

This sculpture of composer George Frideric Handel (1685–1759) is by Louis-François Roubiliac (1702–1762). It was commissioned by the impresario Jonathan Tyers for his famous pleasure gardens at Vauxhall. Handel is shown in the guise of Orpheus, holding a lyre. Despite the classical allusion, he wears informal contemporary dress: a soft cap, a long shirt open at the neck, a full loose gown, and slippers, one of which lies beneath his right foot. His post is also casual. He is seated cross-legged, leaning on a pile of bound scores of his works, including Alexander's Feast which was completed the same month the statue was finished. The statue is unprecedented, for not only was the sitter portrayed with startling informality, but it was the first life-size marble depicting a living artist. Until this date such public statues were erected only for monarchs, noblemen or military leaders. Roubiliac was a native of France, although his known surviving work was executed in England. Handel is his earliest known independent sculpture. When it went on display in Vauxhall Gardens in 1738 it proved an immediate success, helping to establish Roubiliac as one of the leading sculptors in England.
Roubiliac was trained in Lyon, later working in Dresden under a leading Baroque sculpture, Balthasar Permoser (1651–1732), and then studying in Paris before moving to London in about 1730. All his known surviving works were executed in Britain. He specialised in portrait busts and funerary monuments, and was renowned for his handling of marble, particularly his creation of subtle surface textures.

</doc>
<doc id="18808753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808753" title="Ocnerostoma piniariella">
Ocnerostoma piniariella

Ocnerostoma piniariella is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Europe. The species closely resembles "Ocnerostoma friesei".
The wingspan is ca. 9 mm. The moth flies in one generation from June to August. .
The larvae feed on Scots Pine.

</doc>
<doc id="18808783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808783" title="Michael Huyghue">
Michael Huyghue

Michael L. Huyghue (born September 21, 1961; pronounced "hewg") is a sports lawyer and businessman and former commissioner of the United Football League, having served in that capacity since the league's founding in 2007. He was previously a member of the legal department of the NFL Players Association before joining the NFL Management Council. Uniquely positioned from having thus worked on both sides of the player/management relationship, he called for the 2011 NFL labor standoff to be settled by keeping the lawyers for both sides out of the negotiating process.
After the formulation of the World League of American Football, the predecessor of NFL Europa, Huyghue joined the Birmingham Fire as general manager. After the league’s demise in 1992, he moved to the Detroit Lions of the National Football League as vice-president, a role he also fulfilled for the expansion Jacksonville Jaguars from 1994 until 2001. Huyghue was also previously a sports agent, managing NFL players such as Adam "Pacman" Jones.
Huyghue is originally from suburban Hartford, Connecticut, a situation that was a factor in his placing a UFL franchise, the Hartford Colonials, in the area. His family is from St. Thomas, United States Virgin Islands. Huyghue was a three-year football and baseball player while at Cornell University, and received a law degree from the University of Michigan. He lives in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida.
Controversy.
On Aug. 16, 2011, Yahoo! Sports reported that Nevin Shapiro, a former University of Miami booster incarcerated for his role in a $930 million Ponzi scheme, was alleging that he had provided "thousands of impermissible benefits to at least 72 University of Miami athletes from 2002 through 2010." In the article, Shapiro claimed that during his time as a University of Miami booster, he also co-owned a sports agency, Axcess Sports & Entertainment, with Huyghue. Shapiro alleged that he introduced Huyghue to several Hurricanes players, leaving it to Huyghue to provide "his own set of extra benefits to athletes as he saw fit, including cash payments, travel and other inducements." Shapiro "told federal prosecutors that’s precisely what Huyghue did, giving multiple illicit benefits, including cash, to several players at Miami."
Huyghue rejected Shapiro's claims. “He’s a convicted felon,” Huyghue said in the same article. “I just don’t want to get into such fantasy. I just wouldn’t want to even go down that path. I don’t even care what he said. Whatever he could say, there’s just no substance to it."
On January 31, 2012, Huyghue resigned as commissioner of the United Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18808787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808787" title="John-Luke Roberts">
John-Luke Roberts

Luke Roberts (born 1985, Newcastle upon Tyne), better known as John-Luke Roberts is a British comedy writer and performer, noted for his BBC 7 sketch series "Spats".
Roberts studied English at Cambridge University while he started in comedy. He entered into the BBC New Comedy Awards in 2005, in which he was a finalist. In 2006, he wrote and starred in his own radio pilot, "Spats". The programme went on to broadcast two series in 2007 and 2008. He has also written for other comedy radio shows, such as "Act Your Age", "The Now Show" and "The News Quiz".
John Luke Roberts also co-founded the successful and regular comedy night, the Alternate Comedy Memorial Society with Thom Tuck. They are not a traditional double act, hosting the show held at the Soho Theatre. He has a whistle, but never uses it. Trademarks of his set include insulting the audience with pre-written insults on cards and being handsome.
John Luke Roberts is the creator behind the BBC comedy video Extreme Amazing Super-Chess! (Chess.). This video has now accumulated over half million views on YouTube.
He is one half of the sketch group The Behemoth, with Nadia Kamil, his girlfriend.
At the 2010 Edinburgh Fringe festival, Roberts's joke "I made a Battenberg where the two colours ran alongside each other. I called it apartheid sponge" was voted one of the 10 worst jokes of the event.

</doc>
<doc id="18808795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808795" title="Eze Nri Òbalíke">
Eze Nri Òbalíke

Eze Nri Òbalíke is the 15th recorded Eze Nri of the Kingdom of Nri in modern day southeastern Nigeria. He is said to have ruled from around the year 1889 till 1936.
History.
Nomination as Eze Nri.
Obalike mentioned a dream as central to his candidacy, as signs were supposedly given to the next Eze Nri spiritually, he is quoted saying:
One night Enwelana, the last Eze Nri, appeared to him and said he was the chosen man; thereupon he proceeded to offer sacrifices.
British rule.
Accompanied by British colonial authority, Christian missionaries, saw the existing ritual system of administration, based on traditional religious faith, as a barrier to the spread of their gospel. When the British continued to take over the administration of the Igbo in 1907, both the forces of the colonial authority and the Christian missionaries focused on destroying the Nri traditional authority. Military attempts to capture Nri and the Eze Nri ended in complete failure. However, forcing Eze Nri Obalike, against a long-standing tradition, to leave Nri town to attend the native at Awka by threatening to commit genocide against the Igbos, was one of the acts designed to achieve this end. Eze Nri Obalike agreed to leave Nri in order to save innocent lives. The government anthropologist, Northcote Thomas, confirmed that when Eze Nri Obalike appeared in the court, ‘the whole assembly rose and prepared to flee’. This is because, that was the first time an Ezenri was seen in person.
The final act of destruction, after the British introduced the warrant Chief system in 1911, was to force all chiefs and community leaders to denounce the Eze Nri. But before then, Eze Nri Obalike was also forced to annul all codes of taboo and abomination still binding the towns to Nri. It was as the result of this hostility that the ritual influence of Nri narrowed to the nearest relations of the kingship. These were made up of Nri (Agukwu, Akamkpisi and Diodo), Enugwu-Ukwu, Nawfia, Enugwu-Agidi and Oruora jointly referred to as Umunri. Though the five towns mentioned above are said to belong to Umu-Nri clan, they are not direct descendants of Nri Ifikuanim.

</doc>
<doc id="18808804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808804" title="Ludovic Baal">
Ludovic Baal

Ludovic Baal (born 24 May 1986 in Paris) is a French footballer playing for RC Lens as a left back.
Club career.
Le Mans.
Ludovic Baal came through the Le Mans youth system, playing 12 games in his first season with Le Mans scoring 1 goal. His impressive performances earned him a spot in the starting 11 playing 38 Ligue 1 matches the following season. Baal scored his first goal against FC Metz, though Le Mans lost 4–3. Baal is known for being a hard full back known for his exceptional physical strength, pace and technique, and has been an important part of the Le Mans team since joining the club. Baal scored his second goal against AC Ajaccio giving Le Mans the 3–0 lead. That night he became the first player to score a goal in the MMArena. 
Lens.
Baal moved from Le Mans to Ligue 2 rivals RC Lens on 10 June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18808805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808805" title="Ryōichi Yazu">
Ryōichi Yazu

Birth and education.
Ryōichi Yazu was born in Buzen, Fukuoka as the son of a village mayor.
He attended primary and middle school in his home village of Iwaya and the city of Buzen.
At the age of 16 he left middle school and travelled to Osaka to pursue his interest in flight, studying mathematics and engineering at a private school in Osaka. 
At the age of 22 he returned to Buzen and began work on a thesis on the mechanics of flight. Two years later he brought the thesis and a model of his calculator on a visit to the novelist and army physician Mori Ōgai.
Impressed, Ōgai wrote recommendations that led to a special research position at the Tokyo Imperial College of Engineering, where he worked on the design of a propeller-driven airplane.
Mechanical calculator.
In March 1902 Yazu applied for a patent on his mechanical calculator, called the
Yazu Arithmometer. It was a gear type calculator with a single cylinder and 22 gears,
capable of arithmetic calculations up to 16 digits, with automatic carry and end of calculation functions. A special feature was that it accepted input in the biquinary number system familiar to users of the soroban (Japanese abacus).
The patent was granted in 1903, and a shop was established to manufacture it. About 200 units were produced and sold, mainly to government agencies, including the Ministry of War, the Home Ministry, the statistics bureau, and agricultural experiment stations, and also to companies such as Nippon Railway.
The calculator was expensive, costing 250 yen, more than ten times the monthly salary of a newspaper reporter or lower-level government official.
Yazu invested the profits in a factory to build his airplane. But that project was abandoned after his untimely death from pleurisy at the age of 31.
One of the calculators is preserved in the Kitakyūshū City Museum of Literature. In 2008 the Yazu Arithmometer was listed as item No. 30 in the Mechanical Engineering Heritage (Japan).

</doc>
<doc id="18808813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808813" title="Xiangxue Eisiti (Hong Kong)">
Xiangxue Eisiti (Hong Kong)

Xiangxue Eisiti () is a Chinese football team played in Hong Kong First Division League. It is the reserve team of Shenzhen Shangqingyin.
Home ground.
Xiangxue Eisiti has wanted to host its games at a Shenzhen sports ground, but after HKFA's inspection, they consider the ground unsuitable to host any league games. Xiangxue Eisiti will play all their home games at Mongkok Stadium or Siu Sai Wan Sports Ground instead. 
Current squad.
As of 7 February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18808830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808830" title="Canephora hirsuta">
Canephora hirsuta

Canephora hirsuta is a moth of the family Psychidae. It is found in Europe. The female has no wings.
The wingspan of the male is 20–25 mm. The moth flies in one generation from May to July.
The larvae feed on shrubs, deciduous trees and herbaceous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18808831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808831" title="2005 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2005 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Xavier Malisse defeated Jiří Novák 7–6(8–6), 6–2 to win the 2005 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships singles event. Ricardo Mello was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18808834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808834" title="USS Burias (AG-69)">
USS Burias (AG-69)

USS "Burias" (AG-69/ARG-13) was a "Basilan"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was heavily armed and converted into a repair ship and spent her career in the South Pacific Ocean. At war's end she was used to transport troops home from the war.
Constructed in Louisiana.
"Burias" (AG-69) was laid down on 11 February 1944 at New Orleans, Louisiana, by the Delta Shipbuilding Company, Inc., under a U.S. Maritime Commission contract (MCE hull 2458) as "Mollie Moore Davis"; launched on 27 March 1944; sponsored by Mrs. Paul L. Jahncke; delivered to the Navy on 24 April 1944; converted for naval service at Mobile, Alabama, by the Alabama Drydock Company; and commissioned there on 9 October 1944, Lt. William M. Aye, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
"Burias" conducted shakedown training in Chesapeake Bay. Following a final outfitting at Norfolk, Virginia, she got underway for the Pacific Ocean early in December. After a month long voyage during which she transited the Panama Canal, the ship arrived at Pearl Harbor on 7 January 1945. 
At the Oahu base, she underwent conversion to an electronics repair ship. She completed the conversion within two months and, early in March, received orders to join that portion of Service Squadron (ServRon) 10 stationed at Saipan in the Mariana Islands. There, she spent the remainder of World War II working in conjunction with and making hull and electronic repairs to warships damaged at Iwo Jima and in the long Okinawa campaign.
End-of-war operations.
She departed Saipan on 30 October 1945 and arrived at Wakayama, Japan, on 5 November. "Burias" took on board servicemen on their way home at Wakayama and got underway for the U.S. West Coast on 10 November 1945. The ship arrived at San Francisco, California, on 28 November and disembarked her passengers. Two days later, she put to sea bound for Bremerton, Washington.
Post-war inactivation.
She reached Bremerton on 3 December and soon began decommissioning preparations. The ship then moved to Seattle, Washington, on 23 January 1946 for the removal of her 20 millimeter antiaircraft guns and of some electronics equipment still on board.
Temporary reactivation.
On 11 February, however, decommissioning preparations stopped, and she got underway for Hawaii with passengers embarked. "Burias" entered Pearl Harbor on 21 February, disembarked her passengers, and resumed stripping operations.
Final dispositioning.
She was placed out of commission at Pearl Harbor on 9 April 1946. "Burias" remained in Hawaii until March 1947 at which time she was towed to San Francisco. Declared surplus to the needs of the Navy late in June, she had her name struck from the Navy List on 17 July 1947. 
On 15 August 1947, the ship was turned over to the U.S. Maritime Commission to be laid up with the National Defense Reserve Fleet group berthed at Suisun Bay, California. She remained there for more than two decades until 2 November 1970 when she was sold to Zidell Explorations, Inc., of Portland, Oregon, for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="18808854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808854" title="Georgian Popescu">
Georgian Popescu

Georgian Popescu (born October 20, 1984) is an amateur boxer from Romania. He qualified to complete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the lightweight division.

</doc>
<doc id="18808856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808856" title="Kirkthorpe">
Kirkthorpe

Kirkthorpe is a village within the City of Wakefield metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire, England. 
Toponymy.
The name "Kirkthorpe" means "outlying or secondary hamlet or farmstead with a church". It is formed of two elements, the first being the Old Scandinavian word "kirkja" ("church") and the second being either the Old English "throp" or the Old Scandinavian "thorp". Both of these potential second elements mean "outlying, dependent or secondary farmstead or hamlet".

</doc>
<doc id="18808858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808858" title="Andy Evans (footballer)">
Andy Evans (footballer)

David Andrew "Andy" Evans (born 25 November 1975 in Aberystwyth), is Welsh former professional footballer who currently plays for Welsh Premier League side Carmarthen Town.
A trainee with Cardiff City, where he won a Welsh Under-21 cap, before drifting through Merthyr Tydfil and Ebbw Vale to Aberystwyth and a job as a postman. At Park Avenue he immediately attracted the interest of First Division Barnsley and a £15,000 transfer fee. But, after just two appearances, he was loaned out to Mansfield Town and Chester City before being allowed to join Stalybridge Celtic, then on to Frickley Athletic, Belper Town and Ossett Town. Rejoined the Seasiders in summer 2006 from Frickley.

</doc>
<doc id="18808873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808873" title="Virginie Arnold">
Virginie Arnold

Virginie Arnold (born December 24, 1979 in Biscarrosse, Landes) is a female archer from France.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Arnold finished her ranking round with a total of 626 points. This gave her the 39th seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Khatuna Lorig in the first round. Lorig won the confrontation between the 39th and 26th seed with 107-105 and Arnold was eliminated.
Together with Bérengère Schuh and Sophie Dodemont she also took part in the team event. With her 626 score from the ranking round combined with the 645 of Schuh and the 632 of Dodemont the French team was in fifth position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 218-211 they were too strong for the Polish team. In the semi final against South Korea they scored only 184 points with the Koreans scoring 213, missing out on the final. They recovered in the bronze medal match and won against Great Britain 203-201 to claim the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="18808874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808874" title="Robert Bouten">
Robert Bouten

Robert Bouten (born November 8, 1984 in Oss) is a Dutch slalom canoer who has competed since the early 2000s. He finished ninth in the K-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18808881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808881" title="Aliasker Bashirov">
Aliasker Bashirov

Aliasker Bashirov (born June 27, 1979) is an amateur boxer from Ashgabat, Turkmenistan who fought at the 2004 and 2008 Olympics at welterweight. 
In 2004 he beat Rolandas Jasevicius but lost his second match to eventual winner Bakhtiyar Artayev. Bashirov qualified for the Athens Games by ending up in second place at the 1st AIBA Asian 2004 Olympic Qualifying Tournament in Guangzhou, PR China. In the final he lost to China's Hanati Silamu. 
At the 2008 Summer Olympics he lost his first bout to Jaoid Chiguer (6:17).

</doc>
<doc id="18808896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808896" title="Sophie Dodemont">
Sophie Dodemont

Sophie Dodemont (born August 30, 1973 in Pont-Sainte-Maxence) is a female archer from France.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing Dodemont finished her ranking round with a total of 632 points. This gave her the 32nd seed for the final competition bracket in which she faced Anja Hitzler in the first round. Hitzler won the confrontation between the 32nd and 33rd seed with 107-106 and Dodemont was eliminated.
Together with Bérengère Schuh and Virginie Arnold she also took part in the team event. With her 632 score from the ranking round combined with the 645 of Schuh and the 626 of Arnold the French team was in fifth position after the ranking round, which gave them a straight seed into the quarter finals. With 218-211 they were too strong for the Polish team. In the semi final against South Korea they scored only 184 points with the Koreans scoring 213, missing out on the final. They recovered in the bronze medal match and won against Great Britain 203-201 to claim the bronze.
Dodemont later converted to the compound discipline, achieving success including a team bronze medal at the 2013 World Archery Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18808898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808898" title="Loron">
Loron

Loron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18808905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808905" title="Joël Tshibamba">
Joël Tshibamba

Joël Omari Tshibamba (born 22 September 1988 in Kinshasa) is a Dutch-Congolese footballer who plays as a forward for Danish Superliga club FC Vestsjælland.
Club career.
NEC.
Tshibamba played for NEC's youth team before making his senior debut for the club in a 2007–08 Eredivisie playoff-match against FC Groningen. For the 2009–10 season, he was sent on loan at the affiliate club FC Oss. 
On 1 December 2009, Tshibamba was sent back to NEC, after it had come clear that he had been struggling with disciplinary problems.
Arka Gdynia.
On 5 January 2010, Tshibamba was given a free transfer by NEC, and about a month later he signed with Arka Gdynia of the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Tshibamba started his Polish adventure well by scoring two times in the first four matches. He helped Arka to win that season against both Cracovia and Wisła Kraków.
Lech Poznań.
On 17 July 2010, Tshibamba signed a contract with the current Polish champions, Lech Poznań. He made his debut for Lech Poznań in the club's 1–0 away loss at Sparta Prague in the 2010–11 UEFA Champions League third qualifying round. In October 2010, he scored his first goal for the club in a 3–1 away loss to Manchester City in the 2010–11 UEFA Europa League.
AEL 1964 FC.
On 16 January 2011, he scored his first goal with the Greek side, in a 2–1 home victory against Iraklis. On 15 June, after a good season with Larissa, he signed a 4-year contract. Although he had shown signs of disciplinary misconduct, the fans attributed that to him needing time to adapt to his new city. He scored his first goal in the 2011–12 campaign in an impressive away 3–0 win against Veria F.C. On 18 December 2011, Tshibamba scored a hat-trick against Anagennisi Epanomi in a 5–2 win. He scored two more goals against Anagennisi Giannitswn. On 23 February 2012, he was given on loan to Krylia Sovetov till the end of the season. On September 2012 Tshibamba returned to AEL 1964 FC. In December 2012, he took permission for absence over Christmas but refused to return. He later claimed that he took this decision due to financial issues about his contract.
Henan Jianye.
On 25 February 2013, Tshibamba was signed by China League One side Henan Jianye. In June 2013, he extended his holiday in private and was sent to reserve team by the club. Tshibamba refused the club's decision and was released at last.
FC Vestsjælland.
On 13 August 2013 Tshibamba signed a 2-year deal with the Danish Superliga side FC Vestsjælland.

</doc>
<doc id="18808912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808912" title="2006 Kabul Premier League">
2006 Kabul Premier League

Statistics of Kabul Premier League in season 2006.
Overview.
Ordu Kabul F.C. won the championship.
Group A.
Top three of group A were:
Group B.
Top three of group B were:

</doc>
<doc id="18808918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808918" title="Ben Norris (comedian)">
Ben Norris (comedian)

Ben Norris is a comedian. He has appeared on a range of different television shows such as "Mock the Week" and "Never Mind the Buzzcocks". He is also the cousin of actor Martin Freeman. He was the warm-up man for the 7th series of "Mock the Week" and had to stand in for Frankie Boyle, who became ill moments before filming started and had to be taken to hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="18808923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808923" title="Epichnopterix plumella">
Epichnopterix plumella

Epichnopterix plumella is a moth of the family Psychidae. It is found in Europe. The female has no wings and remains in the caterpillar bag.
The wingspan of the male is ca. 12 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid April to mid June. .
The larvae feed on various grass species.

</doc>
<doc id="18808933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808933" title="2008 Boxing World Cup">
2008 Boxing World Cup

The 2008 Boxing World Cup is a boxing competition between top ranked boxers in different weight categories. It was held in Moscow, Russia from December 10 to December 14.
New format.
The format for the 2008 competition changed when it was announced that the event would take place under a new format and become a biennial event. Whereas before the competition was between teams, now it will be between the top ranked boxers in their weight categories. The winning country will be the one taking more medals than any other, without any group stages as previously.
Results.
Light Flyweight (– 48 kg).
<br>
Flyweight (– 51 kg).
<br>
Bantamweight (– 54 kg).
<br>
Featherweight (– 57 kg).
<br>
Lightweight (– 60 kg).
<br>
Light-Welterweight (– 64 kg).
<br>
Welterweight (– 69 kg).
<br>
Middleweight (– 75 kg).
<br>
Light-Heavyweight (– 81 kg).
<br>
Heavyweight (– 91 kg).
<br>
Super Heavyweight (+ 91 kg).
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18808936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808936" title="Lao Chongguang">
Lao Chongguang

Lao Chongguang () (1802? - 1867) was a Chinese official during the Qing dynasty and a native of Changsha County, Changsha, Hunan.
Biography.
His grandson is the philosophy of Dr.Lao Sze-Kwang.

</doc>
<doc id="18808943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808943" title="Ariane Herde">
Ariane Herde

Ariane Herde (born December 18, 1979, Iserlohn) is a German-born, Dutch slalom canoer who competed from the late 1990s to the late 2000s. She finished sixth in the K-1 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18808945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808945" title="Claire Smith">
Claire Smith

Claire Smith (born 15 July 1957 in Sydney, Australia) is an archaeologist. She is a Professor with the Department of Archaeology at Flinders University, Adelaide, Australia. She served two terms as President of the World Archaeological Congress, from 2003-2008 and from 2008-2014.
She obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree with First-Class Honours in Archaeology and University Medal from the University of New England in 1990, and a PhD on the "social and material context in an Australian Aboriginal artistic system" from the same university in 1996. After that she held an Australian Research Council Postdoctoral Fellowship and a Fulbright Postdoctoral Fellowship.
Professor Smith specialises in Indigenous archaeology, especially rock art. She works with her anthropologist husband, Gary Jackson. They have conducted long-term fieldwork with Aboriginal people in the Barunga region, Northern Territory, and with the Ngadjuri in South Australia. Smith is politically active within Australia, especially in terms of Indigenous rights.
Claire Smith's books include "Indigenous Archaeologies: decolonising theory and practice", co-edited by H. Martin Wobst, published by Routledge, 2005, "The Archaeologist's Field Handbook", co-authored by Heather Burke, published by Allen and Unwin, 2004, "Archaeology to Delight and Instruct: Active Learning in the University Classroom", published by Left Coast Press, 2007, and "Digging it Up Down Under", co-authored by Heather Burke, published by Springer, 2007. 
Claire Smith is the Editor of the 11-volume "Encyclopedia of Global Archaeology", published by Springer in 2014. She conceived of this work with three principal innovations. The first was that scholars were able to submit entries in their own language. This meant that the best expertise could be accessed, irrespective of whether the scholar was an English-language speaker. Around 140 entries were translated from French, Italian, Portuguese, Russian, and Spanish. In addition, many more entries were submitted by authors whose first language is Chinese, German, Japanese, or Turkish. A second innovation was the inclusion of multiple perspectives on key topics within the environment of an encyclopaedia. A third innovation was to combine print and eReference publication. The continuous augmentation allowed by an online environment should ensure that this encyclopaedia becomes a definitive reference work.

</doc>
<doc id="18808946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808946" title="Cyberattacks during the Russia–Georgia war">
Cyberattacks during the Russia–Georgia war

During the 2008 South Ossetia war a series of cyberattacks swamped and disabled websites of numerous South Ossetian, Russian, Georgian, and Azerbaijani organisations.
Details.
On 5 August 2008, three days before Georgia launched its invasion of South Ossetia, the websites for OSInform News Agency and OSRadio were hacked. The OSinform website at osinform.ru kept its header and logo, but its content was replaced by a feed to the Alania TV website content. Alania TV, a Georgian government supported television station aimed at audiences in South Ossetia, denied any involvement in the hacking of the websites. Dmitry Medoyev, at the time the South Ossetian envoy to Moscow, claimed that Georgia was attempting to cover up information on events which occurred in the lead up to the war.
One such cyber attack caused the Parliament of Georgia and Georgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs websites to be replaced by images comparing Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili to Adolf Hitler.
Other attacks involved denials of service to numerous Georgian and Azerbaijani websites, such as when Russian hackers allegedly disabled the servers of the Azerbaijani Day.Az news agency. The governments of Estonia, Ukraine, and Poland offered technical assistance and mirrored web pages for Georgian websites to use during the attacks.
Analysis.
While Day.az claimed that Russian intelligence services conducted the denial-of-service attacks (DDoS) on Georgian informational and governmental websites through a proxy in this period, the Russian government denied the allegations, stating that it was possible that individuals in Russia or elsewhere had taken it upon themselves to start the attacks. Others asserted that the St. Petersburg-based criminal gang known as the Russian Business Network (RBN) was behind many of these cyber attacks on Georgian and Azerbaijani sites, as it was for the attacks on Estonia in 2007.
In 2008, Gadi Evron, the former chief of Israel's Computer Emergency Response Team, believed the attacks on Georgian internet infrastructure resembled a cyber-riot, rather than cyber-warfare. Security researchers from Greylogic concluded that Russia's GRU and the FSB were likely to have played a key role in co-coordinating and organizing the attacks. 

</doc>
<doc id="18808971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808971" title="17th Space Surveillance Squadron">
17th Space Surveillance Squadron

The United States Air Force's 17th Space Surveillance Squadron (17 SSS) was a space surveillance unit located at RAF Edzell, Scotland. Before its inactivation, the 17th SSS
operated sensors for the Low-Altitude Surveillance System (LASS).
History.
The 17th Space Surveillance Squadron (17 SSS) was originally constituted as the 17th Radar Squadron (17th RS), and activated, on 1 November 1966. The 17th SS operated a radar sensor for the USAF Spacetrack System, first in New Jersey then later tracking People's Republic of China missile launches
and southerly launches from the Soviet Union from Thailand, until its inactivation in May 1976. Reactivating as the 17th Surveillance Squadron (17th SS) on 1 August 1982, the unit provided low-altitude space surveillance until its subsequent inactivation in June 1989. Reactivating again in October 1993, the newly designated 17th Space Surveillance Squadron (17th SSS) operated sensors for the Low-Altitude Space Surveillance System, until its final inactivation and closure of RAF Edzell in 1996. With the inactivation of the 73rd Space Group and closure of RAF Edzell, Scotland, in October 1996, the 5th Space Surveillance Squadron, at RAF Feltwell, United Kingdom incorporated the LASS mission.

</doc>
<doc id="18808988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18808988" title="Anberlin discography">
Anberlin discography

The discography of Anberlin, an American alternative rock band, consists of six studio albums, one extended play, one compilation album and seven singles. Prior to the release of their fourth studio album, Anberlin had sold over 400,000 albums.
Anberlin's first studio album, "Blueprints for the Black Market" (2003), was the first of three to be released on Tooth & Nail Records. The album's lead single "Readyfuels" spurred the album's sales upwards of 60,000 copies, but the album failed to feature on any national charts. The band's second album, "Never Take Friendship Personal" (2005), peaked at No. 144 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 3 on the Top Heatseekers charts. Anberlin's first single to feature on a national chart came from the album, with "Paperthin Hymn" peaking at No. 38 on the Alternative Songs chart. The album went on to sell over 150,000 copies, surpassing the previous album and their eventuating third album.
In December 2006, Anberlin released the "Godspeed EP", featuring the upcoming third album's lead single "Godspeed". Their third album, "Cities", was released in early 2007, peaking at No. 19 on the "Billboard" 200 and selling in excess of 100,000 copies. Following the album's success, the band announced they had signed with major record label Universal Republic. Their final release on Tooth & Nail Records was "Lost Songs", a compilation album of b-sides, demos, acoustics and covers.
Anberlin released their fourth studio album and first on a major label, in September 2008. "New Surrender" peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard 200, the band's highest chart performance. The first single from the album was a re-recording of "Feel Good Drag", which was originally from "Never Take Friendship Personal". It claimed No. 1 on the Alternative Songs chart, after a record 29 weeks in the chart.
Singles.
Notes
Music videos.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18809002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809002" title="Emily Cross">
Emily Cross

Emily Cross (born October 15, 1986) is a U.S. foil fencer who is a member of the 2008 Olympics U.S. Women's foil team. She is best known for helping win the team foil silver medal for the U.S. at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, along with teammates Erinn Smart and Hanna Thompson.
Emily attended the Brearley School in NYC and fenced at first Metropolis Fencing Club and then the NY Fencers Club. Her coach is Michael Petin.
She graduated from Harvard University and is currently attending University of Pennsylvania Medical School.
Career.
Cross competed in her first national tournament at age 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18809007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809007" title="David Grayson (entrepreneur)">
David Grayson (entrepreneur)

David Grayson, C.B.E. is director of the Doughty Centre for Corporate Responsibility at the Cranfield School of Management, Cranfield University and holds the Doughty chair of Corporate Responsibility.
He is a social entrepreneur - starting and / or running a number of public-private-community partnerships. He was co-founder / director of Project North East - an innovative British NGO promoting enterprise and job creation which started in Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the north of England in 1980 and which has now worked in 40 countries. (www.pne.org). He was the founder Principal of the BLU for small business development professionals established by the UK's Business Links and Small Business Service, modelled on corporate universities like the Unipart U.
He was joint Managing-Director of Business in the Community and (www.bitc.org.uk) where he particularly focuses on small businesses as founder chairman of the UK Small Business Consortium. (www.smallbusinessjourney.com) and the international dimensions of responsible business.
He was the joint Managing-Director of the Prince's Youth Business Trust; and the director of The Prince of Wales Award for Innovation. He sat on the board of the UK's Strategic Rail Authority throughout its operational life, where he championed disability access. He was the first Chairman of the National Disability Council and is now a Patron of the disability charity Scope (www.scope.org.uk); and an ambassador for the National Aids Trust (www.nat.org.uk). He is a member of the Public Interest General Council of the Office of Public Management (www.opm.co.uk) He is a contributing editor to The Corporate Citizenship Briefing (www.ccbriefing.co.uk)
He has Master's degrees from the universities of Cambridge and Brussels (ULB, where he was a Wiener - Anspach Foundation Scholar) an MBA from Newcastle; and has an honorary doctorate of laws from London SouthBank University. He was the first German Marshall Fund Employment Fellow. He has been a Visiting Fellow at several UK business schools including Durham and Imperial (Tanaka). He is a Fellow of the RSA and a member of the Faculty of the think-tank: Sustainability. He is a visiting senior fellow at the CSR Initiative of the Kennedy School of Government, Harvard, USA.
He was awarded the OBE for services to industry in 1994 and the CBE for services to disability in 1999. (www.davidgrayson.net)
Selected publications.
A New Mindset for Corporate Sustainability – with BT and Cisco and academics from MIT, IESE, Beijing and Singapore 2008
“Small is sustainable (and beautiful!) – encouraging European smaller enterprises to be sustainable” – David Grayson & Tom Dodd – Doughty Centre 2008
“Should companies do good things?” – Chris Marsden & David Grayson – Doughty Centre 2007
BUSINESS-LED CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COALITIONS:Learning from the example of Business in the Community in the UK - An Insider’s Perspective - David Grayson – 2007 – CSR Initiative, Kennedy School of Government, Harvard
"Corporate Social Opportunity: Seven Steps to make Corporate Social Responsibility work for your business" with Adrian Hodges - Greenleaf - 2004.
"Everybody's Business - Managing Risks and Opportunities in to-day's global society" – with Adrian Hodges - Dorling Kindersley and The Financial Times 2001
Chapters in several other books including "The Accountable Corporation;" the Financial Times’s "Mastering Enterprise;" "The Financial Times Handbook of Management;" "The Directors' Manual;" and "What if?"

</doc>
<doc id="18809037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809037" title="Ndala Ibrahim">
Ndala Ibrahim

Andella Ibrahim (born May 2, 1985 in Akure) is a Nigerian footballer. 
Career.
He played the 2012 season Niger Tornadoes F.C. and represented his team as Team captain. 
The defender left in March 2013 his club Jigawa Golden Stars F.C. and signed for Kaduna United F.C..
International.
Ibrahim presented his country Nigeria at 2001 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="18809056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809056" title="Lunar Soup">
Lunar Soup

Lunar Soup is the second album by Japanese song writer Ayako Ikeda. It was released in Japan on July 6, 2005. This album includes her third, fourth, and fifth singles, , "I will", and , as well as an acoustic re-release of her second single, "Life".
Track listing.
All lead vocals were sung by Ayako Ikeda, and arranged by Tatoo.

</doc>
<doc id="18809057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809057" title="Virgil Miller">
Virgil Miller

Virgil Miller (December 20, 1886 - October 5, 1974) was an American cinematographer who was the director of photography for 157 films between 1917 and 1956.
Born in Coffeen, Illinois, Miller's credits include "The Phantom of the Opera" (1924), "Navajo" (1952), "Danger - Love at Work", "Mr. Moto Takes a Chance", "The Mummy's Curse", "Crazylegs", and six Charlie Chan films. 
Miller published his autobiography, "Splinters from Hollywood Tripods", in 1964. Prior to working for Universal Studios and, eventually, most other major studios, Miller was a graduate from and a professor at Kansas State University teaching physics and electrical engineering. In 1913, Miller became the first director and founder of the electrical department of Universal Studios. Best known for being one of the first to use electrical lights to film indoors and at night. In 1915, he filmed on location in San Francisco, CA for the World's Fair; one of the earliest "on location" scenes filmed. He also coordinated very early special effects including filming stampedes, explosions, and shrinking people. He was nominated for an Academy Award for the documentary, Navajo in 1952.
He was first married to Myrtle Bower. Together they had 5 boys: Joaquin, Wendell, Harlan "Lee", Lauren, and Donald. He and Myrtle divorced and Miller later remarried. He died in Hollywood, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18809077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809077" title="Rangemore">
Rangemore

Rangemore is a village in the borough of East Staffordshire, situated approximately west of the town of Burton upon Trent, on a ridge of high ground about a mile due west of the village of Tatenhill.
Rangemore is in Needwood Forest, which is part of the National Forest.
The Church of England parish church of All Saints belongs to the Diocese of Lichfield. The church was designed by the Gothic Revival architect William Butterfield for Thomas Bass and built in 1866-67. The chancel was designed by G.F. Bodley and added in 1895.
The National Football Centre (NFC) of the English National Team received planning permission and funding from the Football Association in late 2010 to develop the nearby Byrkley Lodge site.
Rangemore Hall.
Rangemore Hall was rebuilt in the late 1850s, around an earlier 1822 core, for Michael Bass, head of the brewery Bass, Ratcliff and Gretton, and was first occupied in 1860. His son Lord Burton reconstructed and extended the house (adding the Edward VII south wing), in Italianate style in 1898-1901 for a visit of King Edward VII in 1902 (with a second visit on 5 January 1907, including Queen Alexandra and Mrs Alice Keppel, the King's mistress). 
The grounds, which include a lake, were landscaped by Sir Joseph Paxton and later by Edward Milner. Nellie Lisa Bass sold the Hall to Staffordshire County Council in 1949 for £40,000. Rangemore Hall operated as Needwood School for the Partially Deaf from 1954 to 1985. The Hall was then converted into 8 wings and apartments, the main one being the Edward VII Wing, with others including the Ewing Wing, the Keppel Suite and the Paxton Suite; with other homes being converted from the remaining estate buildings, such as the Orangery. In March 2006 the Edward VII Wing was purchased by Hilary Devey for £2m. In 2013, it was put on the market for £1.95M. 

</doc>
<doc id="18809078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809078" title="Robert Appelbaum">
Robert Appelbaum

Robert Appelbaum (born 2 February 1952) is an award-winning literary critic specializing in early modern writing, food studies, and terrorism studies. He teaches in the Department of English at Uppsala University, in Sweden.
Biography.
Born in Brooklyn, New York to a working-class family, he spent much of his life moving about. Cleveland, Ohio, Chicago, Illinois, Paris, France, San Francisco, California, Cincinnati, Ohio, San Diego, California, Birmingham, Alabama, Middletown, Connecticut, and Lancaster, England are among the places he has lived. He has worked as a steel mill laborer, a director of a Berlitz School of Languages, an art dealer, and a limousine driver as well as teacher, writer, and editor. Early in his career he published a small amount of experimental fiction, but he has since established himself as an expert on the literature of the Renaissance.
He received a B.A. from the University of Chicago in Tutorial Studies in 1975, an M.A. in English Literature at San Francisco State University in 1989, and a Ph.D. in English from the University of California, Berkeley, where he worked under the supervision of Stephen Greenblatt.
In 2007 he received the Roland H. Bainton Prize for "Aguecheek's Beef, Belch's Hiccup, and Other Gastronomic Interjection: Literature, Culture, and Food Among the Early Moderns." In that same year he was awarded a Leverhulme Research Fellowship for a study entitled Terrorism Before the Letter: Literatures of Political Violence in Britain and France, 1559–1642. The following year he received an AHRC award to complete a book on the literature and culture of restaurants. That project has led to the 2011 volume, "Dishing It Out: In Search of the Restaurant Experience" (London: Reaktion). In 2011 he left his position as a Senior Lecturer In Renaissance Studies at Lancaster University to take up a Chair as Professor of English Literature at Uppsala University.

</doc>
<doc id="18809118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809118" title="Nick De Ruiz">
Nick De Ruiz

Nick De Ruiz (1868 – 21 June 1959), was an American actor. He appeared in 36 films between 1920 and 1938.
He was born in Santa Barbara, California, USA and died in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18809132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809132" title="Green hand">
Green hand

A green hand may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18809180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809180" title="Jean Danet">
Jean Danet

Jean Danet (14 January 1924 – 15 October 2001), was a French actor, activist, and gay theorist. He appeared in 27 films between 1942 and 1983.
Danet was born in Auray, Brittany, France. Following World War II, he began work in films. He founded Tréteaux de France in 1959. He was a participant in the program Sexual Morality and the Law with Michel Foucault, debating age of consent reform in France. Danet died in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18809185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809185" title="Bill Hurst">
Bill Hurst

William Hansel Hurst (born April 28, 1970, in Miami Beach, Florida) is a former Major League Baseball player. 
Hurst played for Palmetto High School in Miami, and then for Central Florida Community College.
Drafted by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 20th round of the 1989 amateur entry draft, on December 10, 1992, he was released by the Cardinals. On March 12, 1995, he signed as a free agent with the Florida Marlins. 
He started 1996 by saving 30 games with a 2.20 ERA for the Portland Sea Dogs of the Eastern League. He debuted in the majors on September 18, 1996. Hurst pitched in two games for the Florida Marlins in the 1996 season. He pitched two innings and had one strike out, with a walk, and not allowing a run to score.
Hurst is Jewish, and appears in the fifth edition of Jewish Major Leaguers baseball cards.[http://www.jewishtribune.ca/TribuneV2/index.php/200903031391/Fifth-issue-in-baseball-series-honours-record-setters-08-big-leaguers.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18809203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809203" title="Harry Paye">
Harry Paye

Henry Paye (died 1419), also known as Harry, Page or Arripaye (to the Spanish), was a privateer and smuggler from Poole, Dorset in the late 14th and early 15th century, who became a commander in the Cinque Ports fleet.
Paye led naval raids along the coast of France and Spain from Normandy through to the Bay of Biscay and Cape Finisterre. He burnt Gijon and Finisterra to the ground, taking many prisoners and exacting ransoms, and in 1398 he raided the Church of Saint Mary in Finisterra and stole a valuable crucifix. He also helped quell the Welsh revolts brought about by Owain Glyndŵr, defeating a French fleet sent to aid the uprising.
In 1405, a combined fleet of French and Spanish ships attacked Paye's native town of Poole in retaliation for Paye's raids. The attackers looted arms and stores and set fire to a warehouse before they were driven back to their ships by the townspeople. Although Paye was not present in Poole during the raid, his brother was among those killed by the attackers. During an expedition in 1406, he captured 120 French prizes off the coast of Brittany laden with iron, salt and oil. 
Paye died in 1419 and was buried in the parish church at Faversham, Kent, where under the name of 'Henry Pay, Armiger' his death is recorded by a monumental brass which includes a coat of arms, paly, a mascle voided and flory".
Paye is celebrated in the annual "Harry Paye Charity Fun Day" parade held in Poole every June, while Rosemary Manning wrote a children's novel based on his life, "Arripay" (1963).

</doc>
<doc id="18809207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809207" title="Fonda Metassa">
Fonda Metassa

Fonda Metassa is an Australian former rugby league footballer. Known as "the Golden Greek", he played in the Brisbane Rugby League premiership for Fortitude Valley and Norths, and in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the 1960s.
A powerful winger, Metassa played two seasons (1960 and 1961) for South Sydney. He became a part of Brisbane Rugby League folklore when he famously burst from the back of an ambulance to return to the field at Lang Park after being carted off injured in a match for Norths against Redcliffe. Metassa also played one match for Queensland against Great Britain in 1966. The following season he played in Norths' Brisbane Rugby League grand final loss to Brothers.
Metassa was part of the 1969 BRL premiership-winning Norths side.
Metassa later worked as a television presenter.
In 2008, Metassa was named on the wing of an all-time greatest Norths Devils team.

</doc>
<doc id="18809231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809231" title="Port Orchard Marina">
Port Orchard Marina

Popular Port Orchard Marina is located 1 mile away from Bremerton, across Sinclair Inlet. Approaching from the northwest, boaters will find the marked entry channel leading to the marina.
The marina is a public marina with an accessible pumpout. The facility is open year round. Hours of operation are Monday through Sunday, from 8am to 5pm. A slip is available for pumpout usage. Access to this pumpout is limited to vessels with a length of no more than 100 feet. There is a stationary pumpout. The stationary pumpout is located near the fuel dock. There is a portable pumpout. The portable pumpout is only used for backup. This facility has a Porta-Potty dump station. The porta potty dumpstation is located on the dock.
Marine Services.
Gasoline and diesel fuel can be purchased on site. Over night moorage is available for a fee. The guest dock is 3000 feet in length. There are 44 guest moorage slips available. The total estimated guest boat capacity is 180. Electrical hook up is available for a fee. Electrical power is available in 30 and 50 amps. It has been reported the minimum depth at mean low tide is 30.

</doc>
<doc id="18809308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809308" title="Pedro Pablo León">
Pedro Pablo León

Pedro Pablo León García (born March 6, 1943), also known as Pedro "Perico" León, is a retired Peruvian footballer.
Career.
León made 49 appearances for the Peru national football team between 1963 and 1973. He then started in the 1970 FIFA World Cup for the Peru national football team, along with Teofilo Cubillas, Roberto Challe and Hugo Sotil.
At club level, León played most of his career for Alianza Lima in Peru. He also played in Ecuador for Barcelona Sporting Club and Deportivo Galicia.
"Perico" León was a strong striker of playful skills and a unique ability to effectively use the score with his head. His ability to create technical plays often allowed him to go back and aid his team mates, thus making him quite a complete player with the possibility to serve as both a good midfielder and an excellent forward. Due to this, Pedro Pablo León is often considered one of the best forwards in the history of Peruvian football.

</doc>
<doc id="18809313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809313" title="1988 National Soccer League">
1988 National Soccer League

The 1988 National Soccer League season, was the 12th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Marconi Fairfield won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809325" title="1989 National Soccer League">
1989 National Soccer League

The 1989 National Soccer League season, was the 13th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Marconi Fairfield won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809340" title="Randy Hunt">
Randy Hunt

James Randall Hunt (born January 3, 1960 in Prattville, Alabama) is a former Major League Baseball catcher. Hunt made his debut with the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1985 season. He had three hits in 19 at-bats in a total of 14 games. He moved to the Montreal Expos in the 1986 season. Hunt played in 21 games in 1986, with ten hits in 48 at-bats.
In a two season career, he had a batting average of .194, with two career home runs.

</doc>
<doc id="18809344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809344" title="1989–90 National Soccer League">
1989–90 National Soccer League

The 1989–90 National Soccer League season, was the 14th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Sydney Olympic won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809356" title="1990–91 National Soccer League">
1990–91 National Soccer League

The 1990–91 National Soccer League season, was the 15th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and South Melbourne won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809370" title="1991–92 National Soccer League">
1991–92 National Soccer League

The 1991–92 National Soccer League season, was the 16th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
The 1991/92 National Soccer League season saw fourteen teams compete with Adelaide City winning the championship after defeating Melbourne Croatia in the grand final on a penalty shootout 4-2 after the scores were locked at 0-0 after full-time and extra time at Olympic Park, Melbourne in front of 15,463 fans. Melbourne Croatia were named premiers after finishing the home-and-away season on top of the table one point clear ahead of Sydney Olympic. 
This was the only season future socceroos goalkeeper Mark Bosnich, strikers Paul Agostino and John Aloisi would compete in the National Soccer League. Bosnich, signed from Manchester United, would make five appearances for his junior club Sydney Croatia before heading back to England to play for Aston Villa.Agostino, at age sixteen, would make seventeen appearances and score six goals with West Adelaide before heading to Switzerland to play for BSC Young Boys and John Aloisi would make one appearance for Adelaide City before heading to Standard Liege in Belgium. Other significant signings included former Hong Kong international striker Tim Bredbury signing with Sydney Olympic who would finish the season joint top goal scorer with fifteen goals.
This would be the final season in the National Soccer League for A.P.I.A. Leichhardt as they fell into financial troubles and went down to the NSW Super League in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18809371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809371" title="2006 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2006 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Xavier Malisse was the defending champion but lost in the final 6–3, 3–6, 7–6(7–5) against Tommy Haas.

</doc>
<doc id="18809429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809429" title="Amaya Valdemoro">
Amaya Valdemoro

Amaya Valdemoro Madariaga (Alcobendas, Community of Madrid on August 18, 1976) is a Spanish former basketball player. She won three WNBA championship rings and competed in two Olympic Games - Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008. 
WNBA.
Valdemoro was selected with the 30th overall pick (3rd round) in the 1998 WNBA Draft by the Houston Comets. She played with the Comets from 1998–2000, winning championships in each of those three seasons.
National team.
Valdemoro has played in two Summer Olympics with the Spain women's national basketball team at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. She was voted MVP of the EuroBasket Women 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18809435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809435" title="1992–93 National Soccer League">
1992–93 National Soccer League

The 1992–93 National Soccer League season, was the 17th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Marconi Fairfield won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809436" title="Chengcing Lake">
Chengcing Lake

Chengcing Lake (), also known as the Cheng Ching Lake, Dabei Lake (大貝湖), or Toapi Lake () in Taiwanese, is an artificial lake located in Niaosong, Kaohsiung, Taiwan. The lake is not far from downtown Kaohsiung and the major suburban district of Fengshan. The lake is a source of the water supply network and a tourist area of the Kaohsiung region.
Park and aquarium.
A portion of the lake with its shore is administrated as a gated park. A chateau of Chiang Kai-shek, the former president and military leader of Taiwan, is located in the park. Around the lake shore, Chiang also established an underground military headquarters, which has been adapted into a public aquarium, the Cheng Ching Lake Exotic Marine Life Museum. It was originally built as an underground tunnel in 1961, as protection against a nuclear attack.
The Bridge of Nine Turns across the lake was built in 1960. It is 230 meters in length by 2.5 meters wide, including nine right-angled turns.
The restored Jhongsing Pagoda the lake area's tallest structure, standing 43 meters high, with good views from the top, which can be reached via winding stairs.
After Mainland China fell under the control of the Chinese Communist Party in 1949, General Huang Chieh led 30,000 Republic of China Army soldiers to Vietnam and they were stationed at Phu Quoc Island. Later, the army moved to Taiwan in June, 1953. There is currently a small island in Chengcing Lake that was constructed in November 1955 and named Phu Quoc Island (富國島) in memory of the fleeing Chinese soldiers in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="18809437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809437" title="Cyril Panther">
Cyril Panther

Cyril Panther (born 6 June 1938 in Nigeria) was a Nigerian boxer.
Career.
Panther moved to Great Britain from Nigeria on the advice of his manager and his first fight was a defeat to Willie Hart in 1962. Problems with his cataract led to him becoming blind. He finished his boxing career in 1972 after fighting on 45 occasions.
Personal life.
His son is Scottish footballer Emmanuel Panther.

</doc>
<doc id="18809461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809461" title="Thiéry">
Thiéry

Thiéry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18809464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809464" title="Cheyenne Warrior">
Cheyenne Warrior

Cheyenne Warrior is a 1994 film starring Kelly Preston, Dan Haggerty, and Pato Hoffmann and was directed by Mark Griffiths. This film is based on a screenplay by Michael B. Druxman and follows the struggle of a widowed, pregnant woman who is stranded at a trading post during the American Civil War.
Runtime - 90 min. Production by Libra Pictures. Executive producer - Roger Corman. Music by Arthur Kempel. Cinematography by Blake T. Evans. Editor - Roderick Davis.
Plot summary.
As war is brewing between the Union and the Confederacy, Matthew and Rebecca are travelling west to start a new life in Oregon. Along the way, they stop at a remote trading post, where they meet up with some Cheyenne Indians. Though the Cheyenne are friendly toward the pioneers, Matthew doesn't like them and warns a group of hunters that hostile Indians are preparing for an attack. In the confrontation that results, only a pregnant Rebecca and a single wounded Cheyenne warrior named Hawk are left alive. As the winter closes in, and the two are forced to rely on each other for survival, they begin to understand and even feel affection for each other.

</doc>
<doc id="18809467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809467" title="1993–94 National Soccer League">
1993–94 National Soccer League

The 1993–94 National Soccer League season, was the 18th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed by 14 teams. Adelaide City won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809468" title="The Black Mask">
The Black Mask

The Black Mask (published in some countries as Raffles: Further Adventures of the Amateur Cracksman) is the second collection of stories written by Ernest William Hornung in the A. J. Raffles series concerning a gentleman thief in late Victorian London. It was first published in 1901.
The Short Stories contained in the collection are:
Several of the stories were adapted for the 1977 Raffles television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18809473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809473" title="Renée Schwarzenbach-Wille">
Renée Schwarzenbach-Wille

Renée Schwarzenbach-Wille (born 1883 in Thun, Switzerland; died 1959 in Konstanz) was a Swiss photographer.
Life.
Renée Schwarzenbach was the daughter of Swiss General Ulrich Wille and Clara Countess Bismarck, which meant she was a granddaughter of Count Friedrich Wilhelm Bismarck (1783-1860), the famous German soldier, writer and diplomat. Her father was head of the Swiss army during World War 1. In 1904 she married Alfred Schwarzenbach, a wealthy businessman in the silk industry. They had five children. 
She lived an intensive life without compromise. She was a passionate horsewoman, photographer (which she first became interested in at the age of 14) and music-lover—in particular of Wagner. After her marriage she chronicled the family life on their country estate in a detailed photographic diary—at her death she had filled 64 photo-albums. Although she devoted herself to her husband and family she also had a long-term affair with the German opera singer Emmy Krüger. 
Although she documented her short life, she had a difficult relationship with her second daughter Annemarie, writer, photographer, traveller and drug-addict, partly due to her (Renée's) controversial right-wing views. 
Renée held political sympathies towards Germany, whether the Kaiser, Hitler or Adenauer was in power. During her many stays in Munich with her mistress, she saw the rise of Nazism as a way of overcoming the humiliating Treaty of Versailles. After World War 2 she helped out those Germans who had fled to Switzerland to escape the Allies.

</doc>
<doc id="18809492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809492" title="John Bohnet">
John Bohnet

John Kelly Bohnet (born January 18, 1961) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for one season. He played for the Cleveland Indians.

</doc>
<doc id="18809494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809494" title="1994–95 National Soccer League">
1994–95 National Soccer League

The 1994–95 National Soccer League season, was the 19th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 13 teams, and Melbourne Knights won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809496" title="List of governors of Ceuta">
List of governors of Ceuta

This is a list of Governors (General captains) of the city of Ceuta, including those under Portuguese control from its conquest by King John I of Portugal, in 1415, until 1640. After this it was under Spanish control.
Since 1640, Ceuta didn't recognize the Portuguese sovereignty, becoming controlled by Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18809512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809512" title="1995–96 National Soccer League">
1995–96 National Soccer League

The 1995–96 National Soccer League season, was the 20th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 12 teams, and Melbourne Knights won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809515" title="Telelocator Alphanumeric Protocol">
Telelocator Alphanumeric Protocol

Telelocator Alphanumeric Protocol (TAP) is an industry-standard protocol for sending short messages via a land-line modem to a provider of pager and/or SMS services, for onward transmission to pagers and mobile phones.
TAP, initially known as Motorola Page Entry (PET) was adopted in September 1988, by the Personal Communication Industry Association. TAP defines an industry standard for sending alphanumeric messages to pagers.
TAP was also known as IXO protocol. Originally, devices like the IXO Device were used to send Alphanumeric Pages using TAP. Later, Motorola would create a similar device called the AlphaMate.
TAP Communication Protocol.
The standard protocol is ASCII with XON/XOFF flow control, using a 10-bit code (1 start bit, 7 data bits, even parity, 1 stop bit). No echo shall be employed in full duplex mode.

</doc>
<doc id="18809525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809525" title="1996–97 National Soccer League">
1996–97 National Soccer League

The 1996–97 National Soccer League season, was the 21st season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and Brisbane Strikers won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809530" title="Hank Kanalz">
Hank Kanalz

Hank Kanalz is an American comic book writer and editor.
Kanalz is the Senior Vice President of Vertigo and Integrated Publishing at DC Comics. He was formerly General Manager of the WildStorm brand for DC Comics.
Biography.
Through the late 1980s and 1990s Kanalz wrote various comics for publishers like DC Comics, but especially Malibu Comics. He designed the iconic "I" symbol for Image Comics,
Prior to joining WildStorm in 2004, he held the position of Director of Worldwide Theme Parks for Warner Bros.
He edited the "World of Warcraft" comic book as well as co-editing the "Fringe" comic with Ben Abernathy, in addition to his General Manager duties. These duties in 2009 involved making sure the various aspects of the Wildstorm publications, the Wildstorm Universe titles, creator-owned comic books and the comics based on licensed properties are all coming out on time, following some problems and lulls in publications in previous years.
Bibliography.
Comics he has written include:

</doc>
<doc id="18809537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809537" title="1997–98 National Soccer League">
1997–98 National Soccer League

The 1997–98 National Soccer League season, was the 22nd season of the National Soccer League in Australia.
Overview.
It was performed in 14 teams, and South Melbourne won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18809543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18809543" title="Knickerbocker, Texas">
Knickerbocker, Texas

Knickerbocker is an unincorporated community in southwestern Tom Green County, Texas, United States. It lies along FM 2335 southwest of the city of San Angelo, the county seat of Tom Green County. Its elevation is 2,051 feet (625 m). Although Knickerbocker is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 76939.
Named for Washington Irving's character Diedrich Knickerbocker by early settlers related to Irving, the community quickly became significant, being the most important community in the county aside from San Angelo. Agriculture was long the community's mainstay, between grain farming and sheep ranching. The first settlers in the area arrived in 1875, and the first townsite was established along Dove Creek; Knickerbocker's post office was established in 1881 and rebuilt in 1896 and 1936. The community was moved in 1889 around a nearby hill in order to have better access to water. Local children were able to attend school in Knickerbocker starting in 1889, but the school was closed and merged into Christoval's system in 1956.

</doc>
