<doc id="18746021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746021" title="Signorinette">
Signorinette

Signorinette is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Carla Del Poggio.

</doc>
<doc id="18746030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746030" title="S34">
S34

S34 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18746080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746080" title="Katrina del Mar">
Katrina del Mar

Katrina del Mar is a photographer and filmmaker based in New York City. Her films have been screened at numerous festivals and del Mar has received several awards and fellowships, including the New York Foundation for the Arts (NYFA) Fellowship in Video. Del Mar's portraits have been noted for their intensity of character and have been used by music labels (Sony, Polygram, V2), books, and other mediums. As a filmmaker her credits include (as Producer/Director) Surf Gang, Gang Girls 2000, Non Dairy Creamer and Nothin' Pretty. She is currently in production of a feature documentary project entitled American Toughie, and has invited comparisons to American avant-garde filmmaker Kenneth Anger. Recent work has included music videos that have been accepted to MTV/ Logo Networks: "Bringin Me Down" (2009) and "Brooklyn Girls" (2009) for groups GSX and Hooray for Goodbye respectively. Del Mar's next highly anticipated film endeavor entitled “Hell on Wheels, Gang Girls Forever” is currently in production with a projected completion in September 2009 and is, as usual, seen from the unique eyes of Katrina del Mar.

</doc>
<doc id="18746094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746094" title="Martina Milburn">
Martina Milburn

Martina Milburn CBE (born 1957) is the Chief Executive of The Prince's Trust.
Early career.
Milburn started a career as a journalist, but then worked freelance for a number of charities including CAFOD.
She also worked as a researcher on a number of BBC television appeals, including Challenge Anneka from Malawi, Going Live and Blue Peter specials from Jamaica.
In 1993 she became the Chief Executive of the Association of Spinal Injury Research Rehabilitation and Reintegration (ASPIRE) charity for seven years, where she ensured that the Aspire National Training Centre was completed on time and on budget. 
In July 2000 she became the Chief Executive of the BBC Children in Need Appeal.
Prince's Trust.
In May 2004 Milburn became Chief Executive of The Prince's Trust, succeeding Sir Tom Shebbeare who had been at the Prince's Trust for 16 years. 
Milburn regularly speaks publicly about the Prince's Trust's work with young people and in August 2008, spoke of how research suggested that young people are creating their own "youth communities" and gangs. At the same time the Prince's Trust was running a campaign, Change the Record, to counter the negative images that the media give about young people. Milburn has also explained how The Prince's Trust's Team programme is part of a joined up package of support which helps three in four young people to achieve positive outcomes. She said about The Prince's Trust Team program in 2008 that "Our great worry was that, on The Prince’s Trust Team programme, you took them through the 12 weeks, you built up their expectation and they fell off the cliff face. 
When Milburn joined the Prince's Trust in 2004, the charity was helping 41,680 young people a year, and by 2007-08 41,324. During Milburn's time as chief executive the charity has increasingly directed its help to young people who are long term unemployed, and the charity has increasingly measured its success as an organisation by how many young people they have got off the unemployment register, by getting them into some employment, training or education. This figure has risen over four years from 76% to 79%. 
Milburn regularly attends high profile royal events as the representative of the Prince's Trust.
Milburn was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to charity.
Media Trust.
Milburn has been a trustee of Media Trust, the UK's leading communications charity, since October 2009. 
Personal life.
Milburn is the eldest of five sisters. 
She has been married twice, and her current husband Keith works for the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). 

</doc>
<doc id="18746110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746110" title="Martillo Vago">
Martillo Vago

Peter Faulhammer, also known as Martillo Vago, was a member of Sash!. Martillo Vago is a transliteration of Faulhammer's last name. 
Martillo Vago's hits include "Que es la vida". Under the name Peter Faulhammer, he is featured alongside Rodriguez in Sash!'s international hit "Adelante" where he is credited wit his name Peter Faulhammer.
He inspired another group called Ovni Vago with expected release "Por qué no podéis", which is actually a metaphore of the desire of the fans.

</doc>
<doc id="18746129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746129" title="V-Man">
V-Man

V-Man is a fictional patriotic-themed superhero character who first appeared in January, 1942. His name, and the large letter V on his costume, come from the “V for Victory” symbolism that had proliferated throughout the United States and Europe during World War II.
History.
V-Man debuted in the first issue of Fox Feature Syndicate’s "V Comics"; the title is often listed as “"V...– Comics"” because three dots and a dash—the Morse code signal for the letter V—overlapped the V on the cover. Along with the stories there appeared a page intended to start a V-Man fan club amongst the readers, called the V-Boys and V-Girls. The series only lasted two issues (January and March, 1942). V-Man then made appearances in several issues of Holyoke Publishing’s "Blue Beetle" comic, starting with issue #13.
In 2008, V-Man, along with many other characters who’d fallen into the public domain, was included in Dynamite Entertainment’s "Project Superpowers"; after decades of being trapped in the Urn of Pandora, he was now transformed in such a way that anyone who comes near him becomes fatally ill, and he has to be constantly quarantined as a result. According to writer Jim Krueger, he now represents “that person who gets out of prison but can’t live a free life.”
Fictional biography.
During World War II, American Jerry Steele freed the inmates of a German prisoner-of-war camp, but was himself captured and apparently executed; however, a peasant was able to revive him with an herbal remedy and smuggle him to a safe haven. There, a man named Father Duroc asked Steele to take an oath called the V-Pledge, after which Steele was suddenly possessed of greater physical and mental fitness and courage, and garbed in a patriotic costume. As V-Man, he fought enemy soldiers in Europe and England. His principal gimmick was a miniature radio in his ring. He was aided by a group of teenagers called The V-Boys, who each wore a sweater with a large V on the front. The V-Boys were aware of V-Man's secret identity and communicated with him using the aforementioned ring.
"Project Superpowers".
After the war, V-Man was one of many heroes who were trapped and imprisoned in the Urn of Pandora by the misguided Fighting Yank. Decades later, the Urn was broken and the heroes were freed, some having new superpowers as a result of their imprisonment; V-Man, however, was now a “walking, talking plague,” causing anyone who comes close to him to become fatally ill. His fellow heroes have to keep him in quarantine, and he’s unable to be close to Masquerade, whom he’s attracted to. What’s become of the V-Boys is not yet known.

</doc>
<doc id="18746154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746154" title="Imogene King">
Imogene King

Imogene King (January 30, 1923 – December 24, 2007) was a pioneer of nursing theory development. Her interacting systems theory of nursing and her theory of goal attainment have been included in every major nursing theory text. These theories are taught to thousands of nursing students, form the basis of nursing education programs, and are implemented in a variety of service settings.
Education.
King's educational achievements began with a nursing diploma in 1945. She attended St. Louis University, earning a Bachelor of Science in Nursing in 1948 and a Master of Science in Nursing in 1957. She subsequently earned a Doctor of Education from Teachers College, Columbia University.
Academic appointments.
King was on the faculty at Loyola University from 1961-1966 and 1972-1980. She directed the nursing program at Ohio State University between 1968 and 1972. She taught at University of South Florida from 1980 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18746177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746177" title="L'abito nero da sposa">
L'abito nero da sposa

"L'abito nero da sposa" is a 1945 Italian drama film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Fosco Giachetti.

</doc>
<doc id="18746203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746203" title="Baltic nuclear power plant">
Baltic nuclear power plant

Baltic nuclear power plant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18746206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746206" title="T. R. Fehrenbach">
T. R. Fehrenbach

Theodore Reed Fehrenbach, Jr. (January 12, 1925 – December 1, 2013) was an American historian, columnist, and the former head of the Texas Historical Commission (1987-1991). He graduated from Princeton University in 1947, and had published more than twenty books, including the best seller "Lone Star: A History of Texas and Texans" and "This Kind of War", about the Korean War.
Although he served as a U.S. Army officer during the Korean War, his own service is not mentioned in the book. Fehrenbach also wrote for "Esquire", "The Atlantic", "The Saturday Evening Post", and "The New Republic". He was known as an authority on Texas, Mexico, and the Comanche people. For almost 30 years, he wrote a weekly column on Sundays for the "San Antonio Express-News". On August 23, 2013, T.R. Fehrenbach announced that he would retire from writing columns because of declining health. T.R. Fehrenbach died of a congenital heart defect at Northeast Baptist Hospital in San Antonio on December 1, 2013.
Selected bibliography.
"Sources for book publication data: United States Library of Congress, Amazon.com."
T. R. Fehrenbach Award.
The Texas Historical Commission gives this award to recognize books about Texas history and pre-history. The award is given annually.

</doc>
<doc id="18746233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746233" title="Eddie Heron">
Eddie Heron

Eddie Heron (born 1910 in Dublin, Ireland died 1985) was an Irish swimming champion.
Eddie was Ireland diving champion on multiple occasions in the 1930s, and 1940's.
Eddie trained with Olympic Champion Pete Desjardins in the U.S.A. in his younger years.
Eddie, originally a Sandycove Diver won his A.S.A. Title representing Half Moon Swimming Club and continued with Half Moon until 1940 when he returned to Sandycove and almost single handed established the club as the cradle of Irish diving for more than forty years. In 1948 he represented Ireland at the 1948 Summer Olympics. Eddie was also awarded the "Texaco Sports Award" for his great achievements and contribution to diving. This is now competed for at the Irish Diving Championships on the 5 meter Spring Board.
Eddie was married to Nellie McGurke.

</doc>
<doc id="18746248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746248" title="Patrick Shanahan (Medal of Honor)">
Patrick Shanahan (Medal of Honor)

Patrick Shanahan (November 6, 1867 – December 7, 1937) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor.
Medal of Honor citation.
Rank and organization: Chief Boatswain's Mate, U.S. Navy. Born: November 6, 1867, Ireland. Accredited to: New York. G.O. No.: 534, November 29, 1899.
Citation:
On board the U.S.S. Alliance, 28 May 1899. Displaying heroism, Shanahan rescued William Steven, quartermaster, first class, from drowning.

</doc>
<doc id="18746258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746258" title="Huramzai">
Huramzai

Huramzai is a town located in the Pishin District of Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 30°43'32N 66°50'24E at an altitude of 1471 meters.
It is the largest populated region in the Pishin District, and is well known for its orchards and vineyards. Agriculture is the livelihood of most of the population. Huramzai is replete with many gardens of different fruits including grapes, apples, apricots, pomegranates, watermelons, and a variety of vegetables. It has a bazaar which can supply items of everyday needs. Huramzai has electricity, gas stations, and telephone and mobile phone services. There are currently three doctors serving in Huramzai: Dr. Syed Abdul Ahad, Dr. Syed Nida Mohammad, and Dr. Syed Zaman Agha; residents of Huramzai serve the entire province in many different fields.
People.
Almost 95% of population are "Syed" in tribe; descendants of Imam Zain-ul-Abdin and siblings of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. They are well respected across the region for their sacred affiliation.
Sports.
Football is the most popular game of Huramzai and Sarbaz Club Huramzai is currently one of the strongest teams for the last twenty years. The local Dawn Cricket Club has won a record number of tournaments; it is one of the finest in the region. Local resident & Dawn Cricket Club captain, Syed Samiullah Agha has been the chairman of the Alaqai Cricket Committee for two years; there is a high interest level in sports. 
Politics.
Huramzai is active in politics and its major parties are:
The last election in 2008 was won by Moulana Syed Abdul Bari Agha (JUI-F), who has done well for the region and its people and has served them for a number of years. Some of his accomplishments in office include many health and infrastructure projects, along with his assistance with the electricity station. 
Hajizai Syedan
Killi Hajizai, the home of Tour Amak Neeka—is a beautiful village of Theseel Huramzai and part of Union Council Gangalzai, sitting near Huramzai (west), Hajan Shakarzai in the east and Ganglalzai in the south. The whole village is inhabited by Syed family. Hajizai is surrounded by lush grain and vegetable fields as well fruit orchards; the gardens of apple, peach, cherry, plum,grapes, pomegranates, mulberries and figs, give breath-taking beauty to the village. There are middle schools, both for boys and girls. Both of the schools were inaugurated by then- senator Syed Fazal Agha in 1985; Girls’ school of Hajizai is ranked among top 5 middle schools in the district Pishin. There is also a Madrassa and BHU (Basic Health Unit) facilitating the masses. The former president of Afghanistan  Noor Mohammad Tarakai had great affiliation with Hajizai and lived  and spent his childhood in the village, his sister named Tarake Anna was married to the Malak of Hajizai named Agha Lala (Syed Abdul Sattar Agha).The prominent people of Hajizai include Syed Fazal Agha(EX-Governor),Syed Abdul Hai Agha(Chief Engineer WAPDA),Malak Meherban Agha, Syed Abdul Rab Agha(XEN),Syed Mohammad Ali Agha(XEN),Dr.Mohammad Ashraf(Senior Surgeon),Syed Saleem Shah(FBR),Syed Naeem Shah(FBR),Syed Faisal Shah(DCO,Dera Bugti),Syed Munir Agha(Additional District and Session Judge),and Syed Khalil Agha(Political Activist).↵The main political Party units in Hajizai comprise: JUI, PTI, PKMAP and ANP (having many die-hard supporters).Young people are real sports lovers; United Football club,Abbasin Football Club, Zameendar Football club, Khan Cricket club and Shah XI—are main sports teams. To the north of Hajizai, there is an aesthetic mountainous picnic resort with a beautiful small dam (filled with water in spring season).The people living across the area, make frequent visits to enjoy their leisure time especially in the month of March and April.

</doc>
<doc id="18746264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746264" title="Weir's Falls">
Weir's Falls

Weir's Falls is a 3.4 metre high overhang ribbon waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Hermitage ruins, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Highway 52 (Copetown) exit and head north on Highway 52/ "Trinity Road." Turn right onto "Governor's Road" and then turn left onto "Weirs Lane". Cross over the railway tracks. The waterfall is located across from 178 Weir's Lane.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18746278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746278" title="Tahoe Smokeless">
Tahoe Smokeless

Tahoe Smokeless is a brand of smokeless tobacco. They are a product from the Bailey's Cigarettes and the Rock Ridge Tobacco Company. They are a predominate figure in the field of sports sponsorship, funding various fishing and angling tournaments, and formerly as the #18 Dodge Ram driven by Dennis Setzer in the Craftsman Truck Series.

</doc>
<doc id="18746285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746285" title="Middle Sea Race">
Middle Sea Race

The Middle Sea Race, or Rolex Middle Sea Race for sponsorship reasons, is a yacht race organised by the Royal Malta Yacht Club. The race was co-founded in 1968 by the Royal Malta Yacht Club and the Royal Ocean Racing Club.
The race starts and finishes in Malta, and takes the fleet in anti-clockwise around Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18746315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746315" title="Abu Firas al-Hamdani">
Abu Firas al-Hamdani

Abu Firas al-Hamdani (932–968) () was an Arab poet. He was a cousin of Sayf al-Dawla and a member of the noble family of the Hamdanids, who were rulers in northern Syria and Upper Mesopotamia during the 10th century. He served Sayf al-Dawla as provincial governor as well as court poet, and was active in is cousin's wars against the Byzantine Empire. He was twice captured by the Byzantines and spent some time in their capital, Constantinople, where he composed his most famous work, the collection of poems titled "al-Rûmiyât" (الروميات).
Translation of sample of poetry; "I find you hard to be sad" اراك عصي الدمع.
Ourselves are cheapest for highness we seek
dearly he pays who chooses a princess 
Hard to tears endurance you are 
Affect on you will desire have not?
Yes, void my heart is and lovesick I have 
But one like me sealed ‘r his secretes 
About to glow between my wings
When blazed with thoughts of passion and love
Condoled with closeness or death trying 
If thirst I sleep with, let no rain there be 
Adoring you I fought my own nearest to me 
Without you water and wine I and them will be 
Truthful to you I was in humility for treachery constantly is you
Who are you she argues while knowing well
Deny can I as one as I
I said; god-forbids its you not days unkind you were
No path to grief to hart without you 
For passion to calamity a bridge it is 
Certainly lovers no arrogance will have after me 
And void had grabbed my hand
Escape or death my comrade has said to me 
I said two choices is bitter their sweetest 
It is death upon repute I choose 
Immortally remembered who was 
Remember me my people they will when times are hardest 
The moon is missed when it is darkest 
Modest not we are, it not for us 
Foremost we are above everyone else, be it or end it 
Abu Firas Al Hamadani
translation by Nathir Tallaq Al Anasweh

</doc>
<doc id="18746329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746329" title="Nef (protein)">
Nef (protein)

Nef (Negative Regulatory Factor) is a small 27-35 kDa myristoylated protein encoded by primate lentiviruses. These include Human Immunodeficiency Viruses (HIV-1 and HIV-2) and Simian Immunodeficiency Virus (SIV). Nef localizes primarily to the cytoplasm but also partially to the Plasma Membrane (PM) and is one of many pathogen-expressed proteins, known as virulence factors, which function to manipulate the host's cellular machinery and thus allow infection, survival or replication of the pathogen. Nef stands for "Negative Factor" and although it is often considered dispensable for HIV-1 replication, in infected hosts the viral protein markedly elevates viral titers. 
Function.
The expression of Nef early in the viral life cycle ensures T-cell activation and the establishment of a persistent state of infection, two basic attributes of HIV infection. Viral expression of Nef induces numerous changes within the infected cell including the modulation of protein cell surface expression, cytoskeletal remodeling, and signal transduction. Since the activation state of the infected cell plays an important role in the success rate of HIV-1 infection, it is important that resting T-cells be primed to respond to T-cell receptor (TCR) stimuli. HIV-1 Nef lowers the threshold for activation of CD4+ lymphocytes, but is not sufficient to cause activation in the absence of exogenous stimuli.
By down regulating cell surface expression of CD4 and Lck, Nef creates a narrow TCR response which likely optimizes HIV-1 viral production and generates a susceptible population of cells to further infect. Nef retargets kinase-active Lck away from the plasma membrane to early and recycling endosomes (RE) as well as the Trans-Golgi network (TGN). RE/TGN associated Lck sub-populations in Nef expressing cells are in the catalytically active conformation and thus signaling competent. While TCR signaling takes place at the plasma membrane (PM), activation of the Ras-GTPase takes place in intracellular compartments including the Golgi apparatus. Nef induced enrichment of active Lck in these compartments results in an increase of localized RAS activity and enhanced activation of Erk kinase and the production of Interleukin-2 (IL-2). Since IL-2 is known to activate the growth, proliferation, and differentiation of T-cells to become effector T-cells this is a self-serving effect that creates a new population of cells in which HIV-1 is able to infect. Self-activation of the infected cell by IL-2 also stimulates the cell to become an effector cell and initiate the machinery which HIV-1 relies upon for its own proliferation.
To further evade the host immune response, Nef down-regulates the cell surface and total expression of the negative immune modulator CTLA-4 by targeting the protein for lysosomal degradation. In contrast to CD28 which activates T-cells, CTLA-4 is essentially an “off-switch” which would inhibit the viral production if it were activated. Lentiviruses such as HIV-1 have acquired proteins such as Nef which perform a wide array of functions including the identification of CTLA-4 before it reaches the PM and tagging it for degradation. Nef is also known to phosphorylate and inactivate Bad, a proapoptotic member of the Bcl-2 family thus protecting the infected cells from apoptosis. 
Cytoskeletal remodeling is thought to reduce TCR signaling during early infection and is also modulated to some degree by Nef. Actin remodeling is generally modulated by the actin severing factor cofilin. Nef is able to associate with the cellular kinase PAK2 which phosphorylates and inactivates cofilin and interferes with early TCR signaling.
Clinical significance.
One group of patients in Sydney were infected with a nef-deleted virus and took much longer than expected to progress to AIDS.
Vaccine.
A "nef"-deleted virus vaccine has not been tried in humans although was successfully tested in Rhesus macaques.

</doc>
<doc id="18746362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746362" title="Jim Shirra">
Jim Shirra

Jim Shirra (born 10 June 1950) is a Scottish professional footballer who spent the majority of his career playing for Falkirk, where he made over 180 league appearances and scored 27 goals. He also played for Aberdeen and Dundee before leaving for Melbourne, Australia where he played in the National Soccer League for South Melbourne Hellas, one of Australia's most successful clubs. Shirra later returned to Scotland where he played for struggling Stirling Albion in the second division of the Scottish Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18746365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746365" title="Cornelius Michael Power">
Cornelius Michael Power

Cornelius Michael Power (December 18, 1913—May 22, 1997) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Portland from 1974 to 1986.
Biography.
Cornelius Power was born to Irish immigrants William and Katherine (Kate) (née Dougherty) Power in Seattle, Washington. He had five siblings, four of whom selected lives in religion as well. After receiving a public education in Beacon Hill from 1919 to 1923, Power attended St. Mary Parochial School from 1923 to 1927, whence he entered O'Dea High School before leaving a year later for St. Joseph College in Mountain View, California. He studied at St. Patrick Seminary in Menlo Park from 1933 to 1935, and St. Edward Seminary in Kenmore from 1935 to 1939. While at St. Edward, Power was a classmate of Joseph McKeirnan of Pomeroy, Washington.
Power was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Gerald Shaughnessy, S.M., on June 3, 1939, and then served as assistant pastor at St. James Cathedral until 1940. He was subsequently sent to study canon law at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. from 1940 to 1943. Upon his return to Washington, he was chaplain of Holy Names Academy (1943-1952) and of St. James Cathedral (1952-1955). Power was made administrator of Our Lady of the Lake Church in Seattle in 1955, rising to become its pastor in 1956. He remained at Our Lady of the Lake for the next twenty-six years, whilst concurrently holding several positions in the archdiocesan curia. He was promoted to the rank of Domestic Prelate of His Holiness on January 12, 1963.
On February 5, 1969, Power was appointed the second Bishop of Yakima by Pope Paul VI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following May 1 from Archbishop Thomas Connolly, with Bishops Thomas Gill and Joseph Dougherty serving as co-consecrators. He assumed as his episcopal motto: "Servite Domino In Laetitia", meaning, "I will serve God cheerfully." Power was later named the seventh Archbishop of Portland in Oregon on January 15, 1974, being formally installed on April 17 in the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception.
During his tenure in Portland, he formed a five-year plan for the Archdiocese and ensured its financial stability by establishing an endowment fund. Power founded the Oregon Catholic Conference, held the first clergy and archdiocesan conventions, and reorganized the local curia, Catholic Charities, and Catholic Truth Society of Oregon, which was renamed the Oregon Catholic Press. He also encouraged ministries to Spanish-speaking and Southeast Asian residents. The Archbishop retired on July 1, 1986, after twelve years of service; he spent his retirement in providing retreats and assistance to parishes.
As a close family friend of Seattle's civic leader Jack Gordon, Power was called upon for things such as giving invocations at Seattle's Century 21. He was a featured speaker at Gordon's retirement.
Power died in Portland, at age 83. He is buried at Mount Calvary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18746367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746367" title="Michael Swan (writer)">
Michael Swan (writer)

Michael Swan is a writer of English language teaching and reference materials.
Biography.
Major publications include "Practical English Usage" and "Basic English Usage" (Oxford University Press). His most recent books are "Grammar", an introductory book on why languages need grammar and what they do with it and, with David Baker, "Grammar Scan" (Oxford University Press), a collection of diagnostic language tests.
Michael Swan is also the co-author, with Catherine Walter, of "How English Works" and "The Good Grammar Book" (both with Oxford University Press), and the "New Cambridge English Course" series (with Cambridge University Press).
His interests include pedagogic grammar, mother-tongue influence in second language acquisition, and the relationship between applied linguistic theory and classroom language-teaching practice. He has written articles on all these topics, and is known for influential articles on the communicative approach and on task-based learning.
Michael Swan is also a widely published poet. His poems, some serious, some funny, all written in deceptively accessible language, have been published in several poetry magazines such as "Acumen" and "The Frogmore Papers" as well as in more unexpected places, including the "BBC Wildlife Magazine". His collection "When They Come For You" was published by The Frogmore Press in 2003. In 2005 he won "The Times"' Stephen Spender Prize for poetry translation with his translation from the German of a section of Rilke's "Orpheus. Eurydice. Hermes". He won The Poetry Society's 2010 Stanza Poetry Competition, with his poem "I Wasn't There".

</doc>
<doc id="18746369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746369" title="Sea Surface full of Clouds">
Sea Surface full of Clouds

"Sea Surface full of Clouds" is a poem from the second, 1931,
edition of Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry,
"Harmonium." It was first
published in 1924, so it is restricted by copyright. However, brief
parts of it are quoted here as , and the whole poem is available elsewhere
on the Internet.[http://poetry.poetryx.com/poems/5316/]
Overview.
Section III, quoted here, figures in Joan Richardson's reading of "Sea
Surface" as having Stevens's sexuality as its "true subject". The
prelude describes ("most hermetically") the period preceding sexual
climax. The reference to a piano is explained by the fact that his
mother and his wife, Elsie, played the piano. "For him, the piano and
other keyboard instruments are always attached to something magical
connected with the idea of beauty and the allure of the female, as,
for example, in "Peter Quince at the Clavier," Richardson writes, "
Accordingly, the machine of ocean, his projection, is now `tranced,'
carried away by the rapture of the `uncertain green... as a prelude
holds and holds."
Richardson continues:
He imaginatively records both his sensations and those of his
wife. The female is felt by him as "silver petals of white blooms/
Unfolding in the water," and he, in his maleness, is "feeling sure/ of
the milk within the saltiest spurge." He goes on to express the
feelings of both of them throughout this section and in part of the
next. The climax itself is described as, "The sea unfolding in the
sunken clouds/ "Oh!" the surprise of the moment of climax
"C'étais mon extase et mon amour"."
Richardson explicitly invokes Stevens's distinction between the true
subject of a poem and the poetry of the subject, in order to justify a
reading that dwells on what she takes to be the true subject. She writes, 
In closing, I offer the following observations taken from "The
Irrational Element in Poetry:" "One is always writing about two things
at the same time in poetry and it is this that produces the tension
characteristic of poetry. One is the true subject and the other is the
poetry of the subject. The difficulty of sticking to the true subject,
when it is the poetry of the subject that is paramount in one's mind,
need only be mentioned to be understood."
Buttel does not draw the distinction, but he implicitly focuses on the
poetry of the subject, the "Poetry of sky and sea" in the concluding
two stanzas, discussing not deep psychology but rather the syntactical
and semantic features of Stevens's style.
The verse moves fluently from line to line, and the variations
intensify the exultation in the open-air vividness and splendor of
the seascape and skyscape...the combination of accents and
alliteration in "clouds came clustering," with "came" in this context
picking up a stress, heightens the impressiveness and drama produced
by the image of the "sovereign" cloud masses "clustering" -- just the
right word in meaning and sound -- into transitory form. The metrical
regularity of the following sentence, abetted by the repetition of
sound in "conch" and "conjuration," contributes to the majestic
authority of the note sounded by Triton. The suspended moment of
turning is caught in the hovering emphasis on "green blooms turning,"
even though the long spondee adds an extra accent to the line; and
this prepares for the immense satisfactionn of "clearing
opalescence" -- the jewel-like iridescence dissolving into an
instant of transfiguring clarity. Such effects lead up to the
triumphant finality of the concluding line, where the partial stress
on "Came" and the accents on the syllables beginning with "f"
heighten the finality. The series of unstressed syllables in the
penultimate foot not only increases the force of "freshest" but also
helps to convey the ongoing quality of the transfigurations which are
not static, even at the moment when poetic insight draws heaven and
sea into a unity.
Buttel's foregrounding of Stevens's craftsmanship, especially with
reference to syntactic and semantic innovation, is also the approach
favored by Helen Vendler and those inspired by her scholarship. About "Sea Surface Full of Clouds", she writes, "in his witty moments, Stevens practices legerdemain with the world's `reality' and produces a fantasia of shifting possibles, the brilliant changes of `Sea Surface Full of Clouds'." Significantly, this reference occurs in the midst of a long discussion of Stevens's use of grammatical particles like "if" and "as if" in order to achieve the effect of "something half-glimpsed, half-seen, and that is, finally, what Stevens achieves over and over: if he has a dogma, it is the dogma of the shadowy, the ephemeral, the barely perceived, the iridescent."
It can't be denied that each approach—Richardson's true-subject
reading and Buttel's poetry-of-the-subject interpretation—brings
with it some insight into the poem. One might venture that the two
approaches are in principle individually necessary and jointly
sufficient for full understanding. The ideal joint account
would not necessarily sign off on every detail of any given individual
account, and the two approaches might have different weight for different
poems. For instance, relatively little weight might attach to the "true
subject" of The Revolutionists stop for Orangeade because of its 
devotion to light-hearted word play. In a poem like this, the poetry 
of the subject seems to be most of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="18746375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746375" title="Tervel (town)">
Tervel (town)

Tervel (, pronounced ) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Dobrich Province. It is the administrative centre of Tervel Municipality, which lies in the westernmost part of the province. As of December 2009, the town has a population of 6,667 inhabitants.
History.
The old Ottoman Turkish name of the town was "Kurtbunar" ("well of the wolves"): the village was first mentioned in Ottoman tax registers of 1673, although the area has been inhabited continuously since antiquity by the Getae tribe of Thracians, then the Slavs and the Bulgars, and constituted a part of the Bulgarian Empire during most of the Middle Ages. In 1878, Kurtbunar became part of the newly liberated Principality of Bulgaria and it was promoted to a district centre of Silistra County on 26 July 1882. The village was part of Romania along with all of Southern Dobruja between 1913 and 1940, and the name was rendered as "Curtbunar". It was also a district centre of Durostor County under Romanian rule. The modern Bulgarian name honours Tervel of Bulgaria, a successful 8th-century Bulgarian monarch. The former village was proclaimed a town in January 1960.
Tervel has a museum opened in 1986. It features an ethnographic collection, an art gallery and an archaeological exposition, including a 3,500-year-old human skeleton.

</doc>
<doc id="18746379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746379" title="Bishopwearmouth Cemetery">
Bishopwearmouth Cemetery

Bishopwearmouth Cemetery is a cemetery in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England. It lies between Hylton Road and Chester Road (A183 road).
History.
Due to the cholera epidemic of 1831 and the subsequent overcrowding of churchyards, it was decided to build new cemeteries in Sunderland after the passing of the Burial Act 1852 and 1853.
Jewish burials.
Sunderland once had a thriving Jewish population. In 1856, the only Jewish cemetery, at Ayres Quay in Bishopwearmouth, closed. A site at the new Bishopwearmouth Cemetery for Jewish burials was then dedicated in the north east corner of the cemetery (the first cemetery in County Durham to do so), adjacent to the Roman Catholic section. On the cemetery's expansion in 1926, another section was dedicated at the new western edge and on the cemetery's final expansion in 1926, the new north-west section was dedicated and a Jewish temple was built; this section is currently fenced-off from the other wards of the cemetery.
Listed buildings.
There are nine listed buildings within Bishopwearmouth Cemetery; all are Grade II. These are:
The central (Nonconformist) chapel was formerly a listed building until it was demolished due to vandalism. The memorial to the Victoria Hall disaster, formerly situated in the cemetery and now in Mowbray Park, is also a listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18746425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746425" title="A Yank in Rome">
A Yank in Rome

A Yank in Rome () is a 1946 comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Valentina Cortese.

</doc>
<doc id="18746459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746459" title="Lady Edith Foxwell">
Lady Edith Foxwell

Lady Edith Foxwell (1918-1996) was a colorful eccentric known as "The Queen of London Cafe Society", or alternatively as The Disco Dowager, in the 1970s and early 1980s. In 1981, she became an investor in London's famous Embassy Club, where celebrities mixed with the aristocracy. 
She was born Edith Sybil Lambart on 11 June 1918, the daughter of Captain Hon. Lionel John Olive Lambart and Adelaide Douglas Randolph. In 1940 she married the film producer Ivan Cottam Foxwell, among whose movies was "The Colditz Story" (1955). After her uncle, Horace Lambert, inherited the earldom of Cavan, she was granted the rank of a daughter of an earl by Royal Warrant of Precedence in 1947.
In her role as a producer's wife she began meeting many celebrities and showed the forcefulness of her personality when she locked the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas in a room for five days, forcing him to remain sober long enough to complete a film script that her husband was producing. She also used to lunch regularly with Noël Coward when he was in London. 
She was one of the few members of London society who remained close friends with Margaret, Duchess of Argyll after the "headless man" scandal which, combined with the John Profumo affair involving Christine Keeler, threatened to topple the Government of the day. 
In the 1970s she began running the Embassy Club in Mayfair, which was London's first modern New York-style nightclub and which attracted many celebrities - including Marvin Gaye, who was a frequent guest at Sherston, Lady Edith's Wiltshire estate. Sherston became notorious for its sex and drugs parties with a mixture of show business celebrities and members of the aristocracy. 
She and Marvin Gaye had an affair before Gaye was shot dead by his father. The story of their affair was told by writer Stan Hey in the April 2004 issue of GQ. The report quoted writer/composer Bernard J. Taylor as saying he was told by Foxwell that she and Gaye had discussed marriage before his death.
As the Mail Online reported <http://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-439739/Queen-Hippies.html> Lady Edith's neighbors included Roddy Llewellyn (Princess Margaret's boyfriend in the 1970s) who lived in a commune whose members and guests frequently used Lady Edith's swimming pool for nude swimming. 
Lady Edith divorced Ivan Foxwell in 1976, after the couple had two daughters, Zia and Atalanta. 
In the last two years before she died in March, 1996, she was active in trying to promote the musical works of the novelist and composer Bernard J. Taylor.
Lady Edith Foxwell was an investor in a consortium that bought the Club in 1981 headed by Stephen Hayter, the manager of the Embassy Club under its previous owner. The Embassy had been revived spectacularly by Jeremy Norman, opening in 1978 at almost the same time as Saturday Night Fever premiered. The Club opened with a star-studded fashion show by Ossie Clarke - the guests included Lady Diana Cooper and Margaret, Duchess of Argyll. Norman employed Michael Fish, the men's fashion designer and society darling as his "greeter". The club was an instant rave success and the madness lasted for about two years until the fashion for Disco died in 1980. During the period of Norman's ownership, he went on to start Heaven Nightclub, the Embassy played host to nearly all the prominent names in the entertainment, fashion and young society worlds - a true melting pot and crossroads of many cultures. As at Studio 54, everyone came out to party, young and old, including many who had never come out on the scene before.

</doc>
<doc id="18746466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746466" title="Jin Long">
Jin Long

Jin Long() is a Chinese professional snooker player. He became professional in 2001 following his strong runs to the finals of the Asian and Chinese Championships. His first Main Tour stints were rather unsuccessful, with the best result a last 48 appearance at the 2004 Grand Prix. Jin has managed to regain a Main Tour place by winning the 2008 Asian Championship, beating Aditya Mehta 7–3 in the final, having had spells on the tour on three previous occasions. He has been a regular wild card in the China Open and he also competed in the 2008 Jiangsu Classic finishing above top players such as Shaun Murphy and Neil Robertson in his group, eventually finishing third.
Jin recorded the best ranking event finish of his career to date at the 2012 World Open, where he reached the last 16. He was selected to play in the wildcard round, where he beat Sam Baird 5–3 to qualify for the last 32 and a match up with compatriot Ding Junhui. Jin capatilised on his opponent's mistakes and won the match 5–1, but couldn't continue his run in the tournament in the next round as he lost 2–5 to Robert Milkins.
He is nicknamed "Golden Dragon", which is a transliteration of his given name.

</doc>
<doc id="18746499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746499" title="Thomas Gerald Room">
Thomas Gerald Room

Thomas Gerald Room FRS (10 November 1902 – 2 April 1986) was an Australian mathematician who is best known for Room squares.
Biography.
Thomas Room was born on 10 November 1902, near London, England. He studied mathematics in St John's College, Cambridge, and was a wrangler in 1923. He continued at Cambridge as a graduate student, and was elected as a fellow in 1925, but instead took a position at the University of Liverpool. He returned to Cambridge in 1927, at which time he completed his Ph.D., with a thesis supervised by H. F. Baker. Room remained at Cambridge until 1935, when he moved to the University of Sydney. During World War II he worked for the Australian government, helping to decrypt Japanese communications. After the war, Room returned to the University of Sydney, where he was dean of the faculty of science from 1952 to 1956 and again from 1960 to 1965. He also held visiting positions at the University of Washington in 1948, and the Institute for Advanced Study and Princeton University in 1957. He retired from Sydney in 1968 but took short-term positions afterwards at Westfield College in London and the Open University before returning to Australia in 1974. He died on 2 April 1986.
Room married Jessica Bannerman, whom he met in Sydney, in 1937; they had one son and two daughters.
Research.
Room's Ph.D. work concerned generalizations of the Schläfli double six, a configuration formed by the 27 lines on a cubic algebraic curve.
In 1938 he published the book "The geometry of determinantal loci" through the Cambridge University Press. Nearly 500 pages long, the book combines methods of synthetic geometry and algebraic geometry to study higher-dimensional generalizations of quartic surfaces and cubic surfaces. It describes many infinite families of algebraic varieties, and individual varieties in these families, following a unifying principle that nearly all loci arising in algebraic geometry can be expressed as the solution to an equation involving the determinant of an appropriate matrix.
In the postwar period, Room shifted the focus of his work to Clifford algebra and spinor groups. Later, in the 1960s, he also began investigating finite geometry, and wrote a textbook on the foundations of geometry.
Room invented Room squares in a brief note published in 1955. A Room square is an "n" × "n" grid in which some of the cells are filled by sets of two of the numbers from 0 to "n" in such a way that each number appears once in each row or column and each two-element set occupies exactly one cell of the grid. Although Room squares had previously been studied by Robert Anstice, Anstice's work had become forgotten and Room squares were named after Room. In his initial work on the subject, Room showed that, for a Room square to exist, "n" must be odd and cannot equal 3 or 5. It was later shown by W. D. Wallis in 1973 that these are necessary and sufficient conditions: every other odd value of "n" has an associated Room square. The nonexistence of a Room square for "n" = 5 and its existence for "n" = 7 can both be explained in terms of configurations in projective geometry.
Despite retiring in 1968, Room remained active mathematically for several more years, and published the book "Miniquaternion geometry: An introduction to the study of projective planes" in 1971 with his student Philip B. Kirkpatrick.
Awards and honours.
In 1941, Room won the Thomas Ranken Lyle Medal of the Australian National Research Council and was elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society. He was one of the founding fellows of the Australian Academy of Science, chartered in 1954. From 1960 to 1962, he served as president of the Australian Mathematical Society and he later became the first editor of its journal.
The T. G. Room award of the Mathematical Association of New South Wales, awarded to the student with the best score in the NSW Higher School Certificate mathematics examination, is named in Room's honour.

</doc>
<doc id="18746500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746500" title="Samuel W. Thornton">
Samuel W. Thornton

Samuel W. Thornton (Oct. 23, 1832 in Madison County, Ohio – July 20, 1917 in Kearney, Nebraska) was a prominent farmer, businessman, soldier, and politician. He was elected to serve one term in the Nebraska State Legislature (1877), representing Buffalo County.
Early years.
Samuel W. Thornton was the son of Abner and Esther Strain Thornton. His father was a member of a large Scots-Irish and devoutly Presbyterian family that had migrated to Ohio from South Carolina over opposition to slavery During the American Civil War, Samuel joined the Union Army, fighting with Company C, 8th Regiment, Iowa Infantry. He participated in several of the bloodiest battles of the war, including the Battle of Shiloh, Battle of Vicksburg, and Battle of Memphis, where he was shot in the thigh and hospitalized until the end of the war.
Returning home to Washington County, Iowa, he was hailed as a war hero and served in a series of elected positions: city collector, marshal, assessor, and one term as Deputy Sheriff. He also conducted the 1870 census of Washington County, Iowa.
Buffalo County, Nebraska.
In 1874 Samuel and his family moved to Buffalo County, Nebraska, a sparsely settled frontier land where farming was difficult and time-consuming. For the first few years, the farm teetered on ruin; however, by the end of the decade, Samuel began having tremendous success, and his reputation amongst local farmers grew accordingly. He served on various committees of the Buffalo County Agricultural and Mechanical Society. In 1883, the County Board named the area around Samuel Thornton’s homestead as Thornton Township, Buffalo County, Nebraska, in honor of his military service. This honor was followed by his being elected to the state legislature (1887).
For the last thirty years of his life, Samuel remained in Buffalo County. While he continued farming, he expanded his business interests into the grocery business and utilities. He also stayed close with his fellow Civil War veterans, serving as post chaplain and speaking at the unveiling of the Civil War Soldiers’ Monument, Kearney, Nebraska, on October 25, 1910. Pictures of Samuel Thornton’s old homestead can be located at the Nebraska Historical Society, Lincoln, Nebraska.
Family.
Samuel W. Thornton married Sarah Larimer on September 14, 1854, and had eight children: Eva, William, Charles, Mary Etta, Harry Lyle, Mabel, Kate, and Lillie. William would later serve as President, Board of Directors, Union Valley Telephone Company. Samuel later married Dallastine Hopkins.
Samuel was a cousin of Military Reconstruction Judge James Johnston Thornton of Seguin, Texas, and the Thorntons of Logansport: Dr. William Patton Thornton, Judge William Wheeler Thornton, and Sir Henry Worth Thornton.

</doc>
<doc id="18746505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746505" title="Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages">
Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages

Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages (Spanish: "Maldición eterna a quien lea estas páginas") is a 1980 novel by Argentine novelist Manuel Puig. As in other works by Puig, the story is formally experimental, consisting of mostly unattributed dialogue, digressing into stories within stories. It also bears many of Puig favorite motifs, including sexuality and leftist revolutionary politics. 
Plot introduction.
The novel is set in Greenwich Village, near Washington Square. Larry, a poor and otherwise-unemployed former college student, accepts a part-time job taking care of 74-year old Mr. Ramirez. Mr. Ramirez is an Argentine expatriate who has apparently lost his memory, as well as his understanding of basic concepts such as love and sexual arousal. Though the two men are ostensibly strangers, their conversations reveal that they may somehow have intimate knowledge of each other's pasts. Abruptly and without clear explanation, dialogue often digresses into elaborate melodramatic reenactments of events that may or may not have happened to the two men. There is a 1982 English translation of the novel as "Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages".

</doc>
<doc id="18746510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746510" title="Daisuke Tonoike">
Daisuke Tonoike

Daisuke Tonoike (born January 29, 1975 in Yokohama, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
Tonoike played for Yokohama F. Marinos, Omiya Ardija, Sanfrecce Hiroshima, Montedio Yamagata and Shonan Bellmare.

</doc>
<doc id="18746534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746534" title="Everybody Knows (Sonia album)">
Everybody Knows (Sonia album)

Everybody Knows is the debut album by UK singer Sonia.
Released in May 1990, the album was predominantly written and produced by the Stock Aitken Waterman team. Included on the album is the number one hit "You'll Never Stop Me Loving You" as well as the Top 20 hits; "Can't Forget You", "Listen to Your Heart", "Counting Every Minute" and "End of the World". At the time of release, Sonia became the first female UK artist to achieve five Top 20 hit singles from one album.
"Everybody Knows" was a success, reaching #7 in the UK Albums Chart. Despite this, the record company Chrysalis later dropped Sonia. She went on to score another Top 20 hit soon after when she teamed up with Big Fun for the single "You've Got a Friend".
"Everybody Knows" was re-issued by Cherry Red Records in 2010 with bonus tracks.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Stock, Aitken and Waterman, except where noted.
CD version of the album also included "You'll Never Stop Me Loving You" (Sonia's Kiss Mix).

</doc>
<doc id="18746536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746536" title="Alli Owens">
Alli Owens

Alexandra "Alli" Owens (born September 2, 1988) is a race car driver in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series for Ray Hackett Racing who previously raced in the ARCA Re/Max Series. Owens is from Daytona Beach, FL and also hosts her own radio show, "Gas 'N' Go" with Alli O" on the Powerup Motorsports Channel on VoiceAmerica.com.
ARCA Career.
Owens drove the #12 ElectriyingCareers.com Chevy for DMG Racing owned by Mario Gosselin in a limited schedule during the 2008 season. In 12 races she had a best finish of 15th place, which she achieved on 3 separate occasions (Rockingham, Kentucky and Chicago).
In 2009 she drove the #19 Toyota in the ARCA Re/Max series for D'Hondt Motorsports again with the IBEW ElectrifyingCareers program as sponsor in 10 events and one other race for Venturini Motorsports. Owens had a career best 2nd place starting spot in the season opening Lucas Oil Slick Mist 200 at Daytona but would finish 40th after an early accident. Alli would score her first top ten finish as well career best 6th place run at Talladega in April. She would follow that race up with another top ten at Pocono in her very next start.
In 2010 Owens would race in 9 events with Venturini, who she raced with in her last race of the 2009 season. Again ElectrifyingCareers.com served as her sponsor. Owens ran 3rd at Daytona in February 2010 for more than half the race before being shuffled out of the draft. In 9 races she would score 1 top ten finish, a 9th place showing at Salem in April. 
NASCAR.
Owens would make the jump to the Camping World Truck Series for the 2011 season. However, just a few months prior to the season she would learn that her longtime sponsor ElectrifyingCareers.com would be unable to renew their sponsorship. She was able to raise enough donations through fans and local businesses to race with Ford team Ray Hackett Racing at Daytona in the NextEra Energy Resources 250, though she failed to qualify.
Personal life.
Alli married Paul Chodora on May 28, 2011. She gave birth to a daughter named Braelynn Chodora on October 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18746548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746548" title="Kosuke Suda">
Kosuke Suda

Kosuke Suda (born February 4, 1980 in Japan) is a former Japanese football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18746565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746565" title="1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships">
1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships

The 1996 America's Red Clay Court Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Sportsplex in Coral Springs, Florida in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour. The tournament ran from May 13 through May 19, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18746586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746586" title="Sports in Jacksonville">
Sports in Jacksonville

Jacksonville is home to a number of professional sports teams, and the city has a long history of athletics. The Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL) compete at the major league level. Additionally, the PGA Tour is headquartered in the suburb of Ponte Vedra Beach, where it hosts The Players Championship every year.
In addition, Jacksonville has a number of minor league sports teams. These include the Jacksonville Suns baseball team, the Jacksonville Sharks Arena Football League team, the Jacksonville Axemen rugby league team, and the Jacksonville Giants basketball team. Jacksonville is also home to two universities, Jacksonville University and the University of North Florida, which compete in NCAA Division I. Several college sporting events are also held in Jacksonville annually.
Professional sports.
American football.
Football is by far the most popular sport in the Jacksonville area. The city is home to the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). The only major league-level sports team to play in Jacksonville, the Jaguars currently play in South Division of the NFL's American Football Conference (AFC). They joined the NFL as an expansion team in 1995, along with the Carolina Panthers.
The city has long supported football, particularly college football. Florida's first ever college football game was held in Jacksonville in 1901, between Florida Agricultural College (a predecessor to the University of Florida) and Stetson College (now Stetson University). Jacksonville newspaper "The Florida Times-Union" recorded the state college championships and awarded the Championship Cup in the early years. The annual Florida–Georgia game between the University of Georgia Bulldogs and the University of Florida Gators has been played in the city nearly every year since 1933. The Gator Bowl, a post-season bowl game, has been held annually since 1946. The success of such events led to interest in bringing professional football to Jacksonville, which began in earnest in the 1960s. In 1967 and 1968 the city hosted the American Football League All Star Game at the Gator Bowl. Jacksonville was the only non-AFL city to host the game. It was presumed at the time that this was a prelude to Jacksonville getting an AFL expansion team, but when the AFL merged with the rival NFL in 1970 expansion plans were scrapped. The city also hosted a number of preseason games from both the AFL and NFL.
Jacksonville's first attempt at professional football came in 1926, when former Stanford University star Ernie Nevers organized the Jacksonville All-Stars to play exhibition games against traveling NFL opponents. The All-Stars faced the Chicago Cardinals and their star Red Grange on January 2, and the New York Giants on January 9; however, both games drew meager crowds, and the All-Stars subsequently ended operations. Jacksonville had its first professional football team in 1974 with the Jacksonville Sharks of the World Football League, a short-lived attempt to establish a rival to the NFL. The Sharks' financial troubles led the league to fold the team; the franchise was revived the following year as the Jacksonville Express. However, the WFL folded before the end of the 1975 season. The Jacksonville Firebirds played in the American Football Association, a spring minor league, for three seasons, 1979–1981. In 1984 professional football returned with the Jacksonville Bulls of the United States Football League (USFL). The Bulls set many USFL attendance records, including the only two sell-out games; however the league ceased operations after the 1985 season.
The success of these earlier attempts generated interest in bringing the NFL to Jacksonville. Several NFL teams discussed moving to the city over the years, with the Baltimore Colts (now the Indianapolis Colts) and the Houston Oilers (now the Tennessee Titans) making the most serious offers. In 1990, the NFL announced it would expand by two teams, and Jacksonville entered the bidding war. Jacksonville was the smallest market among the bidders, and was considered the unlikeliest choice. However, in 1993, after a series of negotiations, the NFL announced that the second franchise would go to Jacksonville. The Jacksonville Jaguars play at EverBank Field in downtown Jacksonville. The Jaguars have won two division championships, in 1996 and 1999, and they have made a total of six playoff appearances.
Jacksonville hosted Super Bowl XXXIX in 2005. As the smallest metropolitan area to ever host a Super Bowl, special accommodations were necessary, such as the use of cruise ships as hotels.
Jacksonville also has a number of amateur football teams, including the Jacksonville Dixie Blues, a women's football team in the Women's Football Alliance, and the Jacksonville Knights of the Florida Football Alliance.
Arena football.
Jacksonville is home to the Jacksonville Sharks Arena Football League team, who started play in 2010. The city was previously home to the Jacksonville Tomcats, who played in af2, the AFL's developmental league, from 2000–2002, at which point the old Jacksonville Coliseum was demolished to make way for the current arena.
The Sharks are the former AFL champions, defeating the Arizona Rattlers 73-70 in Arena Bowl XXIV.
Baseball.
Minor league baseball has been played in Jacksonville nearly every year since the early 20th century. The city's current team are the Jacksonville Suns, who play in the Class Double-A Southern League and are affiliated with the Miami Marlins. Two teams named the Suns have played in Jacksonville since 1962: A class Triple-A International League team from 1962–1968, and the current Double-A team from 1970 to the present. The modern club has played in Jacksonville longer than any other Double-A team has been in its city, and are the top-selling team in their league. They play at the Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville, a $34 million facility.
Jacksonville hosted Major League Baseball's first-ever spring training in 1888, and hosted spring training camps for several teams through the early 20th century. According to the "Baseball Almanac", the Philadelphia Athletics trained in Jacksonville in 1903 and 1914-1918, the Cincinnati Reds in 1905, the Boston Beaneaters (later Braves) in 1906, the Brooklyn Superbas (later Dodgers) in 1907-1909, the Brooklyn Robins (later Dodgers) in 1922, the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1918, and the New York Yankees in 1919-1920.
In 1904 the city got its first known professional minor league team, the Jacksonville Jays, who played in the South Atlantic League until 1910. Subsequent baseball teams that played in Jacksonville include the Jacksonville Tarpons (1911–1916), the Jacksonville Roses (1917), the Jacksonville Scouts (1921), and the Jacksonville Indians (1922). Beginning in 1926, a number of teams known as the Jacksonville Tars played in Jacksonville. The origin of this unusual name is unclear. The original Jacksonville Tars played in the Class B Southeastern League from 1926, following the city's acquisition of Durkee Field. They folded in 1930, and were replaced by a new Tars team in the South Atlantic League in 1936; except for three years during World War II, the team continued playing until 1952. During this time the Jacksonville Red Caps of the Negro Leagues also played in Jacksonville for three seasons, in 1938 and 1941–1942.
In 1952 the Jacksonville Tars franchise was reorganized as the Jacksonville Braves. The Braves were much more successful on the field than the Tars had been. In 1961 an ownership switchup caused the Braves' major league affiliation to change; they were replaced by the Jacksonville Jets for the season. The original Jacksonville Suns team started play in 1962.
Basketball.
The Jacksonville Giants began play in the new American Basketball Association (ABA) in 2010. They play their home games in the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena.
Jacksonville previously has had a number of other basketball teams. The Floridians of the original American Basketball Association played some of their home games in Jacksonville in 1970 and 1971. Originally called the Miami Floridians, the team became a regional franchise for the 1970–1971 season, playing home games across the state in Jacksonville, South Florida, and the Tampa Bay area. Poor attendance caused the Floridians to drop Jacksonville and other cities from their schedule; due to their recurring financial issues the league disbanded the team in 1972, prior to the ABA–NBA merger of 1976.
Jacksonville has had a number of minor league-level basketball teams as well. Teams playing in Jacksonville have included the Jacksonville Jets (Continental Basketball Association, 1987); the Jacksonville Hooters, later the "Jacksonville Shooters", (United States Basketball League, 1990–1995); the Jacksonville Barracudas (USBL, 1996–1998), and the Jacksonville JAM (2006–2008). The Jacksonville Jam played one season in the American Basketball Association, from 2006–2007, and transferred to the rival Premier Basketball League the following season, where they were briefly known as the Jacksonville SLAM; however, they did not survive the transfer and folded before the end of the season.
Golf.
The Greater Jacksonville area is at the top level of professional golf. The PGA Tour is headquartered in the suburb of Ponte Vedra Beach, where it hosts The Players Championship every year. The championship is one of the major stops on the PGA Tour, and is regarded as the most prestigious non-major tournament on the tour. St. Johns County is also home to the World Golf Village and the World Golf Hall of Fame.
The Jacksonville area has around 64 golf courses, of which 18 are public, 18 are semi-private, 15 are private and 13 are resort courses. Several PGA Tour players make the Jacksonville area their year-round home.
Tennis.
Professional tennis is in town each year when the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) holds the Bausch & Lomb Championships at Amelia Island Plantation near Fernandina Beach, just north of Jacksonville. Additionally, the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) has its American headquarters in Ponte Vedra Beach.
Hockey.
Currently no ice hockey teams play in Jacksonville, though the city has had a history of minor league hockey since the 1960s. The city's first hockey team were the Jacksonville Rockets, who played in the Eastern Hockey League from 1964–1972. The city's other teams were the Jacksonville Barons (American Hockey League, 1973–1974), the Jacksonville Bullets (Sunshine Hockey League, 1992–1996), the Jacksonville Lizard Kings (East Coast Hockey League, 1995-2000), and the Jacksonville Barracudas (2002–2008). The most recent team, the Barracudas, started play in the World Hockey Association 2 and then joined the Southern Professional Hockey League; they won titles in both leagues. They initially played their home games in the city's arena, but lease increases forced them to find another venue; they went on a self-imposed suspension of operations in 2008 and did not return.
Soccer.
The Jacksonville Armada FC are scheduled to begin play in the new North American Soccer League (NASL) in 2015. The league announced expansion franchises for Jacksonville on July 25, 2013. In addition to the Armada, the Jacksonville United FC have played in the National Premier Soccer League since 2011; they won the 2011 NPSL Championship.
The latest venture for soccer in Jacksonville started July 25, 2013 as the North American Soccer League announced it will be expanding into Jacksonville for the 2015 season. The team will be called the Jacksonville Armada. The team will initially play at either the University of North Florida stadium or the Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville, with plans for construction of an expandable soccer-only stadium.
The Jacksonville Tea Men played both standard and indoor soccer from 1980 – 1984. Their outdoor games were played at the Gator Bowl Stadium downtown. The team was moved from the Boston area, where they were known as the New England Tea Men, and initially played in the North American Soccer League. They later played in the United States Soccer League and the American Soccer League; they won the 1983 ASL Championship, but folded the following year.
The Jacksonville Cyclones played in the A-League from 1996 to 1999. The FC JAX Destroyers had men's and women's teams in the United Soccer Leagues from 2011: a men's team in the USL Premier Development League and a women's team in the W-League. The Cyclones folded in 2012.
Lacrosse.
The Jacksonville Bullies indoor lacrosse team were scheduled to play in the inaugural season of the North American Lacrosse League in 2012. After a dispute with the league, they played part of a season in the Professional Lacrosse League that year before canceling the rest of their games in October.
Semi-pro and amateur sports.
Rugby.
Rugby football, in particular rugby league, has a unique presence in Jacksonville. The Jacksonville Axemen, founded in 2006, are one of the most successful rugby football teams in the United States, both on and off the field. They currently play in the new USA Rugby League. They previously played in the American National Rugby League (AMRNL) from 2006–2010, advancing to the playoffs four times in five years and winning the championship in 2010. Beginning in 2011, the Axemen oversee a reserve grade competition, the Southeastern Rugby League Championship, contested by three feeder teams, including the Jacksonville Hatchets.
The Axemen play at Hodges Stadium at the University of North Florida, which has also hosted a number of international matches and training camps. UNF hosted the Rugby League Atlantic Cup, a tournament between emerging rugby league nations in North America, in 2009 and 2010. In 2008 the school hosted the "Australia Day Challenge" between the South Sydney Rabbitohs and the Leeds Rhinos, which featured Rabbitohs co-owner Russel Crowe and drew nearly 13,000 spectators.
In addition, there are three amateur rugby union clubs in the city. The Jacksonville Rugby Football Club was founded in 1972. The Jacksonville Women's Rugby Club, "The Sinners", are the women's rugby side. The UNF Deadbirds is a club team at the University of North Florida, consisting of UNF students and other college students in the area.
Roller derby.
Jacksonville is home to the Jacksonville RollerGirls, a flat track roller derby league in the Women's Flat Track Derby Association. The league was founded in 2006, and features three home teams plus a traveling all-star team, the New Jax City Rollers.
College sports.
Jacksonville's football bowl game, the Gator Bowl, began in 1946. The Florida Gators and Georgia Bulldogs have played their annual football game, informally known as "The World's Largest Outdoor Cocktail Party", in Jacksonville every year since 1933, save a two-year hiatus caused by the razing of the Gator Bowl Stadium and construction of the EverBank Field. The Florida State Seminoles have also held individual regular season games there, and in 1964 Georgia Tech and Navy played a regular season game there. The latter game was notable because 1963 Heisman Trophy winner and NFL Hall of Famer Roger Staubach played quarterback for Navy. Georgia Tech won the game, 17-0. On September 2, 1989 Florida State played Southern Mississippi in the regular season opener at the Gator Bowl. Southern Miss quarterback Brett Favre led his team to a 30-26 upset of the heavily favored Seminoles.
Jacksonville was the host city for the Atlantic Coast Conference championship games in football through 2007.
In March 2006, Jacksonville was a host site for the first round of the NCAA Division I Basketball Championship. The games were held at the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena. The eventual national champion Florida Gators emerged from the Jacksonville regional.
Colleges and universities.
Jacksonville's two universities, the University of North Florida (UNF) and Jacksonville University (JU), compete in NCAA Division I.
The University of North Florida's sports teams are known as the Ospreys. From 1993–2005 the Ospreys competed in NCAA Division II. In 2005 they began the transition to Division I, which was completed for the 2009 academic year. They are currently members of the Atlantic Sun Conference. UNF's varsity sports are, in men's sports, baseball, basketball, cross country, soccer, track and field, tennis, and golf; and in women's sports, basketball, cross country, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and volleyball. Women's golf will be added in 2012.
Jacksonville University's sports teams are known as the Dolphins. The JU men's basketball team became notable in the early 1970s, when they made the NCAA Championship game with future American Basketball Association star Artis Gilmore. Like UNF they are members of the non-football Atlantic Sun Conference for most sports, but also field a football team in the NCAA Division I-AA Pioneer Football League. JU's varsity sports are, in men's sports, baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, football, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, and tennis; and in women's sports, basketball, cross country, golf, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, softball, tennis, track & field, and volleyball.
In addition, the Edward Waters College Tigers compete in the NAIA.

</doc>
<doc id="18746613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746613" title="AMGTV">
AMGTV

AMGTV is an American family-oriented television network, featuring programming including sitcoms, lifestyle programs, sports, films and more. It is owned by the American company, Access Media Group (a company not related to the Canadian company of the same name).
AMGTV provides programming to television stations in the United States, and is a competitor of America One and like networks. AMGTV also syndicates several movie packages and music specials to stations outside of their affiliate base. Many television stations have discontinued the AMGTV affiliation in favor of other programming, or a different affiliation (Such as its competitor America One, or other like networks), or have ceased operations all together.
The president of AMGTV is Terry Elaqua.
Affiliates.
Over-the-Air affiliates 
Programing.
On November 13, 2009 AMGTV announced it was premiering the TBC Global News Network weekly financial news program on AMGTV's 94 markets on Sunday November 15.
Current Programming:
Children [E/I]:
Drama:
Entertainment:
Movies:
Sports:
True:
Past Programming:
Sports.
On October 10, 2010 the American Indoor Football Association announced that AMGTV has agreed to air games from the upcoming 2011 AIFA West season. They had previously carried the 2010 season, prior to when the league split. The AIFA West ceased operations January 2011; neither the league nor the network have indicated whether the deal is valid for the 2012 revival of the league.

</doc>
<doc id="18746633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746633" title="Takatoshi Matsumoto">
Takatoshi Matsumoto

Takatoshi Matsumoto (born September 5, 1983 in Minato, Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese football player.
Matsumoto previously played for Kyoto Purple Sanga, Shonan Bellmare and Tokushima Vortis.

</doc>
<doc id="18746634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746634" title="Downtown Salem District">
Downtown Salem District

Downtown Salem District is a historic district roughly bounded by Church, Central, New Derby, and Washington Streets in Salem, Massachusetts. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983, and represents a major expansion of the Old Town Hall Historic District, which was listed in 1972.
When first listed in 1972, the district consisted of a cluster of buildings around Salem's Old Town Hall on Derby Square and Essex, Washington, and Front Streets. The 1983 expansion significantly enlarged the district to encompass a significant portion of Salem's historic downtown. It includes two properties previously listed individually on the National Register: the Joshua Ward House, and City Hall, both on Washington Street.
Joshua Ward House.
The Joshua Ward House is a historic house at 148 Washington Street, built in 1784. It was added separately to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Salem City Hall.
Salem City Hall, the oldest continually run city hall in America, opened in 1837 and is located at 93 Washington Street in Salem. Constructed in the style of Greek Revival, it was added separately to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It notably survived the Great Salem Fire of 1914.
Salem Old Town Hall.
Old Town Hall is the earliest surviving municipal structure in Salem (dating from 1816–17) and is an outstanding example of Federal architecture. The second floor of the building, Great Hall, has always been used as a public hall, and contained town offices until 1837. The first floor, originally designed as a public market, now houses the Salem Museum.
The building and its Derby Square site maintain historical associations with Salem's prominent 18th and 19th century Derby family for whom Derby Square, Derby Wharf, Derby Street and the two Derby houses on the Salem waterfront were named. The building contains elements attributed to both Charles Bulfinch, the most influential Boston architect of the Federal period, and Samuel McIntire, Salem's renowned architect and woodcarver. The structure was saved from demolition by Salem preservation architect Philip Horton Smith in the 1930s, and underwent a partial restoration in the 1970s.
History Alive!,the professional acting branch of the Gordon College Department of Theatre, sometimes performs at Old Town Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18746647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746647" title="Ancaster Heights Falls">
Ancaster Heights Falls

Ancaster Heights Falls is a 13.4 metre high terraced ribbon cascade waterfall found in the Tiffany Falls Conservation Area in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Hermitage ruins, Griffin House, Fieldcote Memorial Park & Museum, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Tiffany Falls, Tiffany Falls Conservation Area, Iroquois Heights Conservation Area.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Lincoln Alexander Parkway exit and keep to the right to merge onto "Rousseaux Street". At the "T" intersection turn right onto Wilson Street East. Park at Tiffany Falls Conservation Area and walk back up Wilson Street East to the waterfall. The crest of this waterfall originates at the intersection of "Montgomery Drive" and "Haig Road."
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18746652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746652" title="Dustin House">
Dustin House

The Dustin House or Dustin Garrison House is a historic First Period house at 665 Hilldale Avenue in Haverhill, Massachusetts. It was under construction by farmer and brick-maker Thomas Duston at the time of the 1697 attack on Haverhill during King William's War. It was during this raid that his wife, Hannah Duston, in bed at their existing home a half mile away, was captured by Native Americans. The house is one of a very small number of brick houses to survive from that time.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18746669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746669" title="Manuel Carpio">
Manuel Carpio

Manuel Carpio was a relevant writer, theologian, philosopher and doctor of the nineteenth century, and former member of the Mexican Romanticism. Born in the city of Cosamaloapan de Carpio in the State of Veracruz, he died in Mexico City.
His poetry has been published twice in a collection entitled under the name of Poesías del Sr. Doctor Don Manuel Carpio (1860)

</doc>
<doc id="18746672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746672" title="Dyke-Wheeler House">
Dyke-Wheeler House

The Dyke-Wheeler House is a historic colonial house at 144 Wheeler Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story plank-framed First Period house was built in about 1720, and has a typical center chimney plan. It was at one time believed to have been built earlier, in the 1660s, by a man named Richard Dyke. The house was later owned by the Wheeler family for whom Wheeler's Point, where the house is located, is named.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18746681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746681" title="Yoshio Kitajima">
Yoshio Kitajima

Yoshio Kitajima (born October 29, 1975 in Jōsō, Ibaraki, Japan) is a Japanese football player.
Kitajima previously played for Mito HollyHock and Shonan Bellmare.

</doc>
<doc id="18746692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746692" title="1997 International Tennis Championships">
1997 International Tennis Championships

The 1997 International Tennis Championships was an ATP tournament held in Coral Springs, Florida, USA. It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was held from May 5 to May 12, 1997. Jason Stoltenberg won the singles title.

</doc>
<doc id="18746693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746693" title="East End Historic District (Ipswich, Massachusetts)">
East End Historic District (Ipswich, Massachusetts)

The East End Historic District encompasses the historic eastern portion of central Ipswich, Massachusetts. The now predominantly residential district is bounded on the north and west by East Street, running from its junction with North Main and High Streets to Jeffrey's Neck Road. The eastern boundary includes the Ipswich River and Turkey Shore Road from its junction with Labor-in-Vain Road to Green Street, and the southern boundary runs along Green Street to North Main. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Historically, the district encompasses the part of Ipswich that served as its access to the sea. The very earliest structures in the new settlement were built in the area near what is now Town Wharf, and development radiated from that point. In the early years, this was a center of economic activity, with lumber and fishing interests shipping their products out. A shipbuilding industry was active in the area, and there were workshops for a diversity of trades, including pottery and tanning.
By the 19th century these early industries were in decline, and industrial activity in other parts of the town took over in importance, so the area began to develop a more residential character. The early First Period, Georgian, and Federalist houses began to be joined by 19th century housing featuring Greek Revival, Second Empire, and Italianate architecture. The Green Street bridge tied the area to the South Green area, leading to some further development along Turkey Shore Road, south of the Ipswich River. The district has more than sixty houses representing these periods of development.

</doc>
<doc id="18746706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746706" title="Kosuke Nakamachi">
Kosuke Nakamachi

After coming runner-up in the J2 player of the Year awards 2010 while playing for Avispa Fukuoka he was installed as Club Captain for the club as they returned to J1 in 2011.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 15 January 2012

</doc>
<doc id="18746707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746707" title="East Gloucester Square Historic District">
East Gloucester Square Historic District

East Gloucester Square Historic District is a historic district on E. Main Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts, roughly bounded by Inner Harbor, Smith Cove, Wonson Cove, and Mt. Pleasant Avenue.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18746717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746717" title="Li Hang">
Li Hang

Li Hang (, born 4 October 1990) is a Chinese professional snooker player, who made his debut on the Main Tour for the 2008/2009 season. He reached his first final in a professional event in 2012 at the Asian Players Tour Championship Event 3, where he lost 3–4 to Stuart Bingham.
Career.
Early years.
Li was entered into the wildcard round of the China Open as an amateur player for three consecutive years from 2006. He lost at this stage in 2006 and 2008, but in 2007 he beat Ian Preece 5–4 to reach the first round of a ranking event for the first time, where he lost 1–5 to 1997 world champion Ken Doherty. In April 2008, Li won the ACBS Asian Under-21 Snooker Championship with a 6–1 success over Li Yuan in the final. The title earned him a place on the 2008/2009 snooker tour.
Professional debut.
His first tournament as a professional was the 2008 Jiangsu Classic, where he finished last in his group, although he managed to beat the 2008 World Championship runner-up Ali Carter 2–0. In qualifying for the first ranking event of the year, the Northern Ireland Trophy, Li beat Robert Stephen 5–1 and David Morris 5–4 to reach the last qualifying round, where he was defeated 2–5 by Andrew Higginson. This was the closest he came to reaching the main stage of a tournament during the season, with it ending when Li lost 9–10 to Daniel Wells in the second round of World Championship qualifying. Li finished the year ranked world number 71.
2009/2010 season.
Li entered qualifying for five of the six ranking events during the 2009/2010 season, losing in the first round in the UK Championship, China Open and World Championship. At the Grand Prix he saw off Brendan O'Donoghue and David Roe both by last frame deciders, before losing 3–5 to Mark Davis. Li enjoyed his best run in qualifying for the Welsh Open, reaching the final round by eliminating Ian Preece, Jin Long and Mike Dunn, but was then beaten 4–5 by Fergal O'Brien.
Wildcard years.
As he lost his place on the snooker tour Li was once more considered an amateur player and could not enter qualifying for any ranking events. In the next three seasons he was placed into the wildcard round for five events in his homeland of China. The best run of his career to date came in the 2011 China Open by beating Ken Doherty 5–1 in the wildcard round and Graeme Dott 5–4 in the first round. By facing Shaun Murphy in the second round he played his third former world champion in succession and led 3–1 before being edged out 4–5. He also reached the first round the following year, but was whitewashed 0–5 by Mark Selby. In 2011 and 2012 Li entered Qualifying School in an attempt to win back his place on the tour, but was unsuccessful on each occasion. He won three matches to reach the quarter-finals and then beat compatriot Zhang Anda 4–2 and established top 32 player Robert Milkins 4–1 in the semis. The result saw him finish fourth on the Asian Order of Merit, inside the top eight who qualified for the 2013/2014 snooker tour. It also gave him a place in the PTC Finals, but he lost 0–4 to Barry Hawkins in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="18746725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746725" title="Genki Nagasato">
Genki Nagasato

Genki Nagasato (永里 源気, born December 16, 1985 in Atsugi, Kanagawa, Japan) is a Japanese football player who is currently playing for Ratchaburi.
He primarily plays as a left-winger but is capable of switching flanks to play on the right. Focused primarily on attacking he runs with the ball well and has an eye for goal, finishing as Avispa Fukuoka's top scorer in the 2010 season with 15 League goals.
Club career statistics.
Last update: 15 January 2010
Personal life.
His sister is Japan women's national football team player Yūki Ōgimi and Asano Nagasato.

</doc>
<doc id="18746732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746732" title="Mineralni Bani">
Mineralni Bani

Haskovski Mineralni Bani, officially known as Mineralni Bani (, pronounced ) is a spa village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Haskovo Province. It is the administrative centre of Mineralni Bani Municipality, which lies in the westernmost part of Haskovo Province. The village's name means "Haskovo Mineral Baths".
Mineralni Bani lies at the northern foot of the Eastern Rhodope Mountains, east of the Mechkovets ridge. Its former name was Meriçler.

</doc>
<doc id="18746733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746733" title="Emerson House (Methuen, Massachusetts)">
Emerson House (Methuen, Massachusetts)

The Emerson House is a historic colonial house at 58 Ayers Village Road in Methuen, Massachusetts.
This colonial farm house was built in 1750 and remains a well preserved 18th century dwelling and conserves a portion of the original rural landscape. It lies in the northeast corner of Methuen, near the Haverhill line and is a remnant of the rich agricultural history of the area.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places January 20, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18746742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746742" title="Emerson House (Haverhill, Massachusetts)">
Emerson House (Haverhill, Massachusetts)

The Emerson House is a historic late First Period house at 5—9 Pentucket Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The oldest part of this 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1730, and contains construction features characteristic of the transition between First and Second Period methods. The first part built was the central chimney with the right front rooms, which were followed later by the left side rooms, and then a rear leanto section. The left side was probably built by Nehemiah Emerson, who bought the house in 1787. The house was originally located at the corner of Winter and Pecker Streets, and was moved to its present location in the 1850s. It still retains elements of original Federal period styling.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18746755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746755" title="Werner Burger">
Werner Burger

Werner Burger (born 1958) is a German football coach, formerly the assistant manager at SPL side Heart of Midlothian F.C. He joined up with former Hearts manager Csaba Laszlo, at Tynecastle on 5 August 2008. He and Laszlo had previously studied for their pro-licences together in Germany.
He was previously a coach at FC Schaffhausen, Red Star Zurich and FC Kreuzlingen. He also had a period of working for the DFB and their U15-U19 youth setup.

</doc>
<doc id="18746756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746756" title="Capt. Oliver Emerson Homestead">
Capt. Oliver Emerson Homestead

The Capt. Oliver Emerson Homestead is a historic house at 133 North Street in Methuen, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1775 by Oliver Emerson, a locally notable leader of American Revolutionary War forces. The house is built on a rubble foundation, and features a large central chimney that is typical of Georgian houses. It is located on one Methuen's early roads, and is one of a few remaining houses that predate the height of the city's development in the mid 19th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places January 20, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18746760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746760" title="Morning Light">
Morning Light

Morning Light is a 2008 film directed by Mark Monroe and executive produced by Roy E. Disney. The film was released on October 17, 2008 by Walt Disney Pictures. The film chronicles a real-life crew training and competing in the 44th Transpacific Yacht Race aboard a TP52 class yacht, "Morning Light".
Plot.
"Morning Light" is a documentary that follows the youngest crew (by average age) to compete in the Transpac. All crew members were between 18 and 23 at the time. The film follows the formation of the "Morning Light" sailing team, their six months of training in advance of the yacht race, and finally the weeklong Los Angeles to Honolulu race itself.
The crew numbered 15 young sailors of varied experience: Chris Branning, Graham Brant-Zawadzki, Chris Clark, Charlie Enright, Jesse Fielding, Robbie Kane, Steve Manson, Chris Schubert, Kate Theisen, Mark Towill (at 18, the youngest crew member), Genny Tulloch, navigator Piet van Os, Chris Welch, Kit Will and the 21-year-old skipper, Jeremy Wilmot.
Production.
Executive producer Roy Disney was a sailing enthusiast and Transpac competitor who held several sailing speed records including the Los Angeles to Honolulu monohull time record, which he set on his boat "Pyewacket" in July 1999. The concept for the film came from TP52 Class Association executive director Tom Pollack, who passed it on to former ESPN producer Leslie DeMeuse, who has worked with Disney on other sailing-related film projects.
In early 2006, Roy E. Disney, longtime sailing master Robbie Haines and DeMeuse considered 538 applications and picked 30 finalists, from which 15 were chosen in a week of selection trials in Long Beach, California. Training began in Honolulu, Hawaii in January 2007, for two weeks at a time through late June, with time off in May. The 
team trained aboard the "Morning Light", which Disney purchased from software executive Philippe Kahn. Filming coincided with training and the race itself, which started July 15, 2007 and concluded ten days later.
Release.
The film was released on October 17, 2008. Prior to theatrical release, private screenings were held for yacht racing enthusiasts, including one hosted by Roy E. Disney for U.S. Sailing on March 14, 2008 in Newport, Rhode Island.

</doc>
<doc id="18746769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746769" title="G.B. Emmons House">
G.B. Emmons House

The G.B. Emmons House is a historic house at 283 Broadway in Methuen, Massachusetts. The two story Queen Anne house was built c. 1890 for G.B. Emmons, president of the Emmons Loom Harness Company located in neighboring Lawrence. Although the house is a fairly typical example of a stylish residential house built in Methuen and Lawrence during that time, it occupies a prominent position on a main road near the center of town, and has been well preserved.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18746776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746776" title="Engine House No. 6 (Lawrence, Massachusetts)">
Engine House No. 6 (Lawrence, Massachusetts)

Engine House No. 6 is a historic firehouse at 480 Howard Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
The Engine House was built in 1895 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004. Due to budget cuts the station was closed in 2008. In 2012 it was reopened with a grant from the government.

</doc>
<doc id="18746789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746789" title="English High School (Lynn, Massachusetts)">
English High School (Lynn, Massachusetts)

Lynn English High School (LEHS) is a public high school located at 50 Goodridge Street in the eastern section of Lynn, Massachusetts. Its student population is approximately 1,629 and its faculty consists of 1 principal, 3 vice principals, 8 department heads, 6 guidance counselors, 93 teachers, 1 librarian, and 3 paraprofessionals. Lynn English High School’s Mission Statement is "To provide all students with the opportunity to acquire knowledge and skills within a safe and supportive environment and to promote respectful, responsible behavior".
History.
English High School dates to September 12, 1887, but has since occupied several buildings and locations in the city of Lynn. Formerly housed in the Lynn Shoe School on High Street, a new building was constructed opposite of the old building at the corner of Essex and Liberty Streets in 1892, with the first class of 77 students graduating June 1893 The 1892 Romanesque style structure, now converted into residences, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Lynn English moved to its current location at 50 Goodridge Street on former marshlands (in what is now Keaney Park) in 1931. The new building features large stately columns, white brick, and a large classical auditorium. Local legend states the foundation of the school was poured on remnants of glass tonic bottles produced by local manufacturer Lydia Pinkham. The current building was renovated and expanded in the late 1990s to include the Cavanaugh Gym complex, an enlarged cafeteria, additional parking and landscaping, as well as fully renovated classrooms and offices.

</doc>
<doc id="18746790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746790" title="1998 International Tennis Championships">
1998 International Tennis Championships

The 1998 International Tennis Championships was an ATP tournament held in Coral Springs, Florida, USA. The tournament was held from May 4 to May 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18746798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746798" title="Stambolovo">
Stambolovo

Stambolovo () may refer to several villages in Bulgaria named after Stefan Stambolov:

</doc>
<doc id="18746803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746803" title="Essex Company Machine Shop">
Essex Company Machine Shop

Essex Company Machine Shop is a historic machine shop on Union Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It was built in 1846 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
History.
The Essex Company was incorporated on March 20, 1845 for the purpose of creating a manufacturing town on the Merrimack River. The town eventually became Lawrence.
A branch of the Boston and Maine Railroad encircled the complex to allow for delivery of raw materials and coal.
In 1850, the complex employed 400 but was designed with the capacity to employ 800-1000 workers.
Description of the building.
The machine shop building is one of the few remaining structures from the original Essex Company site. It is long and wide. It is four stories high and was designed to allow access to steam locomotives. The other surviving structure is the 142' (43 m) high chimney.

</doc>
<doc id="18746817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746817" title="USRC Benjamin Rush">
USRC Benjamin Rush

The USRC "Benjamin Rush" was a United States Revenue Cutter stationed at Presque Isle, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1827 in Erie and was launched on 13 September 1828. The USRC "Benjamin Rush" has often been confused with the USRC "Richard Rush", which was in service at the same time. The ship was named for the signer of the Declaration of Independence, Benjamin Rush.
Daniel Dobbins was in command of the USRC "Benjamin Rush" from 1829 to 1833. Its successor was the USRC "Erie". The USRC "Benjamin Rush" was sold in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="18746820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746820" title="Essex Company Offices and Yard">
Essex Company Offices and Yard

The Essex Company Offices and Yard, at 6 Essex Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts, are the historic headquarters of the Essex Company, which was responsible for Lawrence's founding in 1847 and development in the 19th century. These facilities were built in 1883-84, and consist of a street-facing office building and four others: a carpenter's shop, foundry, garage, and storage building. They were designed by Hiram Mills, the Essex Company's chief engineer. It is currently the home of the Lawrence History Center's Immigrant City Archives and Museum.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and included in the North Canal Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18746823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746823" title="Jacob Emmitt">
Jacob Emmitt

Jacob Emmitt (born 4 October 1988), is a professional rugby league footballer for Leigh Centurions of The Championship. A Wales international representative prop, he spent the 2010 season on loan at Leigh.
Emmitt joined Castleford Tigers on a 2 year deal on September 16, 2010. The following month he represented Wales in the Alitalia European Cup.
He signed an 18 month deal with Salford City Reds in April 2013, but left Salford and signed a contract to return to Leigh Centurions for the 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18746824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746824" title="Kei Uemura">
Kei Uemura

Kei Uemura (植村 慶, "Uemura Kei" born September 24, 1981 in Kanagawa) is a Japanese football player.
Career statistics.
Last update: 28 January 2010

</doc>
<doc id="18746848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746848" title="Naoya Umeda">
Naoya Umeda

Umeda played for Sanfrecce Hiroshima, Montedio Yamagata, Shonan Bellmare and Gainare Tottori in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18746856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746856" title="Essex Institute Historic District">
Essex Institute Historic District

The Essex Institute Historic District is a historic district at 134-132, 128, 126 Essex Street and 13 Washington Square West in Salem, Massachusetts. It consists of a compact group of properties associated with the Essex Institute, founded in 1848 and merged in 1992 into the Peabody Essex Museum. Listed by increasing street number, they are: the Crowninshield-Bentley House, the Gardner-Pingree House (a National Historic Landmark), the John Tucker Daland House, and the Phillips Library (the latter two are physically connected). The John Ward House, which fronts on Brown Street but shares the 132 Essex Street address, is another National Historic Landmark within the district. The Andrew Safford House at 13 Washington Square West, built in 1819, was said to be the most expensive home in New England at the time.
The principal buildings of the district are the Daland House and the Phillips Library, the latter of which was the main Essex Institute building. The Daland House was built in 1851, the Library in 1857, and the combination now serve as the library and research facility of the Peabody Essex Museum. The Library is a two story building, although the second floor is two normal stories high (with suitably large windows), and originally served as exhibition space.
The area behind the Phillips Library and south of Brown Street is a garden area that includes two other historical structures: the Vaughan Doll House, a modest late 17th century one-room structure that may have been a Quaker meeting house, and the Lyle-Tapley Shoe Shop. They both stand near the John Ward House, which faces into the garden as well.
Just to the east of the Daland House stands the Gardner-Pingree House, an elegant Federal mansion built in 1804 by noted Salem architect Samuel McIntire. To its east, at the corner of Essex and Washington Square West, stands the Bentley-Crowninshield House, a c. 1727 Georgian house that was relocated from a site across Essex Street in 1860. The Andrew-Safford House is behind the Bentley-Crowninshield House, facing Salem Common.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1972; all of the properties in the district were also included in the Salem Common Historic District in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18746866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746866" title="Fuel (album)">
Fuel (album)

Fuel is the first album of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18746873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746873" title="Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library">
Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library

The Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library is an exuberant Shingle Style building at 30 Martin Street in Essex, Massachusetts in the United States. Containing town offices, a public library and an auditorium, it was built in 1893-94, and its architect was Frank W. Weston, of Boston and Malden, Massachusetts.
The new building was described in the March 1894 issue of "The Library Journal":
Essex (Mass.) PL[ibrary, The new town-hall and library building was dedicated on the afternoon of Feb. 15. A large audience was present at the dedication exercises, which included an oration by Rev. D. O. Mears, music, several short addresses, and the reading of poems. In the evening there was a concert, followed by dancing.
The building which combines town-hall and library has just been completed after plans by Frank W. Weston, a Malden architect. The lower story is built of field-stone, and the upper part, including the tower, of wood. The interior is finished in antique oak, and the walls are painted in hues of brown and yellow. In the upper story is situated the town-hall proper. It has a seating capacity for 550. There is a stage and a gallery which will allow of entertainments being given there. One-half of the lower floor is devoted to the library, and will accommodate several thousand books. From the entrance there is a hallway that turns abruptly to the right, and on this passage are doors leading to the offices of the selectmen, the treasurer, and 
other officials. There are three entrances to the building, the main entrance being through an 
attractive carriageway into a spacious vestibule. 
In the tower is the clock, with chime-bells, which strike the hour, presented to the town by L. G. Burnham.
Both the land and the building were gifts of the late T: O. H. P. Burnham, of Boston, who 
was a native of Essex. Mr. Burnham died in 1891, and by his will the town received $30,000, 
half of which was for the town and the other half for a public library. Previous to this the 
town had come into possession of $5000 through the will of the late Dr. J: D. Russ, also a 
native of Essex. It was decided to build the town-hall and the library together.
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18746878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746878" title="Toshitaka Tsurumi">
Toshitaka Tsurumi

Toshitaka Tsurumi (born December 22, 1986 in Fujisawa, Kanagawa, Japan) is a Japanese football player.
Tsurumi previously played for Shonan Bellmare in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18746883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746883" title="Estey Tavern">
Estey Tavern

The Estey Tavern is a historic tavern at 1 Central Street in Middleton, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame tavern house was built in 1753 by Samuel Bradford, who operated the tavern until 1763, when it was taken over by John Estey. The building is notable in part because its eastern ell encapsulates elements of a 17th-century building, including a chimney and some beams. The building has been converted to residential use, housing three living units.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18746887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746887" title="Chris McBreen">
Chris McBreen

Chris McBreen is a professional New Zealand snooker player, living in Germany. He was runner-up in the Oceania Play-Offs, however Glen Wilkinson who beat him decided not take his place on the Main Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18746889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746889" title="Na'ale">
Na'ale

Na'ale (, "lit." Exalted) is a communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located near Modi'in, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 655.
The village was established in 1988 by a group of Israel Aerospace Industries employees.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18746892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746892" title="Fabens Building">
Fabens Building

The Fabens Building is a historic commercial building at 312-344 Union Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1890, replacing two buildings that were destroyed in Lynn's disastrous 1889 fire. It was built for William Fabens, a Marblehead lawyer and judge who maintained offices in the city and sat on the city police court. The building had seven storefronts on the ground floor, with office space on the upper floors. Designed by local architect Henry W. Rogers, it is one Lynn's most significant Romanesque Revival buildings.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18746896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746896" title="Tatsuyuki Tomiyama">
Tatsuyuki Tomiyama

Tatsuyuki Tomiyama (冨山 達行, born August 27, 1982 in Japan) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Gainare Tottori in Japan Football League.
Tomiyama previously played for Shonan Bellmare in the J. League Division 2.

</doc>
<doc id="18746898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746898" title="Federal Street District">
Federal Street District

The Federal Street District is a residential and civic historic district in Salem, Massachusetts. It is an expansion of an earlier listing of the Essex County Court Buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. In addition to the former county court buildings included in the earlier listing, the district expansion in 1983 encompasses the entire block of Federal Street between Washington and North Streets. It includes buildings from 32 to 65 Federal Street, as well as the Tabernacle Church at 50 Washington Street.
The original court was built in 1785. The Old Granite Courthouse, also known as the County Commissioner's Building, was built in 1841 in the Greek Revival architectural style. Adjacent to that is the Superior Court, pictured below. Built in 1862, the Superior Court is an Italianate structure that was later remodeled into the Richardsonian Romanesque style of architecture. A large new court has been constructed down the street.
Most of the residential properties on this block of Federal Street were built between 1810 and 1900. The notable exception is #47, which is a Georgian gambrel-roofed house built in the second half of the 18th century. Most of the houses are either Italianate or Second Empire in their styling; there is one Colonial Revival house, #62, built 1900. The Tabernacle Church, which abuts Federal Street but faces Washington Street, is a Georgian Revival structure built in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18746903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746903" title="1999 Citrix Tennis Championships">
1999 Citrix Tennis Championships

The 1999 Citrix Tennis Championships was an ATP tournament held in Delray Beach, Florida, USA. The tournament was held from May 3 to May 10.

</doc>
<doc id="18746919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746919" title="Nathaniel Felton Houses">
Nathaniel Felton Houses

The Nathaniel Felton Houses are a pair of historic houses at 43 and 47 Felton Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. The Peabody Historical Society owns and operates the homes as historic house museums.
The house of Nathaniel Felton, Sr., at 47 Felton Street, was built in 1644, and is the oldest house in Peabody. The house of his son, Nathaniel Felton, Jr., was built in 1683 at a different location, and moved to its present location by his grandson.
The houses were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18746921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746921" title="Takayoshi Toda">
Takayoshi Toda

Takayoshi Toda (戸田 賢良, born December 8, 1979 in Miyakonojō, Miyazaki, Japan) is a Japanese football player.
Toda previously played for Shonan Bellmare in the J. League Division 2.
His elder brother Mitsuhiro is also a former Japanese footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18746923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746923" title="Ignoring the Guidelines">
Ignoring the Guidelines

Ignoring the Guidelines is the second album of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18746931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746931" title="Great South League">
Great South League

The Great South League is a collegiate summer baseball league which comprises teams located in the states of Georgia, Florida, Alabama, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia. Teams consist of current college baseball players from the JUCO, NAIA, and NCAA levels who wish to further their skills by practicing and playing during the summer off-season.
History of the Great South League.
In the fall of 2005, the Georgia Collegiate League was founded by the Georgia Dugout Club in order to promote wood-bat summer league baseball within the state of Georgia. After two successful seasons of playing ball, the GCL formally adopted the new name, the Great South League, and expanded to include 12 teams in the states of Georgia, Florida, and Alabama for the 2008 season. Currently, the GSL has four divisions with 24 teams spread across the Southeast. The GSL seeks to allow college baseball players of all intercollegiate levels continue their development and improve their style of play. Bill Park has served as the Leagues President since 2007 becoming Commissioner in 2010 upon the retirement of founding Commissioner, Harvey Cochran. 
Past, Present, and Future Teams of the GSL.
Current Teams of the GSL.
At Large Division
North Division
East Division
West Division
Future Teams.
In a series of press releases, the Great South League announced it would again expand in the 2011 season, to 30 teams in a seven state area. Likewise, the 2010 season will feature three divisions, each with 5-6 teams plus an "At Large" division. The North Division will consist of seven members joining from the Carolina-Virginia League. Meanwhile, the East and West Divisions will consist of both new teams and current members. A new team, the Tennessee Styx, will be in the "At Large" Division. The GSL has announced expansion plans for 2011 with two new Divisions, Northwest including teams from Tennessee: Knoxville, Athens, Cleveland, and Chattanooga TN and a Metro Atlanta Division consisting of 6 teams.
2008 Final Standings.
North Division
South Division

</doc>
<doc id="18746932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746932" title="Fish Flake Hill Historic District">
Fish Flake Hill Historic District

The Fish Flake Hill Historic District encompasses a section of Front Street in Beverly, Massachusetts that includes a remarkable concentration of colonial buildings, and which was notable for its importance in the American Revolutionary War. The district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971, includes properties on both sides of Front Street between Cabot and Bartlett Streets. It includes houses dating to the middle 18th century, sixteen of which have been documented as being associated with ship captains active in the American Revolutionary War. The port area of Beverly was one of the most active during the war, and was one of the places where many captured ships were brought.

</doc>
<doc id="18746939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746939" title="G.719">
G.719

G.719 is an ITU-T standard audio codec providing high quality, moderate bit rate (32 to 128 kbit/s) wideband (20 Hz - 20 kHz audio bandwidth, 48 kHz audio sample rate) audio coding at low computational load. It was produced through a collaboration between Polycom and Ericsson.
G.719 incorporates elements of Polycom's Siren22 codec (22 kHz) and Ericsson codec technology, as well as Polycom's Siren7 and Siren14 codecs (G.722.1 and G.722.1 Annex C), which have been used in videoconferencing systems for many years. As ITU-T Recommendation G.719, it was approved on June 13, 2008.
G.719 is optimized for both speech and music. It is based on transform coding with adaptive time-resolution, adaptive bit-allocation and low complexity lattice vector quantization. The computational complexity is quite low (18 floating-point MIPS) for an efficient high-quality compressor. The codec operates on 20 ms frames, and the algorithmic delay end-to-end is 40 ms. The encoder input and decoder output are sampled at 48 kHz.
In addition to the nominal bit rates of 32, 48 and 64 kbit/s, the G.719 codec has an inherent feature of flexible rate selection. In fact, it is possible to accommodate any rate between 32 kbit/s and 64 kbit/s by steps of 4 kbit/s. Moreover, the codec can also provide higher rates than 64 kbit/s and up to 128 kbit/s.
Amendment 1 of the ITU-T G.719 specification defined the use of the ISO base media file format (ISO/IEC 14496-12 a.k.a. MPEG-4 Part 12) as container for the G.719 bitstream. It also defined stereo and multichannel use of G.719 bitstreams in the ISO base media file format. It addresses non-conversational use cases of the codec (e.g. call waiting music playback and recording of teleconferencing sessions, voice mail messages). Thus, media file formats such as MP4 (audio/mp4 or video/mp4) and 3GP (audio/3GPP and video/3GPP) can contain G.719-encoded audio.
RFC 5404 defined media type audio/G719.
Licensing.
G.719 is licensed by Polycom, Inc. and by Ericsson; both licenses are necessary for use. Polycom licensees also receive the right to use G.722.1 (Siren7, Polycom's 7 kHz codec), and G.722.1 Annex C (Siren14, the 14 kHz equivalent).

</doc>
<doc id="18746940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746940" title="Flint Farm">
Flint Farm

The Flint Farm is a historic farmhouse at 85 Osgood Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built in 1810 for farmer John Flint, and remained in the family until it was sold by his grandchildren in 1894. It is a two story wood frame with a hip roof and two side chimneys. It is a comparatively ambitious and sophisticated Federal style house for a rural area.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18746942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746942" title="Here Comes the Pain (song)">
Here Comes the Pain (song)

"Here Comes the Pain" is a single by the German heavy metal band Farmer Boys, from their third album "The World Is Ours". A video was made for title track.

</doc>
<doc id="18746947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746947" title="Tomo Sugawara">
Tomo Sugawara


</doc>
<doc id="18746950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746950" title="Frank A. Palmer and Louise B. Crary (shipwreck)">
Frank A. Palmer and Louise B. Crary (shipwreck)

"Frank A. Palmer" and "Louise B. Crary" are a historic dual shipwreck site in the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary, off Gloucester, Massachusetts.
Nathaniel T. Palmer and the New England Shipbuilding Company built the "Frank A. Palmer" in 1897. The "Louise B. Crary" was launched in 1900. Both were wooden-hulled coal-carrying schooners. At 274 feet (83.5 meters), the "Frank A. Palmer" may be the largest four-masted schooner ever built. The "Louise B. Crary" was 267 feet (81.4 meters) long and had five masts. 
In 1899, the "Frank A. Palmer" grounded near Tathem's life-saving station in New Jersey, but was refloated on July 23.
The ships were each carrying 3,000 tons of coal from Newport News, Virginia, to Boston when they collided during the gale and sank together. Eleven of the 21 sailors lost their lives. The wrecks were located in 2002 in the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary. The shipwreck was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18746955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746955" title="José Antonio Hernández-Díez">
José Antonio Hernández-Díez

Jose Antonio Hernandez-Diez (1964, Caracas, Venezuela) is a South American artist who works with sculpture, photography and installation art. Hernandez-Diez currently lives and works in Barcelona, Spain and Caracas, Venezuela.
Biography.
Jose Antonio Hernandez-Diez studied at el Centro de Formación Cinematográfica de Caracas. His work has been included in numerous exhibitions, including the 2003 Venice Bienniale and the 1999 Carnegie International. Since 1991, Hernandez-Diez has had solo exhibitions of his work in São Paulo, New York, Madrid and Caracas, among many others. Hernández-Díez also had a major retrospective exhibition that travelled to a number of museums including the New Museum in New York, SITE Santa Fe and the Palm Beach Institute of Contemporary Art, Palm Beach, Florida from 2002 to 2003.
Hernández-Díez is part of a new generation of Venezuelan artists who emerged in the late 1980s. He uses "street" materials such as skateboards, sneakers, record players and other audio equipment and bicycles in order to develop a personal iconography centered on familiar, often domestic, objects. The ordinary is made extraordinary through Hernández-Díez’s provocative, darkly humorous use of material and scale. He manipulates the objects, often by physically reconfiguring them in such a way that invests the quotidian with philosophical and emotional resonance. Elements from his Venezuelan childhood are combined with those that reference a more global pop culture.

</doc>
<doc id="18746958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746958" title="Yusuke Sato">
Yusuke Sato

Yusuke Sato (佐藤 悠介, born November 2, 1977 in Kitamoto, Saitama, Japan) is a Japanese former football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18746959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746959" title="Betzner Falls">
Betzner Falls

Betzner Falls is a 6.3 metre high twin classic cascade waterfall found on private property in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Hermitage ruins, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle, Crooks Hollow Conservation Area, Christie Lake Conservation Area, Weir's Falls, Steven’s Falls.
Directions.
Inaccessible without permission from owner.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18746969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746969" title="Flint Public Library">
Flint Public Library

The Charles Flint Public Library is the public library of Middleton, Massachusetts. It is located in a Richardsonian Romanesque building at 2 North Main Street in the center of the town. The building, the only Romanesque building in Middleton, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
Construction of the building was funded by a posthumous grant from writer, agriculturalist, and Middleton native Charles L. Flint, and designed by George Loring and Stanford Phipps, regional architects known for their public buildings. The building's stained glass windows were designed by Glasgow-born artist Donald MacDonald.

</doc>
<doc id="18746970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746970" title="Karina Sumner-Smith">
Karina Sumner-Smith

Karina Sumner-Smith is a Toronto-based fantasy author. Her short fiction appears in magazines such as "Strange Horizons", "Lady Churchill's Rosebud Wristlet", and "Fantasy", as well as various anthologies. Her story "An End to All Things" was a finalist for the 2006 Nebula Award. She is a graduate of both York University and the Clarion Writers Workshop (2001).

</doc>
<doc id="18746981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746981" title="Follansbee House">
Follansbee House

The Follansbee House is a historic house at 459 Lowell Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built in 1835 by Paul Bailey Follansbee, previously of West Newbury, Massachusetts. This house is a locally distinctive example of an elaborate Greek Revival house, with a low pitch hipped roof, four pilasters on the front facade, and a center portico supported by Ionic columns.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18746984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746984" title="Dedication (Raised Fist album)">
Dedication (Raised Fist album)

Dedication is the third album of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18746986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746986" title="Richard Dugard Grainger">
Richard Dugard Grainger

Richard Dugard Grainger FRCS FRS (1801 – 1 Feb 1865) was an English surgeon, anatomist and physiologist.
Grainger was born in Birmingham, the son of a surgeon, and educated at a grammar school. He was the brother of Edward Grainger, whose anatomical school he carried forward. He ran the private Webb Street anatomy school for twenty years before joining St Thomas's Hospital as a lecturer from 1842 to 1860. 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England and delivered their Hunterian oration in 1848. He was an inspector for the Children's Employment Commission (1841), the Board of Health (1849), author of a report on cholera (1850) and inspector under the Burials Act 1853. Grainger refused money from a testimonial, which was then used to found the Grainger prize. He was the author of "Elements of general anatomy" (1829) and "Observations on... the spinal cord" (1837). 
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in January 1846 for his work on the spinal cord, which supported Marshall Hall's work on the reflex arc. His application citation read: "The Discoverer of the structure of the Fallopian Tube in Mammalia. The Author of Observations on the Structure & Functions of the Spinal Cord, &c. Distinguished for his acquaintance with the science of physiology. Eminent as a Physiologist". 
A tall, stooping man, he was a medical and social reformer, and was active in the Christian Medical Association. 

</doc>
<doc id="18746989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746989" title="Koji Sakamoto">
Koji Sakamoto

Sakamoto played 456 J. League games for Shonan Bellmare (a club record) between 2000 and 2012, also being for many years the team's captain.

</doc>
<doc id="18746997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18746997" title="Fort Lee (Salem, Massachusetts)">
Fort Lee (Salem, Massachusetts)

Fort Lee is a historic American Revolutionary War fort in Salem, Massachusetts. The site, located at a high point next to Fort Avenue on Salem Neck, is a relatively rare fortification from that period whose remains are relatively unaltered. Although there is some documentary evidence that the Neck was fortified as early as the 17th century, the earthworks built in 1776 are the first clear evidence of the site's military use. The site, of which only overgrown earthworks survive, was repaired at the time of the War of 1812 and the American Civil War, but was not substantially modified in those times, or overbuilt with more modern fortifications.
The property was federalized in 1867, and transferred to the City of Salem in 1922. The site was briefly rehabilitated at the time of the United States bicentennial in 1976, with trails and interpretive signs, but these were later removed, and the site has again become overgrown. The fort site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18747008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747008" title="Hiroyuki Omata">
Hiroyuki Omata

Hiroyuki Omata (尾亦　弘友希, born September 1, 1983 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Japanese club Avispa Fukuoka.
Club career stats.
As of 30 November 2013

</doc>
<doc id="18747014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747014" title="Fort Pickering">
Fort Pickering

Fort Pickering is a 17th-century historic fort site on Winter Island in Salem, Massachusetts. Fort Pickering operated as a strategic coastal defense and military barracks for Salem Harbor during a variety of periods, serving as a fortification from the Anglo-Dutch Wars through World War II. Construction of the original fort began in 1643 and it saw use as a military installation into the 20th century. Fort Pickering is a First System fortification named for Colonel Timothy Pickering, adjutant general of the Continental Army and secretary of War in 1795. Today, the remains of the fort are open to the public as part of the Winter Island Maritime Park, operated by the City of Salem.
17th century.
Winter Island at the time of English settlement in the early 1600s was an island separated from the mainland, held as common land by the Proprietors and used as a fortification and for fishing activities.
18th century.
The old fortification which was named Fort William then renamed Fort Anne (for then Queen Anne), was rebuilt around 1706 under the direction of the Royal Engineers who had originally been sent by King William III to fortify the colonies. In 1794, the City of Salem ceded the fort to the federal government and a new fort was constructed in its place. Major repairs to the fort were conducted in 1796 and a restoration in 1799. Later in 1799 it was renamed Fort Pickering in honor of Timothy Pickering, then Secretary of State of the U.S.
19th century.
The fort received its fourth military restoration in 1814. During the 1800s the island was used primarily for fortification and in 1864 the City of Salem again ceded the island to the federal government in support of the Civil War efforts.
20th century.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. In 1994, the National Register designated the entire collection of cultural resources at Winter Island and Fort Pickering as the "Winter Island Historic District and Archeological District."

</doc>
<doc id="18747019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747019" title="Stephen Craigie">
Stephen Craigie

Stephen Craigie (born 19 June 1990) is an English professional snooker player from Newcastle. As a junior he won a number of tournaments and he managed to secure his place on the Main Tour for the first time in the 2008/2009 season by winning the European Under-19 Championship. 
However he was unable to retain his place, his season culminating in a 10-5 defeat to Lee Spick in the first qualifying round of the World Championship.
Craigie's younger brother Sam is also a professional snooker player.

</doc>
<doc id="18747023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747023" title="Xu Yuan (footballer)">
Xu Yuan (footballer)

Xu Yuan (; born November 17, 1985 in Chongqing) is a female Chinese football (soccer) striker who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Xu plays in the forward position. She was expected to be the next Sun Wen.
Xu was called up to the Chinese Youth Team in 2004, and won a silver medal that year at the Asian Youth Football Games. She also participated for the U-19 team, and helped them reach the final of 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship. Xu joined the Chinese national team in November 2007, and her first major tournament was the Olympic Games, which were given greater eminence due their being held in Beijing. There, she scored the first goal for the team in the opening match, which saw China post a 2–1 win over Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18747027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747027" title="2000 Citrix Tennis Championships">
2000 Citrix Tennis Championships

The 2000 Citrix Tennis Championships was an ATP tournament held in Delray Beach, Florida, USA and was part of the 2000 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from February 28 to March 6.

</doc>
<doc id="18747028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747028" title="Nahliel">
Nahliel

Nahliel () is an Haredi Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located close to the Palestinian villages of Beitillu and Deir 'Ammar, and some from Modi'in, it falls under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 278. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The settlement was established in October 1984 by the Agudat Israel Workers movement, and was named after the biblical city of Nahaliel and a book by Isaac Breuer, the founder of Agudat Israel Workers. According to its website it is a “warm, Torah-centered community, a place where it is fun to live," with a population of 80 families. According to Dror Etkes of Peace Now, writing in 2005, the settlers are radicals on the fringe of the ultra-Orthodox society, making it rather atypical among the ultra-Orthodox settlements. Nahliel, it is also asserted, is similar to other isolated ultra-Orthodox settlements in its overall failure to thrive.
During the Al-Aqsa Intifada, 2 Israeli women were ambushed and wounded by Palestinian militants near Nahliel.
In March 2005 a group of 30 to 40 Jewish seminary students used clubs and stones to beat 8 Palestinian men employed in Nahliel as they were entering the settlement.
North and east of Nahliel are lands belonging to the Palestinians of the village of Beitillu, whose residents are allowed to work on their orchards only a few days every year. Much damage to Palestinian olive groves contiguous to the settlement has taken place in 2012, but the culprits are unknown. The area is surrounded by barbed wire. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747029" title="Fort Sewall">
Fort Sewall

Fort Sewall is a historic coastal fortification in Marblehead, Massachusetts. It is located at Gale's Head, the northeastern point of the main Marblehead peninsula, on a promontory that overlooks the entrance to Marblehead Harbor. Established in 1644, it is one of the oldest English coastal fortifications in the United States. Known for many years as either Marblehead Fort or the Fort on Gale's Head, it was given its present name in 1814 in honor of Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice Samuel Sewall, who died in that year.
The fort was expanded in 1742, and a barracks and magazine were added in 1794 after the federal government took over the property. The fort was turned over to the town in 1922, and is now open as a public park. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18747031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747031" title="Satoshi Yokoyama">
Satoshi Yokoyama

Satoshi Yokoyama (born February 14, 1980 in Japan) is a Japanese football player.
He previously played for Shonan Bellmare and Omiya Ardija.

</doc>
<doc id="18747032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747032" title="Karl Priebe">
Karl Priebe

Karl J. Priebe was an American painter from Milwaukee, Wisconsin whose studies and paintings of birds, exotic animals, and African-American culture won him international recognition.
Biography.
Priebe, was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to Emil and Katherine Priebe. He went on to study and graduate from the Layton School of Art, which closed due to financial insolvency in 1974. He also studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago graduating in 1938. After serving on the anthropology staff of the Milwaukee Public Museum (1938–1942) and as director of the Kalamazoo Institute of the Arts (1943–1944), he returned to Layton as an instructor in 1947.
He was one of the few Wisconsin artists of his generation to escape the regionalist label and win showings in prestigious galleries, like those in New York City. His paintings were shown at major public and private galleries, among them the Milwaukee Art Museum, the Corcoran Gallery, Museum of Modern Art, and the Art Institute of Chicago.
He drew the inspiration for his works from numerous locations. His paintings of exotic animals can be attributed to his numerous trips to the Milwaukee County Zoo while attending the Layton School of Art. He first became interested in African American culture when, as an art student in Chicago, he taught a class in a settlement house largely attended by African Americans. His black figures, he recalled later, were not intended as portraits, but were taken from his memories of people he saw in the settlement house. 
He was the only Milwaukeean ever to receive the Prix de Rome, an honor accorded to him in 1941. Because of wartime condition he was unable to use the grant to study in Europe. Throughout his creative life Priebe was known for his love of black culture. He was a longtime friend of such jazz greats as Billie Holiday, Pearl Bailey and Dizzy Gillespie and of painters Gertrude Abercrombie and John Wilde.
Later life.
In his later years Priebe suffered from a number of ailments. In November 1975 he had one of his eyes surgically removed. After that his health began to decline. He died at his home in Milwaukee after a long struggle with cancer on July 5, 1976, he was 62 years old.
Archival Collections.
Marquette University Special Collections and University Archives 
See also.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Image:Karlpriebenancyberghaus.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="18747037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747037" title="Rae Bridgman">
Rae Bridgman

Rae St. Clair Bridgman is a Canadian anthropologist, and the author/illustrator of The MiddleGate Books, a series of fantasy books for children inspired by the Narcisse Snake Pits of Narcisse, Manitoba -- "The Serpent’s Spell" (McNally Robinson Book for Young People finalist 2006), "Amber Ambrosia" and "Fish and Sphinx" (Speculative Literature Foundation Honourable Mention 2008). The books feature the adventures of young cousins Wil and Sophie who live in the secret, magical city of MiddleGate, which has been beset by the return of an ancient secret society known as the Serpent's Chain.
Bridgman is also the author of "StreetCities: Rehousing the Homeless" (Broadview Press, 2006) and "Safe Haven: The Story of a Shelter for Homeless Women" (University of Toronto Press, 2003), co-author of "Braving the Street: The Anthropology of Homelessness" (Berghahn Books, 1999) and co-editor of ""Feminist Fields: Ethnographic Insights" (Broadview Press, 1999).
Background.
Rae Bridgman was born in Toronto, and now lives in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Bridgman received her Bachelor of Arts degree (Classics) and her Bachelor of Music from the University of Toronto, and her Master's (Interdisciplinary Studies) and PhD (Anthropology) from York University. She holds the position of Professor in the Department of City Planning at the University of Manitoba in the Faculty of Architecture, and is a founding member of BridgmanCollaborative Architecture, a Winnipeg architectural firm. Her work spans children's fantasy novels and scholarly books. 
Bridgman illustrates her fantasy novels with distinctive pen-and-ink drawings. Her books are also unique for their word-play and use of Latin as a magical language.
Works.
Non-fiction:
Fiction:

</doc>
<doc id="18747041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747041" title="Gen. Gideon Foster House">
Gen. Gideon Foster House

The Gen. Gideon Foster House is a historic house at 35 Washington Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. The two story Federal style wood frame house was built in the early 1800s at a location on Main Street. The house was bought in 1815 by Gideon Foster, a local veteran of the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812. The house was later owned by Eben Sutton, a local textile manufacturer, who sold the house so that it could be moved to make way for a larger house on the same lot.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and included in the Washington Street Historic District in 1985. It is the current home of the Peabody Historical Society, which acquired the property in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18747049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747049" title="Phineas Foster House">
Phineas Foster House

The Phineas Foster House is a historic First Period house at 11 Old Topsfield Road in Boxford, Massachusetts. Like many First Period houses it was built in stages. The first portion, built c. 1725, was a single cell to the right of what is now the central chimney. It was extended with a matching section on the left side of the chimney later in the First Period, and acquired a two story kitchen ell late in the 18th century, giving the house an L shape. The front porch entry is a Federal period addition, and the central chimney has been rebuilt. The house is named for the owner of the property in 1799.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990, where it is listed at 15 Old Topsfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18747056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747056" title="Wyoming Highway 70">
Wyoming Highway 70

Wyoming Highway 70 is a state highway in southern Wyoming. The route travels from an intersection with Wyoming Highway 789 in Baggs eastward to Wyoming Highway 230 in Riverside. WYO 70 over Battle Pass is closed during winter (November to April). The section of the route within Medicine Bow National Forest is designated the Battle Pass Scenic Byway.
Recreation.
The Contienental Divide Trail traverses Battle Pass. Resupply is available in the nearby Town of Encampment to the east. See Yogi'sTown Guide for details.
Route description.
Wyoming Highway 70 begins in Baggs at Wyoming Highway 789 and heads east through southern Carbon County near the Colorado state line. Highway 70 travels through the communities of Dixon and Savery before dipping across the state line, where a short section passes through Slater, Colorado (between mileposts 15.34 and 16.24). This short section through Moffat County, Colorado is not part of the Colorado State Highway System, and is maintained by the Wyoming Department of Transportation. At 16.7 miles, Wyoming 70 intersects with former Colorado State Highway 129, which used to connect US 40 with Wyoming 70. It is now Moffat CR 1. Thereafter the highway travels through very scenic Medicine Bow National Forest (between mileposts 21.25 and 51.10) and passes over Battle Pass at an elevation of . After leaving the national forest, Highway 70 passes through Encampment and then on to Riverside where it ends at its junction with WYO 230.
During the spring of 2011, a landslide occurred on WYO 70 near milepost 31, about halfway between Baggs and Encampment. The slide destroyed a 1,000-foot length of the highway, and the road was closed to through traffic for several weeks. As a result, a temporary one-lane detour was constructed. Reconstruction of the road where the slide occurred was ruled out after geologic investigations found the slide is likely to continue moving in the future. Work to realign WYO 70 around to the north of the slide area is being done. WYDOT anticipates the realignment project would require two construction seasons, during which time the existing detour would be maintained.
On November 15, 2012, The Wyoming Highway Commission designated Wyoming State Highway 70 as the Battle Pass Scenic Byway. A local support group, Battle Pass Scenic Byway Alliance, Inc. is a non-profit organization that is coordinating the interpretive signage along this unique roadway across the Continental Divide.
History.
Between the 1940s and 1960s, Wyoming Highway 70 connected with former Colorado State Highway 129, which used to connect US 40 with Wyoming 70. During the time Highway 129 existed, WY 70 didn't exist as it does now. Only the western part from SH 129 to Baggs was designated as Highway 70. Former Colorado State Highway 129 is now Routt County Route 129.

</doc>
<doc id="18747057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747057" title="Shinkichi Kikuchi">
Shinkichi Kikuchi

Shinkichi Kikuchi (菊池 新吉, born 12 April 1967 in Tōno, Iwate, Japan) is a former Japanese football player.
Kikuchi finished his playing career with Tokyo Verdy.
Kikuchi made seven appearances for the Japan national football team, and was selected to play at the 1995 King Fahd Cup.
He is currently the goalkeeping coach at Kawasaki Frontale. His younger brother Toshimi is also a former Japanese footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18747062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747062" title="You're Not Like Me">
You're Not Like Me

"You're Not Like Me" is the first EP of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18747064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747064" title="William Foster House">
William Foster House

The William Foster House is a historic house at 96 Central Street in Andover, Massachusetts. The core of this house is a three bay two story late First Period structure built c. 1720. It was added onto about 1750, adding a two story one-room ell to the southwest corner of the house. A new chimney core was added on the north side late in the 18th century, and a second two story wing was added on the northwest. Although the house is traditionally dated to c. 1660 (with ownership of the land traced to 1635), the stylistic construction techniques indicate a later construction date.
The house is also notable for housing a boys' school in the later years of the 18th century, operated by William Foster for students who could not qualify for Phillips Academy. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747066" title="Ron Kellogg">
Ron Kellogg

Ronald A. (Ron) Kellogg Jr. (born December 19, 1962 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a retired American college and professional basketball player, best known for his college days as a left-handed sharpshooter for the successful Larry Brown-coached Kansas Jayhawks teams of the mid-1980s. Though he graduated one season before the NCAA implemented the three-point field goal, his propensity for sinking deep two-pointers earned him a reputation as one of the premier long-range shooters of his era in the Big Eight Conference. A 6’5” (1.96 m) swingman, he was drafted by the Atlanta Hawks of the NBA and played professionally in the CBA.
College.
Kellogg enrolled at Kansas in 1982 after a standout career at Northwest High School in Omaha, where he was a three-time all-state selection and was recruited by over 150 colleges before choosing KU over Iowa, Colorado, Nebraska, and Creighton. He played sparingly as a freshman under head coach Ted Owens, averaging 3.9 points on 41.0% shooting from the field in just over ten minutes per game. Though he showed only modest improvement as a sophomore in 1983-84, averaging 6.1 points per game on 43.4% shooting, the departure of Owens and the arrival of Brown prior to that season marked the beginning of a basketball revival on the Jayhawk campus.
As a junior in 1984-85, Kellogg was plugged into the starting small forward position opposite heralded freshman Danny Manning, giving the Jayhawks a highly productive combination at forward. Kellogg would thrive in the starting role, leading the team in scoring at 17.6 points per game on 57.6% shooting – an extremely high percentage for a perimeter player, especially given his significant number of field goal attempts from what today would be three-point territory. During one memorable stretch of Saturday games that season, he scored 30 points against Wichita State, 31 against Colorado, 39 against Nebraska, 34 against Memphis State, and 34 against Oklahoma. According to Kellogg, his performance in the Nebraska game, in which he hit 16 of his 19 shots from the field and all seven of his free throws en route to establishing a new Devaney Center scoring record, was inspired when “ex-girlfriend walked in[to the arena with her boyfriend. That kind of teed me off. I wanted to prove a point after I saw that.” Meanwhile, his exploits in KU’s 82-76 upset victory over Oklahoma, which included 14-of-19 shooting from the field and seven of his team’s final 11 points in the last 1:53, were chronicled in a feature article in the March 4, 1985 issue of "Sports Illustrated" entitled “Kellogg Went Snap! Crackle! Pop!” (an allusion to the popular Kellogg's-brand Rice Krispies breakfast cereal). Although the Jayhawks were eliminated by Auburn in the second round of the NCAA tournament, Kellogg’s scoring feats earned him a selection to the All-Big Eight first team. He was also awarded All-District 5 honors by the USBWA and, following the season, was named to the U.S. men's basketball team at the 1985 World University Games.
Kellogg’s senior year in 1985-86 proved to be one of the most successful seasons in Kansas basketball history. With "Special K" moving to shooting guard alongside fellow Omaha native Cedric Hunter, and Manning joined in the frontcourt by 7'1" future NBA pivotman Greg Dreiling, the versatile Calvin Thompson, and super-sub Archie Marshall, the Jayhawks boasted one of the most talented lineups in the country. The team did not disappoint, rolling to a 35-4 record and earning a trip to the 1986 Final Four in Dallas, where they suffered a 71-67 defeat at the hands of Duke. Despite the loss, Kellogg played well in his final career game, engaging in a scoring duel with Blue Devil star Johnny Dawkins and keeping the Jayhawks in the game with 22 points on 11-of-15 shooting. Kellogg finished the season as the team’s second-leading scorer behind Manning at 15.9 points per game on 55.2% field goal shooting, and was again selected to the All-Big Eight first team. He concluded his Jayhawk career with 1,508 points, a total which currently places him 17th on KU’s all-time scoring list.
Professional.
Following his career at Kansas, Kellogg was selected in the second round of the 1986 NBA Draft, going to the Atlanta Hawks with the 42nd overall pick. He was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers in a draft-day deal, but failed to make the Lakers roster and never appeared in an NBA game. He signed on with the Topeka Sizzlers of the Continental Basketball Association, where he would be reunited with former KU teammates Thompson and Hunter. During his second season with the Sizzlers, his teammates also included former KU and Boston Celtics star Jo Jo White, who was 41 years old at the time, and troubled ex-New York City playground legend Lloyd "Swee'pea" Daniels. After leaving the CBA, Kellogg pursued a career in business and now resides with his family in Omaha.
Legacy.
Kellogg’s claim to fame was his silky left-handed jump shot, which netted him a reputation as the best shooter in Nebraska prep history and one of the greatest ever to wear a Jayhawk uniform. When the "Omaha World-Herald" asked four scouts to recall Kellogg's game as part of a 2008 retrospective, each of them responded with the same two words: "incredible shooter." This sentiment is shared by Chuck Woodling of the "Lawrence Journal-World", who claims that “in nearly four decades of watching KU basketball players I’ve never seen a more accurate shooter than Ron Kellogg.” Kansas head coach Bill Self, a graduate assistant on the 1985-86 KU team, recalls a shooting drill at practice in which the players would launch 30 to 35 jump shots from the elbow within a five-minute span. As Self recalled, "On the fourth day we ran it, Ronnie finally missed one. Do you hear me? He went three consecutive days in a rapid-fire shooting drill without missing!"
During his KU career, both Kellogg's basketball talents and his colorful persona were the subject of entertaining writeups in "Sports Illustrated". In the magazine's 1985-86 college basketball preview, he was characterized as “a streak shooter who gets so worked up when he's hot that he sometimes forgets the score, the time remaining and the law of averages. . . . thinks he's open even when someone's hanging on his arms.” His shot selection was summarized courtesy of coach Larry Brown: "I'm always yelling, ‘No! No! . . . Great shot!’” In another column, he was labeled a “born flake” who, during a critical time-out in a game against Memphis State his junior year, allegedly told a bewildered Brown, “Coach, we need to fix the whirlpool.” The magazine later reported that Kellogg, along with fellow seniors Thompson and Dreiling, showed up for his final home game at Allen Fieldhouse wearing a tuxedo.

</doc>
<doc id="18747070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747070" title="Stambolovo, Haskovo Province">
Stambolovo, Haskovo Province

Stambolovo (, pronounced ) is a village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Haskovo Province. It is the administrative centre of Stambolovo Municipality, which is located in the southwestern part of Haskovo Province. Stambolovo lies in the Eastern Rhodope Mountains, not far from the Upper Thracian Plain and 22 kilometres from the provincial capital of Haskovo.
The area has been continuously inhabited since antiquity, with Thracians, Romans, Byzantines, Bulgarians and Ottomans playing important roles in the area's history. Until 1906, the village was known as "Eller"; it was renamed after noted Bulgarian politician and Prime Minister of Bulgaria Stefan Stambolov (1854–1895).

</doc>
<doc id="18747072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747072" title="Fowler House (Danvers, Massachusetts)">
Fowler House (Danvers, Massachusetts)

The Fowler House is a historic house at 166 High Street in the Danversport section of Danvers, Massachusetts. Built in 1810, the brick 2.5 story structure is notable as a well preserved example of Federal style architecture in the area, and for its role in the early history of the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (SPNEA, now Historic New England).
The house was built by Levi Preston and Stephen Whipple for Samuel Fowler, Jr., a veteran of the American Revolutionary War and early Danvers industrialist. Analysis of the records of the house construction (archived at the Peabody Essex Museum) show that was little changed at the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The house was purchased by SPNEA in 1912, and was its second acquisition after the Swett-Ilsley House in Newbury, Massachusetts. Its relatively plain appearance led to some disagreement within the organization between preservationists seeking to preserve all types of architecture and those seeking to acquire more elegant properties. SPNEA operated the property as a house museum for some time, but sold it into private hands.

</doc>
<doc id="18747082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747082" title="1995–96 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
1995–96 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 1995–96 season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s 129th season. They competed in the twenty-team Premiership, the top tier of English football, finishing fifteenth.
Season summary.
David Pleat's first season as Sheffield Wednesday manager was the club's worst in the top flight since winning promotion in 1991. The eagerly-anticipated signing of Belgian forward Marc Degryse turned out to be a major disappointment, though David Hirst provided a fair supply of goals on his return to fitness after a two-year injury struggle.
The Owls struggled all season long, and finished 15th in the final table. This was another dismal showing for a club who were chasing honours just two or three seasons earlier, and Pleat knew that something had to change. Marc Degryse, Chris Waddle, Chris Woods and Klas Ingesson all left in the close season, and all the talk at Hillsborough was the acquisition of young striker Andy Booth from Huddersfield Town for £2.5 million. Many fans saw him as the answer to the problems which had plagued the Owls during the last seasons, and gave them hope of a new challenge for honours.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Sheffield Wednesday's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.footballsquads.co.uk/eng/1995-1996/faprem/sheffwed.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18747086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747086" title="Dimosthenis Manousakis">
Dimosthenis Manousakis

Career.
Manousakis began his professional career by signing with Skoda Xanthi F.C. in July 1998. He never appeared for the club in a league match, instead he went on loan to Nafpaktiakos Asteras F.C. and Egaleo F.C.. He also played for Cypriot side Ethnikos Achna FC. He was only the second Lemnian footballer who played in Super League, after Vertsonis who had played in Apollon Smyrni in the late '60s
International.
Manousakis first called at national Greek football team U-17 at 1997, which competed in an international tournament in Portugal in February and in France. Indeed on 03/27/97 scored his first goal in a match at Gabon. Also in 1998 he was a member of the Greece U19 that played in the knockout stage of the European Championship in Scotland. Also was a member of the Greek Olympic Football team in 2004.
Honours & Statistics.
Appearances in Greece(up to July 2013): 342 
Goals in Greece(up to July 2013): 51

</doc>
<doc id="18747089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747089" title="Steinmeyer">
Steinmeyer

Steinmeyer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18747090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747090" title="Rea Putnam Fowler House">
Rea Putnam Fowler House

Rea Putnam Fowler House is a historic house at 4 Elerton Lane in Danvers, Massachusetts.
It was built around 1700 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747096" title="Fox Hill School">
Fox Hill School

The Fox Hill School is a historic school building at 81 Water Street in Danvers, Massachusetts. It now serves as a day care center. It was built for the town in 1879 by George W. Russell, and is one of two surviving one-room schoolhouses in the town. It was used by the school system until the 1970s.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18747109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747109" title="Stronger Than Ever (EP)">
Stronger Than Ever (EP)

Stronger Than Ever is the second EP of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18747110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747110" title="French-Andrews House">
French-Andrews House

The French-Andrews House is a historic First Period house at 86 Howlett Road in Topsfield, Massachusetts. The oldest elements of the house date to c. 1718, and exhibit construction techniques that are clearly derived from 17th century English methods found in other, older, First Period homes in Massachusetts. It is also notable for some surviving original decorative styling in its downstairs front rooms, and as the subject of early preservation work.
When built, the house was a 2.5 story timber framed building two rooms wide and one deep, with a central chimney. It was probably built by Joseph Andrews, who purchased the property from John French, Sr. In 1919 it underwent a careful restoration under the auspices of preservationist George Francis Dow. Stylistic changes and alterations made in intervening years were removed, and the timber framing was exposed. The "in situ" First Period decorative elements were preserved, and in some instances replicated in other parts of the house. Dow was also able to apply exterior siding in a manner that was virtually indistinguishable from period siding.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747116" title="James Friend House">
James Friend House

The James Friend House is a historic First Period house at 114 Cedar Street in Wenham, Massachusetts, USA. It was built by James Friend, a local carpenter, probably not long after he received a grant in 1699 to cut timber on public land. The house is a 2.5 story wood frame house with a center chimney. Its main facade is a slightly asymmetrical five bays wide, even though it was apparently originally built to that plan rather than in stages. A leanto was added to the back of the house sometime before 1738, giving the house a saltbox appearance. This section was raised to a full two stories in the 19th century, and the roof was rebuilt. In the early 20th century, the house was moved back from the road and covered in stucco.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747126" title="Front Street Block">
Front Street Block

The Front Street Block is a series of four connected commercial blocks in the West End of Gloucester, Massachusetts, USA. They were built in 1831 after a fire had devastated Gloucester's downtown the previous year.
They were collectively listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, and further included in the Central Gloucester Historic District in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747132" title="Nathan Frye House">
Nathan Frye House

The Nathan Frye House is a historic house at 166 N. Main Street in Andover, Massachusetts. The large mansion was built in 1851-52 for Nathan Frye, who had recently (1849) become president of the Marland Mill Company, one of Andover's major textile firms. It features grand Italianate details, including bracketed eaves, corner quoins, and pedimented gables. The building and its associated carriage house have been extensively altered for commercial purposes in the late 20th century, but much of the architectural interest has been retained.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747139" title="Centennial Falls">
Centennial Falls

Centennial Falls is a 10 metre high terraced ribbon cascade waterfall found in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Mount Albion Conservation Authority, Felker's Falls, Felker's Falls Conservation Area, King's Forest Golf Course, Mohawk Sports Park, Glendale Golf Course, Escarpment Rail Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area.
Directions.
From QEW take the Centennial Parkway exit and follow this road up the Escarpment. The waterfall is located in the first ravine on the west side of Centennial Parkway.
External links.
Maps.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18747146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747146" title="Watch Your Step (Raised Fist album)">
Watch Your Step (Raised Fist album)

Watch Your Step is the compilation album of earlier releases and rarities songs of hardcore band Raised Fist.

</doc>
<doc id="18747153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747153" title="Samuel Frye House">
Samuel Frye House

Samuel Frye (or Frie) House is a historic First Period house at 920 Turnpike Street in North Andover, Massachusetts. Tradition places its construction between 1711, when a previous house on the site burned down, and 1719, when Frye gave the property, with house, to his son. The house was in the Frye family until 1880. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house, one room deep and five bays wide, with a rear leanto section that was added in the 19th century. The house is notable for its retention of a tradition two room form despite the removal of its central chimney during Federal period renovations.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747156" title="I Love You (Yah Tibyah La Blu)">
I Love You (Yah Tibyah La Blu)

I Love You is a recording act fronted by Justin Randel that is based in Chicago, Illinois. Formed in 2004 as a trio, the project used various names until late in that year when Yah Tibyah La Blu (a slightly bastardized translation of "I Love You" in Russian) became "official." 
For practical reasons, the group began using the English phrase by the release of their first recordings.
In 2007, bassist Kevin Kesterson departed, making a duo of the group. Then in 2008, drummer Jeffrey Schlette parted ways with I Love You, making Randel the sole member. In 2009, video artist Charlie Mylie joined up with Randel, throwing psychedelic visuals into the mix during live performances. During October of that year the duo released their first recording for Indianapolis, Indiana's Joyful Noise Recordings, "Bell Ord Forrest". 
In 2010, I Love You became a solo act again. According to his MySpace page, frontman Justin Randel released "Feeling Bad To Feel Better" in October 2011 on CD and cassette.
Reception.
Jason Harper in "The Pitch" called the band "promising" as it "thrashes about in the secret playroom between punk and indie rock, ... crafting paradoxically sloppy and intricate experimental pop." Harper continued, "Randel's polyrhythmic guitar loops distract the listener while Schlette gradually builds a hip-jerking beat that climaxes in frantic, shouted vocals and disco-ball-slicing riffs. It's crazy danceable, but only if you're crazy."
Gabriel Keehn of Tiny Mix Tapes wrote, "the sense of legitimate, fresh tinkering-for-the-sake-of-tinkering and corner-of-the-sandbox fun here is genuine, but this has surely been done before, and it's been done a lot better" in giving the CD Drones Drugs and Harmony three out of five stars.
Simon Lewis and Stefan Ek of TerraScope (UK) wrote of "Bell Ord Forrest", "Here’s the most charming music ... It’s rhythmic and polyrhythmic, it’s like Talking Heads or B52 being converted into this millenniums Now People. It’s happy and it’s inventive. It’s Party!"

</doc>
<doc id="18747166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747166" title="Het Misdaadmuseum">
Het Misdaadmuseum

Het Misdaadmuseum (The Criminology Museum) is a Dutch comic by Henk Kuijpers. It was serialised in comic weekly "Pep" in late 1974/early 1975, before being published in its entirety in 1978. One of its characters, Franka, went on to have a successful solo-career.
Plot.
The opening sequence chronicles a burglary and the prosecution of the offenders. The pieces of evidence are handed over to the Criminology Museum (a group of crime-experts who are not criminals), just at that moment, a job applicant (the hirsute Jarko Jansen) arrives. He meets the staff (Franka in particular) and gets the job. Jarko solves his first case in cooperation with Officer Noordenwind by subjecting the victim to a lie-test, using the number of scratches in a vinyl record.
Back at work, the Museum receives a visit from Oscar Buhne, who wants to discuss the script for a crime-movie. Franka, who works as a secretary, asks if anyone fancies a cup of coffee and notes that Professor Philip Factotum has got a visitor. While Jarko checks the script, Franka goes round to have a talk with Frikko Falegier, who wants to sell a crossbow once used to kill Robin Hood. Put off by his rude behaviour, she takes the bow with her, but on her way back to the car, she is approached by the professor's visitor. Without recognising her, he asks for the address of the building that Franka just came out of; she misleads him by sending him round the block, and returns to the shop where she hides in what appears to be a secret elevator. The man arrives and takes the elevator to a hidden basement where he orders a war-plane by computer. The door closes upon his exit, leaving Franka stranded and stuck in a harness.
Oscar Buhne returns to the Criminology Museum to collect the revised script. Back at his hotel room, he transforms into the man who ordered the war-plane. He uses Jarko's script to stage a burglary at the Royal Printers, which produces the droppollo, the currency of the fictional Republic of Oceanaqua. He prints a suitcase full of money to finance the plane but someone grassed on him, and upon arrival at the hotel he is caught.
When Jarko reads his own script in the morning paper, he wants to resign. Meanwhile, Franka manages to escape by pretending to be a harness that fell down. Back at work, the officer, Jarko, Franka and Professor Factotum exchange recent experiences, and thanks to the latter, they learn that the offender is Argos Attak, a man who borrowed books about escape from deportation. At that moment, he cuts short his trip to the police station by using a sleeping gas-filled smoke-bomb that was inside his shoe. Everyone chases him, but Jarko, Franka and Bars (the officer's dog) are exposed to a second bomb.
When Jarko regains conscientiousness, they find themselves inside the war-plane flying to Oceanaqua. Franka already knows the situation, that the Pefirio Orca movement managed to own the one military battle-ship at the republic. Once more, Argos explains that he stole the money and bought the plane to start a revolution to liberate Oceanaqua from the oppressor who recently gained power.
The revolution takes place, the man who sold the plane is sent to prison, and Jarko and Franka have themselves a holiday.
Cast.
Characters in order of appearance.
Organisations involved:

</doc>
<doc id="18747170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747170" title="Charterhouse Capital Partners">
Charterhouse Capital Partners

Charterhouse Capital Partners is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout of established, substantial businesses, based in Western Europe. Charterhouse focuses on a variety of industrial and commercial sectors, with focus on investments in chemicals, leisure, engineering and business support services.
Charterhouse is based in London, England, and was founded in 1982 as the European investment arm of Charterhouse Bank. The firm has approximately €8.4 billion of capital under management and was among the 50 largest private equity firms globally.
The firm's predecessors began managing private equity investments in the UK in 1975 and began pursuing leveraged buyout investments in 1982. In June 2001, the firm's management completed a management buyout from its then parent HSBC to become an independent investment firm. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747171" title="Joseph Fuller House">
Joseph Fuller House

The Joseph Fuller House is a historic late First Period house at 161 Essex Street in Middleton, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house was built sometime before 1720 by Joseph Fuller, and consisted of two stories, each containing two rooms, with a central chimney. Later in the 18th century a leanto section was added, giving the house a saltbox appearance. This addition included a "Beverly jog", an extension of the leanto to the left side providing shelter for an entrance there. In about 1800 a gabled front entry was added to the symmetrical front facade. Most of the interior decoration also dates to about 1800.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747172" title="Ain Evard">
Ain Evard

Ain Evard (born 22 June 1962 in Jõgeva) is a former Estonian high jumper who represented the Soviet Union and Estonia. His personal best equals to 2.25, jumped on 2 June 1985 in Riga, Latvia. He is a 17-time Estonian champion (outdoor 1981–1982, 1985–1994; indoor 1982–1984, 1988, 1992).

</doc>
<doc id="18747191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747191" title="Melaka Fray">
Melaka Fray

Melaka Fray is a fictional character created by Joss Whedon with artist Karl Moline for the 2003 comic book limited series "Fray", a spin-off set in the continuity of his television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". The character's story was later continued in the graphic novel "Tales of the Slayers", and in a "Buffy" crossover in the Season Eight "Time of Your Life" story arc, as well as in its motion comic companion, in which she is voiced by Michelle Wong.
In "Fray", Melaka is depicted as the latest in the mystical line of vampire Slayers, chosen ones born with the strength and skill to fight the forces of evil, over two-hundred years in the future. However, unlike other vampire Slayers, Mel is unusual in that she was one of a twin; her brother Harth somehow inherited the psychic aspects of a Slayer's abilities, leaving her with only the strength, agility and other physical attributes. Prior to Mel, a Slayer had not been "called" to receive her powers for centuries.
Biography.
Early life.
Melaka Fray, born in the 23rd century, grew up in Versi (Riverside), a small ghetto type district in Haddyn (Manhattan of the future). She grew up with her older sister Erin and her slightly older twin Harth. In her teenage years, Melaka noticed that she had enhanced physical abilities over everyone else, but chose to believe that she was only good at things like that. Because of the low social status and the poor background from which her family came, she was forced to go 'grabbing' for food, which earned disapproval from her sister. At the age of fifteen, she took Harth with her on a grab, and the twins were attacked by a "lurk" (aka vampire) called Icarus. Melaka tried to fight Icarus off but ultimately lost to him and was thrown off a building while Icarus fed off of Harth, killing him. Melaka survived her fall, only to be blamed by Erin for Harth's death. The two sisters parted ways, with Erin joining up with "the laws" (i.e. the police equivalent) while Melaka continued her life of crime.
Calling.
At the age of nineteen Melaka was a professional thief hired by a 'radie' (i.e. radiation caused mutant) named Gunther. Melaka also often looked after a fellow girl from Versi named Loo. Melaka was approached by a demon named Urkonn who told her that lurks were in fact ancient demons known as "vampires" and that she was destined to fight them. Mel was at first reluctant to accept or even believe that she was really "the Slayer", especially as she had never experienced any of the prophetic dreams that Urkonn described. However, after coming across a lurk while on a job for Gunther and being reminded of Harth's death, she agreed to train with Urkonn. While fighting, Melaka came face to face with Icarus and was horrified by the sight of her brother's killer, forcing Urkonn to jump to her defense. After recovering, Melaka used Gunther to track down Icarus, but she learned that Gunther had betrayed her to the law. As Erin took her sister away they were attacked by a group of lurks, who kidnapped Melaka and took her to their master: Harth. Harth revealed to his sister that, as her twin, he had received her Slayer dreams and was aware of vampire history. When he was bitten by Icarus, he knew that the only way to survive was to ingest their blood, thus becoming one of them. Due to his dreams, Harth had become leader to the lurks and was determined to bring back the Old Ones. Which he then reveals his obsession with her, claiming he had always loved her and loves causing her pain. After the shock of meeting her supposedly dead brother, Melaka escaped and informed Erin of what had happened. Erin refused to believe her, so Melaka returned home and rejoined Urkonn, where she discovered Loo's lifeless body in her apartment. This motivated her to wage war on the lurks as revenge for what they had done to her loved ones.
Soon afterwards, Melaka was granted the Scythe—an ancient Slayer weapon—to aid her in the upcoming battle by Urkonn. Melaka tried to unite the city of Versi against the lurks but was ignored, but after watching Melaka fight against the lurks they realized what a true threat they were. This attracted the attention of Icarus, but before he and Melaka could truly face off, Erin appeared and crashed her flying car on top of Icarus as revenge for murdering her brother. Melaka led a small group of people, including members of the law, against an army of lurks, while Harth attempted to unleash the Old Ones on Earth. Melaka defeated Harth's giant demon, but Harth escaped after claiming that things were not over between them not before kissing her then running off. Afterward, Melaka confronted Urkonn, informing him that she had figured out he was the one who murdered Loo. Urkonn claimed that he needed to do whatever he could to motivate her against the lurks, and Melaka killed him, doing it quickly because she considered Urkonn a "friend". She returned to her old job as a thief, but continued fighting lurks and preparing for anything else which came her way.
Discovering her past.
Some time after the events of Fray, Gunther sent Melaka on a "special" grab, one he believed she would enjoy. Opening a chest, she was confronted with a bizarre "Spider-Monkey" creature which stole her scythe and led her through Haddyn to a building containing the Watchers' diaries. Reading about the lives of past Slayers, Melaka came to the conclusion that, although she was the only one of her kind in existence, she was not alone.
Meeting Buffy Summers.
Sometime after "Fray" and "Tales", Melaka and Erin have teamed up to track down Harth. In one attempt to find him they hijack a moving van and discover a lurk, who they interrogate about Harth's whereabouts, the lurk reveals that Harth has teamed up with a mysterious crazy woman, who speaks in riddles and is very powerful. Mel and Erin head back to Mel's new home, the building in which she discovered the watchers diaries in "Tales", to find out who the mysterious woman is. Erin meets Melaka's new pet, Gates, the 'spider-monkey' demon seen in "Tales". Melaka reads about a building where she believes she can find answers to where Harth is. Erin drops her off on the building rooftop and leaves her to a fight an oncoming demon. Melaka and the demon fight but the demon is then transported away and is then replaced with Buffy Summers. After a small fight Buffy and Melaka both discover that they are both Slayers and the two soon trust each other. Melaka asks Buffy to follow her which she does, after some initial difficulty. Melaka takes Buffy to Gunther. Buffy reviews the Watcher Diaries, but finds no mention of the army of Slayers she created, to her severe disappointment. Melaka takes her on a mission to intercept some Lurks. However, she and Buffy come to disagreements about what action to take. Buffy states that they need to look at the big picture and allow the Lurks to continue their attack on an emergency vehicle in order to follow them to their larger hideout whereas Melaka opts to stop the Lurks where they are and save the lives of the paramedics. She leaps from their car, separating her from Buffy. 
After defeating the Lurks, she encounters the "madwoman" who is revealed to be a once again dark and insane Willow Rosenberg. She convinces Melaka to knock Buffy out, claiming that Buffy's return to the past and subsequent actions will cause the present/future world Melaka lives in to disappear. Melaka insists that she won't kill another Slayer, though Willow claims she need only keep her captive until after the temporal rift reopens and closes again, trapping Buffy in the future. However, a skirmish between Harth, who arrives angered at Willow for misleading him, and Gunther, who attacks Harth in retribution of an early ambush, allows Buffy to go free, attacking Erin and Melaka and escaping. Melaka ambushes Buffy at the site of the temporal rift claiming that she'll defeat her in order to "save the world" (the present). The two fight one another while Willow watches. Both note the other's skill, where Buffy has the advantage of a Slayer's memories and Melaka has the advantage of purpose and home turf. However, the rift opens and Buffy defeats Melaka. Willow intercepts Buffy, who is forced to reluctantly kill her in order to return to the past. Melaka is too late to stop her, feeling that she has failed once again. However, Erin notes that they still exist despite Buffy's return to the past, meaning that the future did not cease to exist as Melaka thought.
Powers and abilities.
Melaka is a Slayer and so possesses the physical powers of one, which includes superhuman strength, speed, agility, reflexes, durability, and accelerated healing. Her usual weapons include a blaster pistol and the mystical Slayer scythe.
Notably, she does "not" possess the usual psychic powers of Slayers such as prophetic dreams, as these abilities instead went to her twin brother Harth. She believes that this makes her special, as she has not inherited any traditional Slayer fighting techniques, making her unique and unpredictable. Indeed, when Buffy Summers accidentally travels to her time period, she finds it difficult to predict Melaka's moves.
Melaka is also an accomplished thief.
Appearances.
Fray has made thirteen canonical appearances in the Buffyverse.

</doc>
<doc id="18747194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747194" title="Agnieszka Truskolaska">
Agnieszka Truskolaska

Agnieszka Marianna Truskolaska (1755 – 30 November 1831) was a Polish actress, opera singer and theatre director. She was one of the most admired female artists of her time in Poland.
Agnieszka Truskolaska was born and died in Warsaw, and was one of the first female stars of the Polish theatre. When the first Polish-speaking theatre opened with Polish actors of both genders in 1765, there was a severe shortage of female actors. The first Polish actresses were Wiktoria Leszczyńska and Antonia Prusinowska, who took part in the first play and ran the theatre in 1765–1767 before they could retire with a great pension. Truskolaska married Thomas Truskolaski, actor and director of a theatre troupe, in 1770, and was active in his troupe from 1774. She debuted at the theatre in Warsaw as an actress in 1777 and as a singer in 1779. In 1780–1783, she founded and managed a theatre in Lwów with her spouse and the actor Kazimierz Owsiński, before they returned to the capital, where they often performed at the National Theatre, Warsaw. In the 1790s, she was a star on the stage of the national theatre in Warsaw. As a widow, she managed her late husband's theatre troupe in 1797–1799. Her daughter also became a known actress, excelling in tragedy. In 1803 she gave up her career as an actress. Her most memorable performances were: "Mérope" (1792) and "Horace" (1802).

</doc>
<doc id="18747202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747202" title="Lieut. Thomas Fuller House">
Lieut. Thomas Fuller House

The Lieut. Thomas Fuller House is a historic First Period house at 6 Old South Main Street in Middleton, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the house, two stories of rooms either side of a central chimney, was built c. 1684 by Thomas Fuller. By 1690 a leanto section (which may have surviving elements still in the house) was added to the house. The leanto was raised to a full second story in the 19th century. Later shed roofed additions extend further off the back of the house, and a small gabled addition extends over the eastern end of the leanto section.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747203" title="Arevadasht">
Arevadasht

Arevadasht () is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18747211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747211" title="Matthew Cassidy">
Matthew Cassidy

Club career.
Early career.
Born in Blackpool, he started his career playing for Bolton Wanderers Youth and Reserve sides from the 2005–06 to the 2007–08 season and was named Academy Player of the Year in 2007. In the summer of 2007 he made his full first team debut for Bolton in their pre-season defeat to Hibernian.
Leaving for Cyprus.
After leaving Bolton in the summer of 2008, he was offered contracts at a number of English clubs including Doncaster Rovers and Luton Town, but Cassidy turned down these offers to accept a contract at Cypriot First Division club Enosis Neon Paralimni. after being impressed with the set up there. in the Cypriot First Division with Enosis Neon Paralimni. He was Ireland's first ever footballing export to Cyprus.
He made his debut for the Cypriot club on 29 August 2009, in his side's 3–0 defeat to Apollon Limassol, coming on as a second half substitute. On 6 December 2009, he made his first start for the club in a 2–0 win over APEP. After one year with Enosi Neon Paralimniou he left the club having made a total of 17 appearances scoring no goals. After leaving Enosis, Cassidy moved to one of the biggest clubs of the island of Cyprus, AEL Limassol. Cassidy signed a five-year contract with the club on 9 June 2010. He made his debut, coming on as a 70th minute substitute in their 2–1 defeat to AEK Larnaca. But after just the one appearance, he left the club for Othellos, serving just one year with of his five-year contract.
Return to England.
On 10 August 2012, he returned to England and signed for Conference National newcomers Hyde. He made his debut for the club in their 2–1 home defeat to Luton Town on 17 August 2012.
International career.
He has represented the Republic of Ireland at U17, U18 and U19 youth levels. In 2006 and 2007, Cassidy played in multiple games during Ireland's qualification tournament for the 2006 UEFA under-19 Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18747212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747212" title="G.A.R. Hall and Museum">
G.A.R. Hall and Museum

The G.A.R. Hall and Museum is a historic museum at 58 Andrew Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built for the local outpost of the Grand Army of the Republic, an American Civil War veterans organization, in 1885. It has two storefronts on the ground floor, offices on the second floor, and a large meeting hall on the upper two floors. The roofline originally had ornate brick crenellations, but these were removed in the mid 20th century. The first two floors have also been altered over time, but the meeting hall remains in nearly original condition. With declining membership in the organization, the building was turned over to the city, which operates it as a museum.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18747224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747224" title="Gedney and Cox Houses">
Gedney and Cox Houses

The Gedney and Cox Houses are historic houses at 21 High Street in Salem, Massachusetts. The earliest part of the Gedney House was built c. 1665, and the houses were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. They are owned by Historic New England, which offers limited tours.
Gedney House.
The Gedney House is a historic Colonial American house, (First Period) estimated to have been constructed circa 1665. It is located at 21 High Street, near the intersection of Summer Street in the Chestnut Street District. The Gedney and Cox Houses are operated as a non-profit museum by Historic New England. The house is rarely open to the public, though private tours can be arranged.
The house was built for Eleazor Gedney, a well-to-do shipwright of the Gedney family, married to the sister of John Turner, builder of Salem's House of the Seven Gables. Gedney purchased the unimproved land here in April 1664 close to the shore and the "buildplace" for his boats. He was married in June 1665, and the original portion of the house, two stories with gabled attic to the left and a parlor with lean-to roof to the right was erected at this time. Long-gone extensions at the rear (where some structural evidence survives) were probably original. They were surely in existence at the time of Eleazer's early death in 1683 when an estate inventory mentions the hall, hall chamber, a garret, "parlour or lento" and "lento chambr," and "Kitchin, Loft over it & little leantoo." The latter lean-to was presumably in the rear.
Around 1703-06, the original parlor lean-to was raised to a full two stories. The last (and most extensive) structural changes followed about 1800, whereby a new two-story lean-to at the rear with separate chimney replaced whatever had preceded it. At this time also the framed overhang along the street was furred out and a basement kitchen introduced. Around 1962 the central chimney was removed and the interior stripped. The house was acquired by the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (now Historic New England) in 1967.
The house is significant for its structural carpentry and for surviving early paint and decorative finishes. In the hall chamber three successive color schemes can be identified, the earliest thought to be contemporary or near-contemporary with original construction.
In 2002 the Oxford Dendrochronology Laboratory [http://www.dendrochronology.com/] analyzed timber from the original structure and ascertained that donor trees were felled at the following times: Spring 1664 and Winter 1664/5.

</doc>
<doc id="18747231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747231" title="Watt Key">
Watt Key

Albert Watkins Key, Jr., publishing under the name Watt Key, is an American award-winning fiction author from the South. A resident of Alabama, his debut novel "Alabama Moon" was published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux in 2006 and was the 2007 winner of the E.B. White Read-Aloud Award for older readers. It received a 2006 Parents' Choice Award. Key says that growing up relatively isolated in Point Clear, Alabama, a rural area, inspired him to develop his imagination in a way that led to his decision to write. "Alabama Moon" has been translated and published in seven languages as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18747233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747233" title="Or River">
Or River

Or () is a river in Orenburg Oblast of Russia and Aktobe Province of Kazakhstan. It is a left tributary of the Ural River, and is 332 km long, with a drainage basin of 18 600 km². The river is formed by the confluence of the Shiyli and Terisbutak Rivers, which have their sources on the western slopes of the Mugodzhar Hills, and it joins the Ural River by the city of Orsk. Most of its discharge are from melting snow. The average discharge, 61 km from its mouth, is 21.3 m³/sek. The spring flooding lasts from April to mid-May. The rest of the year the waterlevel is very low. The river freezes in late October and is icebound until March - April. The river is used for irrigation and water supply.

</doc>
<doc id="18747235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747235" title="Georgetown Central School">
Georgetown Central School

Georgetown Central School, or Memorial Town Hall, is a historic school building at 1 Library Street in Georgetown, Massachusetts. The building currently serves as Georgetown's Town Hall. It occupies a prominent location in the town center, and is one of its best Colonial Revival structures.
The two story wood frame building was built in 1905 to a design by the Boston architectural firm of Cooper and Bailey, and located at the site of an earlier one-room schoolhouse built in the 18th century. It was Georgetown's first multi-room school building, and was built after the town's first high school/town hall burned down in 1898. Its siting, use, and construction were attended by some controversy, The building housed grades 1 through 9 until 1919, when the junior high grades were moved to Perley High School. It continued to serve as an elementary school until the 1970s, by which time modern facilities had been constructed for all grades. In 1974 the building was converted for use as town hall. The building underwent a major restoration in 1999-2000 in which its Colonial Revival details were sensitively restored.
The building is situated on a rise overlooking Library and Central Streets, and is accessed by drives that flank its east and west sides. It is a nearly square building, with nine window bays on the north and south sides, and eight on the east and west elevations. Windows are located symmetrically, and the entrances are centered on the north and south elevations. The main entrance is highlighted by a pedimented porch supported by narrow columns. The hipped roof is made of slate, a replacement of the original done during the 2000 restoration. Two chimney stacks, each a long narrow brick structure, rise above the east and west sides. An elevator head house has been added to the south side of the building. The exterior walls are sheathed with clapboard, with pilastered corner trim and a plain cornice. The interior of the building has been sensitively restored to bring back details that were originally present during its period as a school (as evidenced by historic photographs) and later removed.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18747239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747239" title="Debbie Green-Vargas">
Debbie Green-Vargas

Debbie Green-Vargas (born June 25, 1958) is a former American volleyball player and coach. She is regarded as the greatest American women's volleyball setter of all time. Green-Vargas was a member of the U.S. National Team and won the silver medal at the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
Early life.
Debbie Green was born in South Korea in 1958. She grew up in California and attended Westminster High School. At the age of 16 Green-Vargas was a part of the Adidas Junior Team which swept the USVBA Nationals. She was named an All-American, the youngest player ever to be so honored.
Collegiate career.
Despite her small stature, Green was a two time All-American setter at USC. She perfected the jump set, allowing her to meet the ball higher in the vertical plane and create a higher tempo in the offense. In doing so she was able to consistently create opportunities advantageous for her hitters. In 1977, Green led the Trojans to a 38-0 record and an AIAW National Championships. Hers was the first college volleyball team to ever register a perfect season. Green led the Trojans to their second National Championship the following year in 1978.
Olympic career.
Green was on the roster for the 1980 Olympic, but was disappointed by the 1980 Olympic boycott. In 1984, Green helped team USA to a silver medal, at the time the best finish in U.S. women's volleyball history (later matched by the 2008 team).
Professional.
Green played for the Los Angeles Starlites of Major League Volleyball (MLV), a women’s professional indoor league, and helped the squad earn the league’s first two championships in 1987 and 1988
Green-Vargas was an assistant coach for the Long Beach State women's volleyball team for 23 years, retiring after the 2008-09 season.
Personal life.
Green-Vargas earned a BA in communications from Long Beach State in 1992.
Green married Joe Vargas and has two children, Nicole and Dana. Nicole played setter at Long Beach State, where Green-Vargas worked as an assistant coach. Dana was a setter for UCSB.
In 1986, she was selected to the United States Volleyball Association Hall of Fame, and in the spring of 1986 received the All-Time Great Volleyball Player award. On April 30, 1998, Green became the first woman to enter the Orange County Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18747254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747254" title="George Giddings House and Barn">
George Giddings House and Barn

The George Giddings House and Barn is a historic First Period farm at 66 Choate Street in Essex, Massachusetts. Both the house and the barn are estimated to have been built in the 1690s, and contain construction details unique in Essex County First Period buildings. The house was originally built as a single two story cell structure with a large chimney on one side, which was then widened with the addition of a second cell on the other side of the chimney. In the 19th century a number of alterations were made: the central chimney was removed, the entry of the house was reoriented from south to north by the addition of a new central door on the north face, and two new chimneys were added along the north elevation. The house has modern additions to the rear (south) side. The barn is of a similar vintage to the house, although it started with only five windows, and was extended at some point by the addition to the east of a sixth bay. It is one of a very few surviving First Period barns.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747259" title="14 Andromedae b">
14 Andromedae b

14 Andromeda b or 14 And b is an extrasolar planet approximately 249 light years away in the constellation of Andromeda. The 186-day period planet orbits about 83% the Earth-Sun distance from the giant star 14 Andromedae. It has a minimum mass 4.8 times the mass of Jupiter. The planet orbits with an eccentricity of 0.0094, which means the orbital distance over the course of its revolution varies by only 0.02 AU. This planet was discovered on July 3, 2008 by Sato "et al.", who discovered the wobbling of 14 Andromedae caused by the planet’s gravity during its orbit with the Doppler spectroscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="18747261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747261" title="Chernoochene">
Chernoochene

Chernoochene (, pronounced ; is a village in central southern Bulgaria, part of Kardzhali Province. It is the administrative centre of Chernoochene municipality, which comprises in the northernmost part of Kardzhali Province. The village is located in the Eastern Rhodope Mountains and has a predominantly Turkish population. The village's name roughly means "place of the black-eyed people" in both Bulgarian and Turkish.
Municipality.
Chernoochene municipality covers an area of 339 square kilometres and includes the following 51 places:

</doc>
<doc id="18747264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747264" title="General Atlantic">
General Atlantic

General Atlantic is a global growth equity investment firm partnering with entrepreneurs and management teams and providing capital for large minority and majority stakes. In addition to funding, the General Atlantic provides its portfolio companies with expertise, resources and access to a global network of contacts. 
Founded in 1980, GA has approximately $17 billion in assets under management and has more than 80 investment professionals based in Greenwich, New York City, Palo Alto, London, Hong Kong, Beijing, Munich, Mumbai, Singapore, Amsterdam and São Paulo. 
According to Private Equity International, a proprietary ranking of the largest 300 private equity firms in the world, General Atlantic is the 12th largest private equity firm in the world (2012 PEI 300), with approximately $16.8 billion of capital raised over the preceding five-year period.
History.
General Atlantic was founded in 1980 by secretive billionaire Charles F. Feeney to invest on behalf of the Atlantic Philanthropies, which he had endowed. The firm was initially headed by Edwin Cohen, who had previously been a partner of McKinsey & Company. Cohen was joined by Steven A. Denning as a founding member of the firm and as of 2014 has remained with the firm as GA's chairman. GA's current CEO is William (Bill) E. Ford.
General Atlantic focused initially on investments in computer software, oil and gas exploration, real estate and retailing. Among the firm's first major investments was United Health Services which tripled in value in three years for the firm. By the late 1980s, General Atlantic began to expand its funding source to include other family offices, as well as foundations and endowments. In the late 1990s, media attention related to the sale of Duty Free Shoppers (DFS), for the first time drew attention to Chuck Feeney and General Atlantic not allowing him to maintain the level of anonymity that Feeney desired.
Coincident with General Atlantic's expansion of its funding source, the firm began exploring expanding its presence overseas. Starting in 2000, General Atlantic began to open offices in Europe and Asia and currently has 11 offices internationally.

</doc>
<doc id="18747266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747266" title="Do You Remember? (Phil Collins song)">
Do You Remember? (Phil Collins song)

"Do You Remember?" is a single performed by Phil Collins released in 1990 from his album "...But Seriously". The song had minor success in European countries, but went to number one in both Canadian and the U.S Adult Contemporary chart; it also peaked at number two on the U.S. Hot 100 Airplay and number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart that same year.
A live performance of the song also appears on the "Serious Hits... Live!" album. The live version was released as a single in the United Kingdom, while it was not released as a single in the United States. The single reached #57 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was written by Collins and produced by Collins and Hugh Padgham. Singer-songwriter Stephen Bishop is a backing vocalist on the track. The song's lyrics are from the perspective of a man whose relationship is failing, due to his lover's neglect.
An instrumental cover performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra was released later. It was extremely popular in Bulgaria during the early 1990s, due to a then-famous teenage TV program using it while showing its closing credits.

</doc>
<doc id="18747269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747269" title="Dredging (cooking)">
Dredging (cooking)

"This article is about the cooking technique. For other uses, see Dredge (disambiguation)."
Dredging is a cooking technique used to coat wet or moist foods with a dry ingredient prior to cooking. Put most simply, dredging involves little more than pulling/rolling the wet food through the dry material to provide an even coating. The technique is particularly common with breaded foods, such as fried fish or bourbon balls.

</doc>
<doc id="18747272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747272" title="Giddings-Burnham House">
Giddings-Burnham House

The Giddings-Burnham House is a historic house at 37 Argilla Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. The house was probably built in the 1640s by George Giddings and was sold to his brother-in-law Thomas Burnham. The earliest documentation for this property was the deed of sale between George Giddings and Thomas Burnham in 1667 negating previous thoughts that the house was not built until 1680. The original house has been expanded and renovated and has a plaque on the door from the Ipswich Historical Commission stating that the home was built before 1667 by George Giddings. 
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747275" title="Cultural Summer of Zvornik">
Cultural Summer of Zvornik

The great manifestation called the Cultural Summer of Zvornik, Bosnia and Herzegovina, usually starts on August 2 and lasts for about six days. Its main objective is to become a traditional cultural event which will open the doors of Zvornik for recognized cultural values.
The festival was first held in August 2001 as a local event and until now (2008) it grew up to one of to biggest festivals on the Balkans.
In 2007, famous singers such as Neda Ukraden and Sandi Cenov participated, but in 2008 this festival managed to feature some of the most notable stars from former Yugoslavia, like Zeljko Joksimovic, Hari Mata Hari, Van Gogh, Marinko Rokvic and others.
Music is not the only thing that this fest offers, there is also a regatta on the river Drina, a fun marathon and many cultural events and competitions during day and night.

</doc>
<doc id="18747279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747279" title="V250 (train)">
V250 (train)

The V250, also known as Albatross, is a high-speed train built by AnsaldoBreda and designed to operate on the newly built HSL-Zuid in the Netherlands and its extension HSL 4 in Belgium. The High Speed Alliance and NMBS/SNCB operated these trains on a service branded "Fyra" between several Dutch and Belgian cities for 39 days between December 9, 2012 and January 17, 2013. The trains were taken out of service due to the suspension of the operating license by the Belgian Railway Inspection Agency due to safety concerns.
The introduction of the signalling system on the Dutch high speed lines required for commercial operation, and the production of the V250 trainsets, were significantly delayed.
Background and history.
NS Hispeed and NMBS/SNCB ordered 19 trainsets in 2004 for operations between Amsterdam and Brussels and Breda on the HSL-Zuid and HSL 4 high speed railway lines.
Initially delivery was foreseen for 2007. 
In 2008 expectations were for deliveries by 2009 and an introduction into service by the middle of 2009.
The first trainsets had been manufactured by March 2009, and initial tests on the Velim test circuit in the Czech Republic took place in early 2009, In April 2009 the first unit arrived in Arnhem in the Netherlands, and was towed to Amsterdam for tests.
The High Speed Alliance (HSA) had claimed that the delay of introduction of any trains was due to the lack of a formal ETCS level 2 specification; by March HSA was close to financial ruin due to lack of any income, and a re-organisation of track access charges for the unused HSL-Zuid line had to be arranged with the Dutch government.
The service, branded "Fyra", was introduced along with the formal presentation of the prototype V250 train at the high speed train depot at Watergraafsmeer in the Netherlands on 7 July 2009. The unfurnished prototype underwent testing on both high speed lines, with the ordered trains' expected in-service date of Autumn 2010; introduction of any service on the HSL-Zuid had been delayed due to problems with the introduction of the ETCS signalling system; the line had been built without any legacy safety system. Services on the line began in September 2009 with conventional locomotive haulage, but the introduction of level 2 ETCS on the whole line was not in place, and expected by June 2010.
In 2010 the Dutch transport minister Camiel Eurlings stated that any introduction of a commercial V250 service on Dutch high speed lines would not take place until December 2011. Driver training on high-speed lines in the Netherlands began in March 2012, with commercial use of the V250 planned for September 2012.
A limited service of one return train per 3 hours in the Netherlands began in September 2012 between Amsterdam and Rotterdam.
The trains were provisionally certified for use in Belgium in September 2012.
Regular Fyra service between Amsterdam and Brussels with V250 trains began on 9 December 2012.
Since their introduction the V250 trains have experienced numerous technical problems. All V250 were suspended from commercial service on 16 January 2013, after only one month of service, due to reliability and safety concerns in snowy weather. Two days later the certification for the V250 in Belgium was revoked after a floor plate, that had fallen off a V250, was found along the tracks.
The continuous problems with the V250 train have caused public outcry in both Belgium and the Netherlands, including accusations in the Belgian and Dutch media that only financial considerations were behind the decision to grant the contract to AnsaldoBreda. Initially the maximum speed requirements were fixed at 220 km/h, which would have reduced the purchase cost per seat drastically. However, after comparing offers by Alstom (manufacturers of the French TGV) and Siemens (who manufacture the German ICE trains) with that of AnsaldoBreda, it transpired that the Italian producer was able to offer a cheaper train with a higher speed of 250 km/h, which ultimately gave the Italian company the edge.
On 31 May 2013, the Belgian railway company SNCB/NMBS decided to stop the Fyra project, due to the many technical issues, and because of safety concerns. No trains had been delivered and the company will refuse delivery of the trains it had ordered. On grounds that the manufacturer was unable to resolve any of the numerous issues in the contractually foreseen 3 months.
On 3 June 2013, the Dutch national railway company NS announced that it had made a similar evaluation, and expressed its desire to stop with the V250 project. The Dutch department of finance agreed, and recommended that NS do "everything in its power" to get a refund from AnsaldoBreda. At a press conference on 6 June 2013, the manufacturer claimed that the trains had been handled poorly by running the trains too fast (i.e. at maximum commercial speed of 250 km/h) under snow conditions. AnsaldoBreda has also threatened to sue the railways for the damage to its reputation.
Design.
The 8-car trainsets are designed to operate on 3kV DC, 1.5kV DC and 25kV 50 Hz AC overhead power supply, allowing operations on both Dutch and Belgian electrified networks. Traction is distributed with alternating powered and trailer vehicles in MTMTTMTM formation. Electric traction power is controlled by water-cooled IGBT inverters powering asynchronous motors. They are fitted with ETCS Level 2 and local train safety systems.
The carbodies are constructed of aluminium, except the driving cab which is of steel. Three of the coaches are used for first class accommodation, giving 127 first class seats out of a total seated capacity of 546. First class seating is in formation, second in [2+2 formation. The design company Pininfarina also contributed to the design.

</doc>
<doc id="18747284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747284" title="Tar River Poetry">
Tar River Poetry

Tar River Poetry is a literary journal published by East Carolina University (ECU). Published twice a year (fall and spring), the 64-page journal consists of submitted written works of poetry, critical essays, and book reviews. The journal is named for the Tar River, which runs through Greenville, NC (home of ECU). First published in 1960.
Contributors.
"Tar River Poetry" has published many of the best-known American poets of the late 20th and early 21st century, including Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award winners Claudia Emerson, William Stafford, Louis Simpson, Carolyn Kizer, Henry Taylor, and A.R. Ammons, and many other well-known poets including Sharon Olds, Leslie Norris, William Matthews, Albert Goldbarth, and Patricia Goedicke.
History.
The journal grew out of an earlier publication, "Tar River Poets", originally edited by ECU English professor and Director of the ECU Poetry Forum Vernon Ward. "Tar River Poets" published members of the Poetry Forum only (that is, poets local to Greenville, NC). Upon Prof. Ward's retirement, poet Peter Makuck took over the editorship and renamed the journal, opening it to outside submissions and publishing the first issue as "Tar River Poetry" in November 1978, but retaining the numbering system of the earlier journal (thus the first issue with the new name was published as issue 18, number 1). The 30th Anniversary issue, published in December 2008, included an interview with Makuck.

</doc>
<doc id="18747286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747286" title="Naval Air Warfare Center">
Naval Air Warfare Center

Naval Air Warfare Centers are Echelon III commanders of the United States Navy, subordinate to Commander, Naval Air Systems Command. The Centers are grouped within the following divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="18747291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747291" title="Gleason Building (Lawrence, Massachusetts)">
Gleason Building (Lawrence, Massachusetts)

The Gleason Building is a historic commercial building at 349-351 Essex Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It is a Richardsonian Romanesque building, six stories tall, faced in brick and brownstone. It was built by William Oswald to a design by Arthur Gray, and boasted the city's first hydraulic elevator.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747297" title="Gloucester City Hall">
Gloucester City Hall

Gloucester City Hall is located at 9 Dale Avenue in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It was built in 1870 and dedicated the following year, and has served as the main location for the city's offices since then. Built to a design by Bryant and Rogers, it is a two story brick building with Victorian features that have a strong Second Empire influence. Each of the rectangular building's four corners is topped by its own pyramidal roof structure, above which is a small rectangular cupola with its own roof. Centered on the front elevation is a clock tower that is brick in its lower levels, and decorated wood above, ending in a copper dome.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and included in the Central Gloucester Historic District in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747302" title="David Allison (cricketer)">
David Allison (cricketer)

David Farquhar Allison (born 26 June 1948) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper who played first-class cricket for Oxford University Cricket Club. He was born in Marylebone.
Allison played two games for Warwickshire Second XI in 1968. His six first-class appearances came during the 1970 season and none ended in victory for his Oxford University side.

</doc>
<doc id="18747314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747314" title="Dewitt Falls">
Dewitt Falls

Dewitt Falls is a 7 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area, Erland Lee House Museum.
Directions.
From QEW take the "Fruitland Road" exit and follow this road south and turn right onto Highway 8. Turn left onto "Dewitt Road" and travel up the Escarpment until the railway. The waterfall is on the left beside Dewitt Road at the railway.
When you approach the railway crossing listen for trains even though it is a controlled access track and has lights. Pull to the left side of the road as you cross the tracks and try to do so as close to a 90 degree angle as possible as the transition can be a very bumpy one. After crossing the tracks pull to the left side and the falls are just up a few feet on the left side of the roadway. For safety sake engage your parking brake and turn your wheels to the left.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18747322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747322" title="Acton Centre Historic District">
Acton Centre Historic District

Acton Centre Historic District is a historic district on Main Street, Wood and Woodbury Lanes, Newtown, Concord, and Nagog Hill Roads in Acton, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18747330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747330" title="Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial">
Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial

Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial (also known as: "Man at the Wheel" statue or "Fishermen's Memorial Cenotaph") is an historic memorial cenotaph sculpture on South Stacy Boulevard, near entrance of Stacy Esplanade in Gloucester, Massachusetts, built in 1925.
Description.
It is an , bronze statue of a fisherman dressed in oilskins standing braced at the wheel on the sloping deck of his ship. The monument has a square base of sea green granite. It is positioned so that the fisherman is looking out over Gloucester Harbor. The fisherman in the sculpture was modeled after Capt. Clayton Morrissey, a prominent Gloucester fisherman, once the captain of the "Effie M. Morrissey". The stone was purposely sculpted with a rough finish to make the fisherman look rugged. Craske posed the fisherman to look as if he was facing a windstorm and was headed toward dangerous rocks. His eyes are fixed on the water and sails, while every muscle is strained to hold the wheel with a firm grip. A small plaque on the north or street-facing side of the base reads, "Memorial To The Gloucester Fisherman, August 23, 1923". A larger recessed panel on the front or harbor-facing side of the base holds an inscription of bronze letters taken from the Bible's , which reads: "They That Go Down To The Sea In Ships 1623-1923".
History.
The English sculptor Leonard Craske (1882–1950) designed the sculpture, and it was cast by the Gorham Company of Providence, Rhode Island, in 1925. According to the National Park Service:
The Gloucester Tercentenary Permanent Memorial Association sponsored an artistic competition to commemorate Gloucester's 300th anniversary and to permanently memorialize the thousands of fishermen lost at sea in the first three centuries of Gloucester's history. In 1879 alone, 249 fishermen and 29 vessels were lost during a terrible storm. In preparing for the competition, Craske spent many hours aboard fishing schooners, sketching and photographing fishermen at work. His design was accepted and cast at a cost of $10,000. Generally acknowledged as Craske's finest work, the Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial is viewed by thousands of visitors annually and has become a symbol of the city, commemorating Gloucester's link to the sea.
The Gloucester Fisherman's Memorial was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18747343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747343" title="Gloucester Net and Twine Company">
Gloucester Net and Twine Company

The Gloucester Net and Twine Company is a historic factory at Maplewood Avenue, southeast of the junction of Maplewood Avenue and Grove Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It was the factory of one of Gloucester's most importing fishing-related manufacturing businesses, founded in 1884. The complex was built c. 1899. The main factory building is a utilitarian wood frame structure three stories high, six window bays wide and fourteen long. Its long facade, along Maplewood Avenue, is centered on a four story tower, to the right of which is a single story brick power supply building with Italianate detailing.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18747363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747363" title="Aristoxenus (physician)">
Aristoxenus (physician)

Aristoxenus (Gr. ) was a Greek physician of Asia Minor who was quoted by Caelius Aurelianus. He was a pupil of Alexander Philalethes and contemporary of Demosthenes Philalethes, and must therefore have lived around the 1st century. He was a follower of the teachings of Herophilos, and studied at the celebrated Herophilean school at the village of Men-Carus, between Laodicea and Carura. He wrote a work ("On the Herophilean Sect", Latin: "De Herophili Secta"), of which the thirteenth book is quoted by Galen, but which is no longer extant.

</doc>
<doc id="18747364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747364" title="Isaac Goodale House">
Isaac Goodale House

Isaac Goodale House is a historic colonial house at 153 Argilla Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. The house has many First Period elements, including a prominent central chimney, steep pitched roof, unpainted clapboards and trim, diamond-shaped lead-paned casement windows, and board and batten doors. It is 3,421 square feet, with 5 fireplaces, 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, and is located on a 41 acre woodland property that borders salt marsh on one side and an apple orchard on another.
It was built in c. 1668 by Robert Goodale of Salem for his son Isaac upon Isaac's marriage in 1668. Originally located in Salem, Massachusetts, the house was moved to Ipswich by a Goodale family member in 1928. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. It was rented by the Peterson family from 1997 to 2007. Then, after 340 years of almost continuous family ownership, the house and of land went up for sale with an asking price of $1.39 million. It was bought in 2010 by the Duffield family.

</doc>
<doc id="18747387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747387" title="Gott House">
Gott House

The Gott House is a historic late First Period house on Gott Avenue at Gott Lane in Rockport, Massachusetts. The plank-framed gambrel-roofed cottage is estimated to have been built in the first quarter of the 18th century, based on the transitional nature of the construction techniques used, and the gambrel roof, which is not a normal First Period feature. The first part built was the right side and the central chimney; this was extended with the rooms left of the chimney later in the Second Period. The interior retains significant Second Period trim and decoration.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747395" title="Winifred Westover">
Winifred Westover

Winifred Westover (November 9, 1899 - March 19, 1978) was a Hollywood actress of the 1910s and 1920s.
Winifred Westover was born in San Francisco, California. On screen, Westover was the typical blushing ingenue and was almost always cast opposite robust leading men. 
Her career in film started with a small part in D. W. Griffith's "Intolerance" in 1916. In 1919 she starred in "John Petticoats" with William S. Hart, who proposed to her. They married on 7 December 1921 and had a son, William S. Hart Jr. They separated in 1922 after three months of marriage and divorced in 1927.
She retired to raise her son in 1923 but made a comeback in 1930 with the help of her ex-husband. The film was a melodrama called "Lummox" but it was unsuccessful and she left her career in film. She appeared in a few TV episodes during 1969. She died in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="18747397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747397" title="Nordic Capital">
Nordic Capital

Nordic Capital is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout transactions primarily in the Nordic region (e.g., Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden). Nordic invests across a broad array of industries and will invest in turnaround and growth capital transactions.
Nordic is registered in Jersey but based in Stockholm, Sweden and was founded in 1989. The firm has approximately €4.5 billion of capital under management and was among the 50 largest private equity firms globally. Since its foundation, Nordic Capital has acquired over 50 companies, including Atos Medical, C More Entertainment (Canal + Nordic), Falck (Denmark) and the fitness club chain SATS.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18747409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747409" title="Kjell Qvale">
Kjell Qvale

Kjell Qvale (1919-November 2, 2013) was a Norwegian-American business executive. Qvale was one of the key figures in the creation of the Jensen-Healey. Qvale became the first distributor for Jaguar on the Pacific West Coast. Qvale was one of the founders of the San Francisco Auto Show and the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance. He was credited with the concept of the Corkscrew signature corner of Laguna Seca.
Early life.
Kjell Qvale (pronounced “shell kev-all-ee”) was born in Trondhjem, Norway, and is the son of a Norwegian sea captain. He moved to the United States in 1929. Qvale attended the University of Washington and was a U.S. Navy pilot during World War II. 
Car importing, dealing and manufacturing.
On a trip to New Orleans, Qvale saw an MG TC, an English sports car made by Morris Garages. He decided to import MG cars into the United States, believing that since he found the car so appealing other people would too. He established a business near San Francisco and diversified by adding other car brands including Austin, Morris, Jaguar, and Rolls Royce. The business traded under the name 'British Motor Car Distributors'. Later Qvale further diversified his business interests by importing non-British brands including Volkswagen (exclusive distributor of the first Volkswagens in the Western United States ), Porsche, De Tomaso, Maserati and Lamborghini. For a brief period Qvale moved into car manufacturing by acquiring a significant stake in Jensen Motors.
Jensen and the Jensen-Healey.
By 1970, Qvale's organization was selling more than 160,000 cars in the United States. The Austin-Healey, produced by the British Motor Corporation (BMC), was popular with American buyers. BMC's announcement that it would end production of Austin-Healeys created a problem for Qvale, who stood to lose sales. It was also unwelcome news for Austin-Healey's designer Donald Healey – who received a royalty on each Austin-Healey sold – and for English car manufacturer, Jensen Motors, who built the Austin-Healeys for BMC. This prompted discussions between these three parties which ultimately led to a plan for the design and production of a vehicle to fill the gap the Austin-Healey would leave. In 1970 Kjell Qvale became the majority shareholder in Jensen Motors. The first production version of the Jensen-Healey was completed in 1972.
Qvale Automotive Group.
Kjell Qvale's son, Bruce Qvale, founded automobile manufacturer Qvale. Qvale was an independent Italian car manufacturer founded in 2000. Qvale's sole product was the Qvale Mangusta, originally the De Tomaso Biguà. In 2003, Qvale sold the rights to the Mangusta to MG Rover Group.
Horse racing.
Qvale spent a lifetime owning and racing thoroughbred racehorses. He was president of the Pacific Racing Association at Golden Gate Fields and also served as chairman of the board of Bay Meadows Racetrack. He headed the board of directors at Golden Gate Fields for 25 years (where his horses still run) and his breeding farm in the Napa Valley was the last home of the legendary Silky Sullivan. In the 1980s he campaigned his homebred Variety Road, only missing a campaign in the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing because of the horse's ill health. Variety Road's biggest win came in the 1987 Grade I San Fernando Stakes, when he nipped Broad Brush at the wire with Snow Chief and Ferdinand right behind them. 
Death.
Kjell Qvale died at the age of 94, still racing his horses. Until the day of his death he maintained an active racing stable in Napa, California, his last win coming on October 20, 2013 at Santa Anita Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18747411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747411" title="Capt. Joseph Gould House">
Capt. Joseph Gould House

The Capt. Joseph Gould House is a historic First Period house at 129 Washington Street in Topsfield, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story frame house that is six bays wide and two rooms deep. The oldest part of the house, the eastern three bays, may have been built in the late 17th century; it achieved the present footprint with an addition in the early 18th century of the western bays. The house is distinctive among First Period houses in the region because its original portion was built from the start to be two rooms deep, when most houses of the period started out one room deep and were extended to the rear later.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747422" title="Second Temple of Hera (Paestum)">
Second Temple of Hera (Paestum)

The Temple of Hera II (sometimes called the Temple of Neptune), is a Greek temple in Paestum, Campania, Italy. The name Temple of Neptune is a misnomer from the 18th century, even though, it was actually dedicated to the goddess Hera. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage site.

</doc>
<doc id="18747430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747430" title="Zaccheus Gould House">
Zaccheus Gould House

The Zaccheus Gould House is a historic First Period house at 85 River Road in Topsfield, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house was built c. 1670, probably for Zaccheus Gould by John Gould, one of the founders of Topsfield. The house is a 2.5 story five bay wood frame structure. The older portion of the house is on the right of the central chimney; the portion on the left is estimated to have been added c. 1700. The workmanship on the exposed framing elements inside the house suggests that the same workman also worked on the Stephen Foster House.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. Because the property was subdivided, it is no longer at its listed address, 73 Prospect Street. The property also contributes to the River Road-Cross Street Historic District, listed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18747444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747444" title="Granite Keystone Bridge">
Granite Keystone Bridge

The Granite Keystone Bridge is a historic bridge that carries Granite Street (Massachusetts Route 127) over the former railroad that transported granite from Pigeon Hill to Granite Pier in Rockport, Massachusetts. The bridge arch was built in 1872 in eleven weeks. Its single arch spans and is wide. The granite below took an additional four years to be cleared for the rail bed.
The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18747451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747451" title="Cammy Fraser">
Cammy Fraser

Cammy Fraser (born 22 July 1957 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a midfielder. Fraser won league titles and cups with three Scottish clubs, collecting three trophies with Rangers and one each with Heart of Midlothian and Dundee. Fraser also played with Raith Rovers and Montrose in his career. Fraser left the senior game in 1993 to become player/manager at Lochore Welfare. Although Fraser never held a senior coaching position, he applied to become manager of former club Raith in October 2004. Fraser also managed Newburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18747453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747453" title="Benjamin Grant House">
Benjamin Grant House

The Benjamin Grant House is a historic house at 47 County Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It is a well-preserved early Georgian house, built c. 1735 by Benjamin Grant. He was killed in the French and Indian War, and the house subsequently came into the hands of the Ross family, who owned it well into the 20th century. The house is a 2.5 story colonial with a central chimney. The front portion of the house consists of two rooms, one on either side of the chimney, behind which is a single story leanto addition. The interior of the house has remained well preserved, showing numerous Georgian details.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and is subject to a local preservation restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="18747458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747458" title="Talvorik">
Talvorik

Talvorik () is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="18747463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747463" title="Normal order (disambiguation)">
Normal order (disambiguation)

Normal order may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18747470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747470" title="João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa">
João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa

João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa (Lisbon, January 27, 1811 – Lisbon, January 7, 1895) was an army general who became the Prime Minister of Portugal between October 14, 1890 and January 17, 1892 in a non-partisan government organized by the Liga Liberal (Liberal League).

</doc>
<doc id="18747471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747471" title="David Gray House">
David Gray House

The David Gray House is a historic house at 232 Salem Street in Andover, Massachusetts, United States. The 2.5 story colonial was built for David Gray, a local farmer, in about 1812, and it remained in his family until the 1930s. It is five bays wide, with a central chimney, and a front door surround consisting of a pedimented top and fluted pilasters on the sides.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747482" title="Keziah Dane">
Keziah Dane

Keziah Dane is a 1967 novel by Sue Grafton. A work of mainstream fiction, this novel was published by Grafton when she was 27 years old. This is one of only two Sue Grafton novels published before her more famous "Alphabet" series of mystery novels.
This is the fourth novel Grafton wrote but the first one published. Originally written under the title "The Seventh Day of Keziah Dane", Grafton entered the unpublished novel in an Anglo-American Book Award contest. The novel did not win, but it drew a publication offer from a British publisher which Grafton used to get an agent who got the book an American publisher, Macmillan.
Plot summary.
Keziah Dane is a widow who lives "on the brink of poverty" with her children in a small Kentucky town. She lost her husband in a flood that also devastated their town. A vagrant named Web gains Keziah's trust then attempts to rape her eldest daughter. The daughter fends off the attack but kills Web in the process. The body is dumped in the flooded town and unexpected complications ensue for the Dane family.
Critical reaction.
Contemporary reaction was positive with featured reviews in "The New York Times" and "Los Angeles Times", among others. Reviewer Marjorie Driscoll noted that Grafton presented her "widely varied array of characters" in a "sympathetic and understanding story" while displaying her "versatility" by "making them all very real."
References.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="18747483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747483" title="81 Ceti">
81 Ceti

81 Ceti (abbreviated 81 Cet) is a G-type giant star approximately 300 light years away in the constellation of Cetus. Based on its mass of 2.4 solar masses, it was an A-type star when it was a main-sequence star.
Planetary system.
In July 2008, the planet 81 Ceti b was announced by Sato, along with 14 Andromedae b and 6 Lyncis b. The planet was found to be a super-Jupiter, with 5.3 times the mass of Jupiter. It takes 953 days for it to complete its orbit around the star.

</doc>
<doc id="18747488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747488" title="Great Stone Dam">
Great Stone Dam

The Great Stone Dam (also called the "Lawrence Dam" or "Lawrence Great Dam") was built between 1845 and 1848 on the site of Bodwell's Falls on the Merrimack River in what became Lawrence, Massachusetts, in 1847.
It is the site of a hydroelectric plant (completed in 1981) owned by Enel (now parent company of the Essex Company, which still owns the dam). and the Lawrence Hydroelectric Associates 
The dam feeds two canals (North, re-built in 1848, and South, completed in 1896). At their peak, the North Canal provided up to 13,000 horsepower and the South Canal 2,000 horsepower: the Essex Company sold "mill rights" to its water power, allowing mills to use the energy provided.
The North Canal existed before the dam, but was redeveloped both to better feed the mills and to accommodate the drop caused by the dam. About a mile in length, the canal had a guard lock and three lift locks with mitered gates. The locks were abandoned in the 1960s.
The dam has a length of and a height of .
Lawrence is in Essex County, Massachusetts, approximately north of Boston and only a few miles south of the New Hampshire border (Salem), located in the Merrimack Valley. The dam is downstream from Lowell and is visible from Route 28 (Broadway) in Lawrence and from behind the Pacific Paper Mill (now defunct).
Background.
In part due to the successful use of the river's power to develop the industrial potential of the city of Lowell, a consortium of local industrialists (Abbott Lawrence, Edmund Bartlett, Thomas Hopkinson of Lowell, John Nesmith, and Daniel Saunders) set out to create a "New City on the Merrimack", which would later become known as Lawrence.
Land was acquired from towns on both sides of the Merrimack River (North Andover, Andover and Methuen) 11 miles downstream from Lowell.
However, water power required a fall greater than the provided by the natural river drop; to achieve a usable water height of no less than , a dam of unprecedented size would be required.
Initially known as "The Merrimack Water Power Association" (1843) under Samuel Lawrence and Daniel Saunders, the association had identified that "there lay a tract of land resting upon foundations of imperishable blue stone and so shaped and environed by nature as to be a rare site for a permanent dam and a connected system of canals, and for the building of a manufacturing city"; this tract was at Bodwell's Falls.
In 1845 Abbott Lawrence, Nathan Appleton, Patrick T. Jackson, John A. Lowell, Ignatius Sargent, William Sturgis and Charles S. Storrow incorporated as the Essex Company with a charter to develop water power for planned textile mills along the Merrimack River by building a dam at the preferred site. In addition to being a company director, Storrow was the lead engineer for the Essex Company and is credited as the designer and engineer of the dam.
Previous to incorporating as the Essex Company, the group of men had been known as the "Boston Associates" and had made similar developments upstream in Lowell, where a dam of similar (but smaller) size had already been built, giving rise to that industrial city.
The plans set forth by the Essex Company, for the dam and surrounding industrialization, were so popular that it took less than one month to acquire capital of 1 million dollars.
Construction.
Gilmore & Carpenter won the contract to build the dam. The construction commenced and finished on the same day (September 19) three years apart (one source states it was the same hour) from the first stone laid in 1843 to the last in 1848. Charles H. Bigelow, who had been an engineer in the US Army, supervised the construction.
The exact construction is outlined as follows: 
"The dam is constructed of huge granite blocks, laid in hydraulic cement firmly embedded and bolted upon the river rock bed. The thickness at the base is 35 feet, narrowed gradually to about 13 feet below the crest stone. The greatest height of masonry is 22 feet and the average plunge of water 25 to 26 feet without flashboards. The masonry, including wings extending inland, is 1,629 feet in length. The overflow of water is 900 feet wide from wing to wing, the crest line curving slightly upstream. A solid filling of earth, backing the masonry and sloping back, one foot in six, protects the structure. The south wing wall is 324 feet long and the north wing 405 feet. The original cost of the structure, at the time of building when prices of labor and material ruled low, was about $250,000.".
The construction was innovative for the time as it used hydraulic injections of concrete into the spaces between the granite stones. This has led to the dam's reliability and durability, as despite several severe floods no repairs to the dam itself have ever been required, although repairs were made in 1894 to the wooden flashboards and the flashboard system was updated in 2007 to improve water control. No repairs to the stonework have ever been needed.
At the time of its construction it was the largest dam in the world, and it remains one of the significant landmarks defining the city to which its creation gave birth. It was so significant to the city at the time, a celebration was held in honor of its semi-centennial in 1895, yet now may be less celebrated, as at the site of the dam there is no viewing platform, monument or historical marker giving passersby information about the historical innovation and social marvel beneath their feet. The Lawrence History Center (located in what were the offices of the Essex Company) has significant displays on the dam and its creation.
The construction of the dams and canals might have been more expensive if not for the easy availability of cheap labor, often Irish immigrants, who worked in what could be appalling and unsafe conditions which contributed to injury and sometimes death.
Post-construction (20th century) development.
Increasingly from the end of World War II, the economic, social and industrial landscapes within which the mills relied on the dam's power were changing. Complex interrelated forces including geographical migration of the textile industry and development of an increasingly influential "consumer economy" with high shopper expectations, demanding price models and rapidly evolving fashion tastes, plus the development of energy and industrial technologies, all led to widespread mill closures, making the power the dam provided obsolete for current needs while also wholly inadequate for newer development.
While these and other changes reduced demand for the dam's energy, demand for hydroelectric power was growing: the Great Stone Dam was both literally and figuratively well placed to be as much a part of the future as it had been of the past if investment could be found for the necessary modernization. In the 1970s the Lawrence Hydroelectric Associates began the construction of a $28-million power plant at the south end of the Great Stone Dam that would ensure energy production and preserve the architectural integrity of the dam. In 1981, the project was completed allowing the generation of 16.8 MW of energy, far more than the 15,000 hp the dam provided in its heyday.
The plant's development included a high-tech fish ladder intended to promote fish migration, especially salmon. Fish numbers in the river are higher than before, but time has shown that although the presence of a ladder is better than not having one, the dam—as do all unnatural river obstructions—has had a detrimental impact on natural resources. Although hydroelectric power has often been billed as a sustainable green energy source, continued sustainability relies on developing better ways of supporting nature, fish habitat and fundamental ecological services.
The need to work in partnership with nature and be more responsive to a changing climate led in 2007 to $3.5 million in improvements and repairs, including replacement of the old plywood flashboards with a more reliable metal and rubber-bladder washboard structure (for better flood and water level control), as well as improving fish migration. In 2008 repairs were delayed by exceptionally heavy rains which highlighted the necessity of the repairs. The development was carefully planned to ensure longevity and capacity for the 19th century achievement.
It remains owned by the Essex Company which itself is now owned by Enel Green Energy, in partnership with Lawrence Hydroelectric Associates.
Added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977, the Great Stone Dam is considered one of the greatest engineering projects of the 19th century due to its size, its method and the impact of its development. It stands as testament to the heyday of great innovation and innovators, to a time of economic and social development, to the Essex Company itself, and most importantly to an immigrant city born in and of the American industrial revolution. It was further included in the North Canal Historic District in 1984.
Contribution to local recreation.
Because of the impact on the depth and flow of the river, and the large mill pond caused by the dam, the area above and below the dam have enhanced recreational opportunities.
A large area for sailing, kayaking and boating is located immediately upstream from the dam, supported by a large boat house housing the Greater Lawrence Community Boating Program (as well as a water rescue station).
Despite conservationist concerns over fish numbers, the area immediately below the dam is a popular fishing location for breeds such as white perch, American shad, river herring, and in season, striped bass, also known as "stripers", as the area has a larger concentration of fish due to the dam and an easily accessible shoreline for both boaters and shoreside anglers.

</doc>
<doc id="18747490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747490" title="USRC Erie">
USRC Erie

The USRC "Erie" was a United States Revenue Cutter stationed at Presque Isle in Erie, Pennsylvania. It replaced the USRC "Benjamin Rush" on the Great Lakes. Daniel Dobbins supervised the construction of and was in command of the USRC "Erie" from 1833 to 1841. Dobbins was placed back in command of the USRC "Erie" in 1845. USRC "Erie" was active in the prevention of the violation of United States neutrality during the Canadian Rebellions of 1837 and was placed under the control of the United States War Department in April 1839.
USRC "Erie" was sold in Erie on 31 July 1849 for $684. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747492" title="Edward Grainger">
Edward Grainger

Edward Grainger (1797 – 1824) was an English teacher of anatomy, and dresser to Sir Astley Cooper. Grainger opened an anatomical school in Webb Street, Southwark, London in 1819 after his offer to teach at Guy's Hospital was rejected. 
The school was successful until the College of Surgeons changed their by-laws to squeeze the independent schools. The Webb St school was continued by Edward's brother Richard Dugard Grainger after Edward's early death.
Life.
He was born in Birmingham, the elder son of Edward Grainger who was a surgeon there, and author of "Medical and Surgical Remarks" (1815). After receiving medical instruction from his father, he entered as a student at St. Thomas's Hospital with Guy's Hospital. in October 1816. He was a dresser to Sir Astley Cooper, who advised him to open an anatomical school in Birmingham after he had become a member of the Royal College of Surgeons. When Charles Aston Key was appointed demonstrator of anatomy by Cooper, Grainger was anxious to be made joint demonstrator with him; but failing in that, he opened an anatomical school of his own in June 1819, at a tailor's house in St. Saviour's Churchyard, Southwark, in a large attic, as a dissecting-room.
Grainger began with 30 pupils, and was successful; in the autumn of 1819 he took a building in Webb Street, Maze Pond, close to Guy's, which had been used as a Roman Catholic chapel. Grainger's school had the favour of the resurrection men, speedily rivalled the hospital schools, and drew pupils from them. In 1821 he built a theatre in Webb Street, and was joined by John Armstrong and Richard Phillips. His school grew, despite obstacles put in the way of the students by hospital surgeons in London, especially the council of the Royal College of Surgeons. In 1823 he built a larger theatre, and the school had nearly 300 pupils. 
Grainger died from consumption at his father's house in Birmingham, on 13 January 1824, having not quite completed his twenty-seventh year.

</doc>
<doc id="18747499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747499" title="Hale-Boynton House">
Hale-Boynton House

The Hale-Boynton House built in 1764, is a historic house on Middle Street in Newbury, Massachusetts. The house is now part of the campus of The Governor's Academy, where it is referred to as "Boynton House".
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18747501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747501" title="Media in Buffalo, New York">
Media in Buffalo, New York

This is a list of media in Buffalo, New York.
Television.
Although no cable stations are currently, as of 2013, based in Buffalo, Time Warner Cable News has an affiliate and news bureau in the city, as does Time Warner Cable Sports Channel. Channels that have previously been headquartered in Buffalo include Pinwheel/Nickelodeon (1979 to 1981), Empire Sports Network (1991 to 2005), and Bridges TV (2004 to 2012).
In addition, Buffalo residents can also pick-up stations from the neighbouring Greater Toronto Area with a suitable aerial antenna or cable subscription. CTV flagship station CFTO/Toronto and CBC flagship CBLT/Toronto are carried on Time Warner Cable and Atlantic Broadband in the immediate Buffalo/Niagara Falls areas, according to their channel lineups.
Film industry.
Though Buffalo is not a major center of film production, the Buffalo Niagara Film Commission exists to promote and assist with filmmaking in the area. In addition, the non-profit Buffalo International Film Festival helps to highlight the work of Buffalonians associated with the film industry. Squeaky Wheel, a non-profit media arts center, provides access for local media artists to video and film equipment, as well as screenings of independent and avant-garde films.
Films set in the Buffalo area.
There have also been a number films that were set or filmed in the Buffalo area. A more complete list of films related to or based in buffalo can be found at IMDb

</doc>
<doc id="18747514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747514" title="Hamilton Historic District (Hamilton, Massachusetts)">
Hamilton Historic District (Hamilton, Massachusetts)

The Hamilton Historic District encompasses the early historic center of Hamilton, Massachusetts. It includes properties at 540-700 and 563-641 Bay Road, extending along the road from Orchard Road in the south to Cutler Road in the north. Numerous Greek Revival buildings are located within the district including the First Congregational Church of Hamilton, built in 1843.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18747529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747529" title="Sarah H. Harding House">
Sarah H. Harding House

The Sarah H. Harding House is a historic duplex house at 6-8 Harding Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built in 1846 for Sarah Harding, a single woman who belonged to the locally notable Harding family (for whom Harding Street is named). She had the Greek Revival duplex built to provide housing for single women of modest means at a time when such housing was relatively uncommon. The building is 2.5 stories tall, with entry to both units through matching doors in the center of the six-bay facade. The entranceway features a classical surround, with glass side lights and transom.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747535" title="Jonathan Leo Fairbanks">
Jonathan Leo Fairbanks

Jonathan Leo Fairbanks (born February 19, 1933 in Ann Arbor) is an American artist and expert of American arts and antiques. Fairbanks created the American Decorative Arts and Sculpture department at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and served as the Curator of the department from 1970-1999.
Fairbanks is the son of the American sculptor, Avard Fairbanks. He was born in Ann Arbor while his father was teaching at the University of Michigan. He is also an eleventh generation descendant of English colonist Jonathan Fairbanks. 
Fairbanks is on the Board of Directors of the Fairbanks Family in America, Inc., which owns and operates the house. He earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Utah and his MFA from the University of Pennsylvania through a joint program with the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts. He earned a second Masters degree, an M.A. in American Culture, from the University of Delaware in the Winterthur Museum Fellowship Program. He served at the museum as an Associate Curator in charge of conservation for nine years. 
Fairbanks has served as curator for several exhibits, including "Becoming a Nation, Americana from the Diplomatic Reception Rooms, U.S. Department of State," which toured eight cities from April 2003 until January 2005. He was also the Sr. Vice President of AntiquesAmerica.com, the Editor at Large for the Catalogue of Antiques and Fine Art, and a Research Associate at Boston University. He is on the Board of Directors of the Decorative Arts Trust, of which he was President for 12 years. Fairbanks currently serves as Vice President of Research for Artfact.com. 
Some of Fairbanks’ artwork is owned by institutions such as the National Portrait Gallery, the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston, The Boston Public Library, the Wye House and Myrtle Grove on the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and the Alhambra in southern Spain. His work was featured in the exhibit, “Jonathan Leo Fairbanks, A Painter's Journey, 1952-2004,” which was on display at the Washington County Museum of Fine Arts in Hagerstown, MD in 2004. 
Fairbanks has received several awards, including the Victorian Society of America Award for Conservation, The Charles F. Montgomery Award from the Decorative Arts Society, The Urban Glass Award for Exceptional Museum Glass Exhibition, The Ellen Banning Ayer Award for Contributions to Arts and Culture, and the Lifetime Achievement Medal from the Society of Arts and Crafts, Boston. In 2003 the Decorative Arts Trust announced the endowment of The Jonathan L. Fairbanks Lectureship in honor of Fairbanks’ achievements. In 2003, the Furniture Society bestowed upon Fairbanks the Award of Distinction. In 2006 Fairbanks received the Iris Foundation Award for Outstanding Contributions to the Decorative Arts by the Bard Graduate Center.

</doc>
<doc id="18747538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747538" title="List of awards and nominations received by Renée Zellweger">
List of awards and nominations received by Renée Zellweger

The following is a list of awards and nominations received by American actress Renée Zellweger. Among her awards, Zellweger has won an Academy Award, a British Academy Award and three Golden Globe Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18747543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747543" title="Joseph Hardy House">
Joseph Hardy House

The Joseph Hardy House is a historic late First Period house at 69 King Street in Groveland, Massachusetts. According to local history, the 2.5 story center chimney wood frame house was built about 1720 by Joseph Hardy, which is supported by analysis of the construction techniques used. It is an relatively infrequent instance of plank frame construction which is not usually found in the region. One half of the leanto section, giving the house a saltbox appearance, was added sometime later in the 18th century; the other was added early in the 20th century.
The house was listed (incorrect at 93 King Street) on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747545" title="81 Ceti b">
81 Ceti b

81 Ceti b (abbreviated 81 Cet b) is an extrasolar planet approximately 300 light years away in the constellation of Cetus. It orbits the G-type giant star 81 Ceti at an average distance of 2.5 AU, taking about 2.6 years to revolve with 20.6% eccentricity. This planet was discovered on July 3, 2008 by Sato "et al.", who used Doppler Spectroscopy and found the wobbling of the star caused by the planet’s gravity during its revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18747548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747548" title="The Farm Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
The Farm Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

The Farm Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. It contains some of soldiers killed during World War I during the battles at Gallipoli. This was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Turkish forces in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war, to relieve the deadlock of the Western Front (France/Belgium) and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea.
The Turks referred to a small stone shepherd's hut on the western slopes of the Chunuk Bair ridge as "Aghyl" (sheepfold), whilst the Allied troops called it The Farm. The position was captured by Allied troops on 6 August 1915 at the start of the battle of Chunuk Bair but lost on 10 August in the overwhelming Turkish counter-attack which pushed the Allies back off the ridge brought the battle to a close.
The cemetery was constructed after the Armistice from remains recovered from the surrounding area. Special memorials commemorate seven soldiers believed to be amongst its 645 unidentified burials.

</doc>
<doc id="18747549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747549" title="Dyment Falls">
Dyment Falls

Dyment Falls is a 15.7 metre high overhang ribbon waterfall found in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Dyment's Farm, Rock Chapel Sanctuary, Borer's Falls, Borer's Falls Conservation Area, Sydenham Falls, and Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Highway 6 North (Guelph) exit and travel approximately 3 kilometres to Highway 5 East and then turn left onto Sydenham Road. Park on the your at the lookout point near the Escarpment brow. Walk back up Sydenham Road and follow the Bruce Trail. The waterfall will be on your left.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18747555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747555" title="Urias Hardy House">
Urias Hardy House

The Urias Hardy House is a historic house at 50 Brown Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Urias Hardy was an overseer at the nearby Arlington Mills. The Brown Street house, built in 1900, is a fine example of the large single-family home constructed during a time of rapid midde class expansion. The larger more elaborate home is in contrast to the smaller worker houses being built closer to the mills. The Hardy House was built during a period when Methuen became a "bedroom" community for the more urban Lawrence, and is associated with the last period of single-family house building prior to World War II.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747559" title="Kocherinovo">
Kocherinovo

Kocherinovo (, pronounced ) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province. It is the administrative centre of Kocherinovo Municipality, which lies in the southern part of Kyustendil Province.
Kocherinovo is located 100 kilometres south of Sofia, 8 kilometres north of Blagoevgrad and 2 kilometres off European route E79, on the way to the Rila Monastery. In the 1930s, famous Bulgarian poet Nikola Vaptsarov worked in a Kocherinovo factory as a stoker and a technician. 
The town's name stems from the dialectal word "kocherina", a derivative of "kocher", "pigsty, section of a shed". It is related to the placename Kočerin near Široki Brijeg, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kocherovo near Gotse Delchev. The name was first mentioned in 1878. In 1974, Kocherinovo was proclaimed a town.

</doc>
<doc id="18747569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747569" title="Harnden Farm">
Harnden Farm

Harnden Farm is a historic farmstead at 261 Salem Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It includes a farmhouse and barn, built c. 1840 for Jesse Harnden, a farmer who moved from Reading. The house is notable for its late Federalist elements as well as its Greek Revival styling, and the barn is a rare surviving example of a Greek Revival barn.
The farmstead was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747570" title="Neria, Mateh Binyamin">
Neria, Mateh Binyamin

Neria (), also known as Talmon Tzafon (, "lit." North Talmon) or Talmon Bet (, "lit." Talmon B) is a national-religious communal Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located next to Talmon and between Modi'in Illit and Ramallah, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Binyamin Regional Council. It has a population of around 250 families. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The village was established in 1991 by a number of families who had met at Mercaz HaRav yeshiva, and was named after Rabbi Moshe-Zvi Neria. The community is led by spiritual leader Rabbi Michael Hershkovitz, a current teacher at Mercaz HaRav.

</doc>
<doc id="18747571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747571" title="Juri Manase">
Juri Manase

Juri Manase (真瀬 樹里 Manase Juri, also known as Julie Manase, born January 1, 1975) is a Japanese actress.
Biography.
Early life.
Juri was born Juri Maeda (前田 樹里　Maeda Juri) in Tokyo, Japan. She is the daughter of actor Sonny Chiba and actress Yoko Nogiwa. Her father contributed one of the Kanjis, Chinese characters, 真 for her stage-last name, which is composed of two Chinese characters, 真瀬. This Kanji, 真, primarily refers to truth or reality. Her father also contributed the same Chinese character, 真, to his protégé, actor Hiroyuki Sanada (真田, Sanada). She was inspired to be an actress at the age 5 by seeing her parents on sets and stage. While she was in school, she received varieties of lessons and trainings to acquire various skills and become a versatile actress. Throughout her secondary school years, she was being a member of the English acting club. After graduation, she studied acting at Nippon University and was a member of the university Tate (Japanese sword-action) club.
Career.
She began her acting career in 1994, in the same year landing a significant role by auditioning for a movie called "ButouhaJingi -Kanketsuhen-" She then appeared in several TV series, movies and plays in Japan. In 1998, Juri was praised in her role as a guest lead in an NHK TV series about Samurai called “Terakoya Yume Shinan.” Her career extended overseas when in 2002 she was invited to the US to teach 'Tate' (Japanese stage combat) to the leads in Quentin Tarantino's "Kill Bill." Along the way, she was offered the role of a "Crazy 88." The director also asked her to be Lucy Liu's stunt double for a few takes due to her level of expertise in Tate and Japanese traditional dance. More recently, in 2007, she obtained a significant role as a Shinobi (Ninja) in the NHK samurai TV series Fūrin Kazan. Her performance as well as her expertise in sword-action fascinated the viewers. Film authority, Louis Anderman, referred to Fūrin Kazan as "masterpiece theater with swords".

</doc>
<doc id="18747588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747588" title="Ionia Maximum Correctional Facility">
Ionia Maximum Correctional Facility

The Ionia Maximum Correctional Facility (ICF), also known as "I-Max" is a state prison located in Ionia, Michigan, USA. 
I-Max was opened in 1986 and consists of five maximum security level V housing units and two medium security level II housing units. It is one of five maximum security men's prison facilities in Michigan, along with Marquette Branch Prison in Marquette, Alger Maximum Correctional Facility in Munising, Baraga Maximum Correctional Facility in Baraga, and Standish Maximum Correctional Facility in Standish.(this prison was closed in 2009 eliminating 604 Level five security beds) Although the Ionia Maximum Correctional Facility was once the state's only supermax prison, Michigan downgraded the facility from a level VI (or supermax) to a level V maximum security prison in 2004.
Three of the level V housing units are designated 'general population'. The remaining two are used for administrative segregation (a unit in which prisoners are confined to their cells for breaking prison rules), temporary segregation, detention, and secure outpatient treatment. The level II facility consists of a 280-bed building separated into two units. Level II prisoners have access to a variety of recreational activities and are allowed to work in the prison and for Michigan State Industries, a factory that employs low-risk prisoners.
On Monday, February 3, 2014, Michael David Elliot, convicted and given multiple life term for the 1993 first-degree murders of two men and two women, and the arson of their residence, over drug money, escaped without help, and carjacked a woman's car, stopping for gas in Elkhart County (the Jeep turned up in Shipshewana, Indiana, in LaGrange County, near the Michigan border). He has enough fuel to travel about 100 miles. He was housed in the level 2 section. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747592" title="Edward Harraden House">
Edward Harraden House

The Edward Harraden House is a historic house at 12—14 Leonard Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. It was built on land purchased by Edward Harraden in 1656, who is presumed to have built the house not long afterward. It was one of the early houses in the development of Annisquam village. It is a 2.5 story seven bay colonial with an off-center central chimney. The oldest portion of the house is the second through fourth bays from the left; the interior sections to the right of the chimney was added sometime before 1765. The house was afterward further extended by one bay on each side. The only clear evidence of its First Period origins is in the attic, or is covered over by the walls.
The house was built in 1660 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747595" title="Normal order of an arithmetic function">
Normal order of an arithmetic function

In number theory, a normal order of an arithmetic function is some simpler or better-understood function which "usually" takes the same or closely approximate values.
Let ƒ be a function on the natural numbers. We say that "g" is a normal order of ƒ if for every "ε" > 0, the inequalities
hold for "almost all" "n": that is, if the proportion of "n" ≤ "x" for which this does not hold tends to 0 as "x" tends to infinity.
It is conventional to assume that the approximating function "g" is continuous and monotone.

</doc>
<doc id="18747596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747596" title="Green Velvet (album)">
Green Velvet (album)

Green Velvet, from 2000, is a compilation album and US debut of the house artist of the same name. More or less a rehash of "The Nineties (1993 A.D. Through 1999 A.D)", which was released in Belgium, it did contain several other tracks that that album did not. It was also the only album of his to be released by a major label, Warner Bros. Records' short-lived F-111 imprint, in that country. “Flash” and “Answering Machine” were released as a double-A-sided maxi-single with numerous remixes.

</doc>
<doc id="18747597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747597" title="Kelso &amp; Company">
Kelso &amp; Company

Kelso & Company is a private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and growth capital transactions. Kelso invests in a variety of sectors, including communication, manufacturing and restaurants.
Kelso is based in New York City and was founded in 1971. Since 1980, the firm has raised approximately $10.1 billion of investor commitments to its private equity funds and was among the 50 largest private equity firms globally. Since its inception, the firm has made investments in over 90 companies representing more than $31 billion of aggregate purchase price.
Kelso also provides mezzanine capital through a joint venture with BlackRock, an asset management firm. Their joint venture, BlackRock Kelso Capital Corp. (), is organized as a type of publicly traded private equity company known as a Business Development Company.
History.
Originally founded in 1971 as Kelso Bangert & Company, the firm acted as both an advisor and merchant bank, both making investments and advising in mergers and acquisitions. Kelso was founded by Louis O. Kelso, a lawyer and economist who is given credit for developing the concept for employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs), in 1956. Kelso, alongside a sister company Louis O. Kelso Inc., focused initially on M&A activity involving Employee Stock Ownership Plans.
Kelso raised its first private equity fund and has had a dedicated private equity investment platform since 1980. Louis O. Kelso who died in 1991 transitioned management of the firm to Joseph Schuchert to focus on writing and lecturing. Today the firm is headed by Frank T. Nickell who joined the firm in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18747600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747600" title="Harris Farm (Marblehead, Massachusetts)">
Harris Farm (Marblehead, Massachusetts)

The Harris Farm is a historic late First Period farmhouse at 3 Manataug Trail in Marblehead, Massachusetts. It is a rare example of a three bay house from that period. It was built c. 1720 as a two story structure with one room on each floor, and an integral leanto section in the rear. In the 18th century the leanto section was raised to a full two stories and the roof was rebuilt. Further additions in the 1950s added converted 19th century sheds to the rear of the house, and the front door was replaced with a Colonial Revival style door.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747602" title="Turán sieve">
Turán sieve

In number theory, the Turán sieve is a technique for estimating the size of "sifted sets" of positive integers which satisfy a set of conditions which are expressed by congruences. It was developed by Pál Turán in 1934.
Description.
In terms of sieve theory the Turán sieve is of "combinatorial type": deriving from a rudimentary form of the inclusion-exclusion principle. The result gives an "upper bound" for the size of the sifted set.
Let "A" be a set of positive integers ≤ "x" and let "P" be a set of primes. For each "p" in "P", let "A""p" denote the set of elements of "A" divisible by "p" and extend this to let "A""d" the intersection of the "A""p" for "p" dividing "d", when "d" is a product of distinct primes from "P". Further let "A"1 denote "A" itself. Let "z" be a positive real number and "P"("z") denote the product of the primes in "P" which are ≤ "z". The object of the sieve is to estimate
We assume that |"A""d"| may be estimated, when "d" is a prime "p" by 
and when "d" is a product of two distinct primes "d" = "p" "q" by
where "X"   =   |"A"| and "f" is a function with the property that 0 ≤ "f"("d") ≤ 1. Put
Then

</doc>
<doc id="18747603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747603" title="List of quadrangles on Tethys">
List of quadrangles on Tethys

Tethys has been divided into 15 quadrangles.

</doc>
<doc id="18747613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747613" title="Hart House (Lynnfield, Massachusetts)">
Hart House (Lynnfield, Massachusetts)

The Hart House is a historic First Period house at 172 Chestnut Street in Lynnfield, Massachusetts. The two story, three bay wood frame house was built in stages. The oldest portion is the front of the house, consisting of two stories of rooms on either side of a central chimney. It was probably built by John Hiram Perkins, the owner of the property from 1695 to 1719. Not long afterward, a leanto section was added to the rear, giving the house its saltbox appearance. It was acquired by John Hart in 1838, and it remained in his family until 1945. Even though the house underwent a major rehabilitation in 1968, its First Period construction is still evident.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747624" title="William Haskell House">
William Haskell House

The William Haskell House is a historic colonial house at 11 Lincoln Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts.
This 2.5 story First Period house was built c. 1700. It is four bays wide, and includes additions made in the 18th century. In the early 20th century this house was purchased by sculptor A. H. Atkins, who made a number of alterations, but also took steps to preserve the house. Publicity over this work in the 1920s and 1930s contributed to growing interest in the preservation of First Period structures. The house was briefly owned by the Cape Ann Museum as a house museum.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747627" title="R. W. Beck, Inc.">
R. W. Beck, Inc.

R. W. Beck, Inc. was a design engineering company focused primarily on public and private infrastructure organizations.
The company, though founded in Nebraska, was most recently based in Seattle. It also had offices in several US states and in Singapore.
History.
R.W. Beck Inc. was founded in 1942 by Robert W. Beck in Columbus, Nebraska. He was a founding member of the American Public Power Association (APPA).
In 1954 the company became a partnership, R.W. Beck & Associates, diversifying into new private markets with hydroelectric projects and electrical design and construction management. During 1957, R.W. Beck & Associates helped form the nation’s first Joint Action Agency, Washington Public Power Supply System (now Energy Northwest). Water and wastewater management services were added in the 1960s and solid waste services in the 1970s. The firm incorporated in 1996 becoming R.W. Beck, Inc., a privately held corporation.
R.W. Beck Inc. served public and private infrastructure organizations and financiers in the energy, water, wastewater, and solid waste industries. At its peak in the early 2000s, the company employed as many as 650 engineers, economists, analysts, scientists, and other professionals. R.W. Beck's customers included utility organizations, municipalities and other government entities, financial institutions, and private developers and investors. A subsidiary of R.W. Beck Inc., Beck Disaster Recovery Inc. (BDR), provided emergency management consultancies in hazards mitigation, preparedness/planning, response, recovery and reconstruction services; continuity and emergency operations planning; risk management and mitigation; and training services to local and state government agencies nationwide.
R.W. Beck Inc. had approximately sixteen offices in the United States, including key offices in Boston, Denver, Seattle, Orlando, and Nashville; and in 2004, R.W. Beck Inc. established a Singapore office.
In 2007, R.W. Beck Inc. acquired Plexus Research, Inc. a Boxborough, Massachusetts-based technology and management consulting firm that provided utility industry consulting services in the technologies, applications, and economics of advanced energy systems. Plexus specialized in the areas of Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) and Automatic Meter Reading (AMR) applications. In 2007, R.W. Beck Inc. acquired Barnes & Click, Inc., a Plano, Texas-based firm that provided consulting services to the hydrocarbon processing industries, including petroleum refining, gas midstream, and petrochemical sectors.
In July 2009, Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) acquired R.W. Beck, Inc.; and in 2011, R.W. Beck Inc. became part of SAIC's Energy, Environment, & Infrastructure LLC (SEE&I) Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18747631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747631" title="Bob Ames">
Bob Ames

Bob Ames is an American sailboat designer.
Work.
Bob Ames designed several of the significant classes of boats around today, including the Vanguard 15, the Vanguard Vector, the Vanguard Nomad, and the Cheetah 30. In addition he has designed versions of development class boats such as the International 14, the American National Canoe, the Moth, and the Ultimate 30.
He has a reputation for designing light and fast planing sailboats.
Education.
He is a graduate of the Department of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering at the University of Michigan College of Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="18747633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747633" title="Hastings-Morse House">
Hastings-Morse House

The Hastings-Morse House is a historic First Period house at 595 E. Broadway in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of the 2.5 story wood frame house, its central chimney and right side rooms, were probably built c. 1706 by a man named Hastings. Left side rooms and a partial leanto section on the back of the house were added during the 18th century. The house underwent a major restoration in the late 1957, which included raising the roof on the leanto section. Another 20th century addition is the sunroom on the left (west) side of the house. Evidence of the building's First Period origins is still visible in the right front room.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18747639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747639" title="Carapelli Computers">
Carapelli Computers

Carapelli Computers is a Taiwanese company founded in 1983 with the goal of linking manufacturers based in South East Asia to the world's merchandise trading markets.
By 1986 Carapelli was exporting various computer parts to Canada and India including computer casings, power supplies, motherboards & additional add-on peripherals and by 1991 the company had started exporting notebooks from every OEM manufacturer under the Impulse brand moniker to Canada. At that time Impulse was ranked 3rd in notebook sales nationwide.
In 1987 Carapelli expanded its operations to Hong Kong and Bangkok in a move to expand the company's market share in general merchandise and computers. By 1997 the group's turnover had exceeded USD 50 Million and was still growing.
In 1994 Carapelli further expanded its operations to the United Arab Emirates by opening two import facilities. Carapelli Computers was started in Dubai, United Arab Emirates with both a retail and wholesale strategy.
In the year 2001, Carapelli again expanded its operations by establishing a large retail and wholesale presence in the U.A.E.'s trade capital Dubai and subsequently in the year 2002 Carapelli created two more branch locations at the Jebel Ali freezone port and in Abu Dhabi, the capital of the United Arab Emirates. The former was created to increase Carapelli's distribution abilities to the whole of the Middle East and Africa, and the latter was established in order to gain a larger retail and wholesale presence within the capital of the nation.
In the year 2006, Carapelli invested in a manufacturing presence in mainland China, producing media products and GPS systems and in 2008 the focus shifted to the manufacturing of laptop computers for the masses.
World's Cheapest Laptop.
In 2008 Carapelli launched the Impulse NPX-9000, which is claimed to be the world's cheapest notebook, at a wholesale price of U.S. $129.00.
References.
ITP Review of the Impulse NPX-9000
Computer World Announcement of Impulse NPX-9000 Launch
OLPC News Announcement of Impulse NPX-9000 Launch

</doc>
<doc id="18747644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747644" title="Haverhill Board of Trade Building">
Haverhill Board of Trade Building

The Haverhill Board of Trade Building is a historic factory building at 16-18 and 38-42 Walnut Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The seven story brick building was built in stages between 1906 and 1908 by the Haverhill Board of Trade, a consortium of local businessmen. The purposes of the building was to provide affordable factory space to small business operators, principally in the shoe manufacturing business that dominated Haverhill's economy in the early 20th century. The building also marked an expansion of Haverhill's business and industrial district into a previously residential area.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. It is been converted to residential use.

</doc>
<doc id="18747652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747652" title="Haverhill Historical Society Historic District">
Haverhill Historical Society Historic District

The Haverhill Historical Society Historic District encompasses a collection of historic buildings that have been accumulated by the Haverhill Historical Society at 240 Water Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The district, which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005, has at its core a Federal style farmhouse that was donated (along with the surrounding parcel of land) to the society in 1903. It includes about of land between John Ward Avenue and the Merrimack River, on which stand four buildings; there is also an archeological site, the remains of a late 17th century homesite, on the property.
The colonial history of the property begins in the 1660s, when it was the home of Elizabeth Ward and Nathaniel Saltonstall, grandson of early Massachusetts settler Richard Saltonstall, and one of the judges of the Salem witch trials. The Saltonstall family held the property in the late 18th century, when a parcel with the house on it was taken by mortgage foreclosure by George Watson, brother-in-law to Richard Saltonstall. The property was sold by Watson's heirs to James Duncan, Sr., and it either he or his son Samuel who built the brick Federal style house known as Buttonwoods that now stands on the property. The old Saltonstall house was demolished around this time.
Sometime in the early-to-mid 19th century a second house was built on the property, which was generally occupied by the farmer who managed the land. This house, known as the "Ward" house, was relocated to Eastern Avenue, sometime between 1880 and 1891. The main house and surrounding farmlands remained in the Duncan family until 1888, when heirs began subdividing and selling the farmland. The house remained in Elizabeth Duncan's ownership until she gave it to the Haverhill Historical Society in 1903.
The historical society acquired the property in part to house its growing collection of papers and artifacts, and the eastern two rooms of the house were adapted as a firesafe vault for those materials. The rest of the house was first occupied by the society's curator, who redecorated the house and used it to display his personal collection. In 1906 the "Ward" house was returned to the property, at a site believed to be near its original location. This is house is used by the historical society for interpretive displays.
In the 1920s the society acquired a chapel building on the north side of John Ward Avenue, which it renamed Tenney Hall. This building was to the main parcel in the 1980s, after the society sold the land it was on to Linwood Cemetery. The last main contribution to the property is a historic 1860s ten footer (a small shoe manufacturing building), added to the property in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18747653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747653" title="6 Lyncis">
6 Lyncis

6 Lyncis (abbreviated 6 Lyn) is a K-type subgiant star approximately 182 light years away in the constellation of Lynx. The star has mass 1.7 times, radius 5.2 times, and luminosity 15 times that of our Sun. It has apparent magnitude 5.88 and absolute magnitude 2.10.
Planetary system.
In July 2008, the planet 6 Lyncis b was announced by Sato, along with 14 Andromedae b and 81 Ceti b. The planet was found to have minimum mass of 2.4 Jupiter masses and period of 899 days.

</doc>
<doc id="18747661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747661" title="Hazen-Kimball-Aldrich House">
Hazen-Kimball-Aldrich House

The Hazen-Kimball-Aldrich House is a historic First Period house at 225 E. Main Street in Georgetown, Massachusetts.
The Hazen House was built around the 1680s by Thomas and Mary Hazen. Thomas was born in Rowley, Mass. January 29, 1657 (son of Edward Hazen, first generation to migrate to America from Lincolnshire, England) and Mary Howlett born in Ipswich, Mass. around 1664. Thomas and Mary moved from the house in 1710-11, relocating to Norwich, Connecticut.
The oldest part of the house is the central chimney and the rooms immediately to its right; the rooms to the chimney's left were built next (probably not long afterward), and the leanto section (which faces the street today) was added in the middle of the 18th century. In 1906 a barn was attached to the north side of the house and converted to living space.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747664" title="Artamet">
Artamet

Artamet () is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia; it is located around 65 km east of Yerevan and 12 km from the border with Turkey. Artamet was founded in 1982. In 1991, 650 families from Nagorno Karabakh were settled in Artamet; all but 2 of those families have since left.

</doc>
<doc id="18747670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747670" title="Hazen-Spiller House">
Hazen-Spiller House

The Hazen-Spiller House is a historic late First Period house at 8 Groveland Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. Built c. 1724 by Richard Hazen, It is a rare example of a brick house of the time, and notable for its role in early 20th century restoration activities. The 2.5 story building is made of brick laid in English bond, with end chimneys and a central hall layout. The house was acquired in 1911 by early preservationist William Taylor, who took notes detailing the buildings First Period features. In 1915 Taylor sold the house to Wallace Nutting, who undertook a "restoration" that covered over some of those features and may have destroyed others. The house was one of a series owned by Nutting and showcased in a guidebook, "Chain of Picture Houses", he used to popularized colonial styles.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747677" title="Heard-Lakeman House">
Heard-Lakeman House

The Heard-Lakeman House is a historic house at 2 Turkey Shore Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. Nathaniel and John Heard built this 2.5 story wood frame house in 1776 for Nathaniel to live in. He sold it in 1795 to Richard Lakeman III, member of a seafaring family. The house is notable for an extremely large chimney with an arched foundation over long, which supports two large fireplaces. The building was a notable object of restoration during the Colonial Revival in the 1920s.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, and is subject to local preservation restrictions.

</doc>
<doc id="18747688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747688" title="Henfield House">
Henfield House

The Henfield House is a historic First Period house at 300 Main Street in Lynnfield, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this 2.5 story saltbox colonial was built c. 1700; this consisted of the right side of the house (including the shed section to its rear) and the central chimney. The left side was built early in the 18th century. The only other major modification was the addition of a shed dormer in the early 20th century, and some single story additions extending from the rear of the house on the east side. The house is named for the owners during most of the 18th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18747698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747698" title="Ella Proctor Herrick House">
Ella Proctor Herrick House

The Ella Proctor Herrick House is a historic house at 189 Concord Street in the rural western part of Gloucester, Massachusetts. The oldest portion of this First Period house was built in the late 17th century; a brick found during in the central chimney bears the date 1672. The left side of the 2.5 story center chimney saltbox shows clear evidence of 17th century construction methods, and includes a rare example of a segmentally arched interior door frame. The structure to the right of the chimney was added in the 18th century, and there were some early 20th century additions. The central chimney is also a 20th-century replacement.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747700" title="Eli Ruckenstein">
Eli Ruckenstein

Dr Eli Ruckenstein is a Distinguished Professor, Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. His main research areas are catalysis, surface phenomena, colloids and emulsions, and bio-compatible surfaces and materials.
Biography.
He received his PhD from the Polytechnic University of Bucharest in 1949. He started his academic career as an Assistant Professor with his alma mater. In 1969, he was invited to spend six weeks in London at the University College and Imperial College. After this he received an invitation as National Science Foundation Senior Scientist at Clarkson College. Subsequently in 1970, he joined the University of Delaware as a Full Professor. He then joined University at Buffalo (UB) in 1973.
Now at more than 80 years of age he is still works as full-time member of the UB faculty, and continues to conduct original research and publish peer-reviewed journal articles at a rate well above the average.
Awards.
Ruckenstein is the recipient of numerous awards and honors. Among the most prominent of these are his induction into the National Academy of Engineering in 1990, and his award in 1998 of the National Medal of Science, which is the highest scientific honor bestowed by the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18747705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747705" title="Jaycee Park">
Jaycee Park

Jaycee Park, located in Fort Pierce, Florida, was the spring training home of the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1954. The Pirates had an enjoyable stay in Fort Pierce but left after one year when Fort Myers, Florida offered the team a renovated facility and a guarantee on ticket revenue. 
Pittsburgh Pirates.
Up until 1952 the Pirates had an on again, off again relationship with San Bernardino, California as the site of their spring training. In 1953, the team had a dismal camp in Havana, Cuba. The Pirates were looking for a long term location for their spring home. Branch Rickey, the Pirates General Manager, visited several prospective spring training locations for 1954. The finalists were Ocala, Fort Myers, Florida and Fort Pierce, Florida. 
Once the Pirates settled on Fort Pierce for their 1954 Spring Training location, Jaycee Field was configured with big-league dimensions: 333 feet from home plate to left field, 400 feet to center and 330 feet to right field. After installing bleachers from an adjacent football field, seating capacity was increased to 5,000. The city also agreed to install a practice infield and to expand the clubhouses.
The Pirates were a special business rate to stay at the Shamrock Village, a former Navy training base that had been converted at a cost of $1.5 million into 150 efficiency apartments and 44 motel rooms. The Pirates were charged $10 per man per day: $3.75 per man per room and $6.25 per man for meals at the nearby Flamingo Restaurant.
The Pirates’ first exhibition game in Fort Pierce was played on a Sunday, March 7, against the Detroit Tigers. Pittsburgh won 7-3. At the end of Spring Training 1954, the Pirates left for Pittsburgh to begin the regular season. Three months later, the Pirates signed an agreement to train in Fort Myers, primarily because that city guaranteed $30,000 in admissions to 10 exhibition games.
Jaycee Park was later demolished. The field was located near U.S. Route 1 on the site occupied now by the city's police headquarters.

</doc>
<doc id="18747708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747708" title="High Service Water Tower and Reservoir">
High Service Water Tower and Reservoir

High Service Water Tower and Reservoir, built in 1896, is a historic site off MA 110 in Tower Hill, Lawrence, Massachusetts. It was added to an existent reservoir, the pumping station dating to 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="18747709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747709" title="6 Lyncis b">
6 Lyncis b

6 Lyncis b (abbreviated 6 Lyn b) is an extrasolar planet orbiting the K-type subgiant star 6 Lyncis which is approximately 182 light years away in the Lynx constellation. The planet has a minimum mass 2.4 MJ. The orbital period for this planet is 899 days, or 2.46 years. The orbital radius for this planet is 2.2 AU, periastron 1.9 AU, and apastron 2.5 AU, corresponding to the orbital eccentricity of 0.134. This planet was discovered on July 3, 2008 by Sato "et al.", who used Doppler spectroscopy to find variations of the line of sight motion of the star caused by the planet’s gravity during its orbit.

</doc>
<doc id="18747712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747712" title="Betty Eisner">
Betty Eisner

Betty Grover Eisner (September 29, 1915 – July 1, 2004) was an American psychologist known for pioneering the use of LSD and other psychedelic drugs as adjuncts to psychotherapy.
Early life and education.
Eisner grew up in Kansas City, Missouri, where she graduated from the Sunset Hill School in 1933. She earned her undergraduate degree in political science from Stanford University in 1937. During World War II, she served as a Red Cross volunteer. After the war, she traveled across Europe, an experience she documented in a series of letters to the "Los Angeles Times". After returning to the U.S., she earned a Ph.D. in clinical psychology from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Professional life.
Eisner conducted psychotherapy research, first with Sidney Cohen at the Neuropsychiatric Hospital Veterans Administration Center in Los Angeles and, later, from her private practice in Los Angeles. Eisner authored a book, "The Unused Potential of Marriage and Sex", which was published in 1970. She also helped found The School for Learning, which taught English in Mexico. In the 1990s, she maintained a private practice in Santa Monica, California, occasionally publishing articles on psychotherapy and serving on the board of advisors for the Albert Hofmann Foundation. In 2002, Eisner wrote an unpublished autobiographical account of her career entitled "Remembrances of LSD Therapy Past".
LSD research.
Eisner's accomplishments are considerable, even if one does not consider how few independent female scientists there were in the 1950s and 1960s. She conducted early research into the use of LSD to treat alcoholism and maintained an active interest in hallucinogens throughout her career. Along with Sidney Cohen, Eisner appears to have originated the practice of using simultaneous male and female therapists or researchers during human hallucinogen administration. Eisner was a therapist for Bill Wilson, co-founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, when he tried LSD. In addition to using hallucinogens like LSD and mescaline in psychedelic therapy, Eisner also gave stimulants such as methylphenidate and the inhaled gas mixture carbogen to her patients. 
However, Eisner's interest in finding new tools for psychotherapy was not limited to drugs. Eisner was particularly focused on extra-pharmacological variables that she felt influenced outcome of psychotherapeutic sessions. She considered the specific individuals present as an important variable in therapeutic outcome and sometimes conducted sessions in group settings. Some of these group sessions included "encounter group"-style expression and body work. Eisner also described the psychotherapeutic importance of a variable she called 'matrix.' This term encompassed the everyday living space and larger social context in which the patient lived and returned to between sessions.
Betty Eisner's publications and personal correspondence are archived at Stanford University.

</doc>
<doc id="18747726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747726" title="Hickey-Osborne Block">
Hickey-Osborne Block

The Hickey—Osborne Block is a historic block at 38—60 Main Street in Peabody, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1797 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18747738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747738" title="High Street Historic District (Ipswich, Massachusetts)">
High Street Historic District (Ipswich, Massachusetts)

The High Street Historic District is a predominantly residential historic district in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It encompasses the oldest section of High Street, which was laid out when Ipswich was founded in 1633. The district runs for four blocks from the junction with Town Farm Road and the railroad right-of-way in the west, to North Main Street in the east. The street was for several centuries part of the principal thoroughfare through the town, but became sidelined by the construction of Central Street in 1871, which bypassed traffic off most of this stretch of High Street.
Ipswich was from its earliest days an important transit stop, and High Street was the location of its inns for travelers. It was also where courts met when judges rode the circuit. In the 18th century small industrial shops also populated the street, and some of these led to the building of larger textile firms elsewhere. When Central Street was built just south of High Street, the street began to acquire a more distinctly residential character, which it retains to this day.
The district contains more than thirty structures built before 1750, many of which retain First Period and Georgian styling. Some of the more interesting houses include that of John Caldwell, built c. 1660 on the site of Governor Simon Bradstreet's original 1630s house, the c. 1770s town jail, which was converted into a Greek Revival house in the 19th century, and the c. 1727 house of Reverend Nathaniel Rogers. One of the more unusual later buildings included on the district is a Queen Anne Victorian at 12 High Street.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18747739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747739" title="East Glover's Falls">
East Glover's Falls

East Glover Falls is a 6 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, Glover’s Falls, Mount Albion Conservation Area, Felker's Falls, Felker's Falls Conservation Area, King's Forest Golf Course, Mohawk Sports park, Glendale Golf Course, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area.
Directions.
From QEW take the Centennial Parkway exit and follow this road up the Escarpment. Turn right onto "Mud Street West" and then turn right again onto "First Road West". Proceed to the end of First Road West and park at the intersection of First Road West and "Glover Mountain Road". Follow the tributary at the end of Glover Mountain Road to the waterfall.

</doc>
<doc id="18747741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747741" title="1983 Detroit Lions season">
1983 Detroit Lions season

The 1983 Detroit Lions season was the 54th season in franchise history. With a 9–7 record, the Lions were able to rise to the top of a weak NFC Central, to claim their first division championship since 1957. In the NFC playoffs, the Lions lead the San Francisco 49ers late into the 4th Quarter, until Joe Montana drove the 49ers down the field for a 14-yard touchdown pass to Freddie Solomon to give the 49ers a 24–23 lead. The Lions would have a chance to win the game, as Gary Danielson drove them into field goal range, but placekicker Eddie Murray missed a 44-yard field goal with five seconds remaining. 

</doc>
<doc id="18747748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747748" title="Nevestino, Kyustendil Province">
Nevestino, Kyustendil Province

Nevestino (, pronounced ) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province. It is the administrative centre of Nevestino municipality, which lies in the central part of Kyustendil Province.
The village lies 13 kilometres from the provincial capital of Kyustendil, on both banks of the Struma River and near the Kyustendil-Dupnitsa and Kyustendil-Boboshevo-Blagoevgrad roads. Nevestino was first mentioned in 1576 under the name "Gospozhino pole" (Госпожино поле, "lady's field"); a parallel Ottoman Turkish name was "Köprü" ("bridge"), referring to the famous bridge Kadin most in the village, which has existed since 1470. Nevestino's name roughly means "the bride's [place, field", from the word "nevesta" (невеста), "bride", attested in Old Bulgarian НЄВѢСТА.
Municipality.
Nevestino municipality has an area of 442 square kilometres and a population of around 3000 people. It includes the following 23 villages:
Honour.
Nevestino Cove in Robert Island, South Shetland Islands is named after Nevestino.

</doc>
<doc id="18747751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747751" title="Holt Farm (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Holt Farm (Andover, Massachusetts)

Holt Farm is a historic farm built in 1708 and located at 89 Prospect Road in Andover, Massachusetts. The house was built on the highest point in Essex County on land granted in Nicholas Holt III, after his 1708 marriage to Mary Manning. In the early 20th century the area was renamed Holt HIll for the family, replacing the old name of Prospect Hill.
The first Holt in Andover was Nicholas Holt, an early officer of the town and grandfather of Nicholas Holt III, who was a tanner who also ran the ferry across the Shawsheen River. Despite evidence that Nicholas himself was barely literate, his descendants became known for their academic accomplishments with a long line of ministers and teachers.
Early settlers of Andover, the Holts lived near Scotsman Robert Russell, in the part of Andover long known as the 'Scotland District.' Russell, the first person to be interred in the newly designated South Parish burying ground in 1710, had ten children, three of whom married Holts from nearby Holt Farm.
Much of the original Holt Farm now forms portions of the Ward Reservation and is owned by The Trustees of Reservations as a public park.

</doc>
<doc id="18747760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747760" title="Flavian of Ricina">
Flavian of Ricina

Saint Flavian of Ricina () is venerated as a martyr and bishop by the Catholic Church. Tradition holds that he was a bishop of 
Helvia Ricina (Macerata), during the third century, martyred on November 24. His cult is ancient and widespread in the Marche and Umbria, with many churches and abbeys dedicated to him, but historical information on his life is limited to a few details and traditions.
He is sometimes identified with Archbishop Flavian of Constantinople.
Veneration.
One of Flavian's successors in the see of Ricina, Saint Claudius (4th century), fixed the date of Flavian's feast day and also built and dedicated a church to him. Ricina was destroyed by the Goths during the fifth and sixth centuries, and its inhabitants emigrated to Recanati, thus spreading Flavian’s cult. Other groups of refugees carried the relics of the saint in the direction of Tolentino, erecting an oratory in honor of Flavian, on a site that may have been associated with a pagan deity. On the site of this oratory, the Benedictine monastery of Rambona, which still conserves Flavian's relics. The sarcophagus purported to carry his relics actually dates from the 4th century and as Antonio Borelli points out, this fact casts doubt on the authenticity of Flavian's relics, which were carried there –at least according to the tradition- two centuries later. One explanation is that the relics were not carried there at all, but already at Rambona when the inhabitants of Ricina arrived there, or that they belonged to a different saint: Saint Amicus (Amico), abbot of Rambona. 
The cult of St. Flavian in Recanati nearly died out in fifteenth century before reinvigorating itself once again after a plague hit the city in 1483; a procession in honor of the saint was held in that year and Father Bonfini, a scholar from Ascoli Piceno, wrote a panegyric in honor of the saint, in November 1483.

</doc>
<doc id="18747765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747765" title="Holt-Cummings-Davis House">
Holt-Cummings-Davis House

The Holt-Cummings-Davis House is a historic house located at 67 Salem Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It is estimated to have been built around 1700 at a location across the street, and nothing is known of its owners at the time. The first recorded owner was William Hawley, who bought it in 1803. It was purchased in 1835 by Job Abbott as a wedding present for is daughter Lucy, who married Joseph Holt. Under their ownership it was moved to its present location, and a new house was built on the old site. This house was next owned by Daniel Cummings, who married into the Holt family. In 1895 the property was bought by Augustus Davis, whose family owned it until 1935. The house itself is an unusual 1.5 story First Period house, six irregularly spaced bays wide, with a slightly offcenter chimney. The house has been restored, and a large modern addition has been added to its west end.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747773" title="New Zealand cricket team in Australia in 2008–09">
New Zealand cricket team in Australia in 2008–09

The New Zealand cricket team toured Australia between 13 November 2008 and 15 February 2009. The tour was divided into two legs; commencing with a tour match against New South Wales, the first leg contained two Test matches between New Zealand and Australia in which the sides competed for the Trans Tasman Trophy.
New Zealand then went home for a series against the West Indies and Australia hosted the South African team. New Zealand returned to Australia on 29 January 2009 for the second leg, comprising a tour match against the Prime Minister's XI, five One Day Internationals (ODIs) against Australia for the Chappell–Hadlee Trophy and a Twenty20 International also against Australia.
Australian cricket team.
The Australian side had recently returned from a tour of India where they had lost the four-match Test series, and with it the Border-Gavaskar Trophy, 2-0. During that series, Australia had repeatedly fallen behind the required over rate; during the final match, captain Ricky Ponting used part-time bowlers to try to catch up rather than push for a victory, a move which was criticised by former captains.
New Zealand cricket team.
Prior to this series, the New Zealand side had just completed a tour of Bangladesh, winning the test series 1-0 (with one test drawn after three days were lost to rain) and the one-day series 2-1. At the beginning of the test series, they were ranked seventh in the ICC Test Championship. Captain Daniel Vettori said that he "was leading the nucleus of a good side", but pointed out that the inexperienced batting lineup would face a tough task against an Australian side that would be looking to come back strongly from their series loss to India.
First leg.
1st Test.
Brisbane had been hit hard with weeks worth of devastating storms, leaving the pitch soft and green. Both teams were returning from the sub-continent and struggled badly with the bat. Australia were all out for just 214 late on day one with Clarke last to go on 98 runs, NZ survived a few overs to finish 0/7 at stumps. The next morning began perfectly for Australia with a wicket on the first ball, and more kept coming. NZ collapsing to be all out for just 156 from 50 overs, Taylor the highest scorer on 40. Australia did not fare much better with Hayden out first ball and Australia limping to 6/131 at stumps on day 2. Katich managed to score 100 and he ended running out of partners finishing not out on 131, seeing Australia to 268. Needing 327 runs to win, NZ got a terrible start and were 4-49 until a good partnership between Flynn and Taylor. However Australia managed two late wickets, one on the last ball of the day putting NZ at 6/143 at stumps on Day 3. Australia bowled NZ out for 177 on Day 4 to give them the 1-0 advantage.
2nd Test.
Following the first Test, the Australians called Peter Siddle into the squad with Shane Watson returning to state cricket. Jason Krejza was named in the team after having been twelfth man in the first Test; however, he twisted his ankle in training two days prior to the start of the match and his place was taken by fellow spin bowler Nathan Hauritz.
On the Tuesday before the match began, New Zealand Cricket announced the appointment of Andy Moles as successor of retiring coach John Bracewell. Moles was to take over immediately following the Australian Test series, meaning this was Bracewell's final match in charge of the New Zealand side. The only change to the New Zealand team was Peter Fulton replacing Grant Elliott in an attempt to bolster the batting lineup.
Second leg.
1st ODI.
Australia's top order capitulated with none of the top five scoring over 15 runs. There was some resistance from Hussey and Haddin, but ultimately Australia were unable to bat out the innings, running out of wickets and posting a very low score. Australia did however put the pressure on with the ball and for most of the chase New Zealand was behind Australia score at the same points in time. Michael Clarke clean-bowled a batsman but replays showed that the bails were dislodged by Haddin's gloves, which were in front of the stumps. The loss was Australia's fourth consecutive ODI loss, having just been defeated 1–4 against South Africa.
3rd ODI.
Australia could have scored 303, but 2 penalty runs were not awarded because the Australian batsmen ran down the pitch (as opposed to beside the pitch, which is the rule) again after being warned not to by the umpire. The rule no runs are obtained from a delivery (ball) if a batsman runs down the pitch.
5th ODI.
Rain caused the match to be reduced to 22 overs. The New Zealand innings was further reduced to 20 overs. Heavy rain caused the match to be abandoned when New Zealand were 123.

</doc>
<doc id="18747777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747777" title="Johann Paul Schiffelholz">
Johann Paul Schiffelholz

Johann Paul Schiffelholz (13 March 1685 – 28 January 1758), was a German Baroque composer and an important composer for the variety of baroque lute called colascione, as well as writing the usual trio sonatas, etc., for the violin family of instruments. He was born in Heideck.
Guitar versions of the mandora music are published by Suvini Zerboni as well as one of the trio sonatas by Breitkopf & Härtel.

</doc>
<doc id="18747779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747779" title="Fox Channel (Germany)">
Fox Channel (Germany)

Fox (also known as Fox Channel or FOX Channel Germany) is a premium cable German television channel dedicated to television drama series.
The channel heavily features American and British drama series from the major broadcast networks and premium cable networks. They are broadcast without interruptions with both German and English audio. 
History.
On March 10, 2008, News Corporation officially requested a broadcasting license for the FOX International Channels Germany GmbH at the media institute Berlin-Brandenburg (MABB). A month later, the green-light was given for launching the FOX Channel. It launched on May 19, 2008 and became part of the pay television platform Premiere, which was later renamed to Sky Deutschland, in October 2008. As of 2013, FOX Channel can be viewed through most cable operators - as part of a pay-TV package - and Sky Deutschland.
In the beginning, FOX aired HBO television series' like "The Sopranos", "Sex and the City" and "Entourage" and reruns of shows like "The Practice", "Magnum, P.I.", "Law & Order", "JAG" and "The Nanny". 
Labeled under 'First on FOX', the channel premiered with critical acclaimed series The West Wing on its launch date May 19, 2008. The political series didn't catch the interest of any other German network before after being considered being "too American". FOX aired all seven seasons with the series finale airing on July 25, 2011. Other shows premiering on FOX have been "The Wire", "Dirty Sexy Money", "Mad Men", "The Walking Dead", "Da Vinci's Demons", "Shameless", "Drop Dead Diva", "The Big C" and "American Horror Story".
On April 1, 2009, transmissions switched to the 16:9 format. In October 2010, FOX HD premiered. The new high definition channel became part of the major packages with the SD channel staying on the air. FOX HD is presented in Full HD (1080i).
In 2011, FOX received the rights for the revived "Doctor Who" series, starting with season five that introduced Matt Smith's incarnation of the Doctor. ProSieben aired the first two seasons back in 2008, but didn't buy more seasons due to lack of ratings. After FOX successfully aired seasons five and six, the channel responded to the desire of the audience and bought the rights for season three and four, finishing them before starting with airing the seventh season in December 2012.
Other British television series that aired on FOX are spy drama "Spooks", "Ashes to Ashes" and "Death in Paradise". FOX also took over crime drama "Silent Witness", starting with its thirteenth season. The show's first nine seasons previously aired on RTL. "Skins" became also part of the line-up with its first three seasons. After, however, not many showed interest in the show's second generation, FOX denied interest in airing any future episodes. 
In November 2011, FOX successfully bought the pay-TV rights to rerun the first two seasons of legal drama "The Good Wife". After a successful run, FOX bought the rights to show new episodes, starting with season three. The free-TV rights are with ProSiebenSat.1 Media who announced the third season to be shown on sixx. However, so far nothing has come of it and season three was released on DVD without a free-TV airing.
After five years on the air, FOX has become a well-known television channel for good television series. On July 10, 2013, "The Bridge" premiered on FOX after a rerun of the original.
Programming.
Series broadcast on the channel include:

</doc>
<doc id="18747782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747782" title="Collection of Splits 2002–2004">
Collection of Splits 2002–2004

Collection of Splits 2002–2004 is a compilation album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was released in the spring of 2006 on Great White North Records.
The compilation contains all of the tracks (minus live and bonus tracks) from the splits released between "Backstabber Ettiquette" and "Legacy of Hopelessness". It was also packed with enhanced MP3 tracks from some of the earlier splits and other oddities. Topon Das had expressed an interest in releasing a compilation after he realized that many fans were unable to acquire the actual splits, due to their limited pressings and many of the labels being overseas. This compilation made the band's material from these splits more accessible.
Release.
Due to the limited availability of many of their splits, Fuck the Facts decided to release this compilation in the hopes that fans could get their music more readily. Shortly after the release of this album, Great White North Records folded. 500 copies were made, but it is suspected that many were lost while trying to get across the border for distribution. As a result, the initial intent to increase availability was unsuccessful. However, in July 2007, Galy Records re-released the collection, making it readily available again.

</doc>
<doc id="18747786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747786" title="Nevestino">
Nevestino

Nevestino () may refer to several villages in Bulgaria:

</doc>
<doc id="18747791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747791" title="Hiram Barney">
Hiram Barney

Hiram Barney (May 30, 1811 – May 18, 1895) was Collector of the Port of New York from 1861 "-" 1864. He was born in Henderson, Jefferson County, New York and graduated from Union College in Schenectady, New York, in 1834. Barney was
Collector during the first three years of the administration of Abraham Lincoln. He resigned and refused an appointment to a foreign mission.
Lawyer and abolitionist.
In 1830 he served as chairman of the executive committee of the Young Men's Anti-Slavery Society in New York City. He was associated with John Jay, A.C. Coxe, Theodore Weld, and Henry Stanton. 1840 he formed a law partnership with William Mitchell in New York City. The firm was later continued under the name of Barney, Humphrey, and Butler. Mitchell died suddenly and in March 1849 Barney became associated with
Benjamin Franklin Butler (lawyer) and his son William Allen Butler.
In 1840, he was nominated for the United States Congress by the Anti-Slavery Party. He was a presidential elector when the Free Soil Party was formed in 1848. Barney was a delegate to the Republican National Convention of 1856, which nominated John C. Fremont. He voted for Charles Sumner rather than Fremont while he was there. He attended the Republican National Convention in Chicago, Illinois in 1860. Barney met with Lincoln at Springfield, Illinois shortly after the convention ended. Barney raised $35,000 in New York, which he sent to the Illinois State Committee.
Lincoln called upon Barney at a hotel in Springfield when he was sent by Republicans of New York to consult with Lincoln regarding his Cabinet.
Lincoln requested that Barney write out a list in pencil of his choices for Cabinet posts. He chose Caleb Smith as Secretary of the Interior and
Simon Cameron as Secretary of War, rather than men Barney had recommended.
Family and death.
His first wife, Susannah Tappan, was the daughter of the abolitionist Lewis Tappan. Barney died at Spuyten Duyvil in 1895, after a long illness. He was 84.

</doc>
<doc id="18747798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747798" title="Whegs">
Whegs

Whegs ("wheel-legs or wing-legs") are mechanisms for robot locomotion. Whegs use a strategy of locomotion that combines the simplicity of the wheel with the obstacle-clearing advantages of the foot.
Whegs were pioneered at the Biologically Inspired Robotics Laboratory at Case Western Reserve University.
Whegs robots were inspired by the Prolero robot, designed in 1996 at the European Space Agency, and the RHex robot, developed by a multiuniversity effort funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. The mobility system is based on studies on the locomotion of the cockroach.
Wing-legs are found on flying robots and are wings dual-purposed as legs for locomotion when the robot is on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18747799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747799" title="Laniel, Quebec">
Laniel, Quebec

Laniel is an unorganized territory in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality, Abitibi-Témiscamingue region, Quebec, Canada. It surrounds the northern portion of Lake Kipawa.
Laniel is also a hamlet located within this territory at the outflow of Lake Kipawa where Route 101 crosses the Kipawa River. It was named in honour of priest Armand Laniel (1866-1928).
Until 2005, Laniel and Lacs-du-Témiscamingue unorganized territories were part of the Rivière-Kipawa unorganized territory.
Demographics.
Population:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18747805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747805" title="Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover">
Koerner, Ray &amp; Glover

Koerner, Ray & Glover is the name of a blues band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. The band featured Tony "Little Sun" Glover on harmonica, "Spider" John Koerner on guitar and vocals, and Dave "Snaker" Ray on guitar and vocals. Koerner, Ray & Glover were part of the early folk/blues explosion in the 1960s.
History.
Koerner, Ray & Glover met as students at the University of Minnesota. Their common musical interest in folk and blues led them to record and perform in various configurations, doing solo turns and duets, but less as a trio together. This led Ray to suggest it would be more accurate to refer to them as "Koerner and/or Ray and/or Glover". Their breakthrough album, "Blues, Rags and Hollers" was released in 1963. They recorded two further albums for Elektra, but continued their ventures into solo albums supporting each other in both recording and touring. Glover wrote one of the very first instructional books on how to play blues harmonica.
The trio appeared at the Newport Folk Festival and their performance was recorded for the Vanguard Records album "Newport Folk Festival 1964: Evening Concerts III" and filmed for the documentary "Festival" in 1967.
They played frequently in Dinkytown, where they met Bob Dylan on his first visit to the Ten O'Clock Scholar club, influencing him and others such as Bonnie Raitt. In the late '60s they played at the Triangle Bar on the West Bank, which served as a Counter Culture venue during the Vietnam War.
They would occasionally do reunion concerts until Ray's death in November 2002. Koerner and Glover continue to occasionally perform together.
Awards.
In 1983 The Minnesota Music Academy named Koerner, Ray and Glover "Best Folk Group" and in 1985 inducted them into the MMA Hall of Fame.
In 2008, Koerner, Ray & Glover were inducted into the Minnesota Blues Hall of Fame under the category Blues Recordings for "Blues, Rags and Hollers".

</doc>
<doc id="18747812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747812" title="Newburyport Harbor Front Range Light">
Newburyport Harbor Front Range Light

The Newburyport Harbor Front Range Light is one of two historic range lights in Newburyport, Massachusetts. When it was built in 1873, it was located at Bayley's Wharf, and provided, in combination with the Rear Range Light, a critical aid for navigating into Newburyport's harbor. The light was converted to electricity in 1933, and automated in 1952. In 1964 the light was moved to its present location on the grounds of the Merrimack River Coast Guard Station. The stations is no longer in service, but serves as a daymark for arriving mariners.
The light was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, and included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18747815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747815" title="Hester Street Collaborative">
Hester Street Collaborative

Hester Street Collaborative (HSC) is a nonprofit organization whose mission is to improve the physical environment in underserved New York City neighborhoods using a participatory planning and design approach. Based out of New York City's Chinatown, HSC works with local residents, particularly students, in transforming neglected public spaces in parks, schools, and affordable housing developments through a “design-build” process which allows stakeholders to have a hands-on role. HSC's "brand" of architecture and design is used to promote vibrant, diverse communities that encourage civic engagement and a sense of ownership. HSC was officially incorporated in 2003 as a 501C(3) non-profit organization to expand on its work with communities in need. Anne Frederick is HSC's executive director.
Participatory Design.
HSC provides professional architecture and design services as well as opportunities to interface with decision-makers. Without the participation of current residents, renovations of public spaces often displace locals while incoming, more affluent newcomers change the unique character of the neighborhood. HSC addresses the need to improve public spaces particularly within neighborhoods with large immigrant populations. Many barriers prevent residents from having a voice in decisions regarding their built environment. 40% of Chinatown and the Lower East Side are foreign-born and 37% are not English-proficient. In Chinatown and the Lower East Side, there are only of open space per 1,000 people, in spite of the Governor’s Open Space Report recommending an open space/population ratio of per 1,000 people. This means that residents of disadvantaged communities often lack opportunities to experience the natural environment and the benefits of open spaces.
Leroy Street Studio and Ground Up.
In 1998, architecture firm Leroy Street Studio (LSS) was approached by East New York Urban Youth Corp to collaborate on an affordable housing project and Community Center in Brooklyn. LSS joined the Brooklyn non-profit and worked with future tenants and community members to redesign the public spaces, then collaborated with local artists to work in fabricating these elements. The project’s success inspired the later formation of HSC to work with communities in need on design-build projects.
In 2001, LSS relocated to Hester Street in New York City’s Chinatown. Across the street was the public Sun Yat Sen middle school, or M.S. 131. Architects from LSS approached the school to work with students to design and build a new garden in the neglected front yards. Over two years, an architectural education program was linked to M.S. 131’s core curriculum. The program, later named Ground Up, introduced students to architectural concepts through design exercises and workshops culminating in a campus or community improvement project. The Ground Up program encourages students to transform the quality of life in their schools and their neighborhoods, integrating elements of the academic curriculum into nonverbal, accessible, hands-on projects. HSC’s educational programs meet New York State learning standards and benchmarks for arts education.
Avenue of the Immigrants.
To honor the 2004 co-naming of Allen Street to “The Avenue of the Immigrants”, HSC worked with local residents, cultural organizations, and Ground Up students at M.S. 131 to create an installation on the Allen Street malls. The two-year long project celebrated a broad range of immigrants, artists, activists, and even buildings that have contributed to the rich cultural history and diversity of Manhattan's Lower East Side communities. "Avenue of the Immigrants" was designed to strengthen the community led effort to reclaim the Allen and Pike Street corridors.
Sara D. Roosevelt Park.
In 2006, an effort was announced to renovate Chinatown's Sara Delano Roosevelt Park (SDR). Local residents, community groups, and schools formed the SDR Coalition to take an active role in the reconstruction efforts. HSC held multiple "Visioning Days" and other activities to promote the community’s involvement in the new design for the park. “We are looking for ways to reach out to the predominately Chinese speaking park users, a group that is typically not involved in civic processes,” explained Anne Frederick, HSC's Executive Director. “These games are designed to be nonverbal, and fun." The project is still being developed by the SDR Coalition.
Allen/Pike St. Medians.
Drawing on the successful model and installation of the "Avenue of the Immigrants" installation, HSC is currently involved in the re-design of the Allen and Pike Street Malls in Lower Manhattan to ensure that their design responds to the needs and aspirations of local residents. HSC is part of the UNRAP coalition (United Neighbors for the Revitalization of Allen and Pike). Other members are the Lower East Side Tenement Museum, Lower East Side BID, Asian Americans for Equality, Community Board 3, Councilmember Alan J. Gerson, and the Two Bridges Neighborhood Council. HSC acts as the facilitator of a community visioning/design charrette process which will include site analysis, surveys, usage studies, and community design activities in order to build consensus and generate design recommendations for the Parks Department.
Community Garden.
HSC is actively involved with the P.S. 134 Community Garden, which serves as an outdoor classroom for elementary schoolers, as well as a green space for other community members. For many youth in the Ground Up program at P.S.134, their work in the community garden project is often their first exposure to nature and the alternative learning environment that a hands-on, “design-build” project can offer.
Citizen Design Internship.
HSC is involved with an ongoing high-school internship. The internship, during school and in the summer, provides high-school students with opportunities to gain hands-on experience with community improvement projects. Interns are encouraged to develop a sense of leadership as they play an active role in developing and designing tools for creating public art and design projects. The Citizen Designer Blog can be accessed at http://www.hesterstreetcollaborative.blogspot.com/.

</doc>
<doc id="18747821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747821" title="HD 179791">
HD 179791

HD 179791 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="18747824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747824" title="XO-4b">
XO-4b

XO-4b is an extrasolar planet approximately 956 light years away in the constellation of Lynx. This planet was found by the transit method by McCullough in May 2008. The planet has mass 1.72 MJ and radius 1.34 RJ. This planet orbits very close to the F-type parent star, as it is typical for transiting planets, classing this planet as Hot Jupiter.
It takes only 4.125 days (or 99 hours) to orbit at a distance of 8.3 gigameters (0.0555 AU) away from the star.

</doc>
<doc id="18747827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747827" title="Porthidium ophryomegas">
Porthidium ophryomegas

Porthidium ophryomegas is a venomous pitviper species found in Central America. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults usually grow to a length of and have a relatively slender build. Females grow larger than males and are often more than in length, while males are usually about . One exceptional specimen, a female, was reported to measure .
The color pattern consists of a tan, brown, gray or grayish-brown ground color overlaid with a narrow white, yellow or rust brown vertebral stripe and 24–40 dark brown to almost black blotches that oppose or alternate across the vertebral line. The blotches have thin white borders that extend at roughly a right angle from the vertebral line.
Geographic range.
Found in Central America in Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica. The type locality given is "les terres chaudes du versant occidental de la Cordillère Escuintla (Guatémala)" (= warm regions on western slope of Cordillera, Escuintla, Guatemala).
Habitat.
Occurs in seasonally dry forests, including tropical dry forests, arid forests, subtropical dry forests, and the more arid parts of tropical moist forests.
Behavior.
When threatened, these snakes have been known to defend themselves vigorously, often striking with such force that the body is thrown forwards or even leaves the ground.
Feeding.
The diet consists of rodents and lizards. Juveniles feed mostly on lizards, as well as small frogs if available.
Reproduction.
Oviviviparous, females give birth to live young that are about 6 inches (15 cm) in length.
Venom.
No deaths have been reported resulting from bites from this species. They are, however, quick to strike and several cases of serious envenomation have required hospitalization. According to Bolaños (1984), of the 477 cases of snakebite in Costa Rica in 1979, three were due to these snakes.

</doc>
<doc id="18747828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747828" title="Newburyport Harbor Light">
Newburyport Harbor Light

The Newburyport Harbor Light, also known as Plum Island Light, built in 1788, is a historic lighthouse on Northern Boulevard in Newburyport, Massachusetts.
The original 4th order Fresnel lens is still in use, one of only five original glass Fresnel lenses still in use in Massachusetts.
The light is now owned by the City of Newburyport and is leased to the Friends of Plum Island Light.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Newburyport Harbor Light on June 15, 1987, reference number 87001485.

</doc>
<doc id="18747831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747831" title="The Millennial Bee">
The Millennial Bee

The Millennial Bee (, also known in English as The Bee Millennium), is a 1983 film made and produced in Czechoslovakia, West Germany and Austria. The film is based on a novel written by Peter Jaroš and was directed by Juraj Jakubisko. The film was selected as the Czechoslovakia entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 57th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18747848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747848" title="Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light">
Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light

The Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light is a historic lighthouse at 61½ Water St. near the Merrimack River in Newburyport, Massachusetts. It was built in 1873 as one of a pair of range lights for guiding ships up the river to the city's harbor.
History.
Range lights, or leading lights, are pairs of beacons used to guide ships and ensure safe passage. The beacons consist of two lights that are separated in distance and elevation, so that when they are aligned, with one above the other, they provide a bearing. The original range lights at Newburyport Harbor were maintained by private subscriptions. By 1872 Congress had appropriated funds to establish publicly maintained range lights after one of the previous pair was destroyed in a storm.
When the range lights became active in 1873 local caretakers took responsibility for them. The job was later transferred to Plum Island lighthouse keepers.
Decommissioning.
In 1961 the range lights were decommissioned and the rear light became private property. Today it is available to rent for events and offers a view of the river and city.
The lighthouse, along with its mate, the Newburyport Harbor Front Range Light, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987, and included in the Newburyport Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18747862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747862" title="Newbury Historic District">
Newbury Historic District

Newbury Historic District is a historic district that sits in an irregular pattern along High Road, Green and Hanover Streets in Newbury, Massachusetts.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18747873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747873" title="EventDV">
EventDV

Formerly published by Information Today, Inc. of Medford, New Jersey, EventDV was a monthly magazine with editorial offices in Madison, Wisconsin.
"EventDV" was a monthly magazine for professional event videographers as well as those doing corporate, church, wedding, stage, social event, sports, documentary, legal, and other independent and in-house videography work. "EventDV", the Authority for Event Videographers, launched in January 2005. In November 2005, "EventDV" Magazine won a Bronze "Eddie" award in the Media/Entertainment category by Folio magazine.It closed due to financial reasons in November 2011. [http://www.eventdv.net/Articles/News/Feature/EventDV-The-Long-Goodbye-79093.htm
Stephen Nathans-Kelly is the Editor-in-chief and the magazine is divided in the table of contents into 4 sections:
Columnists.
Columns are written largely by video production industry veterans and divided into 7 regular columns, although not all columns run monthly. Columns names are a play on words that hint at the scope of the column - for example "Cradle to Grave" is a column about funeral video production while "inFusion" is a column written by photographer offering a photographic perspective to the video industry where using a DSLR for video is known as fusion.
Columnists roster:
Contributing Editors.
In addition to columnists, EventDV Magazine receives regular contributions from a group of contributors, called Contributing Editors. Contributing Editors write most of the articles in the Features, In The Field, In The Studio, and Tutorial sections.
Contributing Editors roster:
EventDV 25.
The EventDV 25 is an annual list that honors the 25 hottest or most influential videographers working in the video production field. Nominated by readers through an online write-in poll, the EventDV 25 was initially presented annually at the 4EVERGroup Video convention in 2006 and 2007. Honorees are now presented in a series of online videos and featured in the magazine with a baseball card style bio.
Winner's Circle.
The EventDV Winner's Circle is an annual award presented to software and hardware suppliers at the NAB Show. The 2011 awards were divided into Production and Post Production categories.
Circulation.
"EventDV" magazine was free to qualified subscribers until 2010, when it switched to a paid circulation. The online version is also free and articles are available in full. A weekly email spotlight runs every Monday with a circulation of 24,000.[http://www.eventdv.net/Downloads/EventDV2008_OnlineMediaKit.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="18747874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747874" title="Narcilina Montoya">
Narcilina Montoya

Narcilina "Narci" Aracely Montoya is a fictional supporting character appearing in comic books published by Azteca Productions. Created by Richard Dominguez, the character made her first appearance in "El Gato Negro" #1 (October 1993). 
Daughter to José Villar Uribe Montoya, the Minister of Finance at the Banco de la Republica de Colombia in Bogotá, Narcilina was born with the proverbial silver spoon in her mouth. Wanting to help those less fortunate than herself, she studied to become a lawyer, eventually graduating from Harvard Law. She currently works as an attorney in her new home of Edinburg, Texas. Since her introduction, Narcilina has been the primary romantic interest of Francisco Guerrero, the modern-day El Gato Negro.
Fictional character history.
Originally from Colombia, Narcilina was raised in a life of wealth and privilege. The one-time Miss Colombia wanted to pursue a more meaningful purpose in life, Narcilina dedicated her life to helping others. She began her law studies at the University of Bogotá, where she met exchange student Armando Ochoa. Establishing a romantic relationship, the two later studied at Harvard Law. After completing law school, the couple lost contact with one another and Narcilina moved to Texas, where her work would bring her close to social worker Francisco Guerrero.
In the ""Unknown Passing, Unforgettable Return"" story-arc from "El Gato Negro" #1-3, Narcilina's former flame returned as the criminal El Graduado. Armando had planned to replace his father as drug lord of South Texas by earning a seat in the criminal syndicate known as The Annulus. Failing to make a promised drug-trafficking deal after the interference of El Gato Negro, Armando was fearful of his own incarceration and attempted to bribe Narcilina to become both his attorney and future wife. Angrily denying both of his requests, Ochoa and took her hostage along with local produce magnate Agustin Guerrero. Fortunately, El Gato Negro and the Texas Rangers arrived in time to apprehend the criminal. In the ongoing ""Legacy"" storyline from "" #1-4 El Graduado is released from police custody and is assassinating rival mob bosses who refuse to join the Ochoa crime family. It is still unknown how this may affect Narcilina.
In other media.
Film adaptation.
Richard Dominguez is currently in talks for a possible live-action film adaptation of El Gato Negro which may feature Narcilina as a major supporting character.

</doc>
<doc id="18747876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747876" title="Newburyport Historic District">
Newburyport Historic District

The Newburyport Historic District encompasses most of the historic downtown area of Newburyport, Massachusetts. It is roughly bounded by the Merrimack River, Water Street, State Street and High Streets. Covering some of land and more than 2,500 contributing buildings, it includes the most populous part of the city, and a panoply of architectural styles, dating from the 17th century to the early 20th century.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It includes a number of properties previously listed on the National Register, including the former US Custom House (now a museum), the main post office, and the National Historic Landmark Caleb Cushing House.

</doc>
<doc id="18747884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747884" title="XO-5b">
XO-5b

XO-5b is an extrasolar planet approximately light years away in the constellation of Lynx. This planet was found by the transit method using the XO Telescope in May 2008. It was also independently discovered by the HATNet Project. The planet has a mass and radius just slightly larger than that of Jupiter. This planet orbits very close to the G-type parent star, as it is typical for transiting planets, classing this as Hot Jupiter. It takes only 4.188 days (or 100.5 hours) to orbit at an orbital distance of 0.0488 AU).

</doc>
<doc id="18747908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747908" title="Bajing Pavilion">
Bajing Pavilion

The Bajing Pavilion (Bajing Tai, 八境台 Bājìng Tái) in Ganzhou, Jiangxi province, China is a three-level pavilion located on the northeast corner of the Ganzhou city wall. Zhang River and Gong River join at a confluence as Gan River at its base.
Bajing Pavilion was originally built by the municipal governor Kong Zonghan(孔宗翰) during "Jiayou Era" (嘉祐 Jiāyòu) 1056–1063, Song Dynasty. In the following a thousand years, it was burnt down several times. The present pavilion was rebuilt in 1984 and opened in 1987. A 7.6-hectare area around the pavilion was adorned as Bajing Park in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="18747910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747910" title="Nahant Civic Historic District">
Nahant Civic Historic District

The Nahant Civic Historic District consists of three civic buildings in the center of Nahant, Massachusetts. The town hall is an H-shaped Colonial Revival structure built in 1912 to a design by the Boston firm of Andrews, Jaques & Rantoul. The library, which stands across the street, was built in 1895 in a Jacobethan (English) Revival style, its exterior made of ashlar granite with sandstone trim. Next to the town hall stands a small commercial block, a two story Colonial Revival building built around the turn of the 20th century, whose tenants include the local post office.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18747916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747916" title="Badr, Libya">
Badr, Libya

Badr is a small town in the Nalut District in northwestern Libya, with a population of 18,693 as of 2010. Prior to the 2007 reorganization of districts, it was part of Yafran District. The town is currently home to the Alseaan (El-See’an) tribes, who moved into the area in the early to mid 20th century replacing the Al-Haraba tribes. Discoveries in the late 20th century showed a large quantity of oil and gas underlying the area.
History.
Under the Ottomans, Badr was first part of the Villayet of Tripoli and then Tripolitania. Under the Italians in 1934, it became part of the province of Tripoli. Immediately after World War II it was administered by the French military as part of the territory of Ghadames. After independence, it was part of the Tripolitania Governorate.

</doc>
<doc id="18747923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747923" title="Nahant Beach Boulevard">
Nahant Beach Boulevard

Nahant Beach Boulevard, also Nahant Causeway and Nahant Road is a historic road on the isthmus connecting Nahant, Massachusetts to the mainland at Lynn, Massachusetts. The road runs from the Lynn Rotary, its junction with Lynn Shore Drive and the Lynnway, about to Wilson Road in Nahant. It passes through Nahant Beach Reservation, a state park offering beach access on the isthmus. The road offers expansive views of the area coastlines and Boston Harbor. Both the park and the roadway are administered by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Nahant Beach Boulevard was first laid out in 1905, as part of the Metropolitan District Commission's program of developing oceanfront parkways, and provided the first paved road access to Nahant. It was designed by the firm of Olmsted, Olmsted, and Eliot, predecessor to the Olmsted Brothers landscape design firm. Around the same time, rail access and a bridle path were also added to the isthmus.
In 1936 that roadway alignment was converted into a parking area, and the present roadway was completed the following year on the alignment of the railroad bed. The Lynn Rotary was completed in 1935. This work, along with the conversion of the bridle path to a promenade, was paid for by Works Progress Administration grants. Since then modifications to the roadway have been modest. Seawalls have been built, a chain link fence was installed on the wall between the road and the parking lot, and the rotary was landscaped.
When the roadway was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, the designation included, in addition to the roadway itself, the Lynn Rotary and the Spanish-American War Memorial located in the rotary; a second memorial, the Aliferis Monument, postdates the period of significance for the listing.

</doc>
<doc id="18747939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747939" title="Musgrove Block">
Musgrove Block

The Musgrove Block is a historic commercial building at 2 Main Street in the center of Andover, Massachusetts. The three story brick building was built in 1895 on the site of the Eagle Hotel, which owner John Flint had torn down in 1849. The building exhibits Romanesque Revival styling, featuring granite trim elements and ornate brick detailing. It occupies most of a roughly trapezoidal lot facing Elm Square, the heart of downtown Andover.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18747944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747944" title="Pacific Equity Partners">
Pacific Equity Partners

Pacific Equity Partners (PEP) is an Australasian private equity investment firm focusing on leveraged buyout and growth capital transactions primarily in Australia and New Zealand. PEP invests across a broad array of industries and will invest in turnaround and growth capital transactions.
PEP is based in Sydney, Australia and was founded in 1998 by Simon Pillar, Rickard Gardell, Paul McCullagh and Tim Sims. The majority of the firm's founders originally worked together at consulting firm Bain & Company.
The firm has approximately AUD 5.8 billion of capital under management and was among the 50 largest private equity firms.
Among the firm's most notable investments are Hoyts, REDgroup Retail (Angus & Robertson, Whitcoulls, Borders Pacific Region), Independent Liquor, Godfreys, Griffin's Foods, Frucor, Peters Ice Cream and Tegel Foods.

</doc>
<doc id="18747957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747957" title="Miguel Rodrigo Vargas">
Miguel Rodrigo Vargas

Miguel Rodrigo Pereira Vargas (born 18 November 1978 in Lisbon) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.
Football career.
An unsuccessful Sporting Clube de Portugal youth graduate, Vargas only appeared for its B-team as a senior, also being loaned three times, the first at Académica de Coimbra, where he made his first division debuts at age 19.
After his release in the 2001 summer Vargas moved to F.C. Alverca, experiencing his most steady period in his country with three consecutive seasons – two of those in the top flight – being relegated in 2003–04. Subsequently he moved to União de Leiria, but quickly changed to G.D. Estoril Praia in the second level, initially on loan.
In the 2006 summer Vargas began playing abroad, his first stop being with Cyprus' APOP Kinyras FC, being instrumental as the side managed to remain in the top division during his two full seasons stay. He moved teams in the same country in the January transfer window of 2009, signing with AEL Limassol and rejoining former Sporting (youth), Alverca and Leiria teammate Pedro Torrão; again an undisputed starter he provided several assists to his side's goals, also scoring twice in as many wins (against Doxa Katokopias F.C. for the game's only and at Nea Salamis Famagusta FC, a 3–1 win, both in the 2009–10 campaign).
In 2013, Vargas retired from professional football after an 11 year career.

</doc>
<doc id="18747959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747959" title="William Murray House">
William Murray House

The William Murray House is a historic First Period house at 39 Essex Street on the east side of Salem, Massachusetts. It is a two story wood frame house that consists of two distinct sections that have not always been treated as a single unit. Its construction history provides a window into 17th and 18th century building methods. The easternmost section was built c. 1688, and is three window bays wide and a single room in depth. The western section, also three bays wide and one room deep, was added in the late 17th or early 18th century. The eastern portion originally had an overhanging section of the second floor; this was altered in the early 18th century, when the roof was raised to a flatter pitch and the overhanging section was concealed by construction of a flush wall.
The two parts of the house were under separate ownership from 1759 until the mid 19th century. As a result, each section has its own staircase, one of them fashined with Second Period (mid 18th century) turned woodwork. The house was underwent restoration in 1780 by a skilled local woodworker, who documented many of its First Period features, and retained portions of original decorations.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18747962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747962" title="List of Dublin Gates">
List of Dublin Gates

The walls and fortifications around Dublin were raised by the Ostmen in the 9th Century and the majority of the cities in Ireland remained subject to incursions by native clans until the seventeenth century. The defences of Dublin would eventually fall into disrepair but continued to serve a purpose as late as 1762 when the auction of the rights to collect tolls at each of the then seven city gates raised £4,000 for the city. 
Below are the historic Gates of Dublin along the city's ancient boundaries:

</doc>
<doc id="18747964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747964" title="Munroe Street Historic District">
Munroe Street Historic District

The Munroe Street Historic District encompasses some of the few commercial buildings to survive in downtown Lynn, Massachusetts from the mid 19th century. The district, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996, includes properties on Munroe Street between Market and Washington Streets. This area was spared by the 1889 fire that destroyed much of Lynn's downtown area, and includes buildings that may date as far back as the 1850s. Most of the buildings on Munroe Street built following a fire in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="18747980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18747980" title="Mowers' Block">
Mowers' Block

The Mowers' Block is a historic commercial block at 7 Willow St. and 67-83 Blake Street in downtown Lynn, Massachusetts. It was built in 1891 for the Mower & Brother shoemaking firm. The brick and granite building was built on the site of the Mower's old factory, in which the Great Lynn Fire of 1889 started, destroying not just their factory but a large swath of downtown Lynn as well. When completed, it was the largest building in the burned area.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, and was included in the Central Square Historic District in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18748013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748013" title="Timothy Morse House">
Timothy Morse House

The Timothy Morse House is a historic First Period house at 628 Main Street in West Newbury, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built in stages beginning c. 1730. Even though Georgian styling and construction techniques were already taking hold at that time, this house was built in a typical First Period style. The first portion built was to the right of the (now central) chimney, and was followed at a later date by construction of the left side. In the 20th century one addition was added to the rear of the house, and a relatively modern sunporch addition was added to the right side. The west side front room features a Federal period fireplace.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748020" title="Varmazyar">
Varmazyar

Varmazyar or Varmaziar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748022" title="Waynecastle, Pennsylvania">
Waynecastle, Pennsylvania

Waynecastle is a very small village between Waynesboro and Greencastle in Pennsylvania. It is home to a historic grain elevator that was used for the Western Maryland Railroad. The area also has a small railroad trestle that runs over route 16. The railroad tracks are still used by CSX. Trains go by several times a day. The Grain elevator building is home to the Waynesboro Model Railroad Club inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18748024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748024" title="Moses Morse House">
Moses Morse House

The Moses Morse House is a historic house at 311 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts. It is a rare surviving farmhouse in the town with 18th century origins, with its oldest elements dating to c. 1762. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house with a massive central chimney, and a small single story ell on the left side. The ell appears to date from near the house's original construction, and the chimney is slightly off-center, indicating the house may have been built in stages. The front door is sheltered by an elaborate Italianate portico that is a c. 1870s modification.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748045" title="Moore-Hill House">
Moore-Hill House

The Moore-Hill House is a historic house at 82 Franklin Street in Peabody, Massachusetts. It is an excellent example of a Gothic Victorian house, built in 1878 for W. H. Hill. The 1.5 story wood frame building has a cross gable roof line, with the main roof line running crosswise. The front cornice, including the central front gable section, is decorated with paired brackets (a typical Italianate decoration), and the front windows have decorative surrounds. The front door is centrally located and sheltered by an ornate entablature, above which is a round-arched window.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18748055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748055" title="Hajjilar">
Hajjilar

Hajjilar or Haji Lar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748058" title="Glover's Falls">
Glover's Falls

Glover's Falls is an 8 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Nearby attractions include Bruce Trail, East Glover’s Falls, Mount Albion Conservation Area, Felker's Falls, Felker's Falls Conservation Area, King's Forest Golf Course, Mohawk Sports Park, Glendale Golf Course, Dofasco 2000 Trail, Battlefield House Museum, Devil's Punch Bowl, Devil's Punch Bowl Conservation Area.
Directions.
From QEW take the Centennial Parkway exit and follow this road up the Escarpment. Turn right onto "Mud Street West" and then turn right again onto "First Road West". Proceed to the end of First Road West and park at the intersection of First Road West and "Glover Mountain Road". Follow the tributary south of Glover Mountain Road terminus to the waterfall.

</doc>
<doc id="18748064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748064" title="Bessie Monroe House">
Bessie Monroe House

The Bessie Monroe House is a historic house at 7 Ash Street in Salem, Massachusetts. It is notable as a good example of a Federal style house, and for its survival from planned demolition during Salem's urban renewal of the area in the 1970s. The house, a modest two story brick house located just north of Salem's downtown, was built in 1811 for Thomas Perkins, a local merchant whose brother was its first occupant. When the city began urban renewal planning for the area in the 1960s, the building was occupied by an elderly lady named Bessie Monroe. Out of concerns for her health the city allowed her to remain in the property after its taking, and proceeded with plans that included the demolition of many surrounding properties. However, the delay occasioned by her occupation until her death in 1975 was accompanied by a shift in attitude in the city toward restoring such properties, and it was eventually sold to owners prepared to rehabilitate the property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18748077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748077" title="Methuen Water Works">
Methuen Water Works

The Methuen Water Works is a historic water works building on Cross Street in Methuen, Massachusetts. The town established a water board in 1893, which managed the construction of a reservoir on Foster's Hill, and the construction of this building, a single story brick and stone Romanesque Revival structure designed by Boston architect E. F. Boyden. Its main body has a hipped slate roof, there is a tower with a four sided steep shingled roof, and there is a circular side section with a conical roof.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748079" title="Elisabeth Dored">
Elisabeth Dored

Elisabeth Braadland Dored (1908 - 1972) was a Norwegian author.
She won the "Bokhandlerprisen" award {Norwegian Booksellers' Prize} in 1964 for her novel "Jeg elsket Tiberius" translated into English by Naomi Walford as "I Loved Tiberius".

</doc>
<doc id="18748096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748096" title="Merrifield House">
Merrifield House

The Merrifield House, also known as Rosebank, is a historic house at 7 Woods Lane in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It was built c. 1792 by Francis Merrifield, Jr., a veteran of the American Revolutionary War. The main block of the house is a 2.5 story, nearly square, wood frame structure with an off-center chimney. The house has a number of rambling additions, some of which may have been built by Merrifield to accommodate his large family. It is also somewhat unusual in having a second cooking fireplace in its second level.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18748122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748122" title="Delancey Street Foundation">
Delancey Street Foundation

The Delancey Street Foundation, often simply referred to as Delancey Street, is a nonprofit organization based in San Francisco that provides residential rehabilitation services and vocational training for substance abusers and convicted criminals. It reintegrates its residents into mainstream society by operating various businesses - such as restaurants, catering and moving companies - all of which are wholly managed and run by the residents themselves. The foundation's methods have been widely praised and have been emulated internationally.
History.
John Maher was the principal founder of Delancey Street in 1971. Maher (1940-1988) was a self-proclaimed "bum" and drug addict and former member of Synanon who was the subject of two books, a television movie and a segment of "60 Minutes." Silbert, a Boston-bred criminologist from UC Berkeley, began grant writing for the foundation in 1972.
Within a year of its founding, the Delancey Street community had grown to 100 members. By 2002, there were 500 residents in San Francisco, living in a self-contained group of 177 apartments. The complex was built between 1989 and 1990 by Delancey Street residents.
In 1993, the foundation bought the defunct Midtown Hilton hotel on Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, and reopened it as Delancey Street Los Angeles.
Programs.
As of the early 1990s, the average Delancey Street resident has had 12 years of drug addiction, has been in prison four times, is functionally illiterate, unskilled and has never worked for more than six months. "People who have become involved with gangs, drugs, violence, crime . . . those are our favorite residents," Silbert said in 1993. In 2000, the BBC reported that “All of the staff are ex-offenders who, on average, have each been in prison four times and used drugs for more than ten years.”
In spring 2000, through San Francisco State University, a cohort of Delancey Street students embarked on an innovative program, with several earning a BA in Urban Studies in 2004. Classes were taught on-site by university professors and community leaders.
There is a complete ban on alcohol, drugs and threatening behaviour by residents.
As of 2003, about half of the $15 million annual operating costs of the organization came from a variety of businesses it owned and operated. As of that year, more than 10,000 ex-cons and the homeless had been provided with housing, food, and a job at one of the many businesses the foundation operated.

</doc>
<doc id="18748125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748125" title="Memorial Hall Library">
Memorial Hall Library

Memorial Hall Library is the public library of Andover, Massachusetts. The building was built with Italianate styling in 1873 to a design by J. F. Eaton. Funding was provided by a number of leading local businessmen, and construction was by the firm of Abbott & Jenkins. It was designed to house the town library, which it still does, and to act as a memorial to the town's Civil War soldiers. It was renovated in the 1920s under the direction of Sheply, Bulfinch, Richardson, and Abbot, at which time it acquired its Colonial Revival details.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748140" title="Meetinghouse Green Historic District">
Meetinghouse Green Historic District

Meetinghouse Green Historic District encompasses the historic 17th century heart of Ipswich, Massachusetts. The district runs along North Main Street, south from its junction with High Street to the southern end of the Meetinghouse Green. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Meetinghouse Green was laid out in 1634, not long after Ipswich was established, and was for many years the heart of its civic life. In addition to private residences, it was flanked by public facilities, including a meeting house, jail fort, and animal pound, as well as the stocks. Although it has since become predominantly residential, it is still the site of churches and the public library.
Most of the thirty properties in the district are residential, with their construction divided between the 18th and 19th centuries. The 18th century houses are mainly Georgian in character, although there are a few houses that have some evidence of First Period origins, despite exterior decorations from a later period. The 19th century buildings are mostly Greek Revival or Italianate in character; there is one Queen Anne house (47 North Main), and one with Second Empire styling (21 North Main).

</doc>
<doc id="18748155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748155" title="Paper Rival">
Paper Rival

Paper Rival was an indie rock band formed in late 2005 from Nashville, Tennessee. Originally known as Keating, the band changed its name to Paper Rival in 2007 after a tour of Canada where the band was mistaken for a Canadian band who already possessed the name. In December 2007, Paper Rival was named Spin.com's "Artist of the Day". The band released its debut full-length album, "Dialog" on May 20, 2008. The group cited artists Blind Lemon Jefferson, Merle Haggard and Bruce Cockburn (whose song "Pacing the Cage" was covered on their 2007 self-titled EP) as musical inspirations.
Music.
The band's songs are originally written acoustically with overdubs and extras added in afterwards. 
As the band developed and evolved, the music took on an alternative, indie rock sound with hints of old country and blues intertwined. 
Paper Rival appeared on Q101, Chicago's alternative rock radio station, in December 2007 to promote "Dialog". The band performed acoustic versions of songs from the album.
The band also took part in South By Southwest (SXSW) 2006, 2007, and 2008 in Austin, Texas.
In a November 20, 2008 blog post on the band's MySpace page, the band announced that singer Jake Rolleston be returning to school to pursue further studies, thus signaling the band's breakup.

</doc>
<doc id="18748156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748156" title="Meetinghouse Common District">
Meetinghouse Common District

Meetinghouse Common District is a historic district on Summer, South Common, and Main Streets in Lynnfield, Massachusetts surrounding the town common.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18748166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748166" title="Mechanics Block Historic District">
Mechanics Block Historic District

The Mechanics Block Historic District is a historic district at 107-139 Garden St. and 6-38 Orchard Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and expanded in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18748169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748169" title="Insurgency of the Communist Party of the Philippines">
Insurgency of the Communist Party of the Philippines

The Insurgency of the Communist Party of the Philippines refers to conflict between the government of the Philippines and the Communist Party of the Philippines and their New People's Army (NPA).
The risk from the Communist insurgency has declined in recent years from its peak in the 1980s. The NPA has never received much if any support from outside the Philippines and has always relied solely on support from the local population. In 2010, a government crackdown further weakened the rebels significantly.
The Uppsala Conflict Data Program, a university-based data collection program considered to be "one of the most accurate and well-used data-sources on global armed conflicts," reported that between 6,970-9,366 people were killed in fighting between the Government of the Philippines and the CPP (Communist Party of the Philippines) between 1989 and 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18748173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748173" title="Richard B. Fitzgerald">
Richard B. Fitzgerald

Richard Burton Fitzgerald (circa 1843 – March 24, 1918) was an African-American brickmaker whose bricks went into the construction of many of Durham, North Carolina’s important buildings. He was also president of the Mechanics and Farmers Bank in Durham, and was involved in other business ventures throughout North Carolina.
Biography.
Fitzgerald was born in New Castle County, Delaware, to Thomas and Sarah (Burton) Fitzgerald. His father was a manumitted “mulatto” (of Irish and African ancestry) slave and his mother was white; his mother decided to raise her sons proudly within the black community, instead of "passing" as white. Growing up, Richard was described as a "sturdy, rough and tumble fellow... who could work hard but cared more for good times" than he did for studying. And as "Fiery, red-faced blond Richie had the same sharp blue eyes and shrewd trader's head as his mother. He was quick to drive a hard bargain and even quicker with his fists. His hot temper led him into many skirmishes and even as an old man he used to laugh and say, 'By golly, if I was dying and somebody made me mad, I’d stop dying long enough to fight about it.'" At night, his more studious brother Robert would teach Richard and his siblings what Robert had learned in school that day, as both Richard and their brother William ("Billy") worked in their father’s brickyard rather than attend the local Quaker school.
In 1855, the Fitzgerald family moved to a farm near Hinsonville in Chester County, Pennsylvania.
At the beginning of the American Civil War, Fitzgerald joined the Quartermaster Department as a civilian contractor in Philadelphia, as blacks were not allowed to serve in the military at the time. In 1862, he was transferred to the Army of the Potomac's Washington supply base, where he drove mules for the Union army, spending most of 1862 at Harrison's Landing and the Fort Monroe area; he "went to sea" later in the war, likely as a merchant seaman.
In late 1869, he and his brother Billy moved to a farm east of Hillsborough, North Carolina, to be with his brother, sisters, and parents, who had moved there recently from Pennsylvania and purchased property. They soon set up a brickyard at the farm, with the assistance of their father, Thomas, and their brother Robert. However, a financial crisis was gripping the country at the time, and locally a bad drought was occurring. The Fitzgerald brick business had by this time produced 40,000 bricks, but had no buyers; They made several trips to Raleigh to attempt to sell their bricks, but to no avail; Billy returned to Pennsylvania within a few months of his arrival in North Carolina.
Richard soon became disheartened by the local business prospects, and also returned to Pennsylvania. His brother Robert, however, had secured an order for 4,000 bricks for state railroad improvements. Robert also had been able to obtain a contract to make 4,000,000 bricks for the state penitentiary in Raleigh, and wrote Richard and Billy about the contracts, persuading them to return from Pennsylvania.
They began the contracts in the spring of 1870, and the Fitzgeralds hired a crew of men to assist with production. They soon traveled to Raleigh and began setting up the brick production site. However, a flash flood destroyed several thousand bricks they had produced, and Billy once again became discouraged and departed for Pennsylvania. Richard and Robert were able to salvage some of the bricks, and were able to produce 525,000 brick for which they were paid eighty-five cents per thousand. After paying off their business debts and their laborers, they came away with a net profit of $83.10 for the four months’ work.
On April 4, 1870, Richard married Sarah ("Sallie") Ann Williams at Sarah's parents' house; In 1879, the Fitzgerald brothers (Richard and Robert) moved to Durham, due to potentially favorable financial prospects within the developing tobacco economy. "In Durham Richard Fitzgerald bought a large tract with a good vein of clay for brick in the vicinity of later Gattis and Wilkerson streets... here he began a brickyard and built an eighteen-room house shaded by a grove of maples and magnolias".
According to his grandniece Pauli Murray, "Within the next fifteen years Uncle Richard became Durham's leading brick maker. By 1884, he had a large brickyard on Chapel Hill Road and orders on hand for two million bricks". His brick company was located at the corner of Fitzgerald Street and Chapel Hill Road, and later Wilkerson and Gattis streets (which may be the same location, but the street names changed).
Tobacco manufacturer William T. Blackwell told Fitzgerald that he would purchase all the brick Fitzgerald made, and "today (1910) he not only turns out 30,000 brick a day from his $17,000 plant, but owns besides of land within the city limits and has $50,000 worth of real estate." W.T. Bost, the city editor of the Durham Herald, said that Fitzgerald "makes better brick than any other man in town; therefore the people buy Fitzgerald's brick".
Thirty years of brickmaking (i.e. prior to 1913) had "netted Fitzgerald a big brickyard with a $6000 cement dryer, which makes it possible to turn out brick at all seasons; a yard whose capacity is 30,000 bricks per day, and whose value, including ten acres of land, is $17,000." His holdings in 1913 were valued conservatively at $100,000. "Turning his profits into real estate, he has... invested $1500 in a lot and five years later sold the property for $6000; he bought forty acres of farm land for $800, made brick on it for ten years and then sold it for $3000".
Besides brickmaking, Fitzgerald was involved in many other business ventures. In 1885, he purchased newspaper printing equipment to start a newspaper for the African-American community in Durham; it is unknown if any papers were published, as no known examples survive. In 1895, Fitzgerald and four others started the Durham Drug Company, which was renamed the Fitzgerald Drug Company in 1901, and operated until 1910, when its name changed again. Also in 1901, Fitzgerald became the treasurer for Lincoln Hospital. In 1898, Fitzgerald became the president of the Coleman Manufacturing Company in Concord, North Carolina, and was president of the Durham Real Estate, Mercantile, and Manufacturing Company, which was incorporated in 1899, and which was "formed under the laws of the State of North Carolina to promote manufacturing and mercantile interests" for African-Americans.
Fitzgerald was also an original incorporator of the Mechanics and Farmers Bank, which received its charter from the State of North Carolina in 1907 and opened its office in the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company Building on Parrish Street (a.k.a. the “Black Wall Street") in 1908.
Fitzgerald and his wife apparently had at least 12 children; sons Samuel (born 1883), William (1892–1927), Burton ("Burke"; 1887–1916), Charles (born 1876), and Richard (1882–1886). Daughters Sarah (born 1874), Alma (born 1893), Beatrice (born 1880), Irene (born 1896), Lilly (born ca. 1873), Leer (born ca. 1878), and Susan (born ca. 1880). Sons Burke and Samuel followed in their father's footsteps as brickmakers; Samuel continued the family brickmaking business after his father’s death.
Richard Fitzgerald died on March 24, 1918, and is buried in the Fitzgerald section of the Maplewood Cemetery in Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="18748184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748184" title="Market Square Historic District (Newburyport, Massachusetts)">
Market Square Historic District (Newburyport, Massachusetts)

The Market Square Historic District of Newburyport, Massachusetts encompasses an area of the city near the Merrimack River that was completely rebuilt after a major fire in 1811. Over the next twenty years the area was rebuilt under a building code requiring either brick construction or size limits on wood frame buildings. As a consequence the Market Square area has a remarkable concentration of Federal style brick buildings. Among the most notable are the Custom House, now a museum, and the 1823 Market House, which forms the district's eastern boundary. The district includes Market Square and properties fronting on State, Merrimac, Liberty, and Water Streets. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18748195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748195" title="Samuel March House">
Samuel March House

The Samuel March House is a historic First Period house at 444 Main Street in West Newbury, Massachusetts. The two story wood frame house was built in two sections, beginning in the later years of the 17th century. The first portion built was the right three bays of the house, which at that time included a chimney located on the left side. The second portion, also built during the First Period, added the two bays to the left. At some point during the Georgian period, the large central chimney was removed and replaced with two narrow brick chimney, a reflection of changing taste. The front facade is five bays wide, with a slightly larger central bay. The front door is framed by a Georgian surround with pilasters and an entablature.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748204" title="Marblehead Historic District">
Marblehead Historic District

Marblehead Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Marblehead Harbor, Waldron Court, Essex, Elm, Pond, and Norman Streets in Marblehead, Massachusetts. Among its notable features are Fort Sewall, a coastal fortification with origins dating to 1644, and two National Historic Landmarks, the General John Glover House, and the Jeremiah Lee House.
The district features Georgian, Federal and other styles of architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748209" title="Pieter-Jan Postma">
Pieter-Jan Postma

Personal life.
Postma spent the first seventeen years of his life in Terkaple, a tiny village in Friesland. He has a sister who is four years older and a sister who is two years younger. As a child, he spent a lot of time playing football, tennis, speed skating and sailing. Postma started a study for Naval Officer on Terschelling. Between September 2002 and February 2003 he spent six months at sea due to an internship. At the beginning of 2006 he finished his studies and was then able to focus completely on his sailing career.
Sailing career.
At the age of fifteen Postma took part in his first European Championship Optimist and took part in the World Championship in Dublin. Postma switched to the Laser Radial. A year later he made the change to the Laser. In December 2000 he participated in the World Junior Laser Championship in Sydney and reached 10th position. After his return of his internship at sea Postma started preparing for the 2004 Olympics in Athens. However Postma missed the Olympic qualification. 
In March 2005 Postma switched to the Finn class. At the World Championship 2005 he reached 12th position. Then at the World Championship 2007 he won the silver medal as he did at the Pre-Olympic races. In 2008 Postma placed fourth at the World Championship and also reached the fourth position in Hyères and Medemblik. This all resulted in qualification for the 2008 Olympics in Qingdao.

</doc>
<doc id="18748223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748223" title="Manning House (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Manning House (Andover, Massachusetts)

The Manning House is a historic house at 37 Porter Road in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built c. 1760 for Hezekiah Ballard, a local farmer. Ballard sold the property to Thomas Manning, a cordwainer, in 1771, and it has been in the Manning family ever since. The main block of the house is a 2.5 story colonial structure with a gambrel roof, which is rare in Andover for the period. Its main entrance is into a projected central vestibule, and there are a series of additions added to the back of the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748225" title="FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin">
FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin

FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin was a Romanian professional football club from Drobeta-Turnu Severin, Mehedinţi County, Romania, founded in 1958 and dissolved in 2011.
History.
"FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin" was never able to reach the Liga I, playing all of its history in the Liga II and the Liga III.
In "1958", Drobeta Turnu Severin was founded, after it took the place of CFR Turnu Severin in the Divizia C. In 1959 the club changes its name to Metalul Turnu Severin.
In "1976", after "Metalul" relegated from the Divizia C to the Divizia D, at the end of the 1974-75 season, it merged with "Meva" and formed a new club named CSM Drobeta-Turnu Severin. In 1985 it changes its name to AS Drobeta-Turnu Severin and in 1990 to FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin.
It managed to finnish above the relegation line the 2000–01 Divizia B, but because of lack of founds it was enroled in the 2001–02 Divizia C. It had a hard time surviving even in the Divizia C and in the winter break of the season the club withdrew from the championship.
In "2007" the club "Severnav Drobeta-Turnu Severin" promoted to the Liga II and changed its name to FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin, thus reviving the traditional club from Drobeta-Turnu Severin.
In February "2010" FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin withdrew from the championship because its investors retreated from financing the club any longer. It lost all its remaining matches with 3-0. This was the club's second dissolution after the one in 2002.
In August 2010 it was announced that "FC Drobeta-Turnu Severin" was refounded once again and was enroled in the 2010–11 Liga III.
The club finished 2nd the first half of the 2010–11 season, being in the run with CSM Slatina for the 1st spot that assures a place for the 2011–12 Liga II.
In April 2011 the club was dissolved for the third time in its history. It lost all its remaining matches with 3-0. This was the club's third dissolution since it was founded in 1958.
The football tradition in Drobeta-Turnu Severin will be continued from now on by CS Turnu Severin.
Honours.
Liga II:
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="18748226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748226" title="Summit Partners">
Summit Partners

Summit Partners is a growth equity investment firm that invests in exceptional companies. The firm provides growth equity, venture capital and credit investments for growth, recapitalizations and management buyouts.
Founded in 1984, Summit is based in Boston, Massachusetts and has offices in Menlo Park, California; and London, England. The firm employs more than 85 investment professionals and more than 160 employees overall.
Since inception, Summit Partners has raised nearly $15 billion in capital through 17 equity and fixed income funds. In 2012, the firm raised a $2.7 billion growth equity fund, a $550 million venture capital fund and a $520 million credit fund. The firm has been ranked among the 50 largest private equity firms globally.
Investments.
Summit Partners has invested in more than 385 companies globally. Summit's portfolio includes a broad range of companies headquartered in North America and Europe. The firm focuses on investments in the technology, healthcare and life sciences, and growth products and services sectors.
Some of Summit's most notable investments include:
History.
Summit Partners was founded in 1984 by Stephen Woodsum and E. Roe Stamps, who had worked together at TA Associates and before that at First Chicago Investment Corporation (the predecessor of Madison Dearborn Partners). Woodsum and Stamps were joined shortly thereafter by Greg Avis, who would open the firm's California office in 1993. In 2001, Summit Partners completed its management succession led by Bruce Evans, Walter Kortschak, Marty Mannion, Tom Roberts, and Joe Trustey.
Funds.
Since its founding in 1984, Summit Partners has raised 17 equity and fixed income funds:

</doc>
<doc id="18748228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748228" title="Samuel Levine">
Samuel Levine

Samuel Levine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748238" title="Porthidium volcanicum">
Porthidium volcanicum

Porthidium volcanicum is a venomous pitviper species found in Costa Rica. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults are moderately stout with females growing to 31-53.6 cm (12¼-21⅛ inches) in total length. The only male ever collected was 25.9 cm (10⅛ inches) long.
Geographic range.
Known only from the type locality, which is given as "Ujarrás de Buenos Aires (Valle del General, suoeste de la provincia de Puntarenas, Costa Rica)" (Volcán de Buenos Aires and Valle del General in Puntarenas Province, Costa Rica.
Habitat.
Occurs in tropical moist forest. The region receives 3,500 mm (138 inches) of rainfall annually and has a dry season January-April.

</doc>
<doc id="18748242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748242" title="Manchester Village Historic District (Manchester, Massachusetts)">
Manchester Village Historic District (Manchester, Massachusetts)

Manchester Village Historic District is a historic district roughly on Friend, School, North, Washington, Sea, Union, Central, Bennett, Bridge Streets, and Ashland Avenue in Manchester, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748246" title="Thought So">
Thought So

thought so... is an album by Nightmares on Wax, released on August 26, 2008 (see 2008 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="18748259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748259" title="HD 187734">
HD 187734

HD 187734 is star in double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18748260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748260" title="Lynn Common Historic District">
Lynn Common Historic District

The Lynn Common Historic District encompasses the town common of Lynn, Massachusetts and the surrounding buildings which face it. Although its establishment dates to the late 17th century, the area's time of development is predominantly in the 19th century, when the common was transformed into a park. The common is an elongated grassy area, flanked by North and South Common Streets, with a number of small cross streets breaking it into several pieces. City Hall Square marks its eastern boundary, and Market Square its western.
Many of the buildings facing the common are residential and relatively unaltered since their construction in the 19th century. Stylistically they are in a variety of forms from Federalist to Colonial Revival, with Queen Anne houses outnumbering other styles. There are four Colonial Revival apartment houses (built between 1900 and 1920) along North Common Street.
A number of Lynn's significant civic and religious buildings lie within the district. The main library building is separately listed on the National Register, as are the armory, and St. Stephen's Memorial Episcopal Church. The Lynn Memorial City Hall and Auditorium building lies just off the common to the east.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18748275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748275" title="Main Street-Locke Street Historic District">
Main Street-Locke Street Historic District

The Main Street-Locke Street Historic is a residential historic district in Andover, Massachusetts. It is located along Main Street north of Academy Hill, between Morton Street and Punchard Avenue. It also includes several houses on Locke Street, Punchard, and Chapman Avenue.
The oldest buildings in the district date to 1819, at a period when the area only saw modest growth due to the nearby academic institutions. The conversion of one of these houses into Locke's Tavern in 1825 brought some additional growth along Main Street, resulting in the construction of several Greek Revival houses. The most significant growth in the area came in the second half of the 19th century, when a number of Queen Anne, Shingle style, and Colonial Revival houses were built. Most of these buildings were large, and are now either multifamily residences of housing for the schools. Two of the buildings on Locke Street were built for fraternal organizations, one of which, the November Club at 6 Locke Street, is believed to be the oldest women's club building in New England.
Despite the variety of architectural styles represented, the district has some uniformity in the proportion and setback of the houses, especially on Main Street. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748284" title="Main Street Historic District (Haverhill, Massachusetts)">
Main Street Historic District (Haverhill, Massachusetts)

The Main Street Historic District in Haverhill, Massachusetts encompasses the civic heart of the city. The district, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003, includes the blocks of Main Street between White Street and Arlington Street on the north, and Cresecent Place and Summer Street to the south. Its principal components include City Hall, a 1909 Renaissance Revival building at the southern end of the district, the town common (also known as the G.A.R. Park), and two Romanesque Revival churches, the First Congregational and the First Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="18748304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748304" title="Machine Shop Village District">
Machine Shop Village District

The Machine Shop Village District is a historic district roughly bounded by Main, Pleasant, Clarendon, Water, 2nd Streets, and B&M Railroad in North Andover, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Federal architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748306" title="Samuel A. Levine">
Samuel A. Levine

Samuel Albert Levine (1891-1966) was an influential American cardiologist.
The Levine scale, Levine's sign and Lown–Ganong–Levine syndrome are named after him.
The Samuel A. Levine Cardiac Unit at Brigham and Women's Hospital is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18748307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748307" title="Zoe of Rome">
Zoe of Rome

Saint Zoe of Rome (d. ca. 286) was a noblewoman, married to Nicostratus, a high Roman court official.
For six years she had been unable to speak. St Sebastian made the Sign of the Cross over the woman, and she immediately began to speak and she glorified the Lord. Nicostratus and his wife asked for Baptism. She lived during Emperor Diocletian's early persecution of the Christian Church.
She was greatly devoted to St Peter, and was praying by his tomb when she was arrested for her faith. She died, stifled by smoke, being hung over a fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18748317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748317" title="My Mind's Eye (album)">
My Mind's Eye (album)

My Mind’s Eye was released in 1993 on RPM Records and on Caroline Records in the US. It was rereleased by Thunderbird Records in 2001, and reissued with additional tracks by Renascent Records in February 2007.
This was the last album The Comsat Angels produced with their original lineup. Around the time "My Mind’s Eye" was released, bass player Kevin Bacon left the band to devote more time to his career as a music producer. He would be replaced by Terry Todd for the band's last album and tour in 1994-95.
When Comsats frontman Steve Fellows was asked which of the band's albums was his favorite, he named "My Mind’s Eye". In a 1997 interview, Fellows said, ""My Mind’s Eye" for me is the sort of apex of the group and although it didn't do that well and there wasn't a great deal of press surrounding it, the reviews we got for that were among the best we ever had."
Track listing (1993/2001).
"All tracks written by Fellows/Glaisher/Bacon/Peake, except Driving, Beautiful Monster, My Mind’s Eye and Route 666 which were written by Fellows/Glaisher/Peake."
Track listing (2007).
"All tracks written by Fellows/Glaisher/Bacon/Peake, except Driving, Beautiful Monster, My Mind’s Eye and Route 666 which were written by Fellows/Glaisher/Peake."

</doc>
<doc id="18748321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748321" title="Lynn Armory">
Lynn Armory

The Lynn Armory is a historic armory building at 36 S. Common Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. It is one of the best examples of Romanesque Revival architecture in the city. It was built in 1893 out of red sandstone to a design by Wheeler & Northend. It features a head house measuring wide and deep, behind which is a drill shed that is long. The principal features of the facade are designed to evoke a fortified castle: circular towers flank the entrance, and the towers and the front facade are topped by a crenellated parapet.
The armory was individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and included in the Lynn Common Historic District in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18748329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748329" title="The Rebels (novel)">
The Rebels (novel)

The Rebels is a historical novel written by John Jakes, originally published in 1975, the second in a series known as The Kent Family Chronicles or the American Bicentennial Series. The novel mixes fictional characters with historical events and figures, to narrate the story of the nascent United States of America during the time of the American Revolution. While the novel continues the story of Philip Kent, started in "The Bastard", a large portion focuses on Judson Fletcher, a newly introduced character, as a different rebel. In 1979, the novel was made into a television film by Operation Prime Time, "The Rebels".
Plot summary.
The story begins on June 17, 1775, at the Battle of Bunker Hill, in which Philip Kent participates. One major event, the marriage of Philip and Anne Ware, took place in the interim. In September of that year Anne gave birth to her first child, whom they named Abraham after her father. Philip then participated in Henry Knox’ mission to transport cannons from Fort Ticonderoga.
Meanwhile, Judson Fletcher, a drunkard and a womanizer still pursued Peggy Ashford McLean, the wife of his friend Seth McLean, whom he had courted before her marriage. Judson lived with his father on Sermon Hill, a large tobacco plantation on the Rappahannock River in northern Virginia. 
During a great rebellion of slaves Peggy was raped, Seth killed; his father opposed to Judson's defense of black slaves (and his accusation of white violence that caused it) and his way of life, and put his son out of house. 
Judson’s brother, Donald, was a Virginia delegate to the Second Continental Congress, but he suffered from gout and was unable to fulfill his duty, so designated Judson to act in his stead. While attending Congress in Philadelphia Judson began an affair with Alicia Parkhurst, who now called herself Alice, a former lover of Philip Kent’s. When Tobias Trumball, Alicia’s uncle, found her, he tried to take her home, which Judson prevented, after which Trumball challenged Judson to a duel and scheduled it for July 3, 1776. The day before the duel, during a debate on the Lee Resolution, Judson was dismissed from the Virginia delegation for drunkenness and therefore missed his chance to vote on the resolution. The next day, he killed Trumball in the duel and shortly afterwards, Alicia committed suicide by drowning.
While Philip was camped with George Washington’s army in August 1777, he was reunited with his old friend from France, Gil, the Marquis de Lafayette. They participated in the devastating Battle of Brandywine, which left Philadelphia, then the American capital, to be captured by the British. 
After his expulsion from the Virginia delegation, Judson returned home, but could not move back to Sermon Hill with his father; instead, he lived with Lottie Shaw at a place once owned by her late husband. One day, in a drunken rage, he expelled her from her own property. Soon after, he visited Peggy McLean, by then a widow, and raped her; unbeknownst to him, this encounter would produce a daughter, Elizabeth. Later, when his brother told him that George Rogers Clark had returned to Virginia, Judson rode to meet him. Clark had been a childhood friend and was now recruiting men for a military expedition to the Northwest Territory. Judson enlisted with him, but when he returned home he was met by a disgruntled Lottie, who shot him and left him for dead.
Though Judson, because of his wounds, missed his rendezvous, once he recovered he set off for Pittsburgh in hopes of meeting Clark. When he was reunited with Clark, Clark refused to include him in his detachment, due again to drunkenness. On returning to his boat, Clark caught a spy in the act of stealing his orders. After a scuffle the spy shot at Clark, but Judson absorbed the ball and was killed.
Meanwhile, Anne Kent had taken the money she had inherited from her father, who had recently died, and invested it with privateers who were aiding the Americans on the high seas. During the time that Philip was away with the army, one of the privateers with whom Anne had invested her money, Malachi Rackham, made overtures towards her, which she rejected. In 1778, he abducted her and took her aboard his ship. After he repeatedly beat and raped her, she fought for her freedom, but in the ensuing struggle both Anne and Rackham were thrown overboard.
Philip participated in the Battle of Monmouth and was wounded in the leg, after which he was mustered out of the army. He was informed of Anne’s disappearance in a letter from a member of the privateer in which Anne had invested. As the privateer had captured a British vessel, the investment provided Philip with the money he utilised to begin a publishing firm, Kent and Son. Almost a year later, Gil introduced Philip to Peggy McLean, who would become his second wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18748333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748333" title="Lynn Realty Company Building No. 2">
Lynn Realty Company Building No. 2

The Lynn Realty Company Building No. 2 is a historic commercial building at 672-680 Washington Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. A long rectangular eight story brick building, it was built in 1902 to a design by local architect Henry W. Rogers. Although it formally fronts on Washington Street, it extends on its long axis for most of a city block along Farrar Street. The building is three window bays wide and seventeen long.
The Lynn Realty Company was a company formed to redevelop Lynn after a disastrous fire in 1889 destroyed much of the downtown, along with major shoe factories. The Company had this building built in 1902, when the shoe business began to show signs of recovery. The building provided space for all manner of businesses related to the manufacture of shoes, providing power and a fire-safe environment. Although the building was fitted for steam power, it was designed with an electrical system (then a novelty) as a backup. However, the low cost of the electrical power meant that the steam system was apparently never used.
The building has been converted to residential use. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18748334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748334" title="Camp High Point">
Camp High Point

Camp High Point was an eight-week-long summer camp on Route 28A in West Shokan (Ulster County), New York. Located at the foot of Mt. High Point, on the shores of the Ashokan Reservoir, Camp High Point was a coeducational camp. It consisted of two separate campuses and a central area for administration, dining, medical, and social facilities. It also featured a large (325 ft. x 110 ft.) natural mountain-fed swimming pool. The camp colors were green and white. 
History.
Camp High Point was established in 1923 by the Levy and Greenberg families. The Sonnenreichs, who began their association with the camp in 1931, owned and operated it from 1945 until 1970, its final season. The camp was both traditional and progressive. Traditional, because (for its time) it encompassed just about every sport and activity to which a camper should be exposed. Progressive, because it was the Sonnenreichs' philosophy to provide a vacation place in which children had the opportunity to express themselves in just about any way that motivated them.
The Sonnenreichs also fostered cultural diversity at camp by hiring counselors from England, Scotland, and Germany, and by participating in the Experiment in International Living program during the 1969 camp season.
One of the most recognizable High Point campers was Peter Falk, who made his first stage appearance at camp, at the age of 12. He recalled his experiences at camp in a "TV Guide" article, published in 1972.
Camp today.
Unused for more than 30 years, the camp is now in varying stages of decay. As of March 2013, most of the bunks and other sites on girls' campus either were in ruins or completely gone. The entire area sat in knee-high grasses, weeds, and other overgrowth. What was once a large, open space was a forest of pine trees. Boys' campus fared somewhat better, since it was maintained for several years for group rentals. The central-area buildings, including the dining hall, infirmary, and social hall, were still standing.
Rather than sell it for development, the current owners have chosen to let the property return to its natural state.

</doc>
<doc id="18748346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748346" title="Lynn Public Library">
Lynn Public Library

The Lynn Public Library building is a historic library at 5 N. Common Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. Although library services were offered in Lynn as early 1815, it was not until a bequest in 1896 that the city began planning a permanent home for the growing collection. After some controversy, library trustees chose a Renaissance Revival design by local architect George A. Moore, who happened to be related to one of the library trustees. Controversy also attended the size and scale of the building, along with the removal of trees at its site on the town common. It was completed at a cost of $175,000, which included no public funding.
Construction of the library began in 1898 and it was opened in 1900. In 1900 the library commissioned the first mural of F. Luis Mora, a prominent Hispanic American artist. The library was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and included in the Lynn Common Historic District in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18748354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748354" title="1946 Cannes Film Festival">
1946 Cannes Film Festival

The 1st Cannes Film Festival was held from 20 September to 5 October 1946.
Jury.
The following were the Jury for the "Feature films" and "Shorts": 
Films in the competition.
The following films were selected as In Competition:

</doc>
<doc id="18748357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748357" title="Jeffrey Rosensweig">
Jeffrey Rosensweig

Jeffrey A. Rosensweig is the Director of the Global Perspectives Program at Goizueta Business School of Emory University. Previously, he served as Associate Dean for Corporate Relations during a six-year tenure. Rosensweig was chosen by the Wall Street Journal as a top national Executive MBA Professor.
Rosensweig has published papers in academic journals such as the "Journal of International Money and Finance", the "Journal of Business and Economic Statistics", and "Economic Inquiry". His first book, "Winning the Global Game: A Strategy for Linking People and Profits", published by The Free Press of Simon & Schuster in 1998, received critical acclaim. His third book, "Age Smart", was published by Pearson Prentice-Hall in May 2006.
In 2011, Jeff Rosensweig was the recipient of the Emory Williams Teaching Award and WEMBA Distinguished Educator Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18748361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748361" title="Econ group (Greece)">
Econ group (Greece)

ECON (not to be confused with companies in other countries with the same name) was a Greek conglomerate, named after its founder Christos Economides. It was founded in 1950 as an engineering company but it progressively diversified in other areas including defence equipment, focusing during the 1980s on electronics and electro-optical system development and production. By 1995 it had rapidly evolved into a major defence group with four factories involved in high-tech constructions, including mechanical engineering, optics, electronics, digital imaging equipment, explosives etc. However, this growth was followed by an equally rapid collapse only a few years later, leading to one more dark page in the history of Greek defence industry. Parts of the company were reorganized into "Thalis sensors" (later "Theon sensors"). 

</doc>
<doc id="18748363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748363" title="Lynn Memorial City Hall and Auditorium">
Lynn Memorial City Hall and Auditorium

The Lynn Memorial City Hall and Auditorium is a large Art Deco building that defines the civic heart of Lynn, Massachusetts. First, the building serves three functions: it houses the city's principal offices, including the mayor's office, as well as the chambers of the city council. Second, it memorializes the city's fallen in the nation's military conflicts. Third, it houses a large public performance space, with a seating capacity over 2,000. It is located at 3 City Hall Square.
The building was constructed in 1948-49 by the M.A. Dyer Company and John Bowen Company. Lynn's mayor Albert Cole was the driving force behind the design and construction of the building, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18748376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748376" title="Lynn Masonic Hall">
Lynn Masonic Hall

The Lynn Masonic Hall is a historic Masonic building located at 64-68 Market Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1880 for the Lynn branch of the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA). It is one of two surviving Victorian Gothic buildings in downtown Lynn. The YMCA occupied the building until 1907, when it moved to other quarters (no longer extant) across the street. The building was sold to the local Masonic lodge.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18748390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748390" title="Lynn Bank Block">
Lynn Bank Block

The Lynn Bank Block is a historic bank building at 21–29 Exchange Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The three story building was built for the First National Bank of Lynn and the Lynn Institution for Savings in 1891. It was the first Colonial Revival construction in Lynn's rebuilding effort after a disastrous fire destroyed much of its central business district in 1889. Most of the earlier buildings erected after the fire were in Romanesque Revival styling. The building features a large central entry section with an arch framing a recessed doorway and a Palladian window above, which is flanked by columns. On either side of the entry the building extends for three window bays. The two banking institutions shared the building, one occupying each side.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748408" title="Thomas Low House">
Thomas Low House

The Thomas Low House is a historic house at 42 Heartbreak Road in Ipswich, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house, with a symmetrically windowed five bay main facade, a rear two-story addition, and a second two story addition on the right side. The house is first mentioned in a 1708 deed, when it was transferred from John Low to his brother Thorndike. The house has only very minor evidence of its First Period origin. It began as a two story structure with two rooms on each floor and a chimney between. A leanto addition came at a later date, and was raised to a full second story sometime in the 18th century. The addition on the right side is modern (1981), but is built on the footprint of an older addition. The house was complete restyled during the Federalist period.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748415" title="Pamela Dalton">
Pamela Dalton

Dr. Pamela Dalton is a cognitive psychologist. She has a Ph.D. in experimental psychology and a Masters in Public Health. Dalton is frequently quoted by the popular press as an authority on environmental odors.
She is most notable for her contributions to the research toward the fields of sick building syndrome and multiple chemical sensitivity.
In the past she has worked with the United States Department of Defense on "nonlethal weapons development", or the enhancement of bad odors as weapons. 
She currently works at the Monell Chemical Senses Center.
She also was a contributor to the NIH Toolbox for the Assessment of Neurological and Behavioral Function (www.nihtoolbox.org), as a member of the NIH Toolbox steering committee and the Olfaction team, developing the NIH Toolbox Odor Identification Test. The contract for the NIH Toolbox for the Assessment of Neurological and Behavioral Function (www.nihtoolbox.org) was initiated by the NIH Blueprint for Neuroscience Research (www.neuroscienceblueprint.nih.gov) in 2006 to develop a set of state-of-the-art measurement tools to enhance collection of data in large cohort studies in biomedical research.

</doc>
<doc id="18748419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748419" title="CS Mureşul Deva">
CS Mureşul Deva

Mureşul Deva was a Romanian professional football club from Deva, Hunedoara County, Romania, founded in 2006 and dissolved in 2012.
History.
The club was founded in the summer of 2006 to continue the football tradition in Deva after all the clubs based here were dissolved during the years.
Mureşul's first performance came at the end of the 2006–07 Liga III season, when it was promoted for the very first time in history to the Liga II. Since then, it played consistently at this level.
In the summer of 2012 it relegated to the Liga III, but didn't start the new season because it was dissolved.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="18748423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748423" title="Charles Lovejoy House">
Charles Lovejoy House

The Charles Lovejoy House is a historic house at 64 Broad Street in Lynn, Massachusetts. The 2,5 story Colonial Revival mansion was built in 1893 for Doctor Charles Lovejoy, one of the founders of Lynn Hospital. It features a Palladian entrance with pilasters topped by a triangular pediment surrounding a recessed entry. The entry is flanked by wings that have two windows on the first floor, one on the second, and then gable-dormered windows at the top.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978, and was included in the Diamond Historic District in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18748428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748428" title="Kiyotaka Akasaka">
Kiyotaka Akasaka

A career diplomat, Mr. Akasaka has served several multilateral organizations in different capacities. From 2003 to 2007, he was the Deputy Secretary-General of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), where he was responsible for issues on development, environment, sustainable development and building and maintaining partnership with other international organizations. 
From 1997 to 2000, he served as Deputy Director-General in the Multilateral Cooperation Department of the Japanese Foreign Ministry. He acted as one of the top negotiators in the Kyoto Conference on Climate Change in December 1997. 
From 2000 to 2001, he served as the Japanese Ambassador to the United Nations. Previously, he worked at the Secretariat of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) (1988–1991) and the World Health Organization (1993–1997). 
Akasaka joined the Japanese Foreign Ministry in April 1971, where he held several posts. He was Deputy Director of the Press Division and later the Ministry's Spokesman on climate change issues for many years. 
He obtained his Bachelor of Arts in law from Kyoto University in 1971. In the following year, he pursued his studies at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he obtained a Bachelor and a Master of Arts in economics. 
He co-authored the books "The GATT and the Uruguay Round Negotiations" and "The Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety". He also published many articles on trade, the environment and sustainable development in Japanese journals and newspapers. 
Akasaka is fluent in English and French.

</doc>
<doc id="18748436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748436" title="William Livermore House">
William Livermore House

The William Livermore House is a historic First Period house at 271 Essex Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story five bay colonial wood frame house that was built in stages. The oldest part of the house, the right front, was built c. 1700, along with the chimney. The left side was added early in the Second Period, and a major addition was made to the rear, adding another row of rooms and a new roof. As a result the chimney, which normally protrudes through the ridge of the roof in First Period houses, instead protrudes through the front of the roof.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748462" title="The Lincolnshire">
The Lincolnshire

The Lincolnshire is a grand mansion at 22 Hidden Rd. and 28 Hidden Way in Andover, Massachusetts.
History.
The mansion was built between 1897 and 1898 for Henry Bradford Lewis (1868-1951), who made a considerable fortune from his scouring mills in Lawrence. Lewis was in charge of the three mills of the E. Frank Lewis Co. and the American Lanolin Co., which employed 500 persons at their peak.
The manufacturer spared no expense—or whimsey—in creating and furnishing this estate. George S. Adams, who designed a similar Queen Anne/Colonial Revival mansion for Lewis' father in Lawrence, may also have designed the son's house. At his death in 1951 Lewis left $80,750 in real estate (including this house and its greenhouse at $35,000 and No. 17 Hidden Rd, bought for his daughter) and more than $97,000 in personal estate, most of which was left to his wife Lillian. As Lewis anticipated, the house was too large to be maintained for only one occupant, and the building was sold in 1953 to C. Lincoln Giles, and converted into apartments. The carriage house is now a single-family residence. 
The mansion was added to the National Register of Historic Places because it is distinguished:
Architecture.
The Colonial Revival style structure is characteristically voluminous with such classical motifs as Palladian and oculus windows, but it also retains a Queen Anne playfulness. Small, unexpected features as large as the cross-gambrel pavilions and as small as an oriel window in an exterior chimney give a cheerful picturesqueness to the imposing mass. The original, Colonial Revival carriage house at the rear is similarly large in scale, with wood shingles and a large gambrel roof that complements the main house.

</doc>
<doc id="18748475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748475" title="Larch Farm">
Larch Farm

The Larch Farm, also known as the Goldsmith-Pickering House, is a historic First Period farmhouse at 38 Larch Road in Wenham, Massachusetts. The house is a large colonial 2.5 story wood frame house, eight bays wide. The northern half of the house is three bays deep, and the southern half is two deep. Its complicated construction history begins in 1700, when Zaccheus Goldsmith was given permission to take timber for the purpose of building a house wide and deep. This structure was two stories high, with a leanto section in the rear and a chimney on its right. An addition during the Georgian period removed that chimney and doubled the size of the house, and moved the front door to the north side. A wing was added on the south during the 1780s, and the exterior was remodeled later to give the house a Federal style appearance. The interior of the house includes surviving decorative features from all three periods of construction.
The house is also notable for its purchase in 1806 by Timothy Pickering, a former United States Secretary of State. Pickering transformed the Goldsmith property into a rural country estate, planting linden and larch trees on the grounds. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748489" title="Fitz Henry Lane House">
Fitz Henry Lane House

The Fitz Henry Lane House is a historic house at 8 Harbor Loop Road, on the harbor side of Rogers Street in Gloucester, Massachusetts. The three story stone Gothic Revival building was built in 1849 by the artist Fitz Henry Lane, and was his home until his death in 1865. The building now sits in a municipal park, and has a commanding view of the harbor.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970. At that time, it was known as the "Fitz Hugh Lane House," but the Register changed the name in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18748498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748498" title="Lila T. Abaunza">
Lila T. Abaunza

Lila Teresita Abaunza Abaunza de Bolaños (29 January 1929 – 17 July 2008) was the First Lady of Nicaragua from 2002 until 2007 and the wife of the former President of Nicaragua, Enrique Bolaños.
She was well noted for her charitable work.
Biography.
Abaunza was born in Masaya, Nicaragua, member of a prestigious family. Her father was Alexander Abaunza Espinoza, President of the Congress of Nicaragua and Public Work Minister and Agriculture in the Partido Liberal, son of Carlos Abaunza Cuadra and wife Dolores Espinoza ... Her mother was his wife and first cousin Esmeralda Abaunza Solórzano, daughter of Fernando Abaunza Cuadra and wife Marina Solórzano Vasconcelos, daughter of Enrique Solórzano Cardoze and wife Luz Vasconcelos ..., both of Portuguese descent, and he the son of Ramón Solórzano Montealegre and second wife Mónica Cardoze ..., who by his first wife Juana Reyes Robira had Federico Solórzano Reyes, married to Rosa Gutiérrez ..., the parents of Carlos José Solórzano, 58th President of Nicaragua.
She was a relative by both parents of Justo Abaunza, 25th and 27th President of Nicaragua, of Fernando Guzmán, 37th President of Nicaragua and by both parents of José Vicente Cuadra, 38th President of Nicaragua.
Abaunza studied at the La Asunción College in Managua and the Sacred Heart Preparatory Menlo Park, in California, USA.
In 1949 she married Enrique Bolaños, son of Mr. Nicolás Bolaños and Geyer Abaunza. Their five children were Enrique José, Lucía Amanda, Jorge Alejandro (deceased, 2005), Javier Gregorio (deceased, 2007) and Alberto (deceased, 1972).
Lila de Bolaños spent much of her life undertaking charitable work and helping the poor and destitute. As wife of the President she contributed to aid in hospitals, visiting asylums of the old, giving medical support and campaigning to restore old buildings, particularly those destroyed by disasters such as Hurricane Mitch. She did much work with disabled people.
In June 2008 she was transported by air from Miami to her home in El Raizón about 22 miles outside Masaya after undergoing a serious deterioration in health. During this period she was reportedly in much pain and died on July 17, 2008 after an illness of some seven weeks. Her funeral took place on July 19 and she was buried in the Bolaños family mausoleum in Masaya.
Trivia.
Abaunza's Nacatamales were said to be amongst the best in Nicaragua. She was also known to be very outspoken and frank in her role as first lady.

</doc>
<doc id="18748499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748499" title="Covaci River">
Covaci River

The Covaci River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18748507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748507" title="Thomas Lambert House">
Thomas Lambert House

The Thomas Lambert House is a historic colonial First Period house at 142 Main Street in Rowley, Massachusetts, United States. Like many period houses it was built in stages; the first stage of this house's construction dates to c. 1699. It is unclear whether it began as a single cell (a two story structure with one room on each floor to one side of what is now a central chimney), or a double cell (matching sections either side of the chimney), because framing elements to determine this have been boxed in. It is likely that a leanto was added sometime in the 18th century, although this has to some extent been obscured by later work which raised the rear of the house to a full two stories and replaced the roof. The building's entrance porch was added in the 19th century.
The house was built by Thomas Lambert, Jr., probably around the time of his marriage in 1699. It remained in the hands of his descendants until 1977, andwas lsited on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748526" title="Stanley Lake House">
Stanley Lake House

The Stanley Lake House is a historic First Period house at 95 River Road in Topsfield, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house that was built in stages by Mathew Stanley between c. 1683 and 1693. His heirs sold the property in 1718 to Eleazer Lake. The property also includes a rare First Period barn.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990. In 2005 it was named a contributing property to the River Road-Cross Street Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18748541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748541" title="Belarusian Socialist Assembly">
Belarusian Socialist Assembly

The Belarusian Socialist Assembly, BSA (, Belarusian Socialist Hramada, BSH) was a revolutionary party in the Belarusian territory of the Russian Empire. It was established in 1902 as the Belarusian Revolutionary Party, renamed in 1903.
The BSA had branches in Minsk, Vilna and also in St. Petersburg. After the February Revolution in Russia, the political activity in Belarus increased, and in summer of 1917 BSA gave rise to the Communist Party of Byelorussia and the Belarusian Social Democratic Party.
On March 19, 1918 on the initiative of the BSA, the Council ("Rada") of the Belarusian National Republic has become a temporary, short-lived parliament in Belarusian lands. Most of the BNR Council were members of the BSA.
Russian Bolsheviks had a negative attitude towards the BSA. Vladimir Lenin described BSA as a "nationalist petty bourgeois party of left populist orientation". The 2nd Congress of the Soviets of the Western Province (Russia) declared the Council of the Belarusian Republic counter-revolutionary and anti-Soviet.
After the Polish-Soviet War many activists of the BSA have found themselves in Poland, which acquired Western Belarus, and they struggled for the Belarusian autonomy.

</doc>
<doc id="18748543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748543" title="George Kunhardt Estate">
George Kunhardt Estate

The George Kunhardt Estate is a historic estate off Great Plain Road in North Andover, Massachusetts. Originally owned by George Kunhardt, a principal owner of textile mills in the Merrimack Valley, the estate was also known as Campion Hall when it served as a Jesuit retreat center. After sitting vacant for many years, the property has been converted into residential condominiums.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18748548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748548" title="A+b kasha">
A+b kasha

a+b kasha is a French company specialized in the restoration of historic apartments in the Saint-Germain-des-Prés area of Paris. The company is noted for its ability to faithfully restore the architectural details of apartments built in the 17th and 18th century and at the same time update them for modern living. Architectural details are refurbished by craftsmen using techniques similar to those originally used.
Unlike most property developers, the company's Left Bank properties are purchased, designed, restored and furnished before being offered for sale as turnkey apartments, in order to maintain the integrity of the original architecture without influence from potential buyers. As the apartments are not pre-sold, the company's clients are not involved in the design or restoration. The apartments are designed by the company owners, Alon and Betsy Kasha. Ms. Kasha is a former marketing executive at Cartier, and Mr. Kasha is a former banking executive. Both have studied Parisian architecture extensively.
a+b kasha apartments, typically ranging from 700 to 2,000 square feet (65 to 185 square metres), are sold for $800,000 to more than $2 million, a premium of 15 to 20 percent above market values. The company views its products less as real estate, and more as luxury fashion.
Because of its prices and positioning, the company has been a subject of controversy. Detractors contend that a+b kasha drives up Left Bank real estate prices, forcing French families from the neighborhood, and enticing wealthy foreigners to take their place. The company responds by saying that its higher prices are necessary to provide the public service of faithfully restoring historic apartments.
At any given time a+b kasha has up to ten properties in various phases, from purchase offers to renovation to contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18748551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748551" title="Frederick Tyrrell">
Frederick Tyrrell

Frederick Tyrrell or "Tyrell" (1793–1843), English surgeon. Assistant surgeon London Eye Infirmary 1820. Lecturer in anatomy and surgeon to St Thomas's Hospital 1822. Arris & Gale lecturer; published "Diseases of the eye" (1840). 
A nephew of Sir Astley Cooper, Tyrell was one of Thomas Wakley's 'Three Ninnyhammers' and was co-proprietor of the Aldersgate Private Medical Academy (founded 1825) with William Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="18748556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748556" title="Leopold Lojka">
Leopold Lojka

Leopold Lojka (also spelt Leopold Loyka) (1885–1926) was the chauffeur of the car carrying Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand at the point of Ferdinand's assassination in Sarajevo in 1914.
Lojka was born in 1885 in the town of Znojmo in southern Moravia in the Austro-Hungarian Empire (now part of the Czech Republic). He became a professional chauffeur in the service of Franz, Count Harrach, an Austro-Hungarian nobleman and close friend of heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, Archduke Franz Ferdinand.
Lojka accompanied his employer and the Archduke on their trip to Sarajevo on 28 June 1914 so as to serve as Ferdinand's chauffeur. Shortly after leaving the military barracks where Ferdinand had been inspecting the local Imperial garrison, the car was attacked by a Serb Young Bosnia terrorist, who threw a bomb at it. However, Lojka was able to swerve out of the way and the bomb bounced away, injuring several soldiers in the car behind.
Despite protestations from his wife Sophie, Ferdinand decided to visit the injured soldiers in the hospital. However, this was off the planned route and Lojka had not been informed of the change in plans and was not familiar with the new route. Consequently, as he was driving away from the hospital to head out of Sarajevo, Lojka took a wrong turn down a backstreet. Realising his mistake, Lojka began to reverse out. However, it so happened that Young Bosnia assassin Gavrilo Princip was sitting in a café on the street just as Ferdinand's car began to pull into it. Princip seized his chance and ran out of the café with his Model 1910 7.65 mm FN Browning. Spotting him, Lojka attempted to reverse faster, but his foot missed the accelerator pedal. As a consequence, Princip shot and killed the Archduke, shooting him in the jugular vein, and his wife, in her stomach.
After the assassination, Lojka was given the task of sending three telegrams: one for the Austro-Hungarian Emperor Franz Joseph, one for the German Emperor Wilhelm II, and one for the children of Archduke Franz Ferdinand. 
He also served as a witness for the prosecution in the Young Bosnia trial.
Lojka was later awarded 400,000 crowns by Austro-Hungarian emperor Charles I, which he used to buy an inn in Brno in Czechoslovakia. There he became an innkeeper, and would often show off the bloodstained braces of Franz Ferdinand and a piece of Sophie's golden bracelet.
He died in Brno in 1926. Since his death, the role of chauffeur of Franz Ferdinand's car has often been erroneously attributed to a 'Franz Urban'.

</doc>
<doc id="18748557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748557" title="Yoshio Tachibana">
Yoshio Tachibana

Biography.
Tachibana was a native of Ehime prefecture. He graduated from the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1913, and had a relatively undistinguished early career. From 1924-1925 he was assigned to the Manchukuo Imperial Army as a liaison officer. In 1942, he was assigned to the staff of the Hiroshima regional defense command, and promoted to major general in March 1943. In May 1944, he became commander of the IJA 1st Independent Combined Brigade. He was further promoted to lieutenant general on March 23, 1945, and given command of the IJA 109th Division, which was tasked with the defense of the Bonin Islands against invasion by American forces in the preliminary preparations to Operation Downfall. 
By mid-1945, due to the Allied naval blockade, Japanese troops on Chichijima had run low on supplies and were starving, so Tachibana's senior staff turned to cannibalism. In August 1944 in what came to be known later as the “Ogasawara Incident”, Tachibana, known to his staff as a sadistic, alcoholic commander, issued an order that all American prisoners of war (downed aviators) be killed. 
Two prisoners were beheaded in a public ceremony and per an account in "Time Magazine", their livers were immediately cut from their bodies and served as "sukiyaki" . It was not disputed that eight prisoners of war were executed, and some of the bodies were butchered by the division’s medical orderlies and portions were eaten by the senior staff of the Japanese garrison. 
At the end of the war, Tachibana and his staff were arrested by the American occupation authorities and were deported to Guam, where they stood trial for war crimes in connection with the Ogasawara Incident in August 1946. However, as cannibalism was not covered under international law at the time, Tachibana was charged with "prevention of honorable burial" in addition to his execution of prisoners, and along with four other defendants, was sentenced to death by hanging.

</doc>
<doc id="18748564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748564" title="Under the Moonlight">
Under the Moonlight

Under the Moonlight may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748570" title="Blacksburg Museum">
Blacksburg Museum

The Blacksburg Museum is a museum in the sense that the Town of Blacksburg pursues exhibits and a historic lecture series under the name, but there is currently no official headquarters for the museum. Plans are to headquarter the museum in the Alexander Black House, which is currently undergoing a renovation process. Odd Fellows Hall is also expected to become part of the museum once it is renovated, and the hall will be dedicated to preserving the contributions of African-Americans to the Blacksburg, Virginia, USA town.
History and progress.
In 1798, the Town of Blacksburg was laid out in a 16-square grid, which covered a land plot bordered on four sides by Jackson, Draper, Clay and Wharton Streets. Many of the blocks now have different businesses located there, but a committee has been established to promote community awareness about the historical significance of many different locations downtown, especially the Alexander Black House.
Mission.
The mission of the Blacksburg Museum is to establish and inform a sense of place and time for Blacksburg, Virginia citizens and visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="18748572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748572" title="Kittredge Mansion">
Kittredge Mansion

The Kittredge Mansion is a historic house at 56 Academy Road in North Andover, Massachusetts. This three story wood frame house was built in 1784 for Joseph Kittredge, and has remained in the family. Its construction and design have been attributed to noted Salem, Massachusetts builder Samuel McIntire.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and included in the North Andover Center Historic District in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18748578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748578" title="George Newenham Wright">
George Newenham Wright

George Newenham Wright (c. 1794–1877) was an Irish writer and Anglican clergyman. He was born in Dublin; his father, John Thomas Wright was a doctor. He graduated B.A. from Trinity College in 1814 and M.A. in 1817. He married Charlotte Mulock in 1819.
He held several curacies in Ireland before moving to St Mary Woolnoth, London. 
By 1851, he was a teacher of classics, resident in Windsor with his wife. In 1861 he noted having a number of pupils boarding with him at Frome. By 1863 he was master of Tewkesbury Grammar School. 
He died on 24 March 1877 at Pierrepont Street, Bath.
From the 1820s to the 1840s some minor topographical works and schoolbooks on subjects ranging from the Greek language to biography and philosophy by Wright were published . There were several on Ireland, two of which have illustrations by George Petrie.

</doc>
<doc id="18748581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748581" title="Police of the Czech Republic">
Police of the Czech Republic

The Police of the Czech Republic ("Policie České Republiky") is a law enforcement agency of the Czech Republic, officially established as a police force on 15 July 1991 in the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic. "PČR's" headquarters is located in Prague. Czech state police cooperates with municipal police departments, which are present in every larger town.
History.
The Police of the Czech Republic took over land management after the communist SNB in the Czech Republic with the exception of military police (provosts) who are part of the army. Members were recruited from the former communist SNB (National Security Corps), after passing a vetting "democratic" commission established after the Velvet Revolution in 1989 to eliminate from the police force communist ideologues and agents of the secret police (the Czech Republic's KGB equivalent). A similar procedure was also undertaken in the then-Slovak Republic. Some police officers were employed by a small federal police force, whose mandate expired on 31 December 1992. The police are in public-service work; their status in the Czech Republic armed security forces is that of a gendarmerie.
Jurisdiction.
The Police of the Czech Republic has general jurisdiction in the investigation of misdemeanors and crimes. Its proceedings are overseen by an independent prosecutor, who can bring charges in criminal matters. It does not have jurisdiction in fields falling within the competence of other specialized bodies, such as the Customs service, military police, judicial guard or the Secret service. PČR is the main investigative body of the Ministry of the Interior. It should not be confused with the municipal police, which may be established by a municipality and which supervises public order and road safety; municipal police also have jurisdiction only over misdemeanours, and in criminal investigations may serve only in a supportive role for the state police.
Some crimes (such as terrorism) are being solved in co-operation with intelligence agencies such as BIS or ÚZSI.
Regional jurisdiction.
There are 14 regional headquarters, with jurisdictions covering the regions of the Czech Republic.
Equipment.
As of 2011, the Police of the Czech Republic employs about 41,000 officers, with a ratio of about 45 officers per 10,000 population. Of these, about 3,500 are traffic-police officers.
Firearms.
The following firearms are used by the Police of the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="18748585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748585" title="Solomon Kimball House (Wenham, Massachusetts)">
Solomon Kimball House (Wenham, Massachusetts)

The Solomon Kimball House, probably built in 1696, is a historic First Period house at 26 Maple Street in Wenham, Massachusetts. Although named for nineteenth- and early twentieth-century owner Solomon Kimball, the house was built by Thomas and Mary (Solart) Killam—he the veteran of a pivotal battle in King Philip’s War and she the sister and aunt of defendants in the Salem Witchcraft Trials.
Eighteenth-century owners included Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Deputies William Fairfield, and American Revolutionary War veteran Capt. Matthew Fairfield.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Thomas and Mary (Solart) Killam.
Thomas Killam (or Kilham), son of Daniel and Mary (Safford) Killam, was born 1653-4 in Wenham, and married Martha Solart circa 1680. Killam was a veteran of King Philip’s War, serving under Major Samuel Appleton of Ipswich in Appleton’s campaign against the Narragansett, including the Great Swamp Fight of December 19, 1675. In May 1676 the General Court voted to repay soldiers for losses incurred, and voted £2 15d 6s for Killam’s losses.
Martha (Solart) Killam was the daughter of John, Sr. and Elizabeth (-----) Solart, who kept a tavern in Wenham, still standing at 106 Main Street. Solart, Sr. was financially successful, yet drowned himself in 1672 leaving an estate of over £500. Solart, Sr.’s widow soon remarried Ezekiel Woodward, and kept her seven children from receiving their rightful share of Solart, Sr.’s estate. Eventually, these children successfully petitioned the General Court for redress in 1682.
Martha was a sister of Sarah Good, who was one of the first three to be accused of witchcraft during the Salem witchcraft hysteria and was hanged in 1692. Sarah's 4 year-old daughter Dorothy Good (also known as Dorcas Good) was also accused and arrested for witchcraft. Dorothy Good survived the hysteria, but was the youngest to be accused of witchcraft during the Salem episode.
Thomas and Martha (Solart) Killam had six children, all born in Wenham and the last two likely born in the Solomon Kimball House:
Thomas Killam sold his house in Wenham to William Fairfield in July 1701, and moved to Boxford (MA).
William, Esther (Batchelder) and Rebecca (Tarbox) Fairfield.
William Fairfield owned the property from 1701 to 1725. He likely built himself a new house in 1724, having inherited land from his late father Walter the year before, and gave the former Thomas Killam homestead to his son Josiah as a wedding gift. (It's worth noting that the land William inherited from his father included a burial ground that the family had been using since at least 1691.)
A son of Ensign Walter and Sarah (Skipper) Fairfield, William was born October 14, 1662 in Reading, MA, and died on December 18, 1742 in Wenham. He was active in town affairs, and was Town Clerk 1706-1711 and 1724-1729; Moderator of Town Meeting in 1715, 1716, 1733-1736, 1739 and 1741; and was elected deacon of the First Church in 1731. He was a Representative at General Court in 1723, 1728, 1730, and 1732-1742, and “uring the session of 1741, he was Speaker of the House of Deputies, at that time the highest office in the gift of the people, the Governor and Lieut. Governor being appointed by the King.”
William married twice. His first marriage was to Esther Batchelder about the year 1687. She was born circa 1668 and died on January 21, 1722/3 in Wenham. More research is required to identify her parents and the dates and locations of her birth and marriage. William and Esther (Batchelder) Fairfield had thirteen children, all born in Wenham: 
William’s second marriage was to Mrs. Rebecca (Tarbox) Gott on October 14, 1723 in Wenham. Rebecca was born on August 8, 1672 in Lynn, MA, the daughter of Samuel and Rebecca (Armitage) Tarbox. Her first marriage was to John Gott, whom she married on July 19, 1693 in Salem, MA. (John Gott was the son of Charles and Lydia (Clark) Gott, was born on November 8, 1668 in Wenham, and died on January 25, 1722-3 in Wenham.) She died on July 29, 1765 in Lynn, MA. No children are recorded in Wenham’s vital records for William and Rebecca (Gott) Fairfield.
Capt. Matthew and Abigail (Ayers) Fairfield.
Matthew Fairfield, son of Josiah and his second wife Elizabeth (Appleton) Fairfield, was born May 18, 1745 in Wenham (likely in the Solomon Kimball House), married Mrs. Abigail Ayers on October 22, 1767 in Haverhill (MA), and died on February 11, 1813 in New Boston, NH. Matthew was the first of Josiah’s sons to reach adulthood, and it’s likely that when he married Abigail they took up residence in Josiah and Elizabeth’s house. This was certainly the case by 1771, when Matthew and Abigail were living in one part of the house, Josiah and Elizabeth were living in the other part of the house, and Josiah gave Matthew that portion of the house that Matthew and Abigail occupied (along with one half of a cider house and cider mill nearby).
Matthew Fairfield was a veteran of the American Revolutionary War. In December 1774 he was appointed to the three-member town committee that enlisted Wenham’s minutemen. Once the fighting began, he was a private in Capt. Billy Porter’s company of minutemen, Col. John Baker’s regiment, which marched on the alarm of April 19, 1775, serving five days but arriving too late to see the Battles of Lexington and Concord. He enlisted as a lieutenant at Gloucester in 1775 in the 38th Regiment, and appears in its muster rolls for July through December 1775. He may have spent 1776 at home, since his name does not appear on Massachusetts muster rolls for this period, but was a captain in Col. John Wigglesworth’s regiment from January through October 1777, serving at the Battles of Saratoga. Later—December 1777 – Capt. Fairfield was with the 13th Massachusetts Regiment (de Kalb’s division, Glover’s brigade) at Valley Forge, although his name does not appear on Valley Forge musters for subsequent months.
Fairfield was initiated into the Masons in April of 1777, and held the office of Steward for the United States Lodge in Danvers in October 1778.
At some point during the Revolution, Capt. Fairfield and his company were sent to Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
Further research is required to identify Abigail Ayers’ parentage, date and place of birth, and information on her first marriage. She died on January 28, 1825, age 78.
Matthew and Abigail had twelve children, perhaps nine of whom were likely born in the Solomon Kimball House:
Maps.
<li>1955: The subdivision of the Solomon Kimball farm began in 1955 and continued through the mid-1960s, creating Puritan Road, Mayflower Drive and the lots facing those streets. This 1955 map, drawn at the beginning of the subdivision program, shows the location and outline of the Solomon Kimball House and two outbuildings; note the outline of an ell or porch on the north side of the house that no longer exists.

</doc>
<doc id="18748588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748588" title="1983 Paris–Roubaix">
1983 Paris–Roubaix

The 1983 Paris–Roubaix road cycling race in Spring 1983 in Northern France.
As has happened frequently before, an important development to the 1983 Paris–Roubaix took place at the cobbles of the Trouée d'Arenberg, with former three times winner Francesco Moser setting a brutal pace. Moser continued his torrid pace through the next tough cobbled sections, reducing the field to just 5 riders.
Despite crashing twice, Hennie Kuiper maintained a position in the lead group, and knowing that Moser possessed the superior finish, Kuiper attacked from distance. This turned out to be a brilliant move as the other riders of the breakaway, Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle, Marc Madiot and Ronan De Meyer looked to Moser to chase Kuiper down. This tactical disarray allowed Kuiper to open a 1'30 lead with only 16 km to go. 
Within the last six kilometres Kuiper suffered another setback, this time a puncture. His team managed to deliver a new bike in time, and Hennie Kuiper entered the velodrome in Roubaix on his own. 
In the sprint for second Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle narrowly beat Francesco Moser.
The 1983 version of the Paris–Roubaix is generally regarded as a classic primarily due to Hennie Kuiper overcoming two crashes and a puncture, yet still strong enough to prevail in the face of some very elite competition. Of his fellow escapees, Francesco Moser was a former 3 times winner of the race, while both Gilbert Duclos-Lassalle and Marc Madiot would go on to win the event twice each.
Below, the results for the 1983 edition of the Paris–Roubaix cycling classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18748593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748593" title="Capt. Timothy Johnson House">
Capt. Timothy Johnson House

The Capt. Timothy Johnson House is a historic late First Period house at 18—20 Stevens Street in North Andover, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame gambrel-roofed house was built c. 1720 by Timothy Johnson, a leading Andover resident who led Massachusetts troops in the 1745 Siege of Louisbourg. The building has a wealth of well preserved Second Period (Georgian) detailing inside, some of which dates to the period of the house's construction.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748605" title="Megan Kalmoe">
Megan Kalmoe

Megan Kalmoe, (born 21 August 1983 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is a female crew rower who reached the final of the double sculls competition of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, with teammate Ellen Tomek, competing for the United States. The duo finished fifth overall, with a time of 7:17.53 over 2000m. The double trained at the U.S. Rowing Training Center at Princeton, New Jersey. 
She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the quadruple sculls event.
Personal life.
Kalmoe graduated from the University of Washington in 2006 with a degree in Latin and English in 2006 as U of W Huskies Team Captain and 101 Club Scholar Athlete. At her Saint Croix Falls, Wisconsin high school, she was team captain of both the cross country and basketball teams, a member of the National Honor Society, senior class vice president, and student body president. She graduated fourth in her class, and was a section leader and drum major in band. She received the Arion Award for most outstanding musicianship and the Marketplace, Greg Fey Memorial and Dayton's "Project Imagine" scholarships. Her future ambitions include visiting the world's largest and most celebrated parties, including Carnival, Mardi Gras, New Year's Eve on Times Square, Oktoberfest, and the Super Bowl. The 5'10" athlete would also like to travel to all of the U.S. National Parks, hike the Appalachian Trail, coach college rowing, and write an Academy Award-winning screenplay before earning an English PhD, writing a novel, and moving to South Africa.
Since 2008 Kalmoe and friends have annually compiled The List, a ranking of the "20 Hottest Male Rowing Athletes of the Year", which generates great debate among international rowers.

</doc>
<doc id="18748611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748611" title="Johnson House (Methuen, Massachusetts)">
Johnson House (Methuen, Massachusetts)

The Johnson House is a historic house at 8 Ditson Place in Methuen, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1830 by Joseph Carleton, and was at that time probably one of the grander Federal style houses in Methuen. By 1885 it was owned by Edward Johnson, a clerk for the Boston and Maine Railroad. Its most significant feature is the entry portico.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748613" title="Reed Memorial Library">
Reed Memorial Library

Reed Memorial Library is located at the junction of US 6 and NY 52 in Carmel, New York, United States. It is the oldest library building in Putnam County, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It was built in 1914 by Arietta Crane Reed as a tribute to her late husband, William Belden Reed, an ardent supporter of the Literary Union of Carmel, which operates the library. It is a Tudorbethan-style building of local stone with marble accents, and much original period furnishing inside.
Building.
The library occupies a corner lot; it takes the form of a one-story trapezoid faced in rock quarried around nearby Lake Gilead. Its slate roof has three gables; a flat-roofed section between the two in the rear curves to form a rounded rear elevation. The main entrance has double doors flanked by narrow windows in a rusticated surround with quoined corners.
It opens into a small vestibule of tile with marble trim. Behind it is an oval lobby paneled in oak. A colonnade separates it from the reading rooms and stacks in the rounded rear section. The fireplace in the main reading room has a mantel carved in the shape of monks' heads; the one in the children's reading room is a more restrained, standard Gothic Revival style.
History.
Carmel had had a library since 1868, when the Carmel Library Association was formed. Its 900 volumes were first in a member's home, then a local church. This made using it difficult, so in 1881 the Literary Union of Carmel was formed to take control. They housed the books first in homes and later on the second story of a local office building.
In 1911 that space was expanded, but the library's collection was growing fast enough that it needed its own space. Two members donated the land; Arietta Crane Reed donated the money for the building in memory of her late husband, an executive with the New York City construction company Miller-Reed.
The New York firm of Pryor & Gaylor was commissioned to design a building that could not only serve as a library but a community meeting place. The irregularly-shaped structure accomplished both goals. Reed's company did the structural work; a local firm handled the masonry. Ground was broken in November 1913 and the building was opened and dedicated seven months later, at a total cost of $45,000 USD ($ 2008 USD)). It has remained intact, without any alterations, ever since.
Aesthetics.
The library is the only significant Tudorbethan building in the Carmel area. While there are some Gothic Revival touches on the interior like the mantel in the children's reading room, the bulk of the interior shows the strong influence of the related, contemporary Arts and Crafts style, which was upholding simpler Tudorbethan buildings as an alternative to the architectural flourishes and ornament of the later Victorian era.

</doc>
<doc id="18748628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748628" title="Møsnuken">
Møsnuken

Møsnuken is a mountain in the municipality of Os, Hordaland, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="18748630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748630" title="Benjamin Jenkins House">
Benjamin Jenkins House

The Benjamin Jenkins House is a historic house at 362 Salem Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built in about 1807 for Colonel Benjamin Jenkins on family-owned land. The substantial and elegant Federal style house was a stop on the road between Salem and Andover, and remained in the family into the 20th century. One of its owners, William S. Jenkins, was a local builder of note in the second half of the 19th century, built the large ell of the house in 1849.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18748643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748643" title="SV Alemannia Waldalgesheim">
SV Alemannia Waldalgesheim

SV Alemannia Waldalgesheim is a German association football club from the city of Waldalgesheim, Rhineland-Palatinate. The team is part of a larger sports club that also has departments for basketball, tennis, and general fitness.
__TOC__
History.
Like other clubs throughout the country, "Waldalgesheim" struggled through World War I, but survived the conflict to become C-Klasse champions on the strength of an undefeated season in 1926–27, and followed up that success with a B-Klasse title the following year. By 1930 the club were owners of their own playing field and were still part of B-Klasse competition before the outbreak of World War II. The first team side suspended operations during the war, while the youth team remained active. "SV" resumed play in 1946 and by 1950 was playing in the 2. Amateurliga Rheinland (IV). For nearly two decades the club remained in local level A- and B-Klasse competition.
They played in the 2. Amateurliga Rheinhessen and Bezirksliga Rheinhessen through the 70s before backsliding. A return to Bezirksliga play in 1989 was followed by a slow climb up through the Landesliga Südwest/Ost (VI) (1997–2004) into the Verbandsliga Südwest (V) before a second place result put "Waldalgesheim" into the Oberliga Südwest for the 2008–09 season.
The club remained at this level for four seasons but was relegated again in 2012 after finishing 17th in the league. It made an immediate return to the Oberliga after a Verbandsliga title in 2013.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
The sports field at the Waldstraße has capacity for 2000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="18748648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748648" title="Timeline of transport in Oslo">
Timeline of transport in Oslo

Timeline of transport in Oslo covers key incidents within transport in Oslo, the capital of Norway.
The first railway opened in 1854, in 1875 the first horsecar tramway and in 1966 the rapid transit.

</doc>
<doc id="18748651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748651" title="Jackson Terrace Historic District">
Jackson Terrace Historic District

Jackson Terrace Historic District is a historic district at 43-59 Jackson St., Jackson Court, Jackson Terr., and 58-62 Newberry Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18748681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748681" title="Ipswich Mills Historic District">
Ipswich Mills Historic District

The Ipswich Mills Historic District encompasses a major textile mill complex and associated worker housing along the Ipswich River near the center of Ipswich, Massachusetts. The district includes the factories of the Ipswich Mill Company (off Union and Estes Streets), and several blocks of modest worker cottages mostly on side streets off Estes and Kimball Streets. The site had been used as for mills since the 17th century, and was purchased by the Ipswich Mill Company (owned by textile magnate Amos Adams Lawrence) in 1868. Mill worker housing was built surrounding the complex through the early 20th century, when River Court, Peatfield Street, and 1st through 6th Streets were laid out.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18748691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748691" title="Padded Room (album)">
Padded Room (album)

Padded Room is the fourth but second official studio album by American rapper Joe Budden, released on February 24, 2009. It is the follow-up to his 2003 self-titled debut. Recording sessions for the album took place from 2007 to 2008; at Bennett Studios in Englewood, New Jersey, Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, California and Sundance Studios in Jersey City, New Jersey, and it was mixed and mastered at Cyber Sound Studio in New York City. The record features guest appearances from Emanny, Drew Hudson, The Game and the Junkyard Gang. The album's release was supported by the single "The Future" featuring The Game, and two promotional singles – "In My Sleep" and "Exxxes".
"Padded Room" debuted at number 42 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart and number two on the Top Independent Albums chart, with 13,451 copies sold in the first week of release. Many people in the entertainment industry had high expectations for "Padded Room". Upon its release, the album received generally favorable reviews from music critics. "The New York Times" gave the rap album a favorable review, and "IGN" gave it 8.2/10. It was widely promoted, but its success was less than moderate.
Background.
In an interview with "Billboard.com", Joe Budden said that the album is completed. He added that it would basically be "in the same vein as 'Mood Muzik,' just a little more structure and the mood will probably be a little lighter."
At the time he was signed to Def Jam, the New York/New Jersey rapper had intended to release a second album entitled "The Growth". But it was scuttled by a deteriorating relationship with Def Jam, and a rumored feud with Jay-Z who became the President and CEO of the record label in 2004. Joe Budden commented on his disagreements with his former label, saying "The relationship went sour over the years, not something that just happened spontaneously or instantly. It was kind of a developing process." Yet, he did acknowledge that Def Jam's changing of the guard in 2004, after his debut's release, was not good for his career. He explained that the people that signed him to the record label and had so much faith and belief in him weren't the ones who were in charge anymore. If the people who are running Def Jam now were in charge in 2002-2003, he doubt that he ever would have been signed to a deal.
Once "Padded Room" is released, Joe Budden hoped there won't be another long wait before his third studio album. He confirmed "I'm in the studio every single day, vibing and coming up with ideas. There's always music around to put out, so you'll hear more from me sooner than later, I hope."
Due to complications with the physical product, the album was pushed back from October 28, 2008 to February 24, 2009. Until then, Joe Budden and Amalgam Digital decided to release "Halfway House", a digital-only album featuring fourteen brand new songs, on October 28 as a prequel to the album. "Halfway House" is the first digital-only hip hop release employing both traditional marketing methods (commercial radio, video, advertising campaigns, etc.) and new media viral marketing initiatives. Joe Budden apologized to his fans, saying "Though I'm not happy about it being pushed so far back, I do understand the method behind the madness. We've got an album that I’m extremely proud of and a lead single that Amalgam Digital and I are both very happy with, but for those of you who are just as anxious as I am, I apologize."
Recording and production.
"Padded Room" was recorded from 2007 and 2008 at Bennett Studios in Englewood, New Jersey, Glenwood Place Studios in Burbank, California, and Sundance Studios in Jersey City, New Jersey. The album's production was handled by Blastah Beatz, Fyu-chur, MoSS, Dub B, Versatile, Qwan, Dilemma and The Klasix. The album was mixed and mastered at Cyber Sound Studio in New York City by Jeremy Page. 
In January 2008, Joe Budden told "Billboard.com" that "Padded Room" is completed. "It basically will be in the same vein as 'Mood Muzik,' just a little more structure and the mood will probably be a little lighter. I'm definitely pleased with the direction that it's going." He added that the album "sounds like Joe Budden. I can't really say it sounds like the times, because the times right now I'm not too fond of. I'm not too big on how that sound is going. But Joe Budden fans will get what they're accustomed to, and there's music on there for the casual listener as opposed to 'Mood Muzik,' which is not for the casual fan."
Amalgam partnered with Ustream to broadcast Joe Budden's studio session live on August 21, 2008. The fans had the opportunity to chat with the rapper before watching him live in studio as he puts the finishing touches on his album. In the studio session he finished "Exxxes" and "Happy Holidays".
Singles.
The lead single, "The Future" featuring The Game, was released on December 30, 2008. On February 16, 2009, "In My Sleep," was leaked onto the Internet as a promotional single. Its music video, directed by Rik Cordero, was released on March 14, 2009. Joe Budden filmed a music video for the song "Exxxes," for which the behind the scenes footage was released on March 9, 2009. On April 14, 2009, the music video was released. 
Critical reception.
"Padded Room" opened up to generally favorable reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album has received an average score of 70, based on 5 reviews. Jesal 'Jay Soul' Padania of RapReviews gave the album a 7.5 out of ten, saying "Therefore, whoever had the final say-so on the beat selection is the main culprit for the failings on the album - if it was Joe Budden himself, then more shame him, because he also turns in a superb lyrical performance that rap fans will appreciate as one of the most interesting efforts in recent hip hop history." Evan Rytlewski of "Prefix Magazine" gave the album a seven out of ten, saying "On his 2003 debut, he was arrogant and scattered, too often losing his train of thought and reaching for throwaway puns. The Joe Budden on "Padded Room", however, is focused and hungry, spinning dense, psychological yarns that build for dozens and dozens of bars. Budden scratched and clawed for his second chance, and he hasn't squandered it." 
PopMatters's Andrew Martin gave the album a seven out of ten, saying ""Padded Room" is still a solid, well-crafted effort. Budden has not slouched at all in his six years 'out' of the game, though that’s clearly not accurate as his mixtapes have more than filled any possible void. But there is still plenty for him to accomplish if he wants to have a classic under his belt. And if his shit-talking and online presence is any indication, he will likely not settle until he has a classic album of his very own." Jon Caramanica of "The New York Times" noted "while Joe Budden is enamored of his rhymes, which are taut, intricate and structurally varied, he raps in a scraped-up monotone, a technician first and stylist second." Ivan Rott of About.com gave the album three and a half stars out of five, saying "For so long, Joe Budden has been deemed the ultimate mixtape rapper, but with "Padded Room", perhaps he can begin to commence the discography and career he and his fans have sought after for so long. Independent hip-hop and it's a thing to celebrate. And support." Andres Vasquez of HipHopDX gave the album a 3.5 out of five, saying "Joe Budden has released a candid and thought provoking piece of work. It's something that many fans have been waiting for. Even with miscues on board, it's still the album mainstream rappers attempt to make on paper, and the kind of writing that many independents can't seem to keep up with." 
"IGN" reviewer, Alfred H. Leonard, III, gave the album an 8.2 out of ten, stating "Joe's talent is undeniable as he effortlessly paints vivid pictures of his life and allows his audience to see a real person rather than a faux rap persona." Jason Reynolds of Okayplayer gave the album 84 out of a 100, saying "Like most of Joe Budden's work, "Padded Room", is sad. But it's good. Which makes me happy. Maybe that's Joe Budden's appeal. Maybe he shows us our humanness, our misery, and the resilience it takes to grow. Or that insanity might be normal, and that we all are in need of a padded room. Either way, this Padded Room is worth a visit." DJBooth reviewer, Nathan S., gave the album four "spins" out of five, saying "In the end, if Budden belongs in a padded room it's because he's self-destructively focused on making music that matters, and if that's crazy, I don't want to be sane." Damien Scoot of "XXL" gave the album an "XL", saying "Lyrically, Joe crafts a masterpiece, opening the door to the mind of a disturbed yet misunderstood soul. Sadly, the album's beat selections, at times, don't match. There are no throwaways to speak of, but tracks like the '80s-rock-inspired 'Don't Make Me' and the retro pop 'My Life' just aren't as innovative as the lyrics atop them. Whatever the case, "Padded Room" proves that, when it comes to heartfelt hip-hop, it's good to be crazy."
Personnel.
Credits for "Padded Room" adapted from Allmusic and from the album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18748694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748694" title="Intervale Factory">
Intervale Factory

The Intervale Factory is a historic Late-Victorian factory building at 402 River Street in Haverhill, Massachusetts. The four story brick building was built in 1889 to a design by Perkins & Bancroft for the Ellis and Connor Shoe Manufactory, and was one of a cluster of five factories built in the area that were powered by the Chick Brothers' steam plant. In the 1920s the building was converted to the manufacture of boxes.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It has been converted to residences.

</doc>
<doc id="18748706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748706" title="Dag Hartelius">
Dag Hartelius

Dag Hartelius (born 8 November 1955 in Härnösand) is a Swedish diplomat and the current Permanent Representative of Sweden to the European Union. 
Hartelius has previously been ambassador to Poland 2008–2010, Estonia 2003–2008, stationed in Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Berlin and London and has been vice president and director for the programme for European security at the EastWest Institute in New York.
In 2007, Hartelius participated as a celebrity contestant on the second season of "Tantsud tähtedega", an Estonian version of "Dancing with the Stars". His professional dancing parner was Kristina Tennokese.

</doc>
<doc id="18748707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748707" title="Team Darfur">
Team Darfur

Team Darfur was an international association of athletes devoted to raising awareness of humanitarian crises related to War in Darfur. It is among the many organizations that consider the War to involve genocide.
Team Darfur attracted greater attention in the run-up to the 2008 Summer Olympics, because the Olympics were located in China, a country widely criticized for its economic involvement in Darfur.
In particular, Team Darfur criticized China's economic and diplomatic support for the Sudanese government headed by Omar al-Bashir. Al-Bashir currently faces genocide charges in the International Criminal Court, which accuses him of masterminding attempts to wipe out African tribes in Darfur with a campaign of murder, rape and deportation carried out using Janjaweed fighters. For its part, China's stated policy in Sudan is to participate in international peacekeeping and diplomatic efforts while having "respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity" and encouraging economic development [http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2008-02/16/content_6460400.htm.
Team Darfur attempted to exert pressure on the Chinese government by associating the Beijing Olympics with China's involvement in Darfur. 
On August 6, 2008, China revoked the entrance visa of Joey Cheek, Team Darfur's president and co-founder, hours before he was scheduled to leave for Beijing. Cheek was not competing in the 2008 Summer Olympics, but had planned attend the games in support of Team Darfur.

</doc>
<doc id="18748711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748711" title="Valeria (telenovela)">
Valeria (telenovela)

Valeria is a Miami, Florida-based Spanish language telenovela produced by Venevisión Productions. The telenovela began airing on Univision on March 10, 2009 at the 2pm/1c timeslot.
Filming of the telenovela ended in September 2008, and it was first released in June 2008 in Ecuador. It aired in Venezuela on July 14, 2009 on Venevisión Plus at the 10pm timeslot with re-airings at 1pm timeslot. It also aired in Spain, Peru, El Salvador, Romania, Croatia, and other countries.
Characters of Leopoldo and Manon are played by the two siblings – Jorge Reyes and his sister Claudia.
Plot.
Leopoldo, member of the Riquelme family, and Valeria, daughter of a poor worker, will have to fight temptations and other situations that force them apart in order to find true love in Miami, because she was raped by Leopoldo's brother Juan Ignacio, who is in protection by his father Samuel, very rich advocate.

</doc>
<doc id="18748712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748712" title="Trần Thủ Độ">
Trần Thủ Độ

Prince Trung Vũ Trần Thủ Độ (1194 – 1264) was a general and leader of the Trần clan during the reign of Lý Huệ Tông and Lý Chiêu Hoàng in the kingdom of Đại Việt, an historical Vietnamese polity centered in the area of modern Hanoi. Trần Thủ Độ was credited for overthrowing the Lý Dynasty and establishing the Trần Dynasty by his arrangement of marriage between the Empress Regnant Chiêu Hoàng and his nephew Trần Cảnh. After the coronation of Trần Cảnh, now Trần Thái Tông, Trần Thủ Độ was appointed grand chancellor and regent of the Emperor. As the most powerful figure of the royal court and the Trần royal family, Trần Thủ Độ was responsible for both civil and military matters in Đại Việt, his successful governing was considered by historical books as the crucial factor that not only led to the stability of the early Trần dynastic period but also contributed to the victory of Đại Việt over the first Mongol invasion. Although a skilled and devoted official of the Trần Dynasty, Trần Thủ Độ still remains a controversial figure in the history of Vietnam for several ruthless decisions to dispose of members of the Lý royal family, and for his responsibility in the forced marriage between Trần Thái Tông and his brother Trần Liễu's wife, Princess Thuận Thiên, which was highly criticized by feudal historians.
Background.
Trần Thủ Độ was born in 1194 as the third son of Trần Hoằng Nghi, a member of the Trần clan in Lưu Gia village (now Hưng Hà, Thái Bình). The Trần clan had made its great fortune by fishing through many generations.
During the troubled time under the reign of Lý Cao Tông, the Crown Prince Lý Sảm sought refuge in the family of Trần Lý, Trần Thủ Độ's uncle, and decided to marry his beautiful daughter Trần Thị Dung in 1209. Afterward, members of the Trần clan helped Lý Cao Tông and Lý Sảm restore their rule in Thăng Long. As a result, the Emperor appointed several members of the Trần clan to high positions in the royal court: they included Tô Trung Từ, who was uncle of Trần Thị Dung, as well as Trần Tự Khánh and Trần Thừa who were Trần Lý's sons. In 1211 the Crown Prince Lý Sảm was enthroned as Lý Huệ Tông after the death of Lý Cao Tông; the Trần clan's power at court continued to increase. After the death of Trần Tự Khánh in 1223, Trần Thừa was appointed to the highest military position at the royal court, while his cousin Trần Thủ Độ took charge of the royal guard (Vietnamese: Điện tiền chỉ huy sứ).
History.
Overthrowing the Lý Dynasty.
In October 1224, Lý Huệ Tông ceded the throne to his youngest daughter, the Princess Chiêu Thánh, now the Empress Regnant Lý Chiêu Hoàng. Chiêu Hoàng was only six at that time, and all important decisions in royal court were made by members of the Trần clan. Trần Thủ Độ arranged a marriage between Chiêu Hoàng and Trần Cảnh, the eight-year-old son of Trần Thừa. With Trần Cảnh being the Empress Regnant's husband, Trần Thủ Độ was able to overthrow the Lý Dynasty by making Lý Chiêu Hoàng pass the throne to Trần Cảnh, now Trần Thái Tông, in 1225. After the coronation of his son, Trần Thừa acted as Regent of the Emperor, but it was Trần Thủ Độ in the position of Grand Chancellor (Vietnamese: thái sư) who decided both military and civil matters in the royal court; he was respectfully called by Trần Thái Tông and Father of the Nation (Quốc thượng phụ).
After the collapse of the Lý Dynasty, Trần Thủ Độ was afraid that the newly established Trần Dynasty might be dislodged by its political opponents; therefore he continued ruthlessly to eliminate members of Lý royal family. On the eighth day of the tenth lunar month (October 30) 1226, he forced the former emperor Lý Huệ Tông, who had already abdicated his power, to commit suicide. Trần Thủ Độ married Huệ Tông's former empress, Princess Thiên Cực Trần Thị Dung, who was also Trần Thủ Độ's cousin. These actions were criticized by historian Ngô Sĩ Liên in his "Đại Việt sử kí toàn thư" as inhumane, though their purpose was to reinforce the reign of Trần Thái Tông. It has been alleged that Trần Thủ Độ decided to massacre members of the Lý royal family in August 1232 during the death anniversary of Lý emperors held in Thái Đường, Hoa Lâm (now Nam Trực, Nam Định). However, the authenticity of this account was challenged by the historian Ngô Sĩ Liên, because a member of the Lý clan was still appointed as general by Trần Anh Tông and there is no mention this event in Phan Phu Tiên's historical record.
Strengthening the reign of Trần Thái Tông.
Trần Thái Tông was enthroned when he was only an 8-year-old boy and there were several revolts in Đại Việt at that time so Trần Thủ Độ had to devote all of his efforts to consolidating the rule of Thái Tông in the royal court and over the country. Right after the coronation of the Emperor in 1226, Nguyễn Nộn and Đoàn Thượng rose a revolt in the mountainous region of Bắc Giang and Hải Dương, by both military and diplomatic measures such as sending army to pacify or even awarding two leaders of the revolt by the title Prince (Vương), Trần Thủ Độ was able to put down this revolt in 1229.
According to "Đại Việt sử kí toàn thư", Thái Tông and his wife, the Empress Chiêu Thánh, did not have their first son for a while, this situation in the royal family made grand chancellor Trần Thủ Độ worried because he had profited the same circumstance of the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông to overthrow the Lý Dynasty. Therefore in 1237 Trần Thủ Độ decided to force Trần Liễu to give up his wife Princess Thuận Thiên for the Emperor when she had been already pregnant with Trần Quốc Khang for three months. After the royal marriage, Thuận Thiên was entitled the new empress of the Trần Dynasty while Chiêu Thánh was downgraded to princess. In the fury of losing his pregnant wife, Trần Liễu rose a revolt against the royal family, meanwhile Thái Tông felt awkward about the situation and decided to become a monk in Yên Tử Mountain. Finally Trần Thủ Độ successfully persuaded Thái Tông to return to the throne and Trần Liễu had to surrender after judging that he could not stand with his fragile force. All soldiers who participated in this revolt were killed, Trần Thủ Độ even wanted to behead Trần Liễu but was stopped by Thái Tông. Vietnamese historians in dynastic era such as Ngô Sĩ Liên or Phan Phu Tiên often criticized decisions of Trần Thủ Độ and Trần Thái Tông in this event and considered it as origin for the downfall of the Trần Dynasty afterwards during the reign of Trần Dụ Tông.
In 1257, the Trần Dynasty had to face the first Mongol invasion. In the beginning, the Đại Việt army suffered several defeats by an overwhelming force which had already conquered vast areas of Asia. Several high-ranking officials of the Trần Dynasty were so scared that Prince Khâm Thiên Trần Nhật Hiệu, younger brother of Thái Tông, even suggested to the Emperor that they might escape from Đại Việt to the Song Dynasty. When the concerned emperor asked Trần Thủ Độ about the situation of the Trần Dynasty, the grand chancellor answered with a famous phrase:
Indeed, the Trần Dynasty was able to drive back the invasion and ultimately restored the peace in Đại Việt in 1257.
Until his death in January 1264, Trần Thủ Độ still actively contributed to the royal court. He was posthumously entitled as Prince Trung Vũ (Trung Vũ đại vương).
Legacy.
Almost all historical accounts agree that it was no one else but Trần Thủ Độ who deserved credit for the birth of the Trần Dynasty, "Khâm định Việt sử Thông giám cương mục" commented that maybe for that reason temple name of the first emperor of the Trần Dynasty was Thái Tông, which was often used for the second emperor of a dynasty, instead of Thái Tổ as usual.
Despite his lack of learning, Trần Thủ Độ was praised as a skilled and devoted official of the Trần Dynasty, the ruling dynasty which was found by his very own effort. As a result, the grand chancellor held a position in royal court which was so powerful that he was suspected by some of overruling the Emperor. Once there was a person who went to the Emperor to report him about this suspicion, Thái Tông immediately visited Trần Thủ Độ's place with this man and made him tell everything in front of the grand chancellor. After hearing the story, Trần Thủ Độ not only accepted that the man had somewhat his reason but also awarded him for being concerned for the Trần Dynasty. His successful governing was considered by historical books as the main factor that not only led to the stability of Early Trần period but also contributed to the victory of Đại Việt over the first Mongol invasion.
Trần Thủ Độ was also an honest mandarin who never profited his high position for the benefit of his family. It was said that one time the Emperor wanted to appointed Trần Thủ Độ's elder brother Trần An Quốc for the position of grand chancellor. Trần Thủ Độ politely declined the Emperor's request by an answer: "An Quốc is my brother, if he is better than me then I had better retire from the position, but if Your Majesty think that I am better than him, so please not appoint him for grand chancellor. Because if we hold the same position then what royal court will become?". For his dedication, the Emperor personally redacted an epitaph for Trần Thủ Độ in his tomb. However, Trần Thủ Độ still remains as a controversial figure in History of Vietnam for his ruthless decisions against members of Lý royal family and his responsibility in the forced marriage between Trần Thái Tông and his brother Trần Liễu's wife, which was highly criticized by feudal historians. Sometimes, his Machiavellian figure was compared with Dorgon, the powerful general who helped establish the Qing Dynasty's rule in China, or Cardinal Mazarin who was chief minister of France for 20 years.
Today, the role of Trần Thủ Độ in the history of Vietnam is always a matter for debate between modern historians. For this reason, it was not until 2008 that a new street in Hanoi was named in honour of Trần Thủ Độ, a decision which is still met with some opposition from public opinion. Unlike his relatives Trần Hưng Đạo or Trần Quang Khải, the grand chancellor of the Trần Dynasty is worshipped in only one place in Hanoi which is the Cầu Đông Pagoda. However, on the occasion of the millenary anniversary of Hanoi, the Feature Film Studio 1 decided to invest 2.66 million USD for a 30-episode television movie named "Trần Thủ Độ" which will focus on his life and the turbulent period of the Late Lý and Early Trần Dynasty. In theatre, on the contrary, there were several plays which exploited the controversial role of Trần Thủ Độ in history such as "Rừng trúc" ("Bamboo Forest") by the writer Nguyễn Huy Tưởng or "Anh hùng và mỹ nhân" ("The Hero and the Beauty") by Chu Thơm. According to the stage director Lê Hùng, the life full of events of Trần Thủ Độ was a good source of inspiration in theatre because the play could focus on his inner feelings when Trần Thủ Độ had to act ruthlessly toward Lý clan for the benefit of his own Trần clan.
Family.
Trần Thủ Độ had one wife, Lady Linh Từ Trần Thị Dung, who was entitled as Mother of the Nation (Linh Từ quốc mẫu). She was daughter of Trần Lý, uncle of Trần Thủ Độ, and the former empress of the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông. She had an important role in the reconciliation between Trần Thái Tông and his brother Trần Liễu, Lady Linh Từ also had many activities to help the royal family during the Mongol invasion. Trần Thủ Độ's son Trần Duyệt and his grandson Trần Văn Lộng were both granted by the Emperor the title marquis as Marquis Nhân Thành (Nhân Thành hầu) and Marquis Chương Hoài (Chương Hoài thượng hầu) respectively, during the second Mongol invasion of Đại Việt, Trần Văn Lộng was one of the highest-ranking officials and royal members of Trần Dynasty who defected to the Yuan Dynasty side.

</doc>
<doc id="18748731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748731" title="Howe Village Historic District">
Howe Village Historic District

The Howe Village Historic District is a historic district in Boxford, Massachusetts.
The area was settled in 1684 by Richerd Himing (1658–1699). The district features Colonial and Federal style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18748737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748737" title="Bird Islands (Nunavut)">
Bird Islands (Nunavut)

The uninhabited Bird Islands are located in Foxe Basin, closer to the Melville Peninsula than to Baffin Island. They are part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region, in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.

</doc>
<doc id="18748745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748745" title="Kostyantyn Makhnovskyi">
Kostyantyn Makhnovskyi

Kostyantyn Makhnovskyi (; born 1 January 1989 in Horodysche, in the Cherkasy Oblast) is a Ukrainian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for FC Sevastopol.
Career.
Club.
Makhnovskyi began his career with Dynamo Kyiv, however he only played in the reserves. 
In 2007, he joined Piotrcovia Piotrków Trybunalski, where he played twice during the 2007/2008 season. During the winter break, he was loaned out by ŁKS Łódź, where he was a backup goalkeeper and appeared in two league matches. 
Before the 2008/2009 season, he signed a contract with Legia Warszawa. He made his league debut in September 2010.
In February 2011, he was loaned to FC Obolon Kyiv on half year deal.
Right before the start of the 2012–13 Ukrainian First League season Makhnovskyi was sold by Obolon to FC Sevastopol; this lead to internal conflicts within Obolon that eventually caused the dissolvement of Obolon in February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18748746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748746" title="Teri Clemens">
Teri Clemens

Teri Clemens is a retired American volleyball coach. Clemens served as the head coach at Washington University in St. Louis for 14 years, where she led the Bears to seven NCAA Division III national championships, including six consecutive from 1991-96.
Early life.
Before taking over for Washington University, she served as the head coach at Incarnate Word Academy in Saint Louis, Missouri, where she accumulated a 155-15 record with three Missouri State championships in 1982, 1983 and 1984.
Washington University.
Washington University dominated Division III under Clemens, as they won the NCAA Division III national championship seven times, including an unprecedented six in a row from 1991-96. Clemens coached the Bears for fourteen seasons, from 1985-1998. She holds the NCAA Division III record for career-winning percentage of .873.
Aside from coaching, Clemens served on the AVCA All-America Committee as the chair of the South Region and was an AVCA poll voter. She also served as the Division III representative on the AVCA Board of Directors from 1990-93. During her time on the board, the AVCA instituted the Division III national poll to provide publicity for schools playing at the Division III level. She was inducted into the AVCA Hall of Fame in 2004.
Clemens graduated from Parkway West Senior High School in 1974. Following her tenure at Washington University, Clemens gave the commencement address at PWSH graduation.

</doc>
<doc id="18748749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748749" title="David Waterston">
David Waterston

David Waterston is a New Zealand rugby union coach. David was appointed in 1995 by the South African Rugby Union as technical analyst, and worked with legendary coach Kitch Christie. Waterston and Christie led the Springboks to become the first African country
to win a Webb Ellis Cup title. Waterston was famous for his tactics and was a key in the Springboks against and the n team in the same year, which were both expected to win the 1995 Rugby World Cup.
He was briefly in charge of Tonga, in 1999. Later, he become coach of Namibia for the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals. In the tournament Namibia lost all the four matches, and reached a loss record of 142-0 to Australia. During the 2003 Rugby World Cup, Waterston faced sanctions from the International Rugby Board after claiming that referees favoured the senior established teams over the emerging countries such as Namibia.
After retiring from professional coaching, Waterston continued his role of CEO at W4 Group, a specialised insurance risk administrator and broker company.

</doc>
<doc id="18748757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748757" title="Howe Barn">
Howe Barn

The Howe Barn is a historic barn, that has been converted into a house, in Ipswich, Massachusetts, USA, at 421 Linebrook Road (403 before the street was renumbered). It is important as one of a small number of surviving First Period barn frames in Essex County. Family tradition places the construction of the barn to c. 1711 by Abraham Howe, an early settler of the Linebrook Road area. Elements of the frame, which are still visible in the attic and some areas left exposed during the 1948 conversion to a house, bear some resemblance to a similar period barn at the Stanley Lake House in nearby Topsfield.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748761" title="Joel Engardio">
Joel Engardio

Joel P. Engardio (born September 17, 1972) is a columnist for the San Francisco Examiner. He is an award-winning journalist, documentary filmmaker and civil liberties advocate. Engardio was the only candidate endorsed by the San Francisco Chronicle in his 2012 race for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. He finished close to third in a nine-candidate field. Engardio was the first openly gay supervisor candidate to run in San Francisco’s conservative District 7, where half the voters in some precincts supported a 2008 ban on gay marriage.[http://www.engardio.com/video-pbs-knocking.html Engardio's PBS documentary "Knocking" won the jury award for Best Documentary at the USA Film Festival. At the American Civil Liberties Union, Engardio combined reporting and multimedia storytelling skills to pioneer more effective ways to mount lawsuits and communicate public education efforts. He was the ACLU’s first “story finder” and implemented a process that applied journalism methods to plaintiff-finding.Engardio found plaintiffs who had narratives that played well in both the court of law and public opinion. He also started a video department that produced shorts for online audiences, which prompted mainstream media to cover the same stories.[http://www.engardio.com/video-aclu.html
Career.
Joel Engardio has won numerous journalism and documentary film awards, for work that appeared on PBS and in USA Today, Washington Post.com and San Francisco Weekly. He was written for the Los Angeles Times, Boston Globe, New York Times, San Francisco Chronicle, Christian Science Monitor and P.O.V. magazine. In radio, he has written essays broadcast on NPR’s "This I Believe" series and KQED-San Francisco’s "Perspectives".[http://www.engardio.com/spoken-radio.html In television, Engardio worked as an associate producer for ABC News at the news magazine "20/20" and the network's documentary unit, "Turning Point". Engardio wrote, narrated and directed "Knocking", a documentary on Jehovah’s Witnesses that was nationally broadcast in the United States on the PBS series "Independent Lens" in 2007.It was named Best Documentary at the 2006 USA Film Festival. "Knocking" was also broadcast in Australia, Canada, Greece and Israel. It was released on DVD in English, Spanish, Portuguese, Korean and Russian.[http://www.knocking.org/ In public relations, Engardio worked as a senior media strategist for Manning Selvage & Lee in San Francisco. He also organized a national outreach campaign for his PBS documentary and was a media consultant for Stanford University’s Asian Liver Center and Jade Ribbon Campaign.Engardio received a Master in Public Administration from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government in 2011, with classes at Harvard Business and Law Schools. He was a mid-career student on scholarship from the Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy. After graduating, he was asked to help teach negotiation at Harvard Law School.[http://www.engardio.com/video-gooddeath.html Engardio currently serves on the board of directors of Plan C, a San Francisco policy group that advocates for moderate solutionsand the Alice B. Toklas LGBT Democratic Club[http://www.alicebtoklas.org/2013-bod/.
Awards.
Engardio won a national opinion writing award at the 2010 American Academy of Religion Journalism Awards.His short film "Voices from Guantanamo" received the Global Justice Award at the 2010 Media That Matters Film Festival, with screenings in New York and London.[http://www.mediathatmattersfest.org/films/justice_denied/ His film "Knocking" was named Best Documentary at the 2006 USA Film Festival. Engardio was the recipient of the 2000 National Press Foundation award for science writing. In 2003, his opinion writing was recognized with a first place award by the Society of Professional Journalists in Northern California. He was a finalist for the Eugene S. Pulliam National Journalism Writing Award in 2000. Engardio was also a finalist for the University of Missouri 1999 national writing award in multicultural journalism.
Background.
Engardio graduated from the Harvard University Kennedy School of Government in 2011 with a Master in Public Administration. He attended Harvard on a full-tuition scholarship from the Shorenstein Center on the Press, Politics and Public Policy. His undergraduate degree is from Michigan State University, where he majored in journalism and history. He was born and raised in Saginaw, Michigan where his mother was the only member of a large Italian Catholic family to become one of Jehovah's Witnesses. Engardio never joined the faith.He currently lives in San Francisco. Engardio has completed six marathons: Chicago (twice), New York, San Francisco, San Jose and Seattle. His best time was 3 hours 49 minutes.[http://athlinks.com/racer/results/60835599 He also rode a bicycle 545 miles over seven days from San Francisco to Los Angeles for the AIDS Lifecyle charity.
Political Campaign.
In 2012, Engardio was the only candidate endorsed by the San Francisco Chronicle in his race for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. The Chronicle said Engardio “lacks the financial backing of his rivals, yet he’s rich with ideas.” Engardio finished close to third in a field of nine candidates. He was the first openly gay supervisor candidate to run in San Francisco’s conservative District 7, where half the voters in some precincts supported a 2008 ban on gay marriage.[http://www.sfbaytimes.com/?sec=article&article_id=16837]
Knocking Documentary.
Engardio's documentary film "Knocking" explored how the unpopular religion of Jehovah's Witnesses played a major role in First Amendment history, setting Supreme Court precedents that expanded individual liberties for all Americans. In interviews, Engardio said "Knocking" is not about the theology of Jehovah's Witnesses but instead uses the religion as a case study to examine how disparate and disagreeable groups can hold their unique beliefs without marginalizing or limiting the freedom of others. "We may not be each others' cup of tea," Engardio said on NPR, "but tolerance allows a variety of kettles to peacefully share the stove." "Knocking" won several film festival awards and was covered in Newsweek, USA Today and newspapers across the United States. Entertainment Weekly named it "What to Watch" for the week of May 20, 2007. Critics of Jehovah's Witnesses said the film did not deal harshly enough with controversies surrounding the religion, like the practice of shunning. Engardio told film festival audiences that "Knocking" contained criticism organic to the film's storylines. Engardio has written Washington Post essays critical of Jehovah's Witness practices, including shunning and refusal of blood transfusions.[http://newsweek.washingtonpost.com/onfaith/guestvoices/2010/02/witnesses_blood_and_spiritual_complications.html Engardio has also written essays for the Washington Post and USA Today about civil rights issues involving Jehovah's Witnesses outside the scope of his film. Most notable was the 2010 ruling by a federal judge that overturned California's ban on gay marriage, in which the key legal precedent cited by the judge was a 1943 Supreme Court case won by Jehovah's Witnesses.Another Washington Post essay by Engardio warns that a ban on Jehovah's Witnesses in Russia is a dangerous precedent that could lead to the loss of freedoms for other unpopular groups in the emerging democracy.[http://newsweek.washingtonpost.com/onfaith/guestvoices/2009/12/russias_ban_on_jehovahs_witnesses.html

</doc>
<doc id="18748765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748765" title="House on Labor-in-Vain Road">
House on Labor-in-Vain Road

The House on Labor-in-Vain Road is a historic house in Ipswich, Massachusetts. The late First Period house is located on Labor-in-Vain Road, at the end of a long private lane, on a sizable estate. The main part of the wood frame house is 2.5 stories with a central chimney. This section shows details of construction that contain both First Period and early Georgian features, such as a turned staircase railing, and shares features in common with the nearby Smith House on Argilla Road. There have been three major additions: the first, in 1810, add a wing to the left side of the house. A full leanto was added to the house rear around the turn of the 20th century, and another extension was added on the rear, probably when the house was used as clubhouse for a golf club that occupied the estate.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748768" title="Mark Mullins (hurler)">
Mark Mullins (hurler)

Mark Mullins is a former Irish sportsperson. A native of Muine Bheag, County Carlow he played hurling at various times with his local clubs Erin's Own and Na Piarsaigh as well as with the Carlow and Cork senior inter-county teams in the 1990s. Mullins captained Cork in 1996, however, he enjoyed little success with the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18748780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748780" title="House at 922 Dale Street">
House at 922 Dale Street

The House at 922 Dale Street is a historic First Period house in North Andover, Massachusetts. It is a 2.5 story wood frame house, five bays wide, with a small side porch and a rear single story addition. The oldest part of the house is the right rear portion, which is sestimated to have been built in the first quarter of the 18th century, along with a central chimney. Sometime between 1740 and 1780 rooms were added to its left. A major renovation during the Federal period removed the central chimney (replacing it with the extant twin chimneys), and added rooms in front of the earlier ones, giving the main block of the house its rectangular shape. The interior has some well preserved Federal period details.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18748789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748789" title="Bird Islands">
Bird Islands

Bird Islands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18748793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748793" title="House at 9 Park Street">
House at 9 Park Street

House at 9 Park Street is a historic house at 9 Park Street in Methuen, Massachusetts.
According to the assessor's records the house at 9 Park Street was built in 1876 at a value of $950. A notice in the Methuen Transcript says local builder Albert Fales built an addition in 1880. according to an 1885 directory, the first owner was John W. Mann of Tompkins and Mann (paint and oil vendors), 191 Essex Street, Lawrence, Massachusetts. Mrs. Mann still occupied the house as of 1906.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748802" title="House at 526 Prospect Street">
House at 526 Prospect Street

The House at 526 Prospect Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well preserved Greek Revival house built c. 1840. The 2.5 story wood frame building features a center chimney plan, with a main entry centered on a five bay facade and the right side of a gabled three bay end. The building corners are pilastered, and both doorways feature entablatures and transom windows above; the side entrance also has sidelights.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748811" title="Balasubramaniam">
Balasubramaniam

Balasubramaniam (or Balasubrahmanyam) ( Telugu: బాల సుబ్రహ్మణ్యం, Tamil: பாலசுப்ரமணியம் or பாலசுப்பிரமணியம், (Kannada: ಬಾಲಸುಬ್ರಹ್ಮಣ್ಯಂ is a South Indian name. It is derived from the Sanskrit words "balu" meaning "young," and Subramaniam (itself derived from the Sanskrit words "su", meaning "auspicious" and "brahmanyam", meaning effulgence of Brahman (ultimate reality), translating loosely as "auspicious effulgence of the Supreme Spirit"). By extension, it refers to the Hindu god Murugan as a child or young man, the way the term Balakrishna refers to the young Krishna.

</doc>
<doc id="18748825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748825" title="House at 50 Pelham Street">
House at 50 Pelham Street

The House at 50 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well preserved Italianate house and barn. Built sometime in the 1870s, the 2.5 story wood frame house features typical Italianate decorations, including extended bracketed eaves (not just on the roof but also on projecting window lintels), doubled brackets in the gable eaves, and a round-arch window in the gable end. The barn at the back of the property is a simple wood frame structure that appears to date to the same period as the house.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748833" title="House at 491 Prospect Street">
House at 491 Prospect Street

The House at 491 Prospect Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is locally significant as an excellent example of a Shingle Style house of the type built for well-to-do businessmen in Methuen and Lawrence around the turn of the 20th century. The three story wood frame building was built c. 1900. One of its principal decorative features at the time of its listing on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 was a Palladian window in the gable, around which square-cut shingles had been arranged in a keystone motif. This detail has since been lost due the application of new siding.
Other details of note include curved exterior corners, a window recessed in a bay with curved walls, and small decorative rectangular and oval windows. The property also includes a period carriage house.

</doc>
<doc id="18748838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748838" title="House at 4 Birch Avenue">
House at 4 Birch Avenue

The House at 4 Birch Avenue in Methuen, Massachusetts is a Bungalow-style house built c. 1910. Its style, uncommon in the area, is reminiscent of period architecture in California. It is a two story wood frame structure with a porch that is faced in fieldstone, and has oversized turned balusters between square fieldstone pillars. On the right side, the porch has a rounded corner that is topped by a conical roof section.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748847" title="House at 306 Broadway">
House at 306 Broadway

The House at 306 Broadway in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well preserved example of a modest Greek Revival house built c. 1830. It is of a type that was somewhat common in Methuen from the 1830s to the 1850s. It is a 1.5 story wood frame structure with its gable end facing the street, but its entry centered on the long side wall. The front was originally three asymmetrically located windows, but this has since been replaced by a virtual wall of five windows. The corners of the house are pilastered in typical Greek Revival fashion, and the gable end has a deep cornice. The main entrance is centered on the five bay side wall, and features a transom window over the door.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748850" title="Complex analytic space">
Complex analytic space

In mathematics, a complex analytic space is a generalization of a complex manifold which allows the presence of singularities. Complex analytic spaces are locally ringed spaces which are locally isomorphic to local model spaces, where a local model space is an open subset of the vanishing locus of a finite set of holomorphic functions.
Definition.
Denote the constant sheaf on a topological space with value formula_1 by formula_2. A formula_1-space is a locally ringed space formula_4 whose structure sheaf is an algebra over formula_2.
Choose an open subset formula_6 of some complex affine space formula_7, and fix finitely many holomorphic functions formula_8 in formula_6. Let formula_10 be the common vanishing locus of these holomorphic functions, that is, formula_11. Define a sheaf of rings on formula_12 by letting formula_13 be the restriction to formula_12 of formula_15, where formula_16 is the sheaf of holomorphic functions on formula_6. Then the locally ringed formula_1-space formula_4 is a local model space.
A complex analytic space is a locally ringed formula_1-space formula_4 which is locally isomorphic to a local model space.
Morphisms of complex analytic spaces are defined to be morphisms of the underlying locally ringed spaces, it is also called holomorphic maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18748857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748857" title="Clarence River (Alaska–Yukon)">
Clarence River (Alaska–Yukon)

Clarence River is a long river that flows through the Yukon Territory of Canada and the U.S. state of Alaska into the Beaufort Sea.
Course.
The Clarence River rises southwest of Mount Paige in the Yukon Territory of Canada and flows northwest and northeast, crossing the border several times into the North Slope Borough of Alaska. It empties out into Clarence Lagoon and finally the Beaufort Sea in the Arctic Ocean.
History.
The river was surveyed in 1826 by British explorer John Franklin as the westernmost river in the then-British territories on the Arctic coast near the line of demarcation with Russia. Franklin named the river Clarence in honor of Lord High Admiral Prince William, Duke of Clarence and St Andrews.
Notes.
Clarence Lagoon is the northwestern-most point of the Yukon Territory, and also of continental Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18748861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748861" title="House at 262-264 Pelham Street">
House at 262-264 Pelham Street

The House at 262-264 Pelham Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a rare Georgian Revival house. The two story house was built in 1920, and is a roughly square center entry plan with a wraparound porch. It has a hipped roof, and is built of concrete and cast stone, building materials that are uncommon in Methuen.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18748862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748862" title="Pat Kenneally">
Pat Kenneally

Pat Kenneally (born 1968 in Newcestown, County Cork) is a former Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club Newcestown and with the Cork senior inter-county teams in the 1990s. Kenneally captained Cork in 1995, however, he enjoyed little success with the senior team. He continued to play with the more junior teams on his club for some years after. He played in four County Finals for his club He also won the Man of the Match award when playing in the 1994 county success with his division Carbery which allowed him to achieve the honour of captaining his county in the 1995 Senior Hurling campaign.
His inter county career began as a Cork minor hurler in 1986. He went on to play u21, Junior and Senior hurling as well as Junior football for Cork. He won an All-Ireland Junior Hurling Championship medal in 1994 and an All-Ireland Junior Football Championship medal in 1989 together with an All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship medal in 1989. He was also a member of the 1990 senior hurling squad who together with the senior footballers achieved an historic double that year. In 1993 he won a National Hurling League medal with Cork after the epic three match saga with Wexford. His last medal was one in the Intermediate Football final of 2001 but he retired form the big ball game after the game which benefitted his hurling enormously for the next number of years.
He attended Hamilton High School in Bandon . At third level he played both Sigerson Cup and Fitzgibbon Cup hurling with UCC He had twice broken the same ankle by the age of 17 . He was regarded a hard but fair competitor . He coached St. Brogans College in Bandon to an All-Ireland success in 2004.
After a few years away from the game at a high level (he played for the 3rds' of Newcestown in 2009 ) he was persuaded to join Valley Rovers. As a neighbouring parish and a club beset with inner turmoil at the time, many regarded this appointment as a poison chalice. However they were to win 3 counties within 2 years (2 football, 1 hurling). In 2010 he was appointed as coach to the Cork Intermediate hurling team. 
External links.
[http://www.hoganstand.com/Cork/Profile.aspx]
[http://www.ballymartlegaa.com/docs/archive/ihcvnn02.htm]
[http://munster.gaa.ie/teams/minorhurling.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18748864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748864" title="Atoc">
Atoc

Atoc was a general and brother of the Inca emperor Huáscar.
After the death of Huáscar's father, Huayna Capac, Atoc was sent north (probably in 1529) to quell the separatists under Huáscars half-brother Atahualpa. Atahualpa was defeated in the battle of Chillopampa Plains and captured, but managed to escape and set up a new army. 
Another battle was fought at Chimborazo, and this time Atahualpa emerged as victor. His general Chalkuchimac reportedly had Atoc mutilated and killed, either by having his head being put to use as a goldened chicha cup or his eyes being torn out and left alone on the field of defeat. His and his co-general Hango's hides were allegedly carved off and used as drums. 
Shortly after, Atahualpa recaptured Tumebamba and Cajamarca and, in April of the following year, Atahualpa's generals seized Cuzco.

</doc>
<doc id="18748865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748865" title="House at 23 East Street">
House at 23 East Street

The House at 23 East Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well preserved Greek Revival cottage. Built in c. 1840, it is a 1.5 story three bay wood frame structure with a side hall entry. Houses similar to this were generally occupied by craftsmen such as boot-, shoe-, and hatmakers. Before large-scale industrialization they were scattered throughout the town.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="18748870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748870" title="Achensee">
Achensee

The Lake Achen is a lake north of Jenbach in Tyrol, Austria. It is the largest lake within the federal state, and has a maximal depth of 133 metres. Together with the Achental valley it parts the Karwendel mountain range in the west from the Brandenberg Alps in the east.
Water quality is near drinking water, with sight up to 10 m below the surface. An alpine lake, water temperature is accordingly low, rarely above 20 °C. Its size and wind conditions make it suitable for windsurfing.
Eben am Achensee, Achenkirch, and Pertisau are municipalities on the lake.
History.
The city of Innsbruck bought the lake in 1919 from the St. Georgenberg-Fiecht Abbey, who had received it from the rulers of Schlitters around 1120.
Powerplant.
Since 1924 the Achensee is managed by the Tiroler Wasserkraft AG (TIWAG), which was founded for this purpose.
Originally, its only outflow was the "Achen Bach" feeding the Isar. Since 1927, when a powerplant in Jenbach was finished, it primarily feeds the Inn, at a level difference of 380 m below. Eight pelton wheels at 500 rpm produce a total of 96 MW.
In winter the level of the lake is lowered by up to 6 metres, accordingly the size of the lake keeps changing. At maximum level the reservoir can store 66 million m³ of water.
Tourism.
When the Unterinntalbahn railway was finished in 1859, tourism started to flourish. In order to make the abbey profit, the first steamboat "St. Josef" was acquired in 1887.
Furthermore the construction of the 7 km long Achenseebahn narrow gauge rack railway was initiated, which went into service in 1889 between Jenbach and "Seespitz". The same year, on July 21 a second steamboat, the "St. Benedikt" went into service. In 1890 the two boats with a capacity of 320 seats transported about 30,000 persons.
In 1911 a third scheduled boat, the "Stella Maris" went into service. It was the first passenger boat on a lake in the Danubian monarchy originally equipped with a diesel engine. The boat was designed for 400 passengers, and featured a particularly silent engine at low rpm, similar to those that later were used in the submarines of World War I.
However, the "Stella Maris" was difficult to manoeuvre. When the lake was bought by the city of Innsbruck in 1919, the boat was renamed into "Stadt Innsbruck". In 1925 a motorboat named "Tirol" was acquired, and in 1927 for the first time more than 100,000 persons were transported.
In 1959 the "St. Benedikt" was replaced with a modern ship of the same name with a diesel engine. In 1971 the "Tirol" was replaced with a larger "Tirol II" for 40 passengers. In 1994 the "MS Tirol" went into service, replacing the "Stadt Innsbruck", and in August 2007 the "MS Stadt Innsbruck" replaced the "St. Benedikt".

</doc>
<doc id="18748873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748873" title="Oadby and Wigston local elections">
Oadby and Wigston local elections

Oadby and Wigston Borough Council in Leicestershire, England is elected every four years. Since the last boundary changes in 2003, 26 councillors have been elected from 10 wards.
Political control.
Since the first election to the council in 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
Council elections.
Oadby and Wigston Council election, 1999
Oadby and Wigston Council election, 2003 (boundary changes took place)
Oadby and Wigston Council election, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="18748877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18748877" title="House at 136 Hampstead Street">
House at 136 Hampstead Street

The House at 136 Hampstead Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is a well-preserved rural Greek Revival farmhouse. It is a nearly square 2.5 story wood frame house, with four window bays on the gable end, two on each side of a central doorway, and five bays on the longer side. The doorway on the gable end retains a decorative surround with a glazed transom and narrow pilasters.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
