<doc id="18797225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797225" title="IDEAL">
IDEAL

iDEAL is an e-commerce payment system used in the Netherlands, based on online banking. Introduced in 2005, this payment method allows customers to buy on the Internet using direct online transfers from their bank account.
iDEAL processed 4.5 million transfers in 2006, 15 million transfers in 2007, 28 million transfers in 2008, 45.4 million in 2009, 68.8 million in 2010, 93.8 million in 2011 117.2 million in 2012 and 142,5 million in 2013. iDEAL is owned by the Dutch organization Currence, which also owns PIN and Chipknip.
The participating banks in iDEAL are ABN AMRO, ASN Bank, Friesland Bank, ING Bank, Knab, Rabobank, RegioBank, SNS Bank, Triodos Bank and Van Lanschot. Together these serve the vast majority of the Dutch online banking market.
Criticism: Whilst the participating banks claim that iDEAL is a secure method of payment it does not offer any form of guarantee against fraud and has been the target of phishing. This is because iDEAL payments cannot be reversed in the case of online fraud.
Process.
iDEAL offers merchants a real-time payment method (publicized as low-cost and virtually risk-free) to accept internet payments. For customers, iDEAL uses the same environment as their banks' online banking sites. A high level of security is realized by using two-factor authentication (2FA), such as a challenge-response access token based on the chip embedded in the debit card or ATM card. Furthermore, no sensitive information is being shared with the merchant, such as credit card numbers. There is no chargeback right however, which can be considered a disadvantage for the consumer using this payment method. This is considered an advantage to the merchants.
iDEAL works as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18797226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797226" title="Bezalel Rudinsky">
Bezalel Rudinsky

Rabbi Bezalel Rudinsky (בצלאל יהודה רודינסקי) (born ) is an Orthodox rabbi who lives in Monsey, New York.
Rabbi Rudinsky is the rabbi of Congregation Ahavas Yitzchok (Agudath Yisroel of Wesley Hills) in Monsey, N.Y., and founder and Rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Ohr Reuven and Rosh Yeshiva of Yeshivas Darchei Noam, both located in Wesley Hills, New York. He is also on the staff of the Association for Hebraic Studies.
Education.
Rabbi Rudinsky was educated at Heichal Hatorah, a yeshiva in the Har Nof neighborhood of Jerusalem, under Rabbi Tzvi Kushelevsky (Rosh Yeshiva of Heichal Hatorah and son-in-law of Rabbi Leib Gurwicz).He also studied in Yeshiva Shaar Hatorah Grodno, under the guidance of Rav Kalman Epstein.
Published works.
The two written works of Rabbi Rudinsky are "Mishkan Bezalel" (Five volumes on the Chumash) and "Hiluchai Hadaf" (Collection of peshat and halachic aspects of the Talmud).
Shiurim.
Rabbi Rudinsky gives many shiurim daily, including shiurim on Navi, Halacha, Parsha, and Yomim Tovim. Many of his shiurim can be listened to or downloaded for free on the Ohr Reuven website (below).

</doc>
<doc id="18797227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797227" title="USS Muskeget (AG-48)">
USS Muskeget (AG-48)

USS "Muskeget" (AG-48/YAG-9) – later known as USCGC "Muskeget" (WAG-48) – was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was outfitted with a variety of guns and depth charge devices and sent on weather patrol in the North Atlantic Ocean. She disappeared with loss of all crew members; it was later determined she had been sunk by a German submarine.
Constructed in Maryland.
"Muskeget" (YAG 9) was built as "Cornish" in 1923 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, Sparrows Point, Maryland; acquired by the Navy 29 December 1941 from Eastern Shipbuilding Lines, Inc., Boston, Massachusetts; converted from a freighter by Sullivan Drydock & Repair Co., New York; and commissioned as "YAG-9" on 3 January 1942.
World War II service.
U.S. Navy service.
Assigned to the 3d Naval District, "YAG-9" performed patrol duty off New York until reclassified "AG-48" and named "Muskeget" on 30 May.
Transferred to the Coast Guard.
One month later, 30 June, the miscellaneous auxiliary was transferred to the U.S. Coast Guard and served with the North Atlantic Weather Patrol into the fall of 1942. She was last reported on station 11 September.
Presumed lost at sea.
When "Muskeget" was overdue in reaching home port later in September, "Muskeget" was presumed lost with its complement of:
Dispositioning.
On 26 October 1943. "Muskeget" was struck from the Navy List.
Subsequent determination.
It was subsequently determined that "Muskeget" was sunk by torpedo by German submarine "U-755" on 9 September 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="18797231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797231" title="Lac d'Arboréiaz">
Lac d'Arboréiaz

Lac d'Arboréiaz is a lake in Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses and Colomieu in the Ain department of France.

</doc>
<doc id="18797238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797238" title="Magadiite">
Magadiite

Magadiite is a hydrous sodium silicate mineral (NaSi7O13(OH)3·4(H2O)) which precipitates from alkali brines as an evaporite phase. It forms as soft (Mohs hardness of 2) white powdery monoclinic crystal masses. The mineral is unstable and decomposes during diagenesis leaving a distinctive variety of chert (Magadi-type chert).
The mineral was first described by Hans P. Eugster in 1967 for an occurrence in Lake Magadi, Olduvai Gorge, Kenya. It is also reported from alkalic intrusive syenites as in Mont Saint-Hilaire, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18797241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797241" title="List of mountains of Wilkes Land">
List of mountains of Wilkes Land

The mountains of Wilkes Land are located in the region Wilkes Land, East Antarctica, between 100°31' E and 136°11' E. This region is part of the Australian Antarctic Territory. The area are highly glaciated. The availability of reliable data for this region is limited, making the list incomplete and inaccurate. The highest peaks, including nunataks and ice domes, are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="18797255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797255" title="Tom Johnson (bareknuckle boxer)">
Tom Johnson (bareknuckle boxer)

Tom Johnson (born Tom Jackling; c. 1750 – 21 January 1797) was a bare-knuckle fighter who was referred to as the Champion of England between 1784 and 1791. His involvement in pugilistic prizefighting is generally seen to have coincided with a renewed interest in the sport. Although a strong man, his success was largely attributed to his technical abilities and his calm, analytical approach to despatching his opponents. But Johnson was less prudent outside the ring; he was a gambler and considered by many of his acquaintances to be an easy mark. He is thought to have earned more money from the sport than any other fighter until nearly a century later, but much of it was squandered.
Johnson's first fight probably took place in June 1783 against Jack Jarvis, after he had unintentionally slighted the wagon driver and professional fighter. Jarvis challenged Johnson to fight him as a matter of honour, and was comprehensively beaten in the resulting match. Johnson's success encouraged him to take up the sport professionally. By June 1784 he had declared himself to be the champion, although whether of England or the world is uncertain.
In the later years of his fight career, and for some time after it ended, he acted as a second for other prominent fighters and ran a public house. His dissipation outside the ring appears to have resulted in his decision to leave England for Ireland, where he continued to tutor other boxers but eventually resorted to gambling to earn a living. He died a broken man, both physically and financially.
Johnson was inducted into the "Pioneer" category of the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 1995.
Life before boxing.
Tom Johnson was born in Derby, England in about 1750, although at least one early historian of boxing, Pierce Egan, states that Johnson was born in Yorkshire. His birth name was Thomas Jackling, but he used the name Tom Johnson throughout his fight career.
Johnson moved to London at a young age and spent the next twenty years or so working as a corn porter, loading and unloading sacks of corn from a wharf near to Old Swan Stairs, (Upper) Thames Street.
His selflessness and strength were exemplified during this period by the assistance that he gave to a fellow worker who had become ill. Johnson would carry two sacks of corn on each journey between the wharf and the grain warehouse, rather than the usual single sack, up an incline so steep that it was known as Labour-in-vain-hill. He gave the extra money he earned to the family of the sick man until he was able to return work.
Background to 18th-century prizefighting.
Prizefighting in early 18th-century England took many forms rather than just pugilism, which was referred to by noted swordsman and then boxing champion James Figg as "the noble science of defence". But by the middle of the century the term was generally used to denote boxing fights only. The appeal of prizefighting at that time has been compared to that of duelling; historian Adrian Harvey says that: 
From a legal standpoint prizefights ran the risk of being classified as disorderly assemblies, but in practice the authorities were mainly concerned about the number of criminals congregating there. Historian Bohun Lynch has been quoted as saying that pickpocketing was rife, and that fights between the various supporters were common. However, the patronage of the aristocracy and the wealthy ensured that any legal scrutiny was generally benign, in particular because fights could take place on private estates. This patronage also explains why London was the centre for the sport; people of wealth tended to congregate in the city during the winter months and in the summer dispersed to their country estates. From 1786, just as Johnson was rising to prominence, there was increased support for the sport because of the interest shown in it by the Prince of Wales (later King George IV) and his brothers, the future King William IV and Duke of Kent. This renewed interest followed a period of malaise which had in large part been due to corruption in the form of "fixing" the fights.
Jack Broughton, a celebrated boxing champion (and another who was also a swordsman), had gone some way to defining the rules of prizefighting in 1743, based on earlier work by Figg, but by Johnson's time the rules were still interpreted very loosely. The style of fighting was also very different to modern boxing; the contestants stood facing each other squarely with their feet in line and their fists raised level in front of them, rather than the present-day stance of generally having one foot slightly in front of the other and one fist leading. Brute strength was the primary factor for success and knock-downs were frequent, a consequence of the instability inherent in the positioning of the fighters' feet. Rounds were not timed but instead lasted until a man was knocked down, with fighters permitted to wrestle each other to the ground. Moving around the ring, known as shifting, was deprecated and sometimes explicitly prohibited by the rules for a fight; going to ground without being hit could lead to claims that the man still standing had won. The fighters usually each provided an umpire of their choice, and there might also be a third, independent umpire present, to adjudicate between them.
Career as a fighter.
Early period.
Johnson probably began fighting in June 1783, at the age of thirty-three, although Brailsford suggests it was 1781 or slightly earlier. Johnson had unintentionally slighted a carman (horse-drawn wagon driver) and fighter called Jack Jarvis, who then called for Johnson to fight him as a matter of honour. Johnson comprehensively battered the experienced Jarvis at Lock's Fields, and his name came to the attention of professional fighters. At that time Johnson had no intention of earning a living from the sport, but he became so goaded by a professional known as The Croydon Drover that a fight was arranged for March 1784, at Kennington Common. Johnson beat the Drover to a pulp in 27 minutes and decided to become a professional.
The success against the Drover was followed by a victory against the ageing professional Stephen "Death" Oliver in June. The fight, which took place at Blackheath in front of thousands of people, was over in a time stated as being either 18 or 35 minutes. Johnson subsequently declared himself to be the champion and challenged all-comers. Most contemporary and near-contemporary accounts, such as those of Egan, regard this title of champion to mean Champion of England but Barrett O'Hara, writing in 1909, listed Johnson as the fourteenth World Heavyweight Champion. At the time of Johnson's victory, the holder of title of champion was disputed. The previous holder, Duggan Fearns, had disappeared and Harry Sellers, the man Fearns had beaten to win the title in a fight that lasted 90 seconds and was alleged to have been fixed, had died.
Johnson did not fight again until he beat Bill Love, a butcher, at Barnet on 11 or 13 January 1786 in a contest that lasted five minutes and offered a prize of 50 guineas. He then beat Jack Towers the following month at the same place.
The final fight of Johnson's early period, during which the stake money was relatively low, was his comprehensive win over a ponderous fighter called Fry for a prize of 50 guineas at Kingston. The fight, which lasted less than 30 minutes, ended with Fry badly beaten up and Johnson with barely a scratch on him. This fight did not attract many supporters of the sport; it took place on 6 June 1786 and was therefore during the period when the wealthy were away from London.
Consolidation.
Johnson had developed to be an exceptional fighter, and a rarity in his day because he used his brain as well as his strength. A barrel-chested man, he weighed around and his height was variously stated in the range of 5' 8" (1.73 m) to 5' 10" (1.78 m). He was known for his coolness under pressure and he took time to analyse his opponent's strengths, weaknesses and technique. He did not retreat from the fight but avoided risk and was careful not to expose himself too much to attack, although his guard was described as "inelegant" by Egan. That writer also explained that he "worked round his antagonist in a way peculiar to himself, that so puzzled his adversary to find out his intent, that he was frequently thrown off his guard, by which manoeuvring Johnson often gained the most important advantages." All of this meant that his fights were not usually of short duration; he made certain of the outcome rather than risking anything.
Having exhausted challengers in London, he took on Bristolian professional Bill Warr for 200 guineas at Oakhampton, Berkshire on 18 January 1787, although the manner of his victory on this occasion was "scarcely worthy of being called a fight", according to "The Sportsman's Magazine". Warr had to resort to shifting and falling to the ground in order to stay in the contest, and as both tactics were regarded as underhand he attracted the ire of the crowd. He survived for almost 90 minutes until a choice blow from Johnson caused Warr to run from the ring, despite the protestations of his second.
A hiatus in Johnson's boxing career followed, with no challengers coming forward until the Irish champion Michael Ryan took an interest. The fight at Wraysbury, then in Buckinghamshire, on either 18 or 19 December 1787 saw Richard Humphries ("The Gentleman Boxer") acting as Johnson's second and Daniel Mendoza as his bottle-holder. Ryan was the favourite to win before the fight, and he had Johnson reeling against the rails of the ring with a blow to the head after almost 20 minutes had elapsed. Humphries' second stepped in to prevent a second strike and this enraged the crowd because they believed Ryan could continue hitting until Johnson fell to the ground. They encouraged Ryan to declare himself victor as a consequence of this foul but he refused, as he wanted to win by means other than a technicality. He allowed Johnson to recover and then, in the space of the next ten minutes, lost the bout.
Financial security.
The nature of the fight with Ryan led to a much anticipated re-match at Cassiobury Park, Hertfordshire on 11 February 1789. At stake was prize money of 600 guineas, as well as Johnson's title of champion. Humphries again acted as Johnson's second and a man called Jackson was his bottle-holder. The fight consisted of one round of mutually displayed skill, during which Johnson was felled, and thereafter was brutal passion. Egan described it as It was over in 33 minutes, when Ryan gave up the fight. One spectator, a Mr Hollingsworth, who was a corn factor and had at one time employed Johnson, was so impressed and pleased with how much he had made from betting on Johnson that he settled a £20 per annum gift for life on the fighter.
A proposed bout later in the same year against Ben Bryan (sometimes known as Ben Brian, Ben Brain or Ben Bryant) came to nothing. Bryan had been a collier in Kingswood, Bristol before moving to London to fight. He was seen as a strong potential challenger, having already won two fights in the provinces and then won against John Boone (known as "The Fighting Grenadier"), a man called Corbally, and Tom Tring. The prize money was set at £1000, but Bryan became ill and had to withdraw, forfeiting his staked deposit of £100.
Later in 1789 fighters from the Birmingham area issued a series of challenges to opponents based around London, intended to demonstrate the level of organisation and confidence among the Birmingham boxers and their supporters. Three of the challenges were accepted, including that from Isaac Perrins to Tom Johnson. Perrins, who has been described as "the knock-kneed hammerman from Soho", had already issued a general challenge, offering to fight any man in England for a prize of 500 guineas, having beaten all challengers in the counties around Birmingham.
The Perrins–Johnson fight took place at Banbury on 22 October 1789, billed as a battle between Birmingham and London as well as for the English Championship. The venue had been intended to be Newmarket during a race meeting but permission could not be obtained. The two men were about the same age but physically very different. Perrins stood 6' 2" (1.88 m) tall and weighed . It was claimed that he had lifted of iron with ease, and he was "universally allowed to possess much skill and excellent bottom". That is, it was acknowledged that he was skillful and courageous. The physical mismatch was later described as a fight between Hercules, in the form of Perrins, and a boy.
The first five minutes of competition saw neither man strike a blow and then when Perrins tried to make contact Johnson dodged and felled Perrins in return. Although Perrins recovered to hold the upper hand in the first few rounds, Johnson then began to dance around the ring, forcing Perrins to follow in order to make a fight of it. This was the first time in his career that Johnson had found it necessary to resort to this tactic of shifting. It confused Perrins because of it being contrary to the custom at the time, but the rules for this particular fight did not prevent it. Nor did they specify what should happen if a contestant fell to the ground, which is what Johnson did in order to avoid being hit – this action was thought by the spectators to be unsporting but was permitted by the two umpires. Before long both fighters showed signs of their opponent's attacks, with first Perrins and then Johnson suffering cut eyes and then further damage to their faces. By the fight's end Perrins' head "had scarcely the traces left of a human being", according to Egan in his history of boxing. The contest lasted 62 rounds, which took a total of 75 minutes to complete, until Perrins became totally exhausted. Tony Gee has said that 
Perrins' supporters had gambled heavily on him because of his reputation and his advantage in size. In the event it was a major supporter of Johnson, a Thomas Bullock, who gained; he won £20,000 (equivalent to £220,000 as of 2010) from his bets in favour of Johnson and gifted the victor £1,000.
The event was recorded in "The Gentleman's Magazine" of that month: 
The contestants received 250 guineas each, with Johnson also receiving two-thirds of the entrance takings (after costs) and Perrins receiving the other third. The net takings were £800, and the number of spectators was variously stated as being 3,000 or 5,000. Johnson called on Perrins and left him a guinea to buy himself a drink before leaving Banbury. The fight had proved to be "one of the hardest, cleanest and most brilliant encounters that ever took place". As O'Hara put it, "The stevedore at 33 has become at 39 the Croesus of the ring."
Copper medals were struck to commemorate each of the contestants. The obverse side of these contained a picture of the respective fighter; the reverse had the Latin inscription "Bella! Horrida bella!" (a quotation from Virgil which can be translated as "wars, horrible wars") and the words "Strength and magnanimity" in the case of Perrins, and "Science and intrepidity" for that of Johnson. Chaloner has speculated that these may have been produced by Perrins' employers, Boulton and Watt, and says that they bear similarities with the work of a French die maker called Ponthon who was supplying the firm with industrial items from at least 1791. The National Portrait Gallery holds two pictures of the Banbury fight, one an etching published by George Smeeton in 1812, and the other by Joseph Grozer in 1789.
Last fight.
Ben Bryan now challenged Johnson once more. He had recovered from his previous illness and won a fight at Banbury against Jacombs, another of the Birmingham challengers, on the day after Johnson's victory against Perrins. Subsequently Bryan had drawn a 180-round contest with Bill Hooper, also known as "The Tinman", regarding which "The Sportsman's Magazine" claimed "A more ridiculous match never took place in the annals of pugilism."
The Duke of Hamilton supplied Bryan's stake to fight Johnson in a contest for a prize of 500 guineas held at Wrotham, Kent. Although it is thought that he held property worth £5,000 by the end of the 1780s, and had earned the equivalent of US$125,000 in 1789 alone (including money earned from betting on himself), Johnson had to rely on friends to provide his stake because he had spent all of his money. He was a gambling man and an "easy mark", attracting people who gladly took his money from him. Brailsford has commented that this dissipation in his personal life was at odds with his cautious, calculated approach when in the prize ring.
Johnson was a clear favourite to win the match, which took place on 17 January 1791 and attracted even more spectators than had been present for the Perrins fight. He had Joe Ward as his second and Mendoza as his bottle holder, with those roles for Bryan being filled by Warr and Humphries. The brutality of the initial fighting was shared by both men. Johnson's nerve failed him, as did his command of the techniques that had served him well. O'Hara describes that he fought "like a wild man" and, throwing caution to the wind, broke a metacarpal in his middle finger after the momentum created by throwing a wild punch caused him to crash into the ring rail and then to the floor. This was the turning point, and O'Hara describes the situation as, "Frightfully beaten, his fists useless, his eyes closed, bathed in blood, and without the chance even of turning the tide with a lucky punch, he refuses to surrender." He had to resort to shifting once more and eventually to wrestling with the hair of Bryan, which generated much disapprobation among the crowd. Eventually Bryan forced Johnson to the floor and beat him unconscious. Johnson had lost the fight, and his status as champion, in 21 minutes. Egan speculated that Johnson's change in style, evident from the outset of the fight might have been due to either genuine concern about Bryan's abilities or from his gambling problems; either way, "there was a miserable "falling off" in him altogether!"
Egan wrote that Johnson was the nearest any boxer had come to matching the skill of Jack Broughton. He was thought to have earned more money during his reign as champion than any other fighter until John L. Sullivan almost a century later. Jack Anderson, a modern historian of the sport, has summarised the early boxing writers as agreeing the period of Johnson's reign as champion "rescued the declining sport and heralded the beginning of a golden age".
Life after boxing.
Johnson acted as second to various fighters around the period of his rise and fall. He performed this duty for Tom Tyne ("The Tailor") at Croydon on 1 July 1788 and at Horton Moor on 24 March 1790, having previously done so for a fighter called Savage who had taken on Jack Doyle at Stepney Fields on 22 November 1787. He also acted twice for Humphries, in his fights against Mendoza at Odiham on 9 January 1788, when Mendoza sprained his ankle on the slippery surface, and at Stilton on 9 May 1789. There was much controversy at the latter, with O'Hara reporting that this caused Mendoza's second, a Captain Brown, to call Johnson a blackguard; Johnson responded by threatening "to punch Brown into Eternity." Johnson switched fighters and seconded Mendoza against Humphries at Doncaster on 29 September 1790, and again in a contest against Warr near Croydon in May 1792. Similarly, he acted as second for Hooper when he fought George Maddox at Sydenham Common on 10 February 1794 and for Tom "Paddington" Jones at Blackheath on 10 May 1794. Other occasions when he acted as second include for John Jackson (near to Croydon, 9 June 1788; and against Mendoza at Hornchurch on 15 April 1795), and Joe Ward (at Hyde Park, date unknown).
After his defeat by Bryan he bought and ran a public house, The Grapes, in Duke Street, Lincoln's Inn Fields, London. Retired prizefighters at that time often received the proceeds of a financial collection from their supporters to enable them to buy a licence to operate such premises: "today's fighter was merely tomorrow's publican in waiting". In a 1901 review of sporting prints titled "The old and new pugilism", which lamented the passing of the style and the discipline of prize-fighting, "the goal of the successful pugilist was a sporting public house ... they were generally in side or back streets, where the house did not command a transient trade. Most of these sporting "pubs" had a large room at the back or upstairs, which was open one night a week (preferably Saturday), for public sparring, which was always conducted by a pugilist of some note."
The Grapes soon became known as a haunt of gamblers and criminals, which probably lost Johnson his licence to operate the premises. Subsequently he sought wagers at horse race meetings and cockpits, refusing to pay if he lost and instead challenging the victor to a fight. Johnson moved to Copper Alley, Dublin, but had to leave after magistrates determined that his premises were "not proving so consonant to the principles of propriety, as was wished". He then went to Cork, where he tried to earn a living by teaching boxing. Finding that unrewarding he turned once again to gambling, and according to Dennis Brailsford "His deterioration was rapid. Both his health and his spirit were broken". He died in Cork on 21 January 1797, aged 47.
Johnson tutored George Ingleston (The Brewer) and was at least a supporter of Jones, on whom he once bet £100 to win a fight. He also taught a man called Simpson, who went on to fight Jones in 1804.
Johnson's brother, Bill Jackling, also did some boxing. He lost to Elias Spray some time prior to Spray's 1805 fight against Joseph Bourkes, a perennial challenger for the championship.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="18797257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797257" title="Border Union Railway">
Border Union Railway

The Border Union Railway was a railway line which connected places in the south of Scotland and Cumberland in England. It was authorised on 21 July 1859 and advertised as the Waverley Route by the promoters - the North British Railway. It connected the Edinburgh and Hawick Railway at with .
History.
The first section of the route was opened between Carlisle and Scotch Dyke on 12 October 1861, to Newcastleton on 1 March 1862, Riccarton Junction on 2 June 1862 and throughout on 24 June 1862. The railway was built as a double-track main line throughout.
Current operations.
The line was closed to all traffic by British Railways on 5 January 1969. The line was dismantled in 1971.
The Waverley Route Heritage Association have preserved a part of the former route at Whitrope and are working on reopening the section from its base at Whitrope itself down into Riccarton Junction as a heritage railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18797258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797258" title="Allaire duPont Distaff Stakes">
Allaire duPont Distaff Stakes

The Allaire DuPont Distaff is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland. A Grade II event run in mid May, it is open to fillies and mares age three and older. It is contested on dirt at a distance of 11/16 miles (8.5 furlongs).
Formerly known as the "Pimlico Breeders' Cup Distaff Handicap"/"Pimlico Distaff", it was renamed the "Allaire duPont Breeders' Cup Distaff Stakes" in 2006 in honor of the late Maryland horsewoman and owner of the great Kelso, Allaire duPont. The race was first awarded graded status in 1994 and then the race was upgraded from a Grade III to a Grade II event in 2007.
From 1992 through 2001, the race was contested at 1⅛ miles (9 furlongs). The race was run in late June for its first three years. Then it was moved to the Preakness undercard beginning in 1995.
In 2010 the race was put on hiatus due to a shortage of purse money. [http://sports.espn.go.com/sports/horse/news/story?id=5001408]
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a horse:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="18797264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797264" title="Beata Jankowska-Tzimas">
Beata Jankowska-Tzimas

Beata Jankowska-Tzimas (born May 1, 1970 in Gołdap) is a Polish singer and actress. In 2013, she became a contestant on The Voice of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="18797281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797281" title="1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 4x100m Medley Relay">
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 4x100m Medley Relay

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 4×100 metres Medley Relay event at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships were held on the first day of the competition, on Thursday 17 April 1997 in Gothenburg, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18797289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797289" title="Discovery World (TV channel)">
Discovery World (TV channel)

Discovery World is a European television television channel which features programming in the fields of travel, culture and history. Discovery World offers a mix of history, culture, real life stories, investigation, mystery shows, factual series and documentaries. Its programming is mainly in English and locally subtitled or dubbed. In some countries the advertisement and the announcements between programs are localized.
History.
In Europe the channel started as "Discovery Civilisation", also called "Discovery Civilisation Channel", in the UK in 1998 and later followed by other European countries. Discovery Civilisation focused on history-related programs. On April 18, 2008, the channel changed its name into "Discovery World" and extended its program lineup to also include programs about culture, crime and "mysterious phenomena".
Programming.
Himalayas

</doc>
<doc id="18797293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797293" title="Eladio Valdés">
Eladio Valdés

Eladio "Black Bill" Valdés (July 1905 - May 14, 1933) was a Cuban boxer of the 1920s.
Small of stature at 5 feet, 3.5 inches and weighing between 109–115 pounds, he was managed by Luis "Pincho" Gutiérrez and trained by Moe Fleischer. He made his first official appearance on September 11, 1920 (at age 15) in a fight in Havana, his native city, where he defeated Diego Blanco in the fourth round. 
Valdés continued to fight throughout the 1920s, dividing his fights between Havana and New York City, where the vast majority of his contests took place. Although he was neither large nor a power hitter, he was known for throwing opponents off guard by attacking with agility and angled punches. During his career, he defeated opponents such as Johnny McCoy, Willie Davies, "Corporal" Izzy Schwartz, Sammy Bienfield, the French boxer Eugène Huat, Happy Atherton, Genaro Pino, Marty Gold, Bobby Green, Henry Catena and Benny Marks. 
Valdés committed suicide while in Harlem, New York, on May 14, 1933.

</doc>
<doc id="18797298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797298" title="The Grimalkin">
The Grimalkin

The Grimalkin is the second studio album by German progressive metal band Noekk, released on May 19, 2006. It was recorded and mixed at Studio E in September and October 2005 by Markus Stock. All the songs and lyrics are by Noekk.

</doc>
<doc id="18797300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797300" title="Robert Montgomery (lawyer)">
Robert Montgomery (lawyer)

Robert Morel Montgomery Jr. (June 9, 1930 – 3 August 2008) was an American lawyer known for winning huge settlements, including "State of Florida v. American Tobacco Co., et al.", where the tobacco industry agreed to pay $11.3 billion to recover Medicaid expenses for smoking-related diseases.
Montgomery was born in Birmingham, Alabama, where his father was a criminal defense lawyer. He graduated from University of Alabama, becoming a member of the Sigma Chi fraternity, then spent two years in the United States Army. He earned his law degree from University of Florida Law School under the G.I. Bill.
After representing insurance companies, he switched to litigating on behalf of plaintiffs, frequently taking high-profile cases. When Kimberly Bergalis contracted AIDS from her dentist, Montgomery won an undisclosed settlement. He won an estate settlement of $10.5 million a year for Kathleen DuRoss Ford, third wife of Henry Ford II. He represented Burt Reynolds in his divorce from Loni Anderson. Though a Democrat, Montgomery represented longtime friend Theresa LePore, whose "butterfly ballot" design in Palm Beach County came under fire during the United States presidential election, 2000.
He died at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="18797309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797309" title="Kosugi Station">
Kosugi Station

Kosugi Station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18797318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797318" title="Svetlana Svetikova">
Svetlana Svetikova

Svetlana Svetikova () (born November 24, 1983) is a Russian singer and actress. Born in Moscow, in the Entuziastov. Mother - Marina Vladimirovna, singer, father - Andrew V., painter of Florentine mosaic. Sveta has a younger sister, Natalia. 
With four years has been part of the choir, participated in numerous vocal competitions. In 1989 dancing in the sports complex. 
In eight years, became a soloist of the Moscow Children's Theater. In twelve years she has already owned a director. From first through eighth grade, she studied at school number 1269, then moved to the school № 1113 with in-depth study of music and choreography. In 15 years, won the competition "50x50". The reward was a trip to Miami and vocal training at the prestigious school. Svetlana had to sign a contract for three years, but a week before the departure of singer attracted to the musical "Metro".
She has a part in the 2009 animated film "Alice's Birthday" and she played Esmeralda in the Russian version of the musical "Notre Dame de Paris". She also provided the voice of Princess Ariel in the Russian 1998/2006 dubs of The Little Mermaid.

</doc>
<doc id="18797326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797326" title="German Sport University Cologne">
German Sport University Cologne

German Sport University Cologne (, DSHS) is a sport university in Cologne, Germany. It is the largest sports university in Europe with more than 5,000 students. The DSHS, in Cologne called SpoHo, is located in the Cologne district Müngersdorf, adjacent to the facilities of the major sports in Cologne, such as the RheinEnergieStadion.
History.
The Sport University Cologne was founded in 1947 and, thus, continued the academic tradition of physical education in Germany established by Berlin’s „Deutsche Hochschule für Leibesübungen“ (German University for body exercises) which had been inaugurated in 1920.
After the Sport University had changed its name to “German Sport University” in 1965 it gained the official status as a University in 1970. From now on, it had the right to award Ph.D.s (doctor of sport sciences) as well as the postdoctoral lecture qualification (Habilitation). After German reunification, the East German “Deutsche Hochschule für Körperkultur” (German University for “body culture”) Leipzig was dissolved, leaving the Sport University Cologne as the only one of its kind in Germany.
Institutes and Departments.
The University consists of the following academic units:
Studies.
The coaching-license, which is needed to be the Head-Coach of a 1st or 2nd Bundesliga team, can be obtained at the Hennes-Weisweiler-Academy (Hennes-Weisweiller-Akademie)<br>
which is affiliated to the "German Sports University Cologne" (Deutsche Sporthochschule Köln).
The curriculum of this course of training is inter-coordinated with the German Football Association (Deutscher Fussball Bund; "DFB").<br>
Licensing of foreign coaches seems to differ. 
Promoting Israel-Arab coexistence.
In April 2011, fifty football coaches from Israel were trained in Israeli-Arab coexistence skills as part of the Football 4 Peace program, in the UK, so that they will be able to run Football 4 Peace camps during the summer in Israel. It was developed by the British Council, the Israel Sports Authority, the University of Brighton in the UK and the German Sport University and is funded by the European Union. Coaches from Jordan and Ireland are also part of this program. The Chelsea School of Sport, part of the University of Brighton, hosts the program.

</doc>
<doc id="18797335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797335" title="Sir Edward Seymour, 1st Baronet">
Sir Edward Seymour, 1st Baronet

Sir Edward Seymour, 1st Baronet c. 1563 – 10 April 1613) of Berry Pomeroy, Devon, was Member of Parliament for Devon, twice High Sheriff of Devon and an Army Colonel.
Origins.
Born at Berry Pomeroy Castle, Devon, of a family greatly influential in the Western counties, he was the son and heir of Lord Edward Seymour (d.1593), by his wife Margaret Walsh. He was the grandson of Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (c.1500-1552), Lord Protector, in the elder but lower ranking line of his progeny. Because of the alleged adultery of the Duke's first wife Catherine Fillol, the Dukedom had been entailed with preference to his sons by his second marriage. 
Career.
Aged 20 he was appointed Deputy Vice Admiral for the County of Devon. In 1586 he was Vice Admiral for Cornwall. In the late 16th century there was concern at the threat of a Spanish invasion and he received a commission as a Colonel in 1595, in charge of 1,600 men, 
and responsible for an area of the south Devon coast from Dartmouth to Plymouth. He was appointed High Sheriff of Devon in 1595 and 1605 and returned as Member of Parliament for Devon in 1593 and between 1601 and 1611.
He spent a large sum extending Berry Pomeroy Castle, over £20,000 according to John Prince in his "Worthies of Devon", 1697, particularly in the building of the north range in about 1600. In 1604 he tried to claim part of his grandfather the Duke of Somerset's estate, but was opposed by his half-cousin Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford and was unsuccessful. 
From around 1611, as a result of the large expenditure on his home, the cost of supporting his eight children and legal expenses, he was apparently short of money. Despite his financial problems on 29 June 1611 he was created Baronet Seymour, of Berry Pomeroy, the patent for which cost him £1,095. 
Marriage & progeny.
At age 13 on 19 September 1576 he married Elizabeth Champernowne, daughter of Sir Arthur Champernowne (d.1578), Vice-Admiral of the West under Queen Elizabeth I, of Dartington Hall, Devon, having been betrothed to her for about ten years. By her he had nine children: 
Death & burial.
He died in 1613 and was buried in Berry Pomeroy Church, where there survives a well-preserved monument to him, termed by Nikolaus Pevsner as "astonishingly naive". He was succeeded by his eldest son Sir Edward Seymour, 2nd Baronet (c.1580-1659).

</doc>
<doc id="18797336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797336" title="St. Louis, I. M. &amp; S. R. Co. v. Berry">
St. Louis, I. M. &amp; S. R. Co. v. Berry

St. Louis, I. M. & S. R. Co. v. Berry, , was a writ of error to review the action of the Supreme Court of Arkansas in refusing to restrain officers of that state from levying a tax on property of the plaintiff in error.
One section in the charter of a railway company authorized it to consolidate with other companies. Another section provided that the
The court held that a new company, created by the exercise of the power to consolidate, took the property and franchises of the old company subject to the organic law as to taxation at the time of the consolidation.
A consolidation of two railway companies by an agreement which provides that all the property of each company shall be taken and deemed to be transferred to the consolidated company (naming it) "as such new corporation without further act or deed" creates a new corporation, with an existence dating from the time when the consolidation took effect, and is subject to constitutional provisions respecting taxation in force in the state at that time.
The high court assumed that the consolidation as made was authorized by, and must be referred to, the tenth section of the charter of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company; but we do not admit, what is assumed as an inference from that, that the consolidation took effect, by relation, as of the date of that charter.
The consolidated company, the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railroad Company, the plaintiff in error, is not the identical corporation which was the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company. The terms of the act and agreement of consolidation, which, by the express language of the charter of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, became, on adoption, the charter of the consolidated company, created a new corporation.
It was spoken of as "the new company" in the resolutions of the board of directors, submitting the agreement to the stockholders for their approval, and directing the president to cause the same to be carried into effect, when approved, by calling in "the certificates of stock in this company outstanding," and exchanging them "for stock in the new company, according to the terms of the agreement." The two corporations agree to become one corporation, and a new name is given to the "new corporation." It is spoken of as such throughout the agreement of consolidation. The whole organization is changed and made new. The capital stock is made different from that of either, or the aggregate of both, each share of stock held in the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company being exchanged for sixty-hundredths of a share in the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway Company. The act of consolidation is declared to be a conveyance of all the rights, privileges, and franchises of each of the constituent corporations, and of all other property, real, personal, and mixed, and all debts due, on whatever account, belonging to each corporation, to the new corporation, without further act or deed.
This new corporation did not come into existence until May 4, 1874. It came into existence as a corporation of the State of Arkansas in pursuance of its Constitution and laws, and subject in all respects to their restrictions and limitations. Among these was that one (Art. 5, sec. 48, of the Constitution of 1868) which declared that "The property of corporations, now existing or hereafter created, shall forever be subject to taxation, the same as property of individuals." This rendered it impossible in law for the consolidated corporation to receive by transfer from the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, or otherwise, the exemption sought to be enforced in this suit. The case is thus brought within the rule declared and applied in Louisville &c. Railroad Co. v. Palmes, 109 U. S. 244.
The court found that it was not an answer to this conclusion to say that the act of consolidation, having been made in pursuance of the tenth section of the charter of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, was the exercise by that company of a right secured to it by contract which no subsequent Constitution or law of the State of Arkansas could impair or defeat. For what was the contract? Construed in the most liberal spirit in favor of the company, it cannot be extended beyond a stipulation on the part of the state that the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company may at any time thereafter, by consolidation with any other railroad company, form and become a new corporation, with such powers and privileges as at the time when the offer is accepted and acted upon may be within the power of the state to confer, and lawful for the new corporation to accept. If acted upon before the law was changed, it might well be that all the powers and privileges originally conferred, in the charter of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company, including the exemption in question, would have vested in the new company. But, as it was not accepted and acted upon until a change in the organic law of the state forbade the creation of corporations capable of holding property exempt from taxation, it must be presumed that when the original company entered into the consolidation, it did so in full view of the existing law, and with the intention of forming a new corporation, such as the Constitution and laws of the state at that time permitted. That at least, we must hold to be the legal effect of the transaction. In that view, the language used by this Court at the present term in the case of Memphis & Little Rock Railroad Co. (as reorganized) v. Berry, 112 U. S. 609, is strictly applicable and is now reaffirmed.
The conclusion is unavoidable that the exemption from taxation declared in the eleventh section of the charter of the Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company did not pass by the act of consolidation to the St. Louis, Iron Mountain and Southern Railway Company.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Arkansas was therefore affirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="18797339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797339" title="Francesca Benolli">
Francesca Benolli

Francesca Benolli (Born 26 August 1989 in Trieste) is an Italian artistic gymnast who competed at her first international competition in 2003.
As a junior gymnast, Benolli was part of the Italian team which won a bronze medal at the 2004 Junior European Championships in Amsterdam. In 2005, Benolli became age eligible for Senior competition and made an immediate impact, winning the 2005 European Vault title at just fifteen as well as respectable fifth place finishes in both the All Around and Floor exercise finals.
However, Benolli suffered serious injury after this competition, missing both the 2005 and 2006 World Championships. She came back in 2007 and was a member of the Italian team which placed in the top 12 at the World Championships, qualifying them to the 2008 Olympics. In 2008, Benolli won a bronze medal on vault at Europeans and was a member of the Italian team in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="18797349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797349" title="List of cover versions of Jacques Brel songs">
List of cover versions of Jacques Brel songs

The following is a list of cover versions of Jacques Brel songs arranged alphabetically by artist. Songs written by Jacques Brel but never recorded by Brel himself are indicated by an asterisk.
__NOTOC__
0-9.
3 J's
4 Walls
A.
Acda en de Munnik
Ciara Adams
Adamo
Karen Akers
Nishito Akiko
Alcione
Charis Alexiou
Corinne Allal
Karrin Allyson
Marc Almond
Ambulette
Thierry Amiel
Ange
Angélica María
Dick Annegarn
Richard Anthony
Jenny Arean
Paul Armfield
Arno
Arthur H.
Sandy Aruba
B.
Pierre Bachelet
Joan Baez
Roy Bailey
Marco Bakker
Michael Ball
'"Yossi Banai
Barbara
Attila Bardóczy 
Steve Barton
Bashung
Shirley Bassey
Franco Battiato
Martine Baujoud
BCN
Angelique Beauvence
Beirut
Bellowhead
Oscar Benton
Herman van den Berg
Paloma Berganza
Gérard Berliner
Dave Berry
Masha Bijlsma Band
Bic Runga
Bik Bent Braam
Acker Bilk
Maria Bill
Black Box Recorder
Blink 182
Karin Bloemen
Frida Boccara
Frank Boeijen
Deborah Boily
The Bolshoi
Jeffry Bonnet
Hans de Booij
Stef Bos
Miguel Bosé
Della Bosiers
Hans Boskamp
Bots
Botticelli
Isabelle Boulay
David Bowie
Ted de Braak
James Dean Bradfield
Bruno Brel
Corry Brokken
Patrick Bruel
Joke Bruijs
Yuri Buenaventura
C.
Franco Califano
Chantal Câlin
Camden
Glen Campbell
Donald Cant
Lana Cantrell
Caravelli
Caribbean Steel Band
Belinda Carlisle
Carlos do Carmo
José Carreras
Rossana Casale
France Castel
Koen de Cauter
Les Cavaliers
Jean-Paul Celea & François Couturier
The Centimeters
Jonatan Cerrada
Claude Challe
Chantal Chamberland
Ray Charles
Fay Claassen
Alan Clayson
Julien Clerc
Les Cochabamba
Judy Collins
Les Compagnons de la chanson
Ray Conniff Singers
Ernesto Cortazar
Sam Cooke
Frank Cools
Vera Coomans
Costa Cordalis
Debbie de Coudreaux
Mary Coughlan
Ben Cramer
Les Croquants
Arie Cupé
D.
Dalida
Damita Jo
Jean-Louis Daulne
Emma Daumas
George Davidson
Dawn
Hamed Daye
Dead Belgian.
Dee Dee Bridgewater
Deishovida
Michel Delpech
John Denver
'"Wouter Deprez
Janez Detd.
Neil Diamond
Renato Dibi
Barbara Dickson
Dicte
Marlene Dietrich
De Dijk
Céline Dion
Sacha Distel
Divine Comedy
De Dopegezinde Gemeente
Lia Dorana
The Dresden Dolls
André van Duin
Le Duo
Charles Dumont
Yves Duteil
Altemar Dutra
E.
Sheena Easton
Katja Ebstein
Stephan Eicher
Philippe Elan
Shawn Elliott, Elly Stone, Mort Shuman and Alice Whitfield
Gunther Emmerlich
Sergio Endrigo
Les Enfoirés
Été 67 (+ De Mens)
F.
Raimundo Fagner
Marianne Faithfull
Faudel
Female Factory
Will Ferdy
Jorge Fernando
Roberto Ferri
Evelyn Fischer
Marjol Flore
Forrester
The Fortunes
French B.
Kalle Freynik
Gavin Friday
Maria Friedman
René Froger
G.
Giorgio Gaber
Rita di Ghent
Dori Ghezzi
Bobby Goldsboro
Edyta Gorniak
Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie
Gorki
Francis Goya & Damian Luca
Juliette Gréco
Jacques Grillot
Raymond van het Groenewoud
Petru Guelfucci
Daniel Guichard
Jean Guidoni
Inger Marie Gundersen
Rigmor Gustafsson
H.
Susanna Haavisto 
Johnny Hallyday
Frans Halsema
Ester Hana
Jon Harvison
Micheline van Hautem
Richard Hayman
Douwe Heeringa en Compagnie
Hana Hegerová
Harma Heikki
Rie Helmig
Michael Heltau
André van den Heuvel
Ivan Heylen
Al Hirt
Robyn Hitchcock
Klaus Hoffmann
Johan Hoogeboom
Shirley Horn
Dominique Horwitz
Karin Hougaard
Engelbert Humperdinck
I.
Julio Iglesias
Jure Ivanušič
J.
Terry Jacks
Alfred Janson
Jocelyne Jocya
Robb Johnson
Byron Jones
Jack Jones
Tom Jones
Jasperina de Jong
Ibrica Jusić
Freek de Jonge
Filip Jordens
Juanares
Barb Jungr
K.
'"Patricia Kaas
'"Kamahl
'"Kent
The King's Singers
'"The Kingston Trio
"'Eartha Kitt
'"Hildegard Knef
'"Steve Knightley
'"Josee Koning
'"Elisabeth Kontomanou
'"Wim Koopmans
'"Tommy Körberg en Stefan Nilsson
Rolinha Kross
L.
Laïs
Serge Lama
Fernando Lameirinhas
Ngoc Lan
Daniel Lang
Simone Langlois
Maurice Larcange
James Last
Cyndi Lauper
Olivier Laurent
Bruno Lauzi
Jean-Sébastien Lavoie
Vicky Leandros
Nara Leão
'"Begijn le Bleu
Brenda Lee
Paul de Leeuw
Raymond Lefevre
Maxime LeForestier
Sylvie Legault
Jo Lemaire
Lemon
Ute Lemper
Jan Leyers
Frank van der Linden
Liesbeth List
Dani Litani
Charles Lloyd
Jack Lukeman & the Black Romantics
Vera Lynn
Kay Lyra
M.
M
Eileen Mager
Flossie Malavialle
Mama's Jasje
Manic Movement
Barry Manilow
Vera Mann
Rick Margitza
Lena Martell
Fabien Martin
Maysa Matarazzo
Mireille Mathieu
Gisela May
Rod McKuen
Rob van de Meeberg
Me First and the Gimme Gimmes
Tom Mega
Marieann Meringolo
Helen Merril and Stan Getz
Jan Mesdag
Metropole Orkest
Mich en Scène
Milva
Jean-Louis Millette
Phil Minton
Roberta Miranda
Gerry De Mol & Eva de Roovere
Moloko
Momus
Moondog Jr.
Matt Monro
Anton Montagne & Guus Westdorp
Des de Moor
Éric Morena
Estrella Morente
Ronny Mosuse
Mouron
Nana Mouskouri
Alison Moyet
Danny de Munk
I Muvrini
Mystic Moods Orchestra
N.
Xavier Naidoo
Nard Reijnders Consort
Sandy Newman
Benny Neyman
Olivia Newton-John
Judy Niemack
Astrid Nijgh & Jan Rot
Willem Nijholt
Rob de Nijs
Nirvana
Noir Désir
O.
Orchestre Symphonique de RTL
P.
Saara Pakkasvirta
Florent Pagny
Gino Paoli
Paparazzi
Paper Chase
Bruce Parker
Doug Parkinson
Jean Claude Pascal
Danièle Pascal
Daniele Pascal
Guesch Patti
Freda Payne
Pearls Before Swine
Bart Peeters
Anne Peko
Henry Pelissier
Petra & Ferruccio
Nicolas Peyrac
The Pierre Hurel Trio
Siân Phillips
Vadim Piankov
Magda Piskorczyk
Les Pois Z’ont Rouges
Polo
Ronnie Potsdammer
Franck Pourcel
Praga Khan
Paty Pravo
Duilio Del Prete
Pumajaw
Purper
R.
Laurika Rauch
Jarkko Rantanen
Rapalje
Phil Rectra
Dean Reed
Serge Reggiani
Selma Reis
Nicolas Repac
Tine Reymer
Catherine Ribeiro
Patrick Riguelle
Markku Riikonen
Susana Rinaldi
Alma Ritano
Robert
Tom Robinson
Philippe Robrecht
Jimmie Rodgers
Laurens van Rooyen
Maarten van Roozendaal
Ângela Rô Rô
Stig Rossen
Leon Rosselon
Gildor Roy
Annie Royer
S.
Sylvia Syms
Harry Sacksioni
Sandler & Young (Tony Sandler & Ralph Young'")
Scala
Dirk Schäfer
Werner Schneyder
Jokke Schreurs Trio
Georges Schmitt
Secret Chiefs 3
The Seekers
Jean-Claude Seferian
The Sensational Alex Harvey Band
Ramses Shaffy
Sandie Shaw
Shlomi Shaban "not to be confused with Shlomi Shabat" 
Noar Shulayim
Shusha
Maat Sieben Howden
Nina Simone
Frank Sinatra
Eddie Skoller
Sleeping Pictures
Ernst Daniël Smid
Wende Snijders - zie "Wende"
The Spell
Frédérique Spigt
Spiritual Brothers
Dusty Springfield
Thérèse Steinmetz
Starflam
Stéphane & Didier
Berdien Stenberg
Sting
Stories from the moon
Evabritt Strandberg
'"Subincision (band)
Camille O'Sullivan
The Sword Vulcano Complex
T.
Tout Va Bien
Telstar
Jacky Terrasson
Têtes Raides
JP den Tex & Les Gueux
Toots Thielemans
Romain Tonazzi & Pascal
Michèle Torr
Emiliana Torrini
Dédé Traké
Tran Thai Hoa
Sylvie Tremblay
Jackie Trent
Triggerfinger
Mari Trini
Will Tura
U.
Henk van Ulsen
V.
Vaiana, Pierre
Conny Vandenbos
René Vandendorpe
Maurizio Vandelli
Ornella Vanoni
Sylvie Vartan
Jan Vayne
Herman van Veen
Regine Velasquez
Velvet Sound Orchestra
Anthony Ventura Orchestra
Johan Verminnen
Bobby Vinton
De Vliegende Panters
Volvere
VonBergh
David Vos
Luc de Vos
W.
Hessel van der Wal
The Walkabouts
Scott Walker
Dionne Warwick
Konstantin Wecker
Wende
Dottie West
Westlife
Cherry Wijdenbosch
Jeroen Willems
Andy Williams
Nancy Wilson
Edward Woodward
Nanette Workman
Y.
Glenn Yarbrough
Z.
Zakformaat XL
Georghe Zamfir
Zebda
Zeki Müren
Zinzin
Zita Swoon (onder de voormalige naam Moondog Jr.)

</doc>
<doc id="18797357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797357" title="Chopaka, British Columbia">
Chopaka, British Columbia

Chopaka is an unincorporated settlement near the US border on the west bank of the Similkameen River in the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Largely comprising two Indian Reserves, 'Chopaka IR No. 7 and Chopaka IR No. 8, the location was formerly listed as a railway station on the Burlington Northern Railway. There is a border crossing at Chopaka, open daily 9 AM to 5 PM. It is recommended to check with Canadian or US Customs to be sure one can cross the border here..
The name "Chopaka" is that of a legendary hunter of the Okanagan people who was turned to stone as Chopaka Mountain by Coyote.
The Chopaka Indian Reserves are under the governance of the Lower Similkameen Indian Band, based in Keremeos.

</doc>
<doc id="18797365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797365" title="Juan Bautista Agüero">
Juan Bautista Agüero

Juan Bautista Agüero Sánchez (born 24 June 1935 in Paraguay) is a retired football striker.
Career.
He started his career at Olimpia Asunción, which was at time coached by the great Aurelio González. There, Agüero won some national championships. He was later transferred to Sevilla FC of Spain, where he would spend 8 years, playing more than 100 games. For the 1965/1966, he signed for Real Madrid and he also had a brief stint in Granada CF.
Agüero was part of the Paraguay national football team that qualified for and played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, where he scored two goals for Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18797371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797371" title="1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Women's 4x100m Medley Relay">
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Women's 4x100m Medley Relay

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Women's 4×100 metres Medley Relay event at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships were held on the last day of the competition, on Sunday 20 April 1997 in Gothenburg, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="18797374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797374" title="Weyhill">
Weyhill

Weyhill is a village, three miles west of Andover, Hampshire. Within it there is a church, a nursing home, a pub and an historic Fairground site that houses a number of craft studios, a Village Hall and a Tearoom 
The historic Weyhill Fairground was the site used by Thomas Hardy in his book The Mayor of Casterbridge where Michael Henchard sells his wife. Hardy called it Weydon Priors. A fair has been held on the site as far back as the 11th Century.
In former times it had Weyhill railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18797382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797382" title="Henry Montgomery">
Henry Montgomery

Henry Montgomery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18797383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797383" title="Jotham Blanchard">
Jotham Blanchard

Jotham Blanchard (March 15, 1800 – July 14, 1839) was a lawyer, newspaper editor and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1830 to 1836. 
He was born in Peterborough, New Hampshire, United States, the son of Jonathan Blanchard and Sarah Goggins, and came to Truro, Nova Scotia with his parents in 1801. The family later settled at Pictou. Blanchard was educated at the Pictou Academy, went on to study law and was called to the bar in 1822. He became editor of the "Colonial Patriot" in Pictou in 1827. In 1832, he married Margaret Spears. Near the end of his term in the assembly, Blanchard's participation was limited due to poor health and he died in Truro at the age of 39.

</doc>
<doc id="18797385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797385" title="Aggregate Spend">
Aggregate Spend

Aggregate Spend is the process used in the USA to aggregate and monitor total amount spent by healthcare manufacturers on individual healthcare professionals and organizations (HCP/O) through payments, gifts, honoraria, travel and other means. Also often referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, this initiative is a growing body of federal and state legislations that collectively address all or some of the following goals:
Organizations monitored include (pharmaceutical, biotechnology and, in some states, medical device organizations).
U.S. federal laws.
On September 6, 2007, Senator Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) introduced the Physician Payments Sunshine Act of 2007 (S. 2029). In March 2008, Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Oregon) and Rep. Pete Stark (D-California) introduced a slightly different companion bill in the House of Representatives. (H.R. 5605). These bills were reintroduced in 111th Congress as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act of 2009 (S. 301 and H.R. 3138), again by Senator Chuck Grassley and in the House of Representatives by Rep. Baron Hill (D-Indiana). The bills all aimed to replace the differing state legislations with a single law, common to all 50 states. According to Ashley Glacel, the press secretary for the Senate Aging Committee, whose chairman, Herb Kohl, co-sponsored the bill, the Senate bill is more expansive because it also include Medical Device makers.
The bills would amend the Social Security Act "to provide for transparency in the relationship between physicians and manufacturers of drugs, devices, or medical supplies for which payment is made under Medicare, Medicaid, or SCHIP." The bill proposed that each quarter, beginning on January 1, 2008, companies or their agents which manufacture drugs, medical devices, or medical supplies would be required to disclose all payments over $25 in value made to "to a physician, or to an entity that a physician is employed by, has tenure with, or has an ownership interest in".
The bill would also require manufacturers to provide details on the date, value and nature of the payment, such as whether it was for "food, entertainment, or gifts", "trips or travel", "a product or other item provided for less than market value", "participation in a medical conference, continuing medical education, or other educational or informational program or seminar, provision of materials related to such a conference or educational or informational program or seminar, or remuneration for promoting or participating in such a conference or educational or informational program or seminar", "product rebates or discounts", "consulting fees or honoraria" or "any other economic benefit". Companies would be required to submit a summary report in electronic format. The proposed penalties for breaches were "not less than $10,000, but not more than $100,000", for each such failure.
The proposed federal law would undermine a stronger Vermont law if passed, according to state officials and advocacy groups. The reporting threshold under the proposed federal law is $500 - much higher than the $25 threshold found in a similar Vermont law passed five years ago. If passed, the federal bill would preempt the state law.
In May 2008, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America stated that they supported a revised version of the bill, but only on condition of "the continued inclusion of the provision that preempts state law". In a media statement, the PhRMA president, Billy Tauzi,n stated that "PhRMA believes that preempting local and state marketing reporting or disclosure laws that have been enacted or are pending avoids a confusing myriad of local, state and federal requirements that confuse patients accessing the information and are overly burdensome and costly for those required to report."
PPACA.
The federal bill was finally passed on March 21, 2010, as a provision under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care (PPAC) Act (https://www.cms.gov/LegislativeUpdate/downloads/PPACA.pdf), and several states — including California, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Maine, District of Columbia, West Virginia, Vermont and Nevada — have already passed their versions of the Sunshine Law. The federal law goes into effect from January 1, 2012, with the earliest reports (covering January - December 2012) mandated on or before March 31, 2013. The penalties range from $10,000 to $100,000 for each violation, and can go up to $1 million.
U.S. State Laws.
Aggregate Spend compliance has been affected by individual state law compliance, which requires healthcare manufacturers to address and collect distinct spend types to comply with disclosure requirements at the HCP/O aggregate level. Minnesota, West Virginia, Vermont, California, Nevada, and Washington D.C. all have some type of gift-giving limit or disclosure law. Starting in July 2009, Massachusetts and Vermont Gift Ban Law became active with bans of $5,000 and $10,000 per violation respectively. Other states are evaluating similar options as well. On June 29, 2011, the Maine legislature passed House Paper No. 530 which was subsequently signed into law by Governor LePage on July 8, 2011, effectively repealing Maine’s aggregate spend reporting requirements (22 MRSA §2698-A) 
Implementation challenges for life science companies.
This regulatory compliance requirement is especially challenging because of (a) data discrepancies across diverse sources of record; (b) state to state variations of the law; and, (c) the sheer volume of data that must be aggregated, cleansed, processed and filed.
Implementation challenges for the federal government.
The government has not yet (as of April 2011) provided or developed any standards which all companies should follow while submitting the data. This introduces the challenge of how the massively voluminous data—which will reach the Department of Health & Human Services by March 31, 2013—can be effectively analyzed for violations quickly enough. The Object Management Group has offered to develop a standard, and discussions are underway.

</doc>
<doc id="18797409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797409" title="Horalky">
Horalky

Horalky is a Slovak wafer bar with peanut filling and cocoa coating made by I.D.C. Holding, a.s. under the Sedita brand. It is the bestselling wafer of all time in Czech Republic and Slovakia since 1953. Horalky has been introduced in Poland in 2007 (in 2012 the name was changed to Góralki), and in Hungary late 2008.
The word Horalky is a shortened term of flower "Horec" and you can see the picture of these flowers on the wrap of the wafer, along with flower "Plesnivec".
The wafer is available in 5 different flavours: Peanuts — the most popular, Chocolate, Milk, Coconut and Hazelnut.

</doc>
<doc id="18797414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797414" title="Fort Lamotte">
Fort Lamotte

Fort Lamotte was a fort created between 1810 and 1812 by Baptists near Palestine, Illinois. It was the site of the Battle of Africa Point in the War of 1812, one of few battles of the war in the Illinois Territory. During the War of 1812 there were 26 families living in Fort LaMotte, and 90 rangers under the command of frontier officer Captain Pierce Andrews. It was in use through 1817 and is currently being recreated. The inhabitants of the Fort became the nucleus of Palestine. Fort Foot served as an expansion of and partial replacement for Fort Lamotte. 
A marker at Palestine indicates that Frenchman John Lamotte became separated from the Lasalle party and reached the region in 1678.
There is also a Fort Lamotte, Algeria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18797421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797421" title="I'll Walk">
I'll Walk

"I'll Walk" is the title of a song written by Brent Wilson and Lonnie Fowler, and recorded by American country music artist Bucky Covington. It was released in April 2008 as the third single from his self-titled debut album, and the third consecutive Top 20 country chart entry of his career. 
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo ballad built around the phrase "I'll walk," which is used in three different contexts within the story. In the first verse, the male narrator has an argument with his girlfriend while driving home from a high school prom, causing her to exit the car and tell him "I'll walk" (i.e., that she will walk home instead of having him drive home). In the second verse, she is hit by a vehicle, of whom its driver could not see her while coming around a curve due to her black dress. The boyfriend then rushes to the hospital to see her after having been told about the accident and that her legs have been crippled. Standing at the hospital bed, the male is then told again by his girl that she will walk, even after being informed about her crippled legs. The male explains in the bridge that he stood by her while she was injured. Finally in the third verse, the man and woman have reconciled and are about to get married. The woman, in a wheelchair, looks up to her father at the wedding, telling him that she will walk, instead of being pushed down the aisle in her wheelchair.
Reception.
The song has received mixed reviews. The song was labeled "thumbs down" and "a solid offering" on two different reviews from the same country music site The 9513. Reviewer Brady Vercher describes the song as a "tired formula with a happy ending," saying "it's been done before with better writing and a better delivery" which is in contradiction to Vercher's "solid offering" comment made regarding the same song a year earlier.
Chart performance.
"I'll Walk" peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, giving Covington his third consecutive top twenty, and second Top Ten hit from his debut album. 

</doc>
<doc id="18797428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797428" title="Glew, Buenos Aires">
Glew, Buenos Aires

Glew is a city in southern Almirante Brown Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. Its municipal area of holds a population of 57,878 (). Its located from Buenos Aires city, and connected to it by the Ferrocarril General Roca.
The city originated with the purchase of the land in 1857 by Juan Glew, who established an estancia there. He donated land for the extension of the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway in 1865, and a permanent settlement was founded at the site on August 14 by the name of "Pueblo Cambaceres" (in honor of Antonio Cambaceres, a distinguished writer and legislator who owned an adjacent lot). 
The Parish of St. Anne was consecrated in 1905. This small church was chosen in 1953 by a frequent summer visitor, painter Raúl Soldi, for the creation of a series of murals, and on his initiative, the Fundación Soldi was established in Glew in 1979 for the promotion of the arts. 

</doc>
<doc id="18797431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797431" title="Carlotta Giovannini">
Carlotta Giovannini

Carlotta Giovannini (born 5 July 1990 in Castel San Pietro Terme) is an Italian artistic gymnast who competed at her first international competition in 2003.
Giovannini has had considerable success at the European Level. She was a member of the historic Gold Medal winning Italian team at the 2006 European Championships in Volos, Greece. She followed this success by winning an individual Gold in the Vault Final at the 2007 European Championships in Amsterdam, Netherlands as well as a silver in the 2008 European Vault Final.
Giovannini competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics as a member of the Italian Olympic Team. Whilst the Italian team failed to progress to the final due to a number of mistakes in qualifications, Giovannini progressed to the individual Vault Final, where she placed sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="18797433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797433" title="Harry Hall (painter)">
Harry Hall (painter)

Harry Hall (c. 1814 – 22 April 1882) was an English equestrian painter, whose works were in demand by horse owners. His output was prolific and he was the foremost racehorse portraitist of his time: his style has been described as being "strikingly modern... when compared with many of his contemporaries". He also produced other types of portraits and shooting scenes.
Hall was born in Cambridge sometime around the middle of the second decade of the 19th century (dates of 1813, 1814, 1815, and 1816 are to be found in biographies). He first appeared as an artist at Tattersalls, working on a number of their publications; initially "British Racehorses" and "The Sporting Review". He graduated to become chief artist of "The Field". He produced a great volume of work, much of which was engraved. "The Sporting Magazine" published 114 plates by Hall. He also worked for "The Illustrated London News".

</doc>
<doc id="18797434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797434" title="Sigma Lambda Alpha honor society">
Sigma Lambda Alpha honor society

Sigma Lambda Alpha (ΣΛΑ) is a scholastic honor society recognizing academic achievement among students in the field of Landscape Architecture. 
The society was founded at University of Minnesota in 1977, and admitted to the Association of College Honor Societies in 1983, with full membership achieved in 1986.
Sigma Lambda Alpha honor society has 51 active chapters across the United States, and a total membership of around 8000.

</doc>
<doc id="18797435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797435" title="Wells Fargo Tower (Colorado Springs)">
Wells Fargo Tower (Colorado Springs)

Wells Fargo Tower, part of the Palmer Center complex, is the tallest building in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Before June 2000, the building was known as the Norwest Bank Tower.

</doc>
<doc id="18797468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797468" title="Delay certificate">
Delay certificate

A is a documentation of proof issued by a railway company that its scheduled passenger train arrived at a station later than what is stipulated in the company's scheduled timetable. 
This practice is only prevalent in private and public Japanese railway companies and Germany's Deutsche Bahn, where a well-established reputation for its trains' punctuality exists and its passengers take for granted that they always operate on time. Parisian RATP also issues such certificates under the name "bulletin de retard" if the delay is greater than 15 minutes. They can be used for example for late admission at university exams. In addition, a few bus companies in Japan have also adopted this practice.
The certificate is issued when delays as little as five minutes occur, and even for instances where the delay is caused by circumstances beyond the railway company's control (e.g. foul weather, person under train). Handwritten certificates or printouts given out (generally in 10 × 15 cm strips) by conductors or station staff can be collected by passengers affected by lateness or delay, who can then produce it to their superiors at school or work and considered as a valid reason for reporting late.
Major Japanese railway companies such as JR East, Tokyu Corporation and Tokyo Metro have introduced electronic versions of the delay certificates on their websites, which would remain there for a week or less. Affected passengers who were unable to or did not collect the certificate could alternatively access and download it into their mobile phones or computers, and print them out if necessary.

</doc>
<doc id="18797474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797474" title="Citrazinic acid">
Citrazinic acid

Citrazinic acid is a heterocyclic compound consisting of a dihydropyridine ring derived from citric acid. The yellow solid exists as multiple tautomers; as seen also for the simpler 2-pyridone.
Citrazinic acid is very sparingly soluble in water, acid and methanol but is soluble in basic solutions (e.g. ammonia water). For NMR purposes it is also sparingly soluble in d6-DMSO (2H, 6.20 ppm).

</doc>
<doc id="18797482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797482" title="List of Red Star Belgrade basketball coaches">
List of Red Star Belgrade basketball coaches


</doc>
<doc id="18797490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797490" title="Red River National Wildlife Refuge">
Red River National Wildlife Refuge

The Red River National Wildlife Refuge (established 2001) is a preservation project which will ultimately consist of approximately of United States federal lands and water along that section of the Red River between Colfax in Grant Parish, Louisiana, and the Arkansas state line, a distance of approximately . Currently the refuge has acquired approximately of the proposed .
The four focus areas for land purchase are:

</doc>
<doc id="18797493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797493" title="Rochdale A.F.C. (1896)">
Rochdale A.F.C. (1896)

Rochdale A.F.C. were a football team from Rochdale, Lancashire, which existed for five years around the turn of the 20th century. The club have no connection with the present day Rochdale A.F.C. other than the name and ground, which thus makes the current club a spiritual successor.
History.
In the late 19th century the predominant team sport in Rochdale was rugby, in contrast to nearby towns such as Bury and Bolton where association football was the dominant code. The town did not have an association football club until 1896, when the Rochdale Athletic Club and the Rochdale Athletic Ground Company formed Rochdale A.F.C. The club joined the Lancashire Combination for the 1896–97 season, finishing sixth. The following year they transferred to the Lancashire League, but met with less success, finishing twelfth out of fourteen teams in 1897–98. The club also entered the FA Cup for the first time, reaching the second qualifying round. During this season future Huddersfield Town and Arsenal manager Herbert Chapman played for the club, before moving on to Grimsby Town
In the next two seasons the club continued to dwell in the lower reaches of the Lancashire League, with ninth place in 1899–1900 their highest finish. At the end of this season the club left the Athletic Grounds to play at St. Clements, the ground now known as Spotland. The move coincided with financial hardship, and the team withdrew from the Lancashire League. The club entered the following season's FA Cup, winning two ties, but were unable to field a team for their third qualifying round tie against Workington. The club folded on 1 January 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="18797498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797498" title="Experimental Mathematics (journal)">
Experimental Mathematics (journal)

Experimental Mathematics is a quarterly scientific journal of mathematics published by A K Peters, Ltd. until 2004, now by Taylor & Francis. The journal publishes papers in experimental mathematics, broadly construed. The journal's mission statement describes its scope as follows: "Experimental Mathematics publishes original papers featuring formal results inspired by experimentation, conjectures suggested by experiments, and data supporting significant hypotheses." the editor-in-chief is Sergei Tabachnikov (ICERM, Brown University).
History.
"Experimental Mathematics" was established in 1992 by David Epstein, Silvio Levy, and Klaus Peters. "Experimental Mathematics" was the first mathematical research journal to concentrate on experimental mathematics and to explicitly acknowledge its importance for mathematics as a general research field. The journal's launching was described as "something of a watershed". Indeed, the launching of the journal in 1992 was surrounded by some controversy in the mathematical community about the value and validity of experimentation in mathematical research. Some critics of the new journal suggested that it be renamed as the "Journal of Unproved Theorems". In a 1995 article in the "Notices of the American Mathematical Society", in part responding to such criticism, Epstein and Levy described the journal's aims as follows:
But the main difference reflects the philosophy above: we are interested not only in theorems and proofs but also in the way in which they have been or can be reached. Note that we do value proofs: experimentally inspired results that can be proved are more desirable than conjectural ones. However, we do publish significant conjectures or explorations in the hope of inspiring other, perhaps better-equipped researchers to carry on the investigation. The objective of Experimental Mathematics is to play a role in the discovery of formal proofs, not to displace them.
In recent years a number of other research journals in pure mathematics have substantially expanded their coverage of experimental mathematics and new journals devoted in large part to experimental mathematics have been launched. Thus, in 1998 the London Mathematical Society launched "LMS Journal of Computation and Mathematics" and in 2004 the "Journal of Algebra" started a new section called "Computational Algebra".
Despite the initial controversy, "Experimental Mathematics" quickly established a solid reputation and is now a highly respected mathematical publication. The journal is reviewed cover-to-cover in "Mathematical Reviews" and "Zentralblatt MATH" and is indexed in the Web of Science. According to the 2012 Journal Citation Reports, its impact factor is 0.731, ranking it 86th out of 295 in the category Mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="18797504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797504" title="Black Bill">
Black Bill

Black Bill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18797510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797510" title="Dirk Brouwer (architect)">
Dirk Brouwer (architect)

Dirk Brouwer (born 1899 in Alkmaar - executed 1941 at Overveen) was a Dutch architect. His father was a concierge at a local technical school. 
After three years of studies Dirk Brouwer learned from various architects and attended a course for Higher Architectural Education in Amsterdam.
His buildings were designed according to the Amsterdam School and he cooperated with Willem Marinus Dudok, a notable assertor of Modernism, thus Brouwer's style was influenced. In 1938 he designed the backside and possibly also the dome light of the Bijenkorf department store in Amsterdam. He also built the HEMA store in Heerlen. 
In World War II he joined the resistance and the editors of the illegal magazine Vrij Nederland. He was therefore executed by German troops in the dunes near Overveen in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18797515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797515" title="Glenn Phillips">
Glenn Phillips

Glenn Phillips is a guitarist and composer with a dozen albums released under his own name. He has also played on many other recordings, including those by his first group, the Hampton Grease Band.
Career.
Phillips was a founding member, guitarist and songwriter for the obscure Hampton Grease Band, which formed in 1967. Their double LP "Music to Eat" was released on Columbia Records in 1971 and went on to become a much sought after collector's item. It was also cited as an influence by later groups like Widespread Panic, Phish, and Pere Ubu. In 1996, it was rereleased by Sony to a great deal of acclaim (In June 1996, "Spin" magazine gave it a 9 out 10 "Near Perfect" rating). Over the course of the band's six-year career, they played with a wide variety of groups, including the Grateful Dead, Jimi Hendrix, The Allman Brothers Band and Frank Zappa. Zappa was a big fan of the band, and they played with him at the Fillmore East; Phillips jammed with Zappa that evening, as did John Lennon and Yoko Ono.
Phillips' solo career began in 1973. He frequently sat in with Little Feat back then, and in an interview, Lowell George called him "the most amazing guitarist I've ever seen." Phillips recorded his first solo LP "Lost at Sea" in his home and put it out himself in 1975. The record anticipated the do-it-yourself movement that later overtook rock music. The highly influential British DJ John Peel played the LP - then only available there on import - regularly on the BBC; it subsequently came second in a reader's poll held by Britain's leading music paper "Melody Maker". Phillips was then contacted by the head of Virgin Records, Richard Branson (later to start up further companies under the Virgin brand) who signed Phillips and released "Lost at Sea" on Virgin's subsidiary Caroline Records label. To support this release, Phillips toured Europe extensively - including a show at London's famous Rainbow Theatre.
Since then, Phillips has toured frequently, and the fact that his music fits into no particular niche has led to a wide spectrum of double-bills over the years with groups as varied as Captain Beefheart, Eric Johnson, Bo Diddley, Patti Smith, Roy Buchanan, Talking Heads, Albert King, Joe Satriani and The Ventures. During that time, his albums have garnered a great deal of critical acclaim, and those reviews focus on the unique, unclassifiable nature of his music; its intensely emotional impact; and his seemingly limitless virtuosity. "Guitar World" (Nov. 1983) compared him to Hendrix and Jeff Beck, and his double-CD retrospective "Echoes 1975-1985" received a 4-star review in "Rolling Stone" (Jan. 21, 1993), as did his "Supreme Court" album with Jeff Calder (of The Swimming Pool Q's).
Phillips has also collaborated with Bob Weir of the Grateful Dead and Pete Buck of R.E.M., who said this about him in "Musician" magazine: "One of the reasons I don't play solos is because I grew up listening to Glenn Phillips. He never ceases to amaze me." He's also recorded several albums with Henry Kaiser (one of which received San Francisco's coveted Bammy award). His music has regularly been played on NPR since 1990.
References.
Guitar - June 1996 

</doc>
<doc id="18797530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797530" title="Monica Bergamelli">
Monica Bergamelli

Monica Bergamelli (Born 24 May 1984 in Bergamo) is an Italian artistic gymnast who competed at her first international competition in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18797537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797537" title="Nigel Smith (footballer born 1958)">
Nigel Smith (footballer born 1958)

Nigel Smith (born 3 January 1958 in Banstead, Surrey) is an English former footballer who played as a central defender in the Football League for Brentford and Cambridge United.

</doc>
<doc id="18797576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797576" title="Peter Kass">
Peter Kass

Peter Meyer Kass (April 28, 1923 – 4 August 2008) was an American theater actor and director who became a well-known teacher. His mentor Clifford Odets chose Kass to direct and develop "The Country Girl" before it opened on Broadway. Kass played Frank Elgin, the male lead. 
Kass later directed four Broadway plays, including a short-lived revival of Odets' "Night Music" and Lorraine Hansberry's "The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window", and he directed for television on "" and for films, including "Time of the Heathen".
Kass taught at Boston University in the 1950s, then at New York University in the 1960s and 1970s before becoming a private instructor. Students included Olympia Dukakis, Faye Dunaway, John Cazale, Maureen Stapleton and Val Kilmer.
Kass was born in Brooklyn and was a lifelong resident. He died of heart failure in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="18797584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797584" title="Leonel Paulo">
Leonel Paulo

Leonel Ditutala Paulo (born 30 April 1986) is an Angolan basketball player and a member of the Angola national basketball team. He competed for Angola at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He stands .
He is currently playing for Petro Atlético at the Angolan major basketball league BAI Basket.
See also.
Angola national basketball team

</doc>
<doc id="18797585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797585" title="Otrębusy">
Otrębusy

Otrębusy is a village in Poland, in Masovian Voivodship, to the west of Warsaw in the Gmina Brwinów.
History.
The first mention of Otrębusy come from "Księgi Błońskie Ziemskie" from 1525 and 1534. Latin spelling was used then: Otrambusche. Another source is "Spis parafii województwa mazowieckiego" (parish index of Masovian voivodship) from first half of the sixteenth century.
In 1948, in Karolin State Folk Group of Song and Dance 'Mazowsze' was founded.
In 1970 efforts to establish a parish begun. However, St. Mary the Virgin Mother of Church parish has been established in 1985.
Currently there are over 2000 residents in Otrębusy.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18797598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797598" title="Marine Debauve">
Marine Debauve

Marine Debauve (born September 3, 1988) is a French artistic gymnast who competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics. As the 2005 all-around European Champion, Debauve is also the first French female gymnast to win a major international all-around title. She was also the 2003 French all-around national champion.
Gymnastics career.
Debauve first became interested in gymnastics at the age of 4 and participated in her first international competition at the age of 11. In 2003 she won the all-around French championship and took part in her first world championships. She represented her country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece finishing 6th in the team event. In the all-around final she finished in seventh place, the highest ranking ever achieved by a French gymnast at the Olympics. A year later she was all-around champion at the 2005 European Championships, becoming the first Frenchwoman to win a major international all-around title.
Although she initially retired in 2005 after winning the European Championships, Debauve returned to compete for France at the 2008 Summer Olympics. In the team final the French team finished in seventh place. Debauve currently lives in Paris and is coached by Yves Kieffer and Marjorie Heuls.

</doc>
<doc id="18797606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797606" title="List of compositions by Iannis Xenakis">
List of compositions by Iannis Xenakis

This article presents a complete list of compositions by Iannis Xenakis, organized by instrumentation. Within each category, the works are arranged chronologically by year of composition.
Unpublished or withdrawn.
This section lists early pieces by Xenakis that have not been published during his lifetime, and works that were withdrawn from the catalogue by the composer himself, for various reasons. 

</doc>
<doc id="18797609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797609" title="Johann Karl Wezel">
Johann Karl Wezel

Johann Karl Wezel (b. October 31, 1747 in Sondershausen, Germany, d. January 28, 1819 in Sondershausen), also Johann Carl Wezel, was a German poet, novelist and philosopher of the Enlightenment.
Life.
Born the son of domestic servants, Wezel studied Theology, Law, Philosophy and Philology at the University of Leipzig. Early philosophical Influences include John Locke and Julien Offray de La Mettrie. After positions as tutor at the courts of Bautzen and Berlin, Wezel lived as a freelance writer. A short stay in Vienna did not result in him getting employed by the local national theater. He thus moved back to Leipzig and, in 1793, to Sondershausen, which he did not leave again until his death in 1819.
Although his works were extremely successful when they were published, Wezel was almost forgotten when he died. His rediscovery in the second half of the 20th century is mainly due to German author Arno Schmidt who published a radio essay about him in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18797612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797612" title="James Arthur Banks">
James Arthur Banks

James Arthur Banks (1897 – 1 December 1967) was a Scottish civil engineer.
Banks was born in Glasgow in 1897. He initially trained as a structural engineer and then joined Babtie, Shaw and Morton in 1921 to train as a civil engineer. He worked in England and the USA and returned to Babtie, Shaw and Morton in 1929. His speciality was the design and construction of dams for water supply and power generation, commencing with Afton Reservoir. He became a partner of the firm in 1931 and was senior partner from 1940 to 1966.
He was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire in 1944. He was appointed an officer of the same order in the New Year Honours of 1947 and a Commander of the Royal Victorian Order on 31 May 1963. From 1961 Banks was chairman of the International Commission on Large Dams and was Consulting Engineer to Queen Elizabeth II for the Balmoral Estate and a member of the Court of the University of Strathclyde. He served as president of the Institution of Civil Engineers from November 1965 to November 1966 and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh on 6 March 1967.
He died on 1 December 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18797613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797613" title="Claypole, Buenos Aires">
Claypole, Buenos Aires

Claypole is an Argentine city located in the southern part of the Almirante Brown Partido, Buenos Aires Province with a population of 41,176 ().
History.
The lands were purchased by the Franciscan Congregation to establish a farm and provide produce to their convent in Buenos Aires, and after a few years it was purchased by the Obligado family. Julia Obligado, by then married to Pedro Claypole, donated the land for the local train station in 1876 upon the announcement of plans for a Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway line in the area. The station was thus named for Pedro Claypole, and the arrival of the first train on April 15, 1884, became the establishment date of the town itself.
The town's first school, "Ejército de los Andes", was opened in 1906 at the home of a Mrs. Hebbel, later operated at the home of the Baile family. The "Pequeño Cottolengo Argentino de Don Orione" school opened in 1935, transforming the previous school into a Christian center for the needy.
Furst-Zapiola, a prominent local realty, later donated lots for local institutions such as School Nº 10, the Police Station, the Local Development Society, the Post Office, and City Delegation Hall. The "Centro Tradicionalista Viejo Gaucho", a society for the promotion of gaucho traditions, was established in 1991 in Claypole by Antonio Marcatario. 
Sports.
The city is the site of Club Atlético Claypole which plays at the fifth level league Primera D of Argentine football.

</doc>
<doc id="18797654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797654" title="Prussian T 18">
Prussian T 18

The Prussian Class T 18s were the last tank locomotives developed for the Prussian state railways. They were originally intended for services on the island of Rügen as replacements for Class T 12 and T 10 engines. They emerged when a class of locomotive was conceived in 1912 that was to handle express and passenger trains in border areas or in shuttle services on short routes. A tank engine design with symmetrical running gear was envisaged because, unlike a tender locomotive, it could run equally fast forwards and backwards and could be operated on return journeys without having to be turned on a turntable. Its power and top speed were to be the same as those of the P 8. Robert Garbe designed this 4-6-4 (2'C2') tank locomotive for 100 km/h with a 17 ton axle load and contracted the "Vulkan Werke" in Stettin to build it. It was given the designation T 18. 
A total of 534 engines were built from 1912 to 1927, mainly by the Stettiner Maschinenbau AG Vulcan and, from 1923, also by Henschel, of which 458 alone went to the Prussian state railways and, subsequently, the Deutsche Reichsbahn. The Royal Württemberg State Railways received 20 T 18s in 1919, the Imperial Railways in Alsace-Lorraine 27 also in 1919, the Saar Railway ("Saarbahn") 27 between 1922–25 and the Eutin-Lübeck Railway ("Eutin-Lübecker Eisenbahn") one in each of the years 1936 and 1939.
The Reichsbahn took over 460 vehicles from Prussia and 20 from the Royal Württemberg State Railways, incorporating them into DRG Class 78 with operating numbers 78 001–282 and 78 351–528. Of these, number 78 093 came from Alsace-Lorraine and numbers 78 146–165 from Württemberg. Later the engines from the Saar Railway were numbered 78 283–328 and those of the Eutin-Lübeck Railway as 78 329 and 330. 
The Deutsche Bundesbahn took over 424 engines and the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany 53 examples. In 1968 only 35 engines remained with the DR in East Germany. In 1965 the DR fitted the majority of its engines with "Giesl" chimneys and " Witte" smoke deflectors. From 1968 the DB locomotives were reclassified into Class 078; in 1970 the DR regrouped its locomotives into Class 78.1.
The PKP took over some locomotives, classifying them as OKo 1.
The DB converted several Class 78s for push-pull running e.g. between Frankfurt and Wiesbaden. Because the engine driver in the driving coach could only work the brake, operation of the regulator and reversing gear was carried out by specially trained stokers as signalled by the engine driver. The last locomotives were retired by the DB in the mid-1970s at Rottweil locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk" or "Bw"). The farewell journey for this engine class and, at the same time for the Class 38s (Prussian P 8), took place on 31 December 1974. The event was organised by the "Zollern Railway Friends". The trip was even reported on the German television channel, ARD.
Preserved Locomotives.
Several T 18 are preserved in museums:

</doc>
<doc id="18797656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797656" title="Shell Keys National Wildlife Refuge">
Shell Keys National Wildlife Refuge

Shell Keys National Wildlife Refuge is located in the offshore waters to the west of the Atchafalaya River Delta, south of Marsh Island Wildlife Management Area. It was established in 1907 and is one of the oldest refuges in the National Wildlife Refuge System.
Boundary.
Due to coastal erosion, the refuge boundary is not well defined. It has been described as "... a small group of unsurveyed islets located in the Gulf of Mexico about three and one half miles south of Marsh Island (Louisiana), and approximately at latitude 29 degrees 26 minutes north, longitude 91 degrees 51 minutes west from Greenwich..." The boundary of the refuge has been interpreted to be those areas in this vicinity that are above mean high tide.
Wildlife and habitat.
For a number of years, there has been only one islet at this location. This islet is composed almost entirely of shell fragments. It is extremely dynamic and builds or recedes with passing storms. Vegetation is almost entirely lacking. Birds known to nest here include royal terns, sandwich terns, black skimmers, and laughing gulls. In addition, the islet is used at various times as a loafing area by white pelicans, brown pelicans, and various other species of terns and gulls. Recent hurricanes and storms have eroded the island to such an extent that no nesting has occurred since 1992. Public access to the refuge is restricted due to its remoteness.

</doc>
<doc id="18797664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797664" title="Kevin Jonas">
Kevin Jonas

Paul Kevin Jonas II (born November 5, 1987), better known as Kevin Jonas and KJ2, is an American musician and actor. He is the oldest member of the Jonas Brothers, a pop rock band he created with his younger brothers Joe and Nick. In 2008, he appeared on "People" magazine's list of the Sexiest Men Alive. On December 19, 2009, he married Danielle Deleasa, whom he had met in the Bahamas in summer of 2007. As of August 2012, Jonas and his wife star in their own E! reality series, "Married to Jonas".
Early life.
Kevin Jonas was born in Teaneck, New Jersey, and grew up in Wyckoff. His mother, Denise Marie (née Miller), is a former sign language teacher and singer, and his father, Paul Kevin Jonas, Sr., is a songwriter, musician, and former ordained minister at an Assemblies of God church. He is of Italian (from a great-grandfather), German, English, Irish, Scottish, Cherokee, and French-Canadian descent. He has three younger brothers, Joe (born 1989), Nick (born 1992) and Frankie (born 2000).
Career.
Music.
In early 2005, Columbia Records' new president, Steve Greenberg, listened to Nick's record. While Greenberg did not like the album, he did like Nick's voice. After hearing the song "Please Be Mine", written and performed by all the brothers, Daylight/Columbia Records decided to sign the three as a group act. After being signed to Columbia, the brothers considered naming their group "Sons of Jonas" before settling on the name "Jonas Brothers".
"It's About Time", the brothers' first album, was released on August 8, 2006. According to the band's manager, it was only a "limited release" of a little over 50,000 copies. Because Sony was not interested in further promoting the band, the Jonas Brothers then considered switching labels. The band was ultimately dropped by Columbia Records in early 2007.
After shortly being without a label, the Jonas Brothers signed with Hollywood Records in February 2007.
Around the same time, the brothers began appearing in GAP commercials for Baby Bottle Pops, singing the jingle. Their self-titled second album, "Jonas Brothers", was released on August 7, 2007. It reached number five on the "Billboard" Hot 200 chart in its first week.
The Jonas Brothers' third studio album, "A Little Bit Longer", was released in the United States on August 12, 2008 and peaked at #1 on the "Billboard" 200.
On June 16, 2009, the brothers' fourth studio album, and third release under Hollywood Records, entitled "Lines, Vines, and Trying Times" was released. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard 200 with 247,000 copies sold. It was announced on May 1, 2012, that the Jonas Brothers parted ways with their record label Hollywood Records, and bought the rights to their music.
Acting.
On August 17, 2007, Jonas and his brothers guest-starred in an episode of "Hannah Montana" entitled Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas. The episode debuted alongside the television film "High School Musical 2" and a sneak peek of the new Disney Channel show "Phineas and Ferb". The episode broke basic cable records with a record 10.7 million viewers and became basic cable's most watched series telecast ever.
Jonas and his brothers filmed the Disney Channel Original Movie "Camp Rock", where they played a band called "Connect Three". Kevin played Jason, a guitarist; Nick played Nate, also a guitarist; and Joe played the lead male role and lead singer, Shane Gray. A soundtrack for the movie was released on June 17, 2008. The movie premiered on June 20, 2008 in the U.S.A., on Disney Channel, and Canada, on Family. Production began on the sequel, "", in September 2009, and the film premiered on September 3, 2010.
The Disney Channel reality short series, "", premiered on Disney Channel on May 16, 2008. The show, which ran until September 5, 2008, documented the brothers' lives on the "Look Me in the Eyes" Tour. The name was inspired by their hit song "When You Look Me in the Eyes". The series was renewed for a second season that premiered on March 21, 2010. The second season followed the band on the European leg of their World Tour 2009.
He and Joe, Nick, and Frankie starred in their own Disney Channel Original Series, "JONAS", which premiered May 2, 2009. The show was renewed for a second season that premiered on June 20, 2010 as "Jonas L.A.", centering on the three brothers on summer vacation, in their Los Angeles vacation house with Stella and Macy.
Jonas appeared on MTV's fourth episode of "When I Was 17" (Season 1), talking about his memories from when he was seventeen.
Kevin Jonas guest hosted on "Live with Kelly" on December 13, 2011 making him the second brother besides Nick to have the honor of doing so. He co-hosted the show a second time on July 4, 2012.
Kevin currently appears in an E! reality series alongside his wife Danielle and brothers Nick and Joe, which started on August 19, 2012. Produced by Ryan Seacrest, "Married to Jonas" documents the young couple's domestic life as well as the brothers' recording efforts as they prepare to release their newest group album.
Personal life.
Jonas married Danielle Deleasa, a former hairdresser, at Oheka Castle on December 19, 2009, with his brothers Joe and Nick as his best men. The couple first met while on vacation with their families in The Bahamas in May 2007. They have one daughter, Alena Rose Jonas, born on February 2, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18797687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797687" title="Chile national beach soccer team">
Chile national beach soccer team

The Chile national beach soccer team represents Chile in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the FFC, the governing body for football in Chile.
Current squad.
"Correct as of July 2008"

</doc>
<doc id="18797724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797724" title="Joseph Maria Koudelka">
Joseph Maria Koudelka

Joseph Maria Koudelka (December 8, 1852 – June 24, 1921) was the second Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Superior, in Superior, Wisconsin.
Born in Bohemia (now Austria), Koudelka was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood was November 29, 1875, for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland, in Cleveland, Ohio. On November 29, 1907, Pope Pius X appointed him auxiliary bishop of the Cleveland Diocese and he was ordained a bishop on February 25, 1908. On June 24, 1911 Pope Pius X appointed him auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. On April 6, 1913, Pope Pius X appointed Bishop Koudelka bishop of the Superior Diocese, where he died.

</doc>
<doc id="18797725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797725" title="Dominik Meichtry">
Dominik Meichtry

Dominik Meichtry (born November 18, 1984) is a Swiss swimmer specializing in the middle distance freestyle events. He currently holds six Swiss national records (long course and short course).
Meichtry has won 31 individual Swiss national medals, 25 gold, 6 silver. He has been competing on the international stage since the 2002 European Championships in Berlin. He was voted as Switzerland's top 10 male Athletes in 2008 and won athlete of the year in his canton of St. Gallen.
College.
Meichtry committed to the University of California, Berkeley in the spring of 2004 and started school in January 2005. He was a multiple All-American for the Golden Bears and placed 2nd at the 2007 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAAs) competition. He was voted team captain of the CAL men's swim team his junior and senior year guiding the bears to a 4th place finish at the 2008 NCAAs. 
Meichtry graduated in spring 2009 with a degree in psychology and sociology.
Meichtry trained at The Race Club, a summer swimming camp founded by Olympic Swimmers Gary Hall, Jr. and his father, Gary Hall, Sr. The Race Club, originally known as "The World Team," was designed to serve as a training group for elite swimmers across the world in preparation for the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games. To be able to train with the Race Club, one must either have been ranked in the top 20 in the world the past 3 calendar years or top 3 in their nation in the past year. The Race Club included such well known swimmers as Roland Mark Schoeman, Mark Foster, Ryk Neethling, and Therese Alshammar.
2008.
Meichtry broke out on the international stage at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he swam the 8th fastest time ever recorded in the 200m Freestyle event. In the process, he beat the likes of Michael Phelps to become the first Swiss swimmer to be the top seed going into semi finals. In the 200m Freestyle final he finished sixth in the event. Meichtry also became the first Swiss to break the 49 second barrier when he led off the 4x100 Freestyle relay in 48.96. Later in the competition he lowered his own record to 48.55 in the 100 Freestyle event.
In December 2008 Meichtry won his first international medal at the 2008 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Rijeka, Croatia. He won the silver medal in the 200m Freestyle and missed out on the European crown by 0.02s.
2009 - present.
Meichtry moved his training base to Southern California in fall of 2009 to train with Dave Salo for Trojan Swim Club out of the University of Southern California. Under the guidance of Dave Salo, Meichtry qualified for his 3rd Olympic Games at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China. There he placed 7th in the 200m Freestyle in a time of 1:47.02 and swam a new national record in the 100m Butterfly event.
Personal life.
Meichtry married American Olympic swimmer Jessica Hardy on October 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18797735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797735" title="Gerald Allen">
Gerald Allen

Life.
Allen was born into a clerical family, being the eldest son of The Reverend T.K. Allen, sometime Vicar of Weyhill. He was educated at Cheltenham College, later serving as a member of the College Council (1923–51) and President of the College (1939–51). He was a scholar of Wadham College, Oxford, earning first-class honours in the Final Honour School of Theology in 1908, and in 1910 being elected Denyer and Johnson Theological Scholar and receiving the Ellerton Essay Prize. He studied briefly at Wells Theological College in 1908 and was ordained deacon the same year, when he had just satisfied the canonical requirement for candidates for ordination to have attained twenty-three years of age. Both his youth and the brevity of his training were quite normal at the time.
His first appointment was as Chaplain to Wadham (1908–10) and he was ordained priest in 1909. From 1910 until 1920 he was Fellow, Dean, and Chaplain of Pembroke College (Honorary Fellow 1934). He was Temporary Chaplain to the Forces 1917-18 and Chaplain to the Royal Air Force 1918-19. In 1920 he returned to Oxford as Senior Proctor (1920–21) and Principal of St Edmund Hall (1920–28; Honorary Fellow 1942), assuming office at the age of just thirty-five. From 1923 until 1928 he was a member of the Hebdomadal Council of the University of Oxford.
From 1928 until 1936 he was the second Bishop of Sherborne. He returned to Oxford in 1936, where he was Archdeacon of Oxford and Canon of Christ Church until 1952. He was also Assistant Bishop of Oxford 1936-39 and served as the first modern Bishop of Dorchester 1939-52.
A man with the widest sympathies and the most excellent personal relations, he resigned in 1952 and died in retirement at Cheltenham four years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18797753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797753" title="Iodomethylzinc iodide">
Iodomethylzinc iodide

Iodomethylzinc iodide is the active reagent in the Simmons–Smith reaction. For example, iodomethylzinc iodide, formed "in situ" from diiodomethane and a zinc-copper couple reacts with cyclohexene to give norcarane (bicyclo[4.1.0]heptane).
Iodomethylzinc iodide may also be generated by the reaction of diazomethane with zinc iodide, or by the reaction of methylene iodide with diethylzinc.

</doc>
<doc id="18797755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797755" title="Petri Virtanen">
Petri Virtanen

Petri Virtanen (born September 18, 1980 in Jyväskylä) is a Finnish basketball player. He stands 1.83 m tall and plays as a guard in Joensuun Kataja. Virtanen is a member of the Finland national basketball team. In FIBA EuroCup of 2007-08, playing for Lappeenrannan NMKY, he was one of the best scorers of the tournament averaging 16.2 points per game.

</doc>
<doc id="18797759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797759" title="13th Intelligence Squadron">
13th Intelligence Squadron

The 13th Intelligence Squadron (13 IS) is part of the 548th Intelligence Group at Beale Air Force Base. It is one of the exploitation units for the Lockheed U2 (operated out of Beale AFB), MQ-1 Predator and MQ-9 Reaper (operated out of Nellis, NV) and RQ-4 Global Hawk (operated by the 12th Reconnaissance Squadron, also at Beale AFB) unmanned aircraft conducting reconnaissance and surveillance missions.
Mission.
The mission of the 13 IS is to operate Distributed Ground Station-2 (DGS-2), and conduct exploitation of intelligence data collected by the U-2 and Global Hawk and Predator unmanned aerial vehicles, while providing actionable, multisource combat intelligence to combatant commanders.
History.
Activated in 1994, the 13th has exploited intelligence from the deployable, long-endurance RQ-4 Global Hawk (which is operated by the 12th Reconnaissance Squadron to fulfill training and operational requirements generated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff in support of unified commanders and the Secretary of Defense). The 1st Reconnaissance Squadron (Beale AFB, CA) currently trains all RQ-4A pilots and sensor operators.
The 13th Intelligence Squadron has a proud history dating back to the Second World War. The unit was originally constituted on 1 February 1945, as the 13th Photographic Technical Unit at Maastricht, the Netherlands. In April 1945, the unit reported to France. In May 1945 following the allied advance, the 13th reported to Germany where it was assigned to the 363rd Tactical Reconnaissance Group. On 20 November 1945, at the close of World War II, the 13th was inactivated. 
The unit was reactivated as the 13th Reconnaissance Technical Squadron on 10 April 1963 at Ton Son Nhut Airfield, Republic of Vietnam. The 13th conducted tactical reconnaissance photo-processing and exploitation focused on Vietnam. On 15 June 1967, the unit moved to Clark Air Base, Philippines until it was again inactivated on 15 June 1971. 
In 1992, the 548th Air Intelligence Group (AIG) Detachment 1 was activated at Beale AFB, CA to prepare a site for Contingency Airborne Reconnaissance System (CARS), Deployable Ground Station Two (DGS-2). On 29 September 1994, the 548th AIG Det. 1 was re-designated the 13th Intelligence Squadron. The unit was charged with conducting near-real-time imagery exploitation and all-source analysis of U-2 derived intelligence. Using state-of-the-art ground and satellite relays, DGS-2 crews pioneered the practice of “reach-back” collection, using sensors on board a U-2 aircraft operating half-way around the world as if they were virtually on board the aircraft. 
In August 1995, the 13th IS, as part of DGS-2, supported operation DELIBERATE FORCE, a brief NATO air campaign in the former Yugoslav Republic of Bosnia- Herzegovina. In November 1995, DGS-2 began participating in Operation JOINT GUARDIAN to support multi-national peacekeeping forces in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Because of its outstanding performance, completing over 450 successful missions, the 13th Intelligence Squadron was awarded the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency’s National Intelligence Meritorious Unit Citation for 1996 and 1997. 
In January 1998, the 13th IS conducted the first Joint Chiefs of Staff operational tasking utilizing the Extended Tether Program (ETP) architecture. ETP provide DGS-2 with a worldwide, quickly deployable two-way satellite link to the U-2 aircraft. This operation, known as BITTER DISTANT, was a counter-drug operation in the USSOUTHCOM area of operations. In October 1998, DGS-2 began 24/7 surveillance and reconnaissance operations to monitor the deteriorating situation in Kosovo. On 24 March 1999, NATO-led Operation ALLIED FORCE was launched with the aim of expelling Serbian forces from the province of Kosovo. DGS-2 participated in operation ALLIED FORCE for its duration, supporting 190 U-2 sorties over 78 days. In addition, DGS-2 conducted processing, exploitation, and dissemination for the PREDATOR unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) during the first combat employment of a UAV to laser designate targets for precision-guided munitions. DGS-2 is credited with the destruction of 39 SAM systems and 28 aircraft during this operation.
During its 53-year history, the 13th Intelligence Squadron has been recognized for many milestone accomplishments. Together with the 48th Intelligence Squadron, DGS-2 leads the cutting edge of the United States military’s Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Operations.

</doc>
<doc id="18797762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797762" title="Still of the Night">
Still of the Night

Still of the Night may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18797777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797777" title="Dmitri Barsouk">
Dmitri Barsouk

Dmitri Barsouk (born January 20, 1980) is a beach volleyball player from Russia, who represents his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 
In August, 2008 at the "A1 Beach Volleyball Grand Slam presented by NOKIA" in Klagenfurt, Austria, Barsouk and team mate Igor Kolodinsky won their first Swatch FIVB World Tour gold medal.
Sponsors.
Swatch

</doc>
<doc id="18797790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797790" title="West Indies Power">
West Indies Power

West Indies Power is a geothermal power company registered in the Netherlands Antilles and with the head office in Charlestown, Saint Kitts and Nevis. It has geothermal power development activities in Nevis, Saba and Dominica.
Projects at Nevis.
At Nevis, West Indies Power has two geothermal projects. These projects, if completed, will make Saint Kitts and Nevis the first country in the Caribbean to utilize large-scale geothermal energy, and one of the least dependent nations in the world on fossil-fuels. West Indies Power is also looking at a third geothermal project in Nevis.
Nevis 1.
The first project Nevis 1 is located at Spring Hill. In February 2007, the Nevis Island Administration issued a license to West Indies Power for exploration of the geothermal resource of Nevis. West Indies Power commenced explorations at the same month. The drilling at Spring Hill commenced in January 2008. The geothermal reservoir at Spring Hill was discovered on 2 June 2008. The geotechnical work started in July 2008. 
When completed, the plant Nevis 1 plant will supply 50 megawatts (MW) of electricity, enough to fulfill all of Nevis' demand (approximately 10 MW) as also to export to neighboring Saint Kitts and other nearby islands via submarine electrical transmission cables. Generated electricity will be sold to the Nevis Electricity Company Limited.
Nevis 2.
The second project Nevis 2 is located at Upper Jessups Village in the St. Thomas Parish. The drilling started on 24 June 2008.
Project in Dominica.
The Government of Dominica awarded geothermal exploration and development license to West Indies Power (Dominica) Ltd. on 10 July 2008. Initial geologic and geochemical field exploration work will begin in August 2008. Based on the results of the thermal gradient holes slim holes will be drilled in 2009 and the geothermal power plant will be constructed in 2010.
Project in Saba.
In Saba, West Indies Power develops geothermal power plant with capacity of 75 MW.
Structure.
The parent company, West Indies Power Holdings B.V., is registered in the Netherlands Antilles. It has offices in Charlestown, Nevis, and in Roseau, Dominica. West Indies Power operates through its subsidiaries West Indies Power (Nevis) Ltd., West Indies Power (Dominica) Ltd. and West Indies Power (Saba) B.V.
Management.
The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of West Indies Power Holding is Dr. Kerry McDonald. The General Manager of West Indies Power (Nevis) Ltd. is Mr. Rawlinson Isaac and the Chief Operations Officer (COO) and Head of Drilling Operations is Bobby Tinsley.

</doc>
<doc id="18797805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797805" title="Peter Creamer">
Peter Creamer

Peter Anthony Creamer (born 20 September 1953 in Hartlepool) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for Middlesbrough, York City, Doncaster Rovers, Hartlepool United and Rochdale, and in the North American Soccer League for the Dallas Tornado.

</doc>
<doc id="18797806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797806" title="Robert Gittings">
Robert Gittings

Robert William Victor Gittings CBE (1 February 1911 – 18 February 1992), was an English writer, biographer, BBC Radio producer, playwright and minor poet. In 1978, he was awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for "The Older Hardy".
Early life.
Born at Southsea, the son of Surgeon-Captain Fred Claude Bromley Gittings and his wife Dora Mary, née Brayshaw, the young Gittings was educated at St Edward's School, Oxford, where he was taught by George Mallaby, and Jesus College, Cambridge, where he arrived in 1930 with a scholarship, gaining a First in 1933. He later wrote the article on George Mallaby in the "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography".
While still at school he published poems and thus encountered Christopher Fry, a lifelong friend. At the University of Cambridge, he was encouraged by Sir Arthur Quiller-Couch, editor of the "Oxford Book of English Verse", whose rooms in college were near his, and in 1931 he was awarded the Chancellor's gold medal for English verse.
Career.
In 1933, Gittings was elected a research fellow of Jesus College and became a history supervisor in 1938. 
In 1940. he took a job with BBC Radio as a producer and writer, remaining with the Corporation twenty-three years. He made broadcasts for schools, dramatizations of history and literary programmes, and contributed to radio programmes such as "Poets and Poetry", "World History Series", "Poetry Now", and "The World of Books".
He continued to write verse, and his first major book, "Wentworth Place" (1950), was well reviewed. History and poetry combined in him into the ability to bring the past to life. In all, he published twelve volumes of poetry.
In 1954, his biography "John Keats: the Living Year" was published, to be followed in 1956 by "The Mask of Keats", and in 1960 by "Shakespeare's Rival". He left the BBC in 1964. His "John Keats" (1969) was awarded the WH Smith Literary Award, and he also wrote scholarly studies of Thomas Hardy: "The Young Thomas Hardy" (1975), "The Older Hardy" (1978, awarded the James Tait Black Memorial Prize) and (with his wife, Jo Manton) "The Second Mrs Hardy" (1979).
As a playwright, Gittings naturally specialized in radio drama, but he also wrote plays for Women's Institutes, "This Tower my Prison" (1961) and "Conflict at Canterbury" (1970) for the Canterbury Festival. "Introducing Thomas Hardy", a double act with Frances Horowitz, was performed from 1971 until 1978, when Horowitz died.
With Jo Manton, he wrote "Dorothy Wordsworth" (1985) and the same year published his last book of verse, "People, Places, Personal". His last book, "Claire Clairmont and the Shelleys", was printed a few days before his death.
Private life.
In 1934, Gittings married Katherine Edith Cambell, a Cambridge contemporary who had been at Girton College and was known as Kay, and they had two sons, called Robert and John, together, but this marriage ended in divorce. In 1949, he married secondly Joan Greville Manton, called Jo, who was a BBC colleague and also a biographer. They had one daughter. He had four great-grandsons, Robert, Oliver, Henry and Harry, and two great-granddaughters, Lucy and Sarah.
A tall man, Gittings had a high forehead and bald head, a warm personality and fine sense of humour. He played several sports, including cricket, squash, real tennis, and golf, and was still playing cricket in his seventies.
He died at Chichester on 18 February 1992, and was cremated.

</doc>
<doc id="18797807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797807" title="Chopaka Mountain">
Chopaka Mountain

Chopaka Mountain, also known as Mount Chopaka, is a summit in the leeward flank of the North Cascades. Its summit area is a Natural Area Preserve comprising , and features a mountain goat population and various rare plants. The last surviving native herd of bighorn sheep in Washington was located on Chopaka Mountain until hunted out in the 1920s.
Name origin.
According to the British Columbia Geographical Names Information System, in their record on nearby Chopaka, British Columbia, Chopaka was either an Okanagan hunter turned to stone by "coyote", or a maiden transformed into stone. Another meaning is given by regional climbing guide author Fred Beckey who states that "Chopaka" is an Indian word meaning "high mountain".

</doc>
<doc id="18797812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797812" title="Alvis Firebird">
Alvis Firebird

The Alvis Firebird was a British touring car made between 1935 and 1939 by Alvis Ltd in Coventry. 
Developed from the Alvis Firefly, 449 Firebirds were produced, as a two-door Tourer, a 2+2 sports tourer, a two-door drophead Coupé, and a four-door Saloon. 
Powered by an 1842 cc 4-cylinder overhead-valve Alvis engine, it had an aluminium body on an ash wood frame. As with other Alvis cars, the Firebird was built as a rolling chassis then sent to the coachbuilders Cross & Ellis, to be finished to the customer's requirements, so all Alvis Firebirds are different. The Firebird had an all-synchromesh gearbox, and the chassis was lubricated by grease nipples under the bonnet.
In 1939 World War II halted Alvis car production to make aircraft engines, and a German Luftwaffe bomb destroyed the Alvis car factory in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18797828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797828" title="Yu Hua (rower)">
Yu Hua (rower)

Yu Hua (born 1981-01-19 in Beijing) is a female Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Women's Lightweight Double Sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="18797830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797830" title="Ema Burgić">
Ema Burgić

Ema Burgić (born August 22, 1992 in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian female tennis player.
Ema was listed on the WTA list, when she was only 16. On November 30, 2008, she won a challenger tournament in Vallduxo, Spain.
Burgic has played Fed Cup for Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="18797834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797834" title="Vehicle registration plates of Brunei">
Vehicle registration plates of Brunei

License plates are displayed on all motorized road vehicles in Brunei, as required by law. The issue of license plates is regulated and administered by the Brunei Land Transport Department. All vehicles must also display two of the same license plates numbers of the same colours at the front and rear of the vehicles. All vehicle license plates in Brunei, other than those issued to royalty, diplomats and taxis (see below), have white characters on a black background, regardless of the vehicle type.
Fundamental design.
The most common form of Brunei license plates, in use since the introduction of motorised vehicles in the country's British colonial era, typically begin with one or more letters followed by up to four numerical digits with no leading zeros. Thus, the configuration of a common Brunei number plate may be in the form of "BB 1234". Brunei number plates bears similarity to Malaysian state of Selangor and Kedah number plates which also begin with "B" and "K". 
The sequence of licensed numbers, since 1 January 1984, issued begins with "xA 1" to "xY 9999". "x" is either "B" for cars registered with the Brunei-Muara Land Transport Department prior to 2006, or "K" for cars registered with the Kuala Belait Land Transport Department prior to 2006. After 2006, the letter "K" is assigned to all cars irrespective of the location that the cars are registered. The table below shows the possible combinations in use. Special cases are also listed in the table. Some letters are not used - these are listed in the (letters I, O and Z are not used to avoid ambiguity with numbers or other forms of local license plates). Distinctive font, size and serial sequences for Brunei number plates didn't conflicted with Malaysian state of Selangor and Kedah number plates.
Since the leading 'B' plate finished, the Land Transport Department decided to restart the initial 'B' plate with 'BA', which consists of 3 letters and up to 4 numbers in the form of "Bxx 1234".
The format is used in virtually all classes of vehicles with engines, including, unless stated later:
The shape and size of Brunei license plates on vehicles, with the exception of motorcycles and scooters, are restricted to either 8.5 inch by 13.5 incy or 21 inch by 6 inch. Vehicular plates on motorcycles are usually smaller at either 4.25 inch by 6.75 inch or 8.5 inch by 3 inch. The size of the letters and numbers on the license plate is defined to be 3.5 inch by 2.5 inch by 0.625 inch for all vehicles except for motorcycles which is defined to be 1.75 inch 2.5 inch by 0.3125 inch.
Special cases.
Royal Family.
Some of the vehicles of the members of the Brunei Royal Family including the Sultan and the Crown Prince have unique license plates. Some of the plates have different colours (e.g. white on red), initials or fancy script.
Diplomat car.
XX-NN-DC where XX is a sequential number, NN = foreign mission number (e.g. USA = 9) and DC stands for diplomat's car. The plates have a white background with black letters and numbers.
Taxis and buses.
The numbers for taxis and buses are the same as those for private vehicles, but the plates have a green background instead of black background instead. The letters and numbers on the plate is white in colour as with private vehicles.
Dealerships.
Temporary license plates are given to car dealerships to enable the car to be transported to the showroom, for test drives, etc. These plates have a white background with red letters and numbers.
Military vehicles.
Military vehicles have a white letters/numbers on black background like any private registered cars. However, the numbering system is different from private vehicles as all military vehicles are registered with a MOD1111x number, where MOD stands for Ministry of Defence, 1111 is the number with any leading zeros being omitted and x is a letter denoting which branch of the military it is registered under.
New license plate numbers.
LTD Issues New Registration Numbers - last retrieved 13 June 2008

</doc>
<doc id="18797839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797839" title="Yu Hua">
Yu Hua

Yu Hua may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18797852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797852" title="Robert Garbe">
Robert Garbe

Robert Hermann Garbe (pronounced 'Garber') (9 January 1847 - 23 May 1932) was a German railway engineer and chief engineer of the Berlin division in the Prussian state railways from 1895 to 1917. He was especially known for his forward-looking steam locomotive designs and is described as one of the greatest authorities on the locomotive.
Childhood and Education.
Born in Oppeln (present-day Opole, Opole Voivodeship), in Prussian Upper Silesia on 9 January 1847, Garbe was the eldest son of the master locksmith, Ferdinand Garbe. He went to elementary school in Oppeln and learned his father's locksmith trade. The desire for further education led him to the technical school at Breslau, where he worked in the main workshops of the Upper Silesian Railway and passed his exams as an engine driver in 1867. He also visited the provincial trade school in Brieg, passed the leaving exams with distinction and went, in 1869, to the Royal Prussian Trade Academy in Berlin (later the Berlin-Charlottenburg Technical High School and, today, the Berlin Technical University). He finished his studies in 1872 with top marks in all disciplines.
Prussian Railway Division.
Afterwards, Garbe was the director of the Central Railway Workshop in Frankfurt (Oder). In 1877 the Ministry entrusted him with leading the main workshop in Berlin-Rummelsburg. In 1895 Garbe was nominated simultaneously as a board member of the Prussian Railway Division at Berlin and Head of Department for the Design and Procurement of Locomotives. In this capacity he also chaired the locomotive committee that had to make recommendations about future locomotive procurement to the Ministry of Public Works.
In 1907 the Prussian Railway Central Office was founded in Berlin. Here, Garbe took over the sphere of "Construction of Superheated Steam Locomotives and Tenders". Inspired by the work of Wilhelm Schmidt ('Hot Steam Schmidt') from Kassel, Garbe was already in 1893 of the view that the use of superheated steam would give steam locomotives a power advantage.
Locomotive Development.
The locomotives developed on the basis of the policy issued by Garbe were characterised above all by good performance and simple construction. Consciously, he did not strive for high performance with his designs, but gave priority to reliability and ease of maintenance. By the time Garbe retired, a total of 13 superheated steam locomotive classes had been developed along those lines for all the important locomotive duties, together with a number of experimental designs. Garbe's design fundamentals had been so much part of Prussian locomotive development that they continued to be used even after his retirement. 
The Prussian P 8 symbolises to a great extent Garbe's design principles. A total of 3,948 examples were built (including the Rumanian copies) and they were working German railway routes until the end of the steam era around 1972-1974. 
Garbe's major achievement in the field of technical steam locomotive development was the introduction of superheating, for which he was a keen advocate. He disapproved of compound working; he saw superheating as a total replacement for complicated and maintenance-intensive compound systems, not as an enhancement of them to produce increased power.
The most significant acknowledgement was granted to Garbe after he left the service of the state. The Berlin-Charlottenburg Technical High School awarded him an Honorary Doctorate of Engineering for his services in developing the superheated steam locomotive. 
He died on 23 May 1932 in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="18797858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797858" title="Thunder discography">
Thunder discography

The discography of Thunder, a British hard rock band, consists of nine studio albums, seven live albums, six compilation albums, and twenty-two singles.
Albums.
Live albums.
2013 Live at donnington 90/92 uk chart number 73

</doc>
<doc id="18797877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797877" title="1985 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1985 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1985 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1985 WJHC") was the ninth edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held mainly in Turku and Helsinki, Finland. Canada won the gold medal, its second championship, Czechoslovakia silver and the Soviet Union bronze.
Final standings.
The 1985 tournament was a round-robin format, with the top three teams winning gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
"Poland was relegated to Pool B for 1986."
Pool B.
Eight teams contested the second tier this year in Sapporo Japan from March 15 to 24. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games.
"Switzerland was promoted to Pool A and France was relegated to Pool C for 1986."
Pool C.
This tournament took place in Belgium from February 22 to 27. 
"Bulgaria was promoted to Pool B for 1986."
A. While "Total Hockey" lists Denmark in their standings, "passionhockey.com" states that this was a Netherlands team that does not count in the standings.

</doc>
<doc id="18797885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797885" title="Bucharest Light rail">
Bucharest Light rail

The Bucharest light rail ( or "light metro") is a light rail transit system in Bucharest, Romania. 
Operated by the Regia Autonomă de Transport București (RATB), the municipal public transit operator, the service is technically similar to a light rail and not to a light metro system.
History.
Light rail use more modern rolling stock than trams and also run on separate designated corridors for faster travel times.
The first line (41) was opened in 2002, and runs through the west part of the city (from FC Steaua Bucureşti's Ghencea stadium in the south-west, to the Casa Presei Libere in the north).
There are currently three light rail lines (numbered 32, 35 and 41), all of which run in the western part of Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="18797887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797887" title="BeWelcome">
BeWelcome

BeWelcome (often abbreviated as BW) is a hospitality exchange service that is run by a non-profit organization. The website was founded in February 2007. As of February 2014, the organisation has more than 56,000 members in more than 150 countries all around the world, who offer free accommodation and help during travel. Joining is free and the software behind the site, the BW-rox platform, is free and open-source software.
Organisation.
BeWelcome is a free service, but requires registration. It is run by volunteers, and organized as a voluntary association registered in Rennes, France.
Members can contact each other for information about the offered accommodation or to request to stay. The service requires that the exchange be non-commercial. Members can also leave feedback on their experiences.
History.
BeWelcome is the result of a project created in October 2006 by dissatisfied volunteers of the Hospitality Club network. They founded the official non-profit association, 'BeVolunteer,' which manages the "BeWelcome site" and which is registered in Rennes, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18797893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797893" title="USS Besboro (AG-66)">
USS Besboro (AG-66)

USS "Besboro" (AG-66) was a cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was heavily armed and converted to troopship and cargo ship use in the North Pacific Ocean. Post-war she was sold so that she could return to her civilian career.
Constructed in Oregon.
"Lurline Burns"—a steamer built in 1918 at Portland, Oregon, by the Albina Engine & Machine works as "Caddopeak"—was purchased by the Navy on 9 June 1943 from the Burns Steamship Company; renamed "Besboro"; classified a miscellaneous auxiliary and designated "AG-66"; and commissioned at Seattle, Washington, on 22 September 1943, Lt. Comdr. Robert M. Baughman, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
The auxiliary ship reported for shakedown training on 1 October and completed it two weeks later. She got underway for Alaskan waters on the 14th and arrived in Dutch Harbor on the 23d. For almost 31 months—through the end of World War II and during the early postwar period -- "Besboro" steamed along a resupply circuit carrying cargo and troops between Seattle, Washington, and various points on the coast of Alaska. She returned south for the last time early in 1946.
Post-war inactivation.
After an inspection and survey at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard, the cargoman was declared surplus to the needs of the Navy. Accordingly, "Besboro" was decommissioned at San Francisco, California, on 3 May 1946. She was turned over to the U.S. Maritime Commission for disposal on 1 July 1946, and her name was struck from the Navy list on 8 October 1946.
Subsequent maritime career.
On 23 May 1947, she was sold to the Waterman Steamship Corporation which firm converted her back to mercantile service and restored her former name. However, "Lurline Burns" did not stay long in its service. By 1948, the Hong Kong firm, Wellem & Co. operated her under Panamanian registry as "SS Shapur". That company employed her until 1960 or 1961 when all reference to her in mercantile records ceased.

</doc>
<doc id="18797912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797912" title="Friedhelm Sack">
Friedhelm Sack

Friedhelm Ferdinand Sack (born 30 May 1956 in Mariental) is a Namibian sport shooter. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics for his country. He is affiliated with the Windhoek Central Shooting Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18797923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797923" title="Rai Scuola">
Rai Scuola

Rai Scuola is an Italian television channel owned by Rai Educational, an arm of pubcaster RAI, available on digital terrestrial television in Italy. Launched on 2000 as Rai Edu1, the channel adopted its current name on 2009 and it is broadcast in Italy on DTT channel 146 on mux "Rai 2".
Programming.
The channel broadcasts documentary, cultural and educational programming in Italian and English language.

</doc>
<doc id="18797957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797957" title="Iglesia de la Matriz">
Iglesia de la Matriz

The Iglesia de La Matriz is a church in the city of Valparaíso, Chile. Located in the heart of the port district of the city, surrounded by cobblestone streets and houses it has a historical importance in the city and was declared a National Monument of Chile in 1971.
History.
Origins.
In 1559, the Bishop of Santiago, Rodrigo Marmolejo, founded the first temple in Valparaiso, a small chapel that was really little more than a hut initially. From this point as the settlement grew a series of successive religious congregations: Augustinian (1627), Franciscan (1664), Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy (1715), Sagrados Corazones (1834) and Jesuits (1850) used the church. Wealthy local families developed the town and church giving it the distinctive architectural feel it has today.
Destruction and reconstruction.
In 1578, Sir Francis Drake was said to have devastated the port and looted the chapel, taking its treasures and a chalice of silver. During the 17th and 18th century the church suffered pirate attacks. The church has also had a very uncertain history given the frequency of earthquakes which have gutted the building. Since the initial foundation, three churches have been successively erected on the site of the first chapel. 
In November 1822 an earthquake affected the church to the extent it had to be rebuilt stone by stone but this was not done quickly. The church remained a ruin for over a decade until reconstruction began in 1837, finished in 1842, under the direction of priest Jose Antonio Riobío.
This fourth construction, is the one that still stands today.
In 1868, a quite unusual situation took place in the church when it was used as a voting venue for the elections.
Architectural style.
The church of a typical basilical style, but is built in a way to represent three ships in a rectangular fashion, separated by two waters. The main facade stands out with its classic composition. Eight columns surround the body of the church and the interior walls are decorated with zenithal paintings. There are two main influences which make up the interior of the church including this classicist style of the tower, and the 18th century Creole style represented by its great heavy walls of adobe brick and the ceiling covered with clay roofing tiles. 

</doc>
<doc id="18797959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797959" title="Rai Storia">
Rai Storia

Rai Storia is an Italian television channel owned by Rai Educational, an arm of pubcaster RAI available on digital terrestrial television in Italy. Launched on 2000 as Rai Edu2, the channel adopted its current name on February 2, 2009 and it is broadcast in Italy on DTT channel 54 on mux "Rai 4".
Programming.
The channel broadcasts the program La storia siamo noi and documentaries about history and culture from "Rai Educational" and "Rai Teche".

</doc>
<doc id="18797960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797960" title="Larry Sonsini">
Larry Sonsini

Larry Sonsini (born c. 1941 in Rome, New York) is a well-known American lawyer specializing all aspects of corporate law. He is the chairman of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, a leading law firm in business and intellectual property law. Sonsini has been described by "Fortune" as “the most influential and well-connected lawyer in the industry.”
Sonsini studied securities law at the Boalt Hall School of Law at the University of California, Berkeley and graduated in 1966.
Sonsini started out counseling semiconductor companies including Cypress Semiconductor, National Semiconductor and LSI Logic. He later counseled significant hardware firms such as Sun Microsystems, Apple Computer, Silicon Graphics and Seagate Technology and software companies such as Novell, Sybase and WordPerfect. He has also worked for the well known Internet firms Google, Netscape and YouTube. He has served as a trusted advisor to many of the key figures in Silicon Valley history, including Steve Jobs, and the principals of Google and Hewlett-Packard.
Sonsini was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's September 2012 Pioneers & Purpose event. He was honored with the Pioneer Business Leader Award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.

</doc>
<doc id="18797962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797962" title="Percy Down">
Percy Down

Percy John Down (14 October 1883 - 24 June 1954) was an English rugby union player, best known as a commanding forward in the Bristol pack in the first decade of the twentieth century. He spent the major part of his playing career at the club, and in later life became club Chairman.
Rugby career.
Down joined Bristol at the beginning of the 1904/05 season from the Redland club, and made his full début against Pontypridd RFC in December 1905. Down rapidly established himself in the first team and gained himself a reputation as a tough and committed player. His performances were widely praised and meant he soon earned selection for Somerset.
His efforts were also recognised at international level: Down was chosen as a member of the 1908 British Lions tour to New Zealand and Australia, played three matches in New Zealand but fell overboard as the boat left for Australia. He was rescued by New Zealand players George A. Gillett and Arthur 'Bolla' Francis, who kept him afloat until a rope was lowered from the ship upon which Down was about to sail. In addition Down played once for England's national side, against Australia in 1909; the first meeting between the two nations. Although England lost 9 – 3, Down played with distinction but was never capped again.
Four days later Down, then Bristol's club captain, led a combined Bristol and Clifton R.F.C. XV against the Australian national side at Bristol's County Ground. The tourists won 11 – 3 in one of the finest games of the tour.
His last game for Bristol was against Devonport Albion R.F.C. in January 1910. In all Down had played 117 games for Bristol, scoring 12 tries, 36 points.
After World War II Down was elected Bristol's Vice-Chairman for the 1945/46 season but he took over the running of the club when Chairman W.J. Houlden died in office. He served as Chairman until 1953/54 but died suddenly during the close season, shortly after being awarded life membership. A memorial fund was established in his name which provided for repairs and developments to the hall under the stand.
Down’s son-in-law, Denzil Golledge, was Bristol captain for the 1950/51 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18797965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797965" title="Old Southeast Town Hall">
Old Southeast Town Hall

The Old Southeast Town Hall is located on Main Street (US 6) in Brewster, New York, United States. Built in 1896, it served as the main office of the Town of Southeast, which surrounds and includes Brewster. In 1964, the town's clerk and supervisor moved to the recently closed First National Bank of Brewster's building down the street (since then, they have moved to new offices on NY 22 north of the village).
Some town offices are still in the building, which also today houses the Southeast town museum. In 1979, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in recognition of its early yet mature Colonial Revival architecture.
Building.
The former town hall is a three-story, three-bay rectangular structure of brick (now faced with putty-colored stucco) in common bond. The front facade has a distinctive, elaborate main entrance with a two-story portico framed by pilasters which go all the way to the roofline. The entrance itself, now behind modern storm doors, has four paneled wooden doors with a neoclassical surround with engaged columns, full entablature and large fanlight. On either side of the portico are sash windows, similarly trimmed, supported by aprons atop smaller side entrances on the first story.
The hip roof is pierced on the front by three dormer windows whose pointed crests reflect the Moorish Revival trend of the earlier 19th century. Four corbeled chimneys rise from the top.
Window placement on the other four sides is irregular. The east side still has its original wrought iron fire escape. An additional entrance, to the building's basement, is found on the south side. On the west side, a small jail wing of similar material, built shortly after the completion of the town hall, is the building's only addition.
On the inside, the ground level is of stripped maple with sheet-iron walls and ceiling supported by two rows of cast iron columns. A large metal vault is located under the main stairs, which lead to the auditorium. That takes up two stories leading up to an exposed wooden truss ceiling. The three dormers provide light to the balcony level behind them.
History.
Brewster and the area around it grew substantially in the years after the Civil War due to the construction of the New York and Harlem Railroad. The New York Central Railroad arrived in Brewster in 1849. In response to this, a Second Empire-style town hall was built on the site in 1869. It burned down on February 23, 1880 when a fire swept the entire south side of Main Street. A replacement was built in 1882, only to meet the same fate in 1893.
Mindful of these two disasters, the current building was designed by the New York City firm of Child & DeGroll to be as fireproof as possible, using less combustible materials like iron and brick. It opened in 1896. Four years later, in 1900, the jail wing was added to the west. That has been the only significant addition or alteration to the building.
The town government remained there until, in 1964, more space became necessary. The town clerk and town supervisor's office were moved to the recently closed First National Bank of Brewster building down the street, near the train station. The Southeast Museum had been established a year earlier, and moved into the vacated space. The Southeast Museum has been a steward of the Old Town Hall for 47 years. 
In 1977, prior to the building being listed on the Register, extensive renovations were done to bring it back to its original appearance, jointly sponsored by the village of Brewster and the Southeast Museum. Supervising architect Richard Brennan of New Canaan, Connecticut relied on the original drawings to guide the restoration. The auditorium's stage was extended 10 feet (3 m) to accommodate the needs of contemporary theatrical productions, and the basement was remodeled to serve as offices for some minort town offices and community organizations, and town court. No other changes were made at that time.
The town's master plan update in 2002 recommended that it take measures to bring the building up to code and otherwise improve it. The town court, especially, was overcrowded. This led to the construction of the current town hall in the mid-2000s and the town's final retreat from its old town hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18797966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797966" title="UpdateStar">
UpdateStar

UpdateStar is a freeware software application providing update information for approximately 1.3 million software programs. Implementing a social computing aspect, the update database is maintained by the users. UpdateStar uses advertising to refinance the free service and shares ad revenue 50/50 with the software authors via their Share program.
Software can be searched, downloaded and updated. In addition, UpdateStar is a freeware client that can be easily installed to inform users about available updates for their individual software setup. It allows downloading, installing and uninstalling the programs from within the client, which acts as an enhancement for the Add/Remove Programs control panel applet (Programs and Features on Windows Vista and above).
The software search engine at http://www.updatestar.com/ is built on top of UpdateStar’s user generated software and program database. Via the ad revenue sharing program Share, UpdateStar allows developers to use the UpdateStar website as a download mirror to participate from ad revenue created on their program’s webpages.
History.
UpdateStar was founded by Michael Ganss, Frank Alperstaedt, and Olaf Kehrer in 2007, and is based in Berlin. The software search engine website itself, however, did not launch until July 2008. The company is funded by the founders.
The current version of the site was released in July 2008. This included new software search capabilities with results based on user submitted information for more than 259,000 programs, a new professional services business section, and an UpdateStar freeware client section.
UpdateStar freeware has grown in popularity with about 50,000 users in 2007 and about 550,000 users in July 2008. 
UpdateStar 4, released in March 2009 introduced an enhanced recognition algorithm and a registry cleaner, which removes remnants of uninstalled software. Updates appear almost on a daily basis for a software setup with 60 to 80 programs on a typical PC making it nearly impossible for a PC user to keep up. The program is available as freeware as well as the commercial Premium Edition with additional security advice for program, a cleaner for system maintenance and more.
UpdateStar provides the user with information about software updates available for software on their computer. This includes major releases provided by UpdateStar Freeware Edition as well as minor version upgrades and patches included with the Premium Edition. Many updates are published because of security reasons and newly included features. Either way software updates should be considered important or even critical in case of updates made available by the publishers for security reasons. UpdateStar Premium additionally offers security advice allowing for an identification of important software updates.
UpdateStar Premium includes a tool to clean the Windows Registry from superfluous and faulty software entries which are often the result of incompletely uninstalled software.
Two million users profit from the UpdateStar service per month (December 2009) and receive updates for their PCs software. UpdateStar provides users with program update information for 4.5 million installations - daily.
UpdateStar released version 5 on Oct 19, 2009 introducing improved version recognition, improved Windows 7 support, new language support for Korean and Lithuanian, and improved translations of Russian, Hungarian, and Romanian.
Revenue model.
UpdateStar uses the software search engine website to share ad revenue with software authors. Other professional services include software market research (Analytics) as well as targeted marketing services (Connect) to software vendors. This allows UpdateStar to provide their update information service for free to their user community.
Share - the ad sharing program.
The UpdateStar website tracks created ad revenues on program pages. The Share program creates PPC based revenue streams. When users click on ads on a program’s download page in the UpdateStar web, the advertiser is charged and the advertising fee is split between UpdateStar and the software vendor, if the vendor participates as a Share partner.
UpdateStar website’s user traffic comes from targeted alerts about newly available updates for used software and offering information and downloads. Traffic multiplies with the number of updates and users. This way Share software vendor partners participate repeatedly from revenue created with their content (their software) as long as they participate.
Online Backup.
In February 2010, UpdateStar began a commercial online backup service called UpdateStar Online Backup. Users of UpdateStar Online Backup can select files and folders through a desktop application, which are then periodically backed up to a remote data center. The program employs a differential backup algorithm to minimize the amount of data that needs to be backed up on subsequent runs.
UpdateStar offers plans with unlimited storage for home and business desktop computers and limited storage (100 GB, 250 GB, 500 GB) for server computers. The program runs on Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7 (desktop edition), and Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 (server edition).

</doc>
<doc id="18797977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797977" title="32nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia">
32nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia

The 32nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia represented Nova Scotia between 1897 and 1901.
The Liberal Party led by George Henry Murray formed the government.
Frederick A. Lawrence was chosen as speaker for the house.
The assembly was dissolved on September 3, 1901.
List of Members.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18797986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18797986" title="Bronx Charter School for the Arts">
Bronx Charter School for the Arts

The Bronx Charter School for the Arts is a public elementary school located in Hunts Point neighborhood in the Bronx, New York City.
History.
Hunts Point had been experiencing some growth characterized by industrial and residential development. However, quality education has been lagging behind. In response to this, between 1999-2002 Bronx Arts founding team, led by Xanthe Jory, convened to draft charter proposal and create educational plan for Bronx Charter School for the Arts. The Bronx Arts team comprised a dynamic, group of educators, parents, and community residents who recognized the critical need for quality education in the South Bronx. 
In 2002, the New York State Board of Regents awarded a charter to the Bronx Charter School for the Arts. Shortly after receiving the charter, Bronx Arts wins, in succession, the National Social Venture Competition sponsored by Columbia and Berkeley business schools and major grants from Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the National Council of La Raza.
Between 2002–2003, a one-and-a-half year start-up period, a staff of six began planning for the school. Subsequently, in July 2003, Bronx Arts founding instructional staff is hired and convenes for first annual Summer Institute which led to Bronx Charter School for the Arts opening its doors to 162 students in grades K-3 September 2003. In August 2004 Bronx Arts relocated to its current state-of-the-art permanent facility on Longfellow Avenue in Hunts Point. The school increased to 200 students in grades K-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18798005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798005" title="Christopher Hopkins">
Christopher Hopkins

Christopher Jon Hopkins, aka "The Makeover Guy" (born January 24, 1964 in Minneapolis, Minnesota) is an entrepreneur, author, speaker, media personality, singer and makeover artist.
Christopher was raised in Redwood Falls, Minnesota where he received state honors in declamation, piano and voice.
In 1982, Christopher attended St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota where he soloed as a freshman with the St. Olaf Choir.
In 1990 Hopkins opened Christopher Hopkins Salon, located in the Hubbard Broadcasting building, home of KSTP, KSTP-FM, and KSTP-TV. There he was responsible for the looks of the on air talent, and became a regular contributing guest on “Good Company” a local daytime talk show hosted by Steve Edelman and Sharon Anderson. 
Hopkins relocated his company to downtown Minneapolis in 1994, renaming it Christopher Hopkins Image Center (CHIC). He appeared on national television including HGTV ], The Oprah Winfrey Show, and 
The Today Show. Mr. Hopkins has worked with celebrities including Hillary Clinton.
As a baritone vocal soloist he performed with the Minnesota Orchestra, a PBS televised performance with the Erie Philharmonic, the Grand Teton Music Festival, and the Hannover Radio Philharmonic (Norddeutscher Rundfunk) in Germany. His 1999 debut vocal album, "I'll Be Seeing You," was nominated for the 1999 Gay Lesbian American Music Awards for the song "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square." 
In March 2008 Hopkins authored his first book titled "Staging Your Comeback: A Complete Beauty Revival for Women Over 45". He is the founder and co-owner of reVamp! salonspa in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="18798022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798022" title="Célio de Castro">
Célio de Castro

Célio de Castro (July 11, 1932 Carmópolis de Minas - July 20, 2008 Belo Horizonte) was a Brazilian politician, professor and doctor. He served as the Mayor of Belo Horizonte, the capital of the state of Minas Gerais, from January 1, 1997 until November 2002.
Célio de Castro died at Hospital Mater Dei in Belo Horizonte of multiple organ failure on July 20, 2008, at the age of 76.

</doc>
<doc id="18798057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798057" title="Zac Atterberry">
Zac Atterberry

Zacrey Atterberry (born June 3, 1986 in Lewisville, Texas) is an American Football punter who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the Chicago Bears as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Lindenwood.
Atteberry has also been a member of the Washington Redskins.

</doc>
<doc id="18798058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798058" title="Isidre Molas i Batllori">
Isidre Molas i Batllori

Isidre Molas i Batllori (born October 12, 1940 in Barcelona) is a Catalan politician and historian.
He has been the fifth President of the Socialists' Party of Catalonia since July 19, 2008. He has been a Senator from Barcelona since April 5, 2000. 
Early years.
He was born in Barcelona in 1940. His father was a musician, Isidre Molas i Font, and he is the brother of the historian and writer, Joaquim Molas i Batllori. In 1963, he graduated in law in the Autonomous University of Barcelona. He was an active member of the "Front Obrer de Catalunya" (Workers' Front of Catalonia) and joined the left-wing anti-Franco movement "Frente de Liberación Popular" (Popular Liberation Front). In 1962 he was judged and condemnated by a military court.
Beginnings in politics.
In the first democratic elections in Catalonia after Franco he was elected deputy in the Parliament of Catalonia serving until 1988. From 1985 to 2008, he was the President of the Federation of the PSC in the Province of Barcelona.
Recent years.
In 2000, he was elected Senator from Barcelona by the Catalan Agreement of Progress (a union of a left-wing catalanist parties).
He was translated books, and he published articles from political science.

</doc>
<doc id="18798062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798062" title="1990 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships">
1990 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships

The 1990 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships ("1990 WJHC") was the 14th edition of the World Junior Ice Hockey Championships and was held mainly in Helsinki, Finland. Canada won the gold medal, its fourth world junior championship, while the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia won silver and bronze, respectively.
Final standings.
The 1990 tournament was a round-robin format, with the top three teams winning gold, silver and bronze medals respectively.
"Poland was relegated to Pool B for 1991."
Pool B.
Eight teams contested the second tier this year in Bad Tolz West Germany from March 26 to April 4. It was played in a simple round robin format, each team playing seven games.
"Switzerland was promoted to Pool A and Yugoslavia was relegated to Pool C for 1991."
Pool C.
Pool C was contested by seven teams in Eindhoven Netherlands from March 16 to 25. The South Korean juniors made their debut this year.
"The Netherlands was promoted to Pool B for 1991."

</doc>
<doc id="18798065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798065" title="Joseph G. Pinten">
Joseph G. Pinten

Joseph Gabriel Pinten (October 3, 1867 – November 6, 1945) was the third Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Superior, in Superior, Wisconsin and the fourth bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Grand Rapids, in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Joseph Pinten was born in Rockland, Michigan and was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood, on November 1, 1890, for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan, now the Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette, in Rome, Italy.
On November 30, 1921, Pope Benedict XV appointed Pinten bishop of the Superior Diocese, and he was ordained bishop on May 3, 1922. On June 25, 1926, Pope Pius XI appointed him bishop of the Grand Rapids Diocese. On November 1, 1940, Bishop Pinten retired, and later died in Marquette, Michigan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18798084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798084" title="Robert Abbott (bishop)">
Robert Abbott (bishop)

Robert Crowther Abbott was born into a clerical family: his father was the Rev. A. R. Abbott, sometime Vicar of Gorleston. He was educated at Marlborough College and Trinity College, Cambridge. After 15 years as an assistant master (and latterly Chaplain) at his old school he was appointed Principal of Salisbury Theological College in 1907. After incumbencies at Great St Mary's with St Michael's, Cambridge, Holy Trinity, Weymouth, Dorset and St Mary the Virgin, Gillingham, Dorset he was elevated to the Episcopate in 1925, but unfortunately ill health forced his resignation only two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18798090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798090" title="Southern Cross Expedition">
Southern Cross Expedition

The Southern Cross Expedition, officially known as the British Antarctic Expedition 1898–1900, was the first British venture of the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration, and the forerunner of the more celebrated journeys of Robert Falcon Scott and Ernest Shackleton. The brainchild of the Norwegian-born, half-British explorer and schoolmaster Carsten Borchgrevink, it was the first expedition to over-winter on the Antarctic mainland, the first to visit the Great Ice Barrier since James Clark Ross in 1839–43, and the first to effect a landing on the Barrier's surface. It also pioneered the use of dogs and sledges in Antarctic travel.
The expedition was privately financed by the British magazine publisher Sir George Newnes. Taken south in the ship "Southern Cross" in August 1898, Borchgrevink's party spent the winter of 1899 at Cape Adare, the northwest extremity of the Ross Sea coastline. Here they carried out an extensive programme of scientific observations, although opportunities for inland exploration were severely restricted by the mountainous and glaciated terrain surrounding the base. In January 1900 the party left Cape Adare in "Southern Cross" to explore the Ross Sea, following the route taken by Ross sixty years earlier. They reached the Great Ice Barrier, where a team of three made the first sledge journey on the Barrier surface, during which a new Farthest South record latitude was established at 78°50′S.
On its return to England the expedition was coolly received by London's geographical establishment which was resentful of the pre-emption of a role they envisaged for their own National Antarctic (Discovery) Expedition. There were also questions about Borchgrevink's leadership qualities, and criticism of the limited amounts of scientific information which the expedition provided. Despite the groundbreaking achievements in Antarctic survival and travel, Borchgrevink was never accorded the heroic status of Scott or Shackleton, and his expedition was soon forgotten in the dramas which surrounded these and other Heroic Age explorers. However, Roald Amundsen, conqueror of the South Pole in 1911, acknowledged that Borchgrevink's expedition had removed the greatest obstacles to Antarctic travel, and had opened the way for all the expeditions that followed.
Background.
Born in Oslo in 1864 to a Norwegian father and an English mother, Carsten Borchgrevink emigrated to Australia in 1888, where he worked on survey teams in the interior before accepting a provincial schoolteaching appointment in New South Wales. In 1894 he joined a commercial expedition, led by Henryk Bull in the whaler "Antarctic", which penetrated Antarctic waters and reached Cape Adare, the western portal to the Ross Sea. A party including Bull and Borchgrevink briefly landed there and claimed to be the first men to set foot on the Antarctic continent—although the American sealer John Davis believed he had landed on the Antarctic Peninsula in 1821. They also visited Possession Island in the Ross Sea, leaving a message in a tin box as proof of their journey. Borchgrevink was convinced that the Cape Adare location, with its huge penguin rookery providing a ready supply of fresh food and blubber, could serve as a base at which a future expedition could overwinter and subsequently explore the Antarctic interior.
Determined that he would lead such an expedition himself, after his return from Cape Adare Borchgrevink spent much of the next three years attempting to gain financial backing in Australia and England. Despite some encouragement from the Royal Geographical Society (RGS), whose International Congress he addressed in 1895, he was initially unsuccessful. The RGS was in fact harbouring plans of its own for a large-scale National Antarctic Expedition and was in search of funds; Borchgrevink was regarded by RGS president Sir Clements Markham as a foreign interloper and a rival for funding. However, Borchgrevink eventually managed to persuade publisher Sir George Newnes (whose business rival Alfred Harmsworth was backing Markham's venture) to meet the full cost of his expedition, some £40,000 (approximately £ as of ). This gift infuriated Markham and the RGS, since Newnes's donation, had it come their way, would have been enough "to get the National Expedition on its legs".
Newnes made one stipulation: Borchgrevink's expedition must sail under the British flag, and be styled the British Antarctic Expedition. Borchgrevink readily agreed to this, even though only two of the entire expedition party were British. This increased the hostility and contempt of Markham, who chastised RGS librarian Hugh Robert Mill for attending the Southern Cross Expedition launch.
There, Mill had toasted the success of the expedition in stirring terms, calling it "a reproach to human enterprise" that there were parts of the earth that man had never attempted to reach. He hoped that this reproach would be lifted through "the munificence of Sir George Newnes and the courage of Mr Borchgrevink".
Organisation.
Expedition objectives.
Borchgrevink's expedition objectives comprised commercial, scientific and geographical goals. He considered forming a company to exploit the extensive guano deposits that he had observed during his 1894–95 voyage, but this came to nothing. In numerous addresses to scientific societies, he stressed the extent of work that could be carried out by a resident expedition, including the possibility of establishing the location of the South Magnetic Pole. The team of scientists that Borchgrevink appointed, though inexperienced, covered a wide range of disciplines—magnetism, meteorology, biology, zoology, taxidermy and cartography. Borchgrevink also hoped that the expedition's scientific achievements could be matched by spectacular geographical discoveries and journeys, even perhaps an attempt on the geographical South Pole itself. With no knowledge of the continent's geography, he was unaware that the site of the base at Cape Adare would rule out any serious exploration of the Antarctic interior.
Ship.
For his expedition's ship, Borchgrevink purchased a steam whaler, "Pollux", that had been built in the yard of Colin Archer, the renowned Norwegian shipbuilder. Archer had designed and built Nansen's ship "Fram", which in 1896 had returned unscathed from its long drift in the northern polar ocean during Nansen's "Farthest North" expedition, 1893–96. "Pollux", which Borchgrevink immediately renamed "Southern Cross", was barque-rigged, 520 tons gross, and overall length. Engines were designed to Borchgrevink's specification, and fitted before the ship left Norway. Although Markham cast doubts on her seaworthiness (perhaps to thwart Borchgrevink's departure), the ship fulfilled all that was required of her in Antarctic waters. Like several of the historic polar ships her post-expedition life was short; she was sold to the Newfoundland Sealing Company, and in April 1914 was lost with all hands in a storm off the Newfoundland coast.
Personnel.
The shore party of ten who were to winter at Cape Adare consisted of Borchgrevink, five scientists, a medical officer, a cook who also served as a general assistant, and two dog drivers. Of this party, five were Norwegians, two were English, one was Australian and two, the dog experts, were Samis from Northern Norway, sometimes described in expedition accounts as Lapps or "Finns". Among the scientists was the Tasmanian Louis Bernacchi, who had studied magnetism and meteorology at the Melbourne Observatory. He had been appointed to the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1897–99, but had been unable to take up his post; the expedition's ship, "Belgica", had failed to call at Melbourne on its way south, leaving Bernacchi stranded. Bernacchi then travelled to London and secured a place on Borchgrevink's scientific staff. His chronicle of the Southern Cross Expedition, which was published in 1901, was critical of aspects of Borchgrevink's leadership, but defended the expedition's scientific achievements. In 1901 Bernacchi went back to Antarctica as a physicist on Scott's "Discovery" Expedition. Another of Borchgrevink's men who was to serve Scott's expedition (in command of "Discovery"'s relief ship "Morning") was Englishman William Colbeck, an experienced seaman who held a lieutenant's commission in the Royal Naval Reserve. In preparation for the Southern Cross Expedition Colbeck had taken a course in magnetism at Kew Observatory.
Borchgrevink's assistant zoologist was Hugh Blackwell Evans, a vicar's son from Bristol, who had spent three years on a cattle ranch in Canada and had also been on a sealing voyage to the Kerguelen Islands. The chief zoologist was Nicolai Hanson, a graduate from the University of Christiania. Also in the shore party was Herlof Klovstad, the expedition's medical officer, whose previous appointment had been to a lunatic asylum in Bergen. The others were Anton Fougner, scientific assistant and general handyman; Kolbein Ellifsen, cook and general assistant; and the two Sami dog-handlers, Per Savio and Ole Must. Savio and Must, at 21 and 20 years of age respectively, were the youngest of the party. Borchgrevink later described Savio as "well-known for his faithful character, hardihood and intelligence".
The ship's company, under Captain Bernard Jensen, consisted of 19 Norwegian seamen and one Swedish steward. Jensen was an experienced ice navigator in Arctic and Antarctic waters, and had been with Borchgrevink on Bull's "Antarctic" voyage in 1894–95.
Voyage.
Cape Adare.
"Southern Cross" left London on 23 August 1898, after inspection by HRH the Duke of York (the future King George V), who presented a Union Flag. Along with the expedition's personnel, equipment and provisions the ship was carrying Siberian sledge dogs, the first to be taken on an Antarctic expedition. After final provisioning in Hobart, Tasmania, "Southern Cross" sailed for the Antarctic on 19 December. She crossed the Antarctic Circle on 23 January 1899, and was then caught in the pack ice for three weeks. Cape Adare was sighted on 16 February, and the following day the ship was anchored close to the shore.
Cape Adare had been discovered by Antarctic explorer James Clark Ross during his 1839–43 expedition. It lies at the end of a long promontory; below the Cape is a large triangular shingle foreshore, where Bull and Borchgrevink had made their brief landing in 1895. This foreshore is the site of one of the largest Adelie penguin rookeries on the entire continent and, as Borchgrevink had remarked in 1895, "On this particular spot, there is ample room for houses, tents and provisions". The abundance of penguins would provide both a winter larder and a fuel source.
Unloading began on 17 February. First ashore were the 75 dogs, with their two Sami handlers, who remained with them and thus became the first men to spend a night on the Antarctic continent. During the next twelve days the rest of the equipment and supplies were landed, and two prefabricated huts were erected, one as living quarters and the other for storage. These were the first buildings erected on the continent. A third structure was contrived from spare materials, to serve as a magnetic observation hut. The "living hut" was small to serve as accommodation for ten men, and seemingly precarious—Bernacchi later described it as "fifteen feet square, lashed down by cables to the rocky shore". The dogs were housed in kennels fashioned from packing cases. By 2 March the base, christened "Camp Ridley" after Borchgrevink's English mother's maiden name, was fully established, and the Duke of York's flag raised. That day, "Southern Cross" departed for Australia, to spend the winter there.
Inside the living hut were two small ante-rooms, one used as a photographic darkroom, the other for taxidermy. Within the main accommodation area daylight was admitted via a double-glazed and shuttered window and through a small square pane high on the northern wall. Bunks were fitted around the outer walls, and a table and stove dominated the centre of the hut. During the few brief weeks before winter set in, members of the party made trial sledging journeys on the sea ice in nearby Robertson Bay, during which they surveyed the coastline and collected specimens of birds and fish. They also slaughtered seals and penguins for food and fuel. Outside activities were largely curtailed in Mid-May, with the onset of severe winter weather.
Antarctic winter.
As the winter season took hold, the party was almost completely restricted to the cramped living quarters. This proved to be a difficult time; Bernacchi wrote of rising boredom and irritation: "Officers and men, ten of us in all, found tempers wearing thin". During this period of tension and confinement, Borchgrevink's qualities as a commander were found wanting; he was, wrote Bernacchi, "in many respects ... not a good leader". Polar historian Ranulph Fiennes writes that in conditions of "democratic anarchy", dirt, disorder and inactivity were the order of the day.
Borchgrevink was not a trained scientist, and his incompetence with equipment and inability to make simple observations were reportedly of great concern to some of the party. However, a programme of scientific observations was maintained, exercise was taken outside the hut when the weather permitted, and as a further diversion Savio improvised a sauna in the snowdrifts alongside the hut. A concert was arranged, including lantern slides, songs and readings. During this time there were two near-fatal incidents; in the first, a candle left burning beside a bunk set fire to the hut and caused extensive damage. In the second, three of the party were nearly asphyxiated by coal fumes as they slept.
The party was well-supplied with a variety of basic foodstuffs—butter, tea and coffee, herrings, sardines, cheeses, soup, tinned tripe, plum pudding, dry potatoes and vegetables. However, there were soon complaints about the lack of luxuries, Colbeck noting that "all the tinned fruits supplied for the land party were either eaten on the passage or left on board for the [ship's] crew". There was also a shortage of tobacco, in spite of an intended provision of half a ton (500 kg); only a quantity of chewing tobacco was landed.
The zoologist, Nicolai Hanson, had fallen ill during the winter. On 14 October 1899 he died, apparently of an intestinal disorder, and became the first person to be buried on the Antarctic continent. The grave was dynamited from the frozen ground at the summit of the Cape. Bernacchi wrote: "There amidst profound silence and peace, there is nothing to disturb that eternal sleep except the flight of seabirds". Hanson left a wife, and a baby daughter born after he left for the Antarctic.
As winter gave way to spring, the party prepared for more ambitious inland journeys using the dogs and sledges. However, their base camp was cut off from the continent's interior by high mountain ranges, and journeys along the coastline were frustrated by unsafe sea ice. These factors severely restricted the extent of their exploration, which was largely confined to the vicinity of Robertson Bay. Here, a small island was discovered, which was called Duke of York Island, lying situated on the Pennell Coast, after the expedition's patron. A few years later this find was dismissed by members of Scott's Discovery Expedition, who claimed that the island "did not exist", but its position has since been confirmed at 71°38′S, 170°04′E.
Ross Sea exploration.
"Southern Cross" returned to Cape Adare from Australia on 28 January 1900. Borchgrevink began dismantling the camp and taking its remaining supplies on board, but soon abandoned this; on 2 February he took the ship south into the Ross Sea. Evidence of a hasty and disorderly departure from Cape Adare was noted two years later, when the site was visited by members of the Discovery Expedition, after which Edward Wilson wrote; "... heaps of refuse all around, and a mountain of provision boxes, dead birds, seals, dogs, sledging gear ... and heaven knows what else".
The first port of call in the Ross Sea was Possession Island, where the tin box left by Borchgrevink and Bull in 1895 was recovered. They then proceeded southwards, following the Victoria Land coast and discovering further islands, one of which Borchgrevink named after Sir Clements Markham, whose hostility towards the expedition was evidently unchanged by this honour. "Southern Cross" then sailed on to Ross Island, observed the volcano Mount Erebus, and attempted a landing at Cape Crozier, at the foot of Mount Terror. Here, Borchgrevink and Captain Jensen were almost drowned by a large wave caused by a calving or breakaway of ice from the adjacent Great Ice Barrier. Following the path of James Clark Ross sixty years previously, they proceeded eastwards along the Barrier edge, to find the inlet where, in 1843, Ross had reached his farthest south. Observations indicated that the Barrier edge had moved some 30 statute miles (50 km) south since Ross's time, which meant that the ship were already south of Ross's record. However, Borchgrevink wished to make a landing on the Barrier itself. In the vicinity of Ross's inlet he found a spot where the ice sloped sufficiently to suggest that a landing was possible. On 16 February he, Colbeck and Savio landed with dogs and a sledge, ascended to the Barrier surface, and then journeyed a few miles south to a point which they calculated as 78°50′S, a new Farthest South record. They were the first persons to travel on the Barrier surface, earning Amundsen's approbation: "We must acknowledge that, by ascending the Barrier, Borchgrevink opened the way to the south, and threw aside the greatest obstacle to the expeditions that followed".
Close to the same spot ten years later, Amundsen would establish his base camp "Framheim", prior to his successful South Pole journey.
On the passage northward, "Southern Cross" halted at Franklin Island, off the Victoria Land coast, and made a series of magnetic calculations. These indicated that the location of the South Magnetic Pole was, as expected, within Victoria Land, but further north and further west than had previously been assumed. The party then sailed for home, crossing the Antarctic Circle on 28 February. On 1 April, news of their safe return was sent by telegram from Bluff, New Zealand.
Aftermath.
"Southern Cross" returned to England in June 1900, to a cool welcome. In geographical circles there was still resentment at Borchgrevink's coup in obtaining the backing of Newnes, but public attention was, in any event, distracted by the preparations for the upcoming Discovery Expedition, due to sail the following year. Borchgrevink meanwhile pronounced his voyage a great success, stating: "The Antarctic regions might be another Klondyke"—in terms of the prospects for fishing, sealing, and mineral extraction. He had proved that it was possible for a resident expedition to survive an Antarctic winter, and had made a series of geographical discoveries. These included the new islands in Robertson's Bay and the Ross Sea, and the first landings on Franklin Island, Coulman Island, Ross Island and the Great Ice Barrier. The survey of the Victoria Land coast had revealed the "important geographical discovery ... of the Southern Cross Fjord, as well as the excellent camping place at the foot of Mount Melbourne". The most significant exploration achievement, he claimed, was the scaling of the Great Ice Barrier and the journey to "the furthest south ever reached by man".
Borchgrevink's account of the expedition, "First on the Antarctic Continent", was published the following year; the English edition, much of which may have been embroidered by Newnes's staff, was criticised for its "journalistic" style and for its bragging tone. The author, whom commentators recognised was "not known for either his modesty or his tact", embarked on a lecture tour of England and Scotland, but the reception was generally poor.
Hugh Robert Mill stated that while the scientific results of the expedition were not so great as expected, many of Hanson's notes having mysteriously disappeared, the expedition was "interesting as a dashing piece of scientific work". The meteorological and magnetic conditions of Victoria Land had been recorded for a full year; the location of the South Magnetic Pole had been calculated (though not visited); samples of the continent's natural fauna and flora, and of its geology, had been collected. Borchgrevink also claimed the discovery of new insect and shallow-water fauna species, proving "bi-polarity" (existence of species in proximity to the North and South poles).
The geographical establishments in Britain and abroad were slow to give formal recognition to the expedition. The Royal Geographical Society gave Borchgrevink a fellowship, and other medals and honours eventually followed from Norway, Denmark and the United States, but the expedition's achievements were not widely recognised. Markham persisted in his attacks on Borchgrevink, describing him as cunning and unprincipled; Amundsen's warm tribute was a lone approving voice. Scott's biographer David Crane surmises that if Borchgrevink had been a British naval officer, his expedition would have been treated differently in Britain, but "a Norwegian seaman/schoolmaster was never going to be taken seriously". A belated recognition came in 1930, long after Markham's death, when the Royal Geographical Society presented Borchgrevink with its Patron's Medal. It admitted that "justice had not been done at the time to the pioneer work of the "Southern Cross" expedition", and that the magnitude of the difficulties it had overcome had previously been underestimated. After the expedition, Borchgrevink lived quietly, largely out of the public eye. He died in Oslo on 21 April 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18798093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798093" title="Taffy Thomas">
Taffy Thomas

Taffy Thomas, MBE is a storyteller, based in Grasmere in the English Lake District.
Biography.
Thomas trained as a Literature and Drama teacher at Dudley College of Education, before teaching in Wolverhampton. While teaching, he also founded two companies to promote folk theatre and rural arts. Thomas fronted and performed in the "Fabulous Salami Brothers", the popular touring unit of "Charivari", while "The Magic Lantern" traveled Europe illustrating folk songs by use of shadow puppets. 
A stroke at the age of 36 brought another change in direction when he turned to storytelling as self-imposed speech therapy. Now widely acknowledged as England's leading proponent in the art of traditional storytelling, Thomas boasts a repertoire of over 300 tales and elaborate 'lies' collected predominantly from oral sources and folklore. With so many stories in Thomas's head, fellow storyteller Giles Abbot once remarked "when Taffy goes it will be like a library burning down."
In the 2001 New Year Honours List he was awarded the MBE for services to storytelling and charity, and later in the year performed a new collaboration for the Blue Peter Prom at the Royal Albert Hall in London. 
Combining the fields of education and entertainment, Thomas has toured nationally and internationally, appearing at the Settle Storytelling Festival Bergen Arts Festival in Norway, the American National Storytelling Festival and a stint as storyteller-in-residence for the programme of summer residencies at the National Center for Storytelling in Jonesborough, Tennessee in 2006. 
Thomas is currently artistic director of "Tales in Trust", the Northern Centre for Storytelling, in Grasmere, and a patron of the Society for Storytelling.
External links.
http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/audio/2009/nov/06/michael-peel-taffy-thomas-david-vann

</doc>
<doc id="18798099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798099" title="Julian De La Celle">
Julian De La Celle

Julian de la Celle (born June 10, 1996 in Los Angeles, California) is an American actor. He played Daniel Meade, Jr. (affectionately known as DJ), Alexis Meade's son, in ABC's "Ugly Betty". De La Celle first appeared in "Ugly Betty" in the Season 2 finale, "Jump". De La Celle previously participated in local theater. He also played Rock God in the Apple iPhone Rock God commercial. He played the role of Damien Echols in the short film And? in which he acted in, wrote, and produced. The short film was adapted by an interview of Damien Echols of The West Memphis Three. He's also a recurring character on The Fosters as Zac.

</doc>
<doc id="18798109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798109" title="Edin Ademović">
Edin Ademović

Edin Ademović (born October 2, 1987 in Belgrade, Serbia) is a football midfielder who currently plays for FK Vardar.
Previously he played for Bosnian FK Sarajevo, Serbian FK Kolubara, Turkish top league Kasimpasa SK, Bulgarian A PFG Belasitsa Petrich and Turkish Second League Giresunspor. After he played for Giresunspor he moved back to Serbia and played in Serbian First League in FK Sevojno. 2010 he debuted in Serbian SuperLiga with Sloboda Sevojno.

</doc>
<doc id="18798134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798134" title="Prism International">
Prism International

Prism International (styled PRISM international) is a magazine published quarterly in Vancouver, British Columbia. Established in 1959, it is Western Canada's senior literary magazine. The focus of the magazine is contemporary fiction and poetry, but it also publishes drama and creative non-fiction.
The rendering of the name is idiosyncratic: "PRISM" is intentionally all upper-case, and "international" is all lower case.

</doc>
<doc id="18798141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798141" title="Don't Tell Me Lies">
Don't Tell Me Lies

"Don't Tell Me Lies" is the title of the debut single by the British pop group Breathe. It was written by group members David Glasper (lead vocals) and Marcus Lillington (guitar, keyboard).
The song was recorded in the mid 1980s, shortly after the formation of the original lineup of the group. Released as a single in the UK in early 1986, the song was a modest success, reaching #77 on the UK Singles Chart and providing the group with their first national exposure. By 1987, Breathe had secured an album deal, and the result of that was their debut, "All That Jazz". Original pressings of the album did not contain "Don't Tell Me Lies", but the track was added on subsequent pressings soon after.
Following the international success of other singles from the album ("Hands to Heaven", "How Can I Fall?"), "Don't Tell Me Lies" was re-issued as a single in the UK and released as the group's third single in the United States. The song made a bigger impact on the British pop chart this time round, peaking at #45 in March 1989. Following in the success of their previous singles in the US, the song became Breathe's third consecutive Top 10 hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #10; it was also embraced by adult contemporary radio, where the song reached #5.
The song is more uptempo than the ballads for which Breathe had become associated, with a greater emphasis on horns and percussion. To date, this was the group's last US Top 10 hit.

</doc>
<doc id="18798148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798148" title="Mike Browning">
Mike Browning

Mike Browning (born June 1963) is an American metal drummer and vocalist.
Career.
He is perhaps best known for being the former drummer/vocalist for death metal pioneers Morbid Angel. He played in the band from 1984 to 1986 and made one official recording with them, the "Abominations of Desolation" album, which was not actually released until 1991, years after Browning left the band. Browning had a very turbulent relationship with MA guitarist Trey Azagthoth and Browning's exit from the band was apparently triggered by Azagthoth being involved in an affair with Browning's then girlfriend.
After Morbid Angel Browning remained active as the drummer/vocalist (a rare combination in rock music in general, much less metal) for a few bands in the Florida death metal scene, perhaps most notably Nocturnus, a technical/progressive-oriented death metal band that made a name for themselves by featuring a keyboard player and with science fiction-themed lyrics. Browning was the drummer and vocalist for the band on their classic album "The Key" (1990) and solely played drums on "Thresholds" before being fired from the band in 1993. Other projects in the 80's and 90's included Florida death metal band Incubus and Acheron.
Browning's current band is called After Death, sounding much like Nocturnus with somewhat simpler song structures, and lyrically concerned with the occult and black magic. He is also involved in Devine Essence and Wolf And Hawk with female metal singer Lisa Lombardo. He is currently residing in Tampa, Florida and has a large collection of medieval weapons and Ancient Egyptian artifacts in his home. He is often asked to teach classes about Ancient Egypt and the Middle East at local colleges and schools and is qualified to be a museum curator. He also has a huge interest in old muscle cars.
In 2008, he released a solo album called "Mike Brownings Inner Workings – Trancemissions".

</doc>
<doc id="18798150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798150" title="The Power of Jennifer Rush">
The Power of Jennifer Rush

The Power of Jennifer Rush is a compilation album released by American singer Jennifer Rush.
This was the first official collection released by Rush, as well as featuring her past hits. A new single was released from the collection, "Ave Maria" (originally from her earlier album "Movin"').
Released in late 1991, the album only reached No.40 in Germany, but sustained a lengthy run on the charts and re-entered in 1995.
A repackaged version of the album, entitled "The Platinum Edition" was released in 2001 to mark its 10th anniversary.
Track listing.
In Spain the track "If You're Ever Gonna Lose My Love" was featured in Spanish by the name of "No Me Canso De Pensar En Ti (Te Quiero Tanto)"

</doc>
<doc id="18798160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798160" title="Copeland, Idaho">
Copeland, Idaho

Copeland is an unincorporated community in Boundary County, Idaho, United States. Copeland lies on Idaho State Highway 1 north of its intersection with U.S. Route 95. Copeland is northwest of Bonners Ferry and close to the Idaho-British Columbia border.
The Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail comes through Copeland on its 1,200 mile journey from the Continental Divide to the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="18798181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798181" title="Olga Solbelli">
Olga Solbelli

Olga Solbelli (11 May 1898 – 8 September 1976) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 81 films between 1939 and 1967.
She was born in Verghereto and died in Bologna.

</doc>
<doc id="18798192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798192" title="Ivelchester and Langport Navigation">
Ivelchester and Langport Navigation

The Ivelchester and Langport Navigation was a scheme to make the River Ivel (now called the River Yeo) navigable from Langport to Ilchester, in Somerset, England. Work started in 1795, but the scheme was effectively bankrupt by 1797, and construction of the locks was never completed.
History.
Ilchester was a Roman garrison town, built at the point where the Fosse Way crossed the River Ivel, and there is evidence that the Romans built quays on the river. There are mentions of boats using the river in the 13th century, and in a survey carried out in 1632 by Gerard. However, the Ivel was never a large river, and when there was inadequate water to reach Ilchester, goods were unloaded at Pill Bridge, which crossed the river downstream from the town. All goods moving from that bridge to the town had to pay tolls to the Borough of Ilchester, which increased the price of coal to the inhabitants. Navigation was also hampered by the restrictive size of the medieval bridge arch at Langport. The Ivelchester and Langport Navigation was conceived as a way of ensuring that boats could always reach the Ilchester town wharfs, and therefore duty would not be paid on goods using Pill Bridge Lane.
Construction.
Following a meeting with representatives from the Dorset and Somerset Canal, which was part of a grand scheme to link the Bristol Channel to the English Channel, a number of local businessmen obtained an Act of Parliament on 22 June 1795, which made provision for improving the river between Ilchester and Bicknell Bridge, just to the south east of Langport, and then cutting through the town along the course of the Portlake Rhine, which was then a drain, and rejoining the River Parrett below Langport lock. The act allowed the proprietors to raise £6,000 by issuing shares, and a further £2,000 in loans, if required.
Around three quarters of the share capital had been promised before the act was obtained, and so work commenced immediately. The plans involved widening the Portlake Rhine, building a lock close to the Little Bow bridge, near the centre of the town, and making a cut to join the River Parrett again near Bicknell's Bridge, which would include two more locks. A further four locks were to be constructed between there and Ilchester. The engineer was a local man called Josiah Easton, and good progress was made in the first six months at the Langport end of the scheme, but costs were escalating, and by October 1796, the scheme was in difficulty. The £6,000 of share capital had all been spent, but little work had been done on removing shoals from the river towards Ilchester. In 1797, outstanding debts were cleared and the scheme was effectively abandoned.
The Parrett Navigation Act.
Despite the scheme not being finished, some traffic continued to use the river. The Parrett Navigation Act, which was obtained in 1836, authorised improvements to the River Parrett below Langport, the construction of a canal to Westport, and the rebuilding of the Great Bow Bridge, to allow larger boats to travel beyond Langport. Normal canal tolls were charged for use of the canal, and there was a toll for trade passing under the rebuilt bridge, but some of the shareholders felt that boat users on the River Ivel should also be charged, since the water levels on the river had improved since the construction of the Parrett Navigation works.
Accordingly, Nicholas Broadmead, who was a solicitor, and Philip Broadmead, both of whom were shareholders in the Parrett Navigation Company, set about tracing and buying the 120 shares of the original Ivelchester and Langport Canal Company. Philip Broadmead obtained professional opinions on the legality of the proposed action, and produced a document outlining the expected returns on such a scheme. Some shares were obtained, and a meeting was held on 26 September 1843 at the Castle Inn in Ilchester, but the outcome is not known, as the plan faded away, and the planned resurrection of the company did not occur.
Today.
Little remains of the Navigation. The course of the Portlake Rhine and the channel from Bicknell's Bridge to Little Bow bridge can be made out in the landscape, but navigation on the Parrett as a whole has largely ceased because the locks have been replaced by sluices.

</doc>
<doc id="18798201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798201" title="Matthias Schwarz">
Matthias Schwarz

Matthias Schwarz (born 28 December 1987) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kickers Offenbach.
He joined VfB Stuttgart in July 2009 from FC Ingolstadt 04. Prior to this, he played for Bayern Munich II.

</doc>
<doc id="18798204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798204" title="Pape Avenue Cemetery">
Pape Avenue Cemetery

Pape Avenue Cemetery, officially known as Holy Blossom Cemetery, is the first Jewish cemetery in the city of Toronto, Canada. The small cemetery is now closed to new burials, and is mostly hidden within the residential neighbourhood of Leslieville.
It was established in 1849 by two prominent local businessmen Judah G. Joseph and Abraham Nordheimer. At the time the nearest Jewish cemeteries were in Montreal or Buffalo, and Joseph was concerned for his fatally ill son Samuel, who eventually became the first burial in the new cemetery. The location near the corner of Pape (then called Centre Road) and Gerrard was then in still rural areas to the east of the city. It was not close to much of the Jewish community, but was a convenient location to purchase.
It was one of the first Jewish institutions established in Toronto, being opened some years before the city's first synagogue. When Toronto Hebrew Congregation, the predecessor to Holy Blossom Temple, was established in 1856, it took over management of the cemetery, and continues to run it today. Over the next decades almost all the early founders of Toronto's Jewish community would be buried there. In 1883 the nearby Jones Avenue Cemetery opened, serving the members of Beth Tzedec Congregation's two predecessor synagogues. The small Pape Avenue Cemetery quickly ran out of room, and it was closed to new burials in the 1930s. To replace it, Holy Blossom opened a new cemetery further east on Brimley Road in Scarborough, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="18798208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798208" title="Michael Kokocinski">
Michael Kokocinski

Michael Kokocinski (born 7 February 1985) is a German footballer who plays for TSV 1860 Rosenheim.
Career.
He has previously played for both 1860 Munich II, Bayern Munich II as well as Wacker Burghausen and Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="18798220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798220" title="Preserved Fish">
Preserved Fish

Preserved Fish (1766–1846) was a prominent New York City shipping merchant in the early 19th century. He served as president of the Bank of America, which was unrelated to the current institution of that name, and an early broker of the New York Stock & Exchange Board. He was one of the leaders in the movement opposed to sabbatarianism in the United States.
His first name was properly pronounced with three syllables ("pre-SER-vedd"), and was a reference to being "preserved from sin" or "preserved in grace". His family, prominent in New York, also gave rise to Hamilton Fish, governor, senator, and secretary of state, and Stuyvesant Fish.
Preserved Fish was born in Portsmouth, Rhode Island, the son of a blacksmith who was also named Preserved Fish. The blacksmith's father was Preserved Fish as well, but that Fish's father was named Thomas. As a youth, the younger Preserved Fish shipped to the Pacific on a whaler, becoming its captain at the age of 21. He did not take long to realize that a fortune lay in selling whale oil, not in getting it. He prospered as a merchant in New Bedford, Massachusetts, but had a political squabble and left for New York. He controlled a potent shipping firm named Fish & Grinnell – later became Grinnell, Minturn & Co – which had its beginnings in his efforts to expand his whale oil market. In 1812, he became a director of Bank of America, founded after the charter of the First Bank of the United States was not renewed. He also was one of the 28 brokers of the New York Exchange Board, which later became the New York Stock Exchange.
After his resignation from Fish & Grinnell and a brief retirement from business, he served until his death as President of the Tradesman's Bank. He was also involved with Tammany Hall: along with Gideon Lee, another banker, his faction controlled the Democratic Party in New York City at the time that the Loco Foco reformers attempted, unsuccessfully, to take it over.
He is buried in the New York City Marble Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18798233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798233" title="Squirrel, Idaho">
Squirrel, Idaho

Squirrel is an unincorporated community in Fremont County, Idaho, United States. The area lies north of Idaho State Route 32 northeast of Drummond and southeast of Ashton.

</doc>
<doc id="18798238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798238" title="Foosackly's">
Foosackly's

Foosackly's (stylized as foosackly's) is a chain of chicken restaurants in coastal Alabama. The restaurant serves chicken finger boxes, as well as sandwiches and salads. The first Foosackly's store was opened in Mobile, Alabama during 2000.
Background.
Foosackly's was co-founded by Will Fusaiotti and Eric Bechtel. The two attended Louisiana State University together. Fusaiotti moved to Mobile with his family in 1995 to help his father open a Smoothie King. Fusaiotti and Bechtel had never fried a piece of chicken until the weekend before opening their first location on University Boulevard in Mobile in 2000.
The restaurant has grown into a mini-chain in Alabama, with seven current operating locations in Mobile, Saraland and Semmes. New locations are slated to open in Mobile and Foley in 2014. Fusaiotti has also considered opening restaurants in downtown Mobile, Daphne, Spanish Fort, and locations northward toward Montgomery, Birmingham and Tuscaloosa.
Advertising.
One of the company's advertising campaigns gained national and international attention in 2008 during the U.S. Air Force's KC-135 aerial refueling tanker dispute between Boeing and a Northrop Grumman/EADS partnership. Boeing protested the contract being awarded to Northrop Grumman/EADS, who would have built the tankers in Mobile. After this protest, Foosackly's placed billboards around the area stating "We would like to offer Boeing a finger." That advertising campaign saw bumper stickers featuring the slogan sold as far afield as California and France. Almost four years later, following an announcement in July 2012 from Airbus (a subsidiary of EADS) that it planned to build its first North American aircraft assembly plant in Mobile, Foosackly's began using a new slogan that read "We'd like to offer Airbus a hand."

</doc>
<doc id="18798240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798240" title="Aaron Mitchell (murderer)">
Aaron Mitchell (murderer)

Aaron Mitchell (1930 – April 12, 1967) was executed in the gas chamber for murdering police officer Arnold Gamble in Sacramento on February 15, 1963. 
Mitchell was the last person to be executed in California before the Supreme Court of California ruled in 1972 that the death penalty was unconstitutional (the Supreme Court of the United States made a similar ruling later that year). Mitchell was the 194th person to be executed by gassing in California (1937–1967), and the only person to be executed in that state during the term of Governor Ronald Reagan (1967–1975). Both Reagan and his predecessor had declined clemency. Mitchell's case had been heard twice by the US Supreme Court and twice by the California Supreme Court.
His last words were "I'm Jesus Christ."
After Mitchell, there were no more executions in California until 1992, when Robert Alton Harris was gassed. The gas chamber was ruled unconstitutional in California in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18798243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798243" title="FirstBank Building">
FirstBank Building

FirstBank Building, part of the Palmer Center complex, is a class A high-rise office building in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The building was known as the Holly Sugar Building when Holly Sugar Corporation was headquartered there.

</doc>
<doc id="18798246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798246" title="Luigi Almirante">
Luigi Almirante

Luigi Almirante (30 September 1886 – 6 May 1963) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 62 films between 1921 and 1955.
He was born in Florence, Italy and died in Bracciano, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798253" title="Kaithaparampu">
Kaithaparampu

Kaithaparampu (Kaithaparambu) is a village, part of Ezhamkulam Panchayath in the Pathanamthitta district of Kerala. It is part of Adoor constituency of Kerala State and Indian Parliament. 
Many people from this small village are employed in Gulf countries, a factor which contributes greatly to the prosperity of the village. Farming activity here is characterized by small farms with mixed varieties of food crops and rubber.
Academic institutions in and around the village include Government LPS Elappupara Pattazhi, Government Higher Secondary School Nedumon and KVVS College of Science and Technology, Kaithaparampu. Several religious institutions are also part of the social - cultural mosaic.

</doc>
<doc id="18798287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798287" title="Geneviève Saumur">
Geneviève Saumur

Geneviève Saumur (born June 23, 1987 in Montréal, Québec, Canada) is a Canadian Olympic swimmer. She swam for Canada at the 2008 Olympics. 
She currently holds the 200m freestyle (short-course and long-course) Canadian Record.
She has swum for Canada at:
In 2006, she won a silver medal at the Pan Pacific Championships as a member of the 4x100m freestyle relay team and a bronze medal in the same event at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she was a member of the Canadian team that finished in 8th place in the 4x100m freestyle event.
As of 2008, Saumur is studying at Ahuntsic CEGEP.

</doc>
<doc id="18798289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798289" title="Steve Dowman">
Steve Dowman

Steve Dowman (born 15 April 1958 in Ilford) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League as a central defender.
Career.
Born in Ilford, Dowman began his career at Colchester United, making 154 league appearances and scoring 21 goals. He then moved on to play for Wrexham, Charlton Athletic, Newport County and Cambridge United, before dropping into non-league football.

</doc>
<doc id="18798293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798293" title="Monica Dahl">
Monica Dahl

Monica Anja Dahl (born 10 July, 1975) is a Namibian swimmer. Dahl competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 Summer Olympics for Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18798295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798295" title="Jennifer Rush (1992 album)">
Jennifer Rush (1992 album)

Jennifer Rush is the sixth studio album by American singer Jennifer Rush.
Released in Europe in 1992, the album proved less of a hit than her previous work and peaked in Germany at #35 (her most successful market). Singles released were "Never Say Never", "A Broken Heart" and "Vision of You" (a cover of the Belinda Carlisle song). Among the songwriters and producers on the album were successful hitmakers Rick Nowels, Ellen Shipley and Desmond Child. Due to the non-charting of her last two albums, this went unreleased in the UK and US.
Rush has said that track "Timeless Love" is one of her favourite own songs, while fans were surprised by the closing track "I Can't Say No", which was a complete departure from Rush's normal output - being a contemporary dance track.

</doc>
<doc id="18798302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798302" title="Giovanni Grasso">
Giovanni Grasso

Giovanni Grasso (11 November 1888 – 30 April 1963) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 82 films between 1910 and 1955.
He was born and died in Catania, Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798319" title="Dog Tales (1958 film)">
Dog Tales (1958 film)

Dog Tales is a 1958 Warner Brothers animated cartoon which consists of a series of blackout gags involving dogs (e.g., one in which a doberman pinscher viciously pinches an overweight U.S. Army private identified as "Doberman" reference to, and a caricature of, the character played by Maurice Gosfield on "The Phil Silvers Show"; and another in which the narrator can't make up his mind whether the dog pictured is a pointer or a setter, and then finally shows a picture of a "point-setter"). A basset hound declares that she's a TV star (a reference to Cleo the Dog, from the contemporary TV series, "The People's Choice"), we learn the unusual breed of a newfoundland puppy's grandfather, and a great dane named "Victor Barky" plays the piano. Reused animation from Chuck Jones' "Often an Orphan" (1948) and Friz Freleng's Piker's Peak (1957) is also seen here. This animated film features the voices of Mel Blanc, Robert C. Bruce and Julie Bennett, and was directed by Robert McKimson and written by Tedd Pierce. It was released in theaters on July 26, 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18798320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798320" title="Meitatsu Yagi">
Meitatsu Yagi

Meitatsu Yagi (born July 7, 1944) is the eldest son of Meitoku Yagi and followed after him as a teacher and practitioner of Karate. 
Meitatsu was tutored directly by his father, grand master Meitoku Yagi himself. By training under his father for over fifty years, he was groomed and trained to carry on the legacy of Meibukan Gojyu-Ryu (hard style) Karate. One of Yagi’s goals has been to spread Meibukan Gojyu-Ryu Karate throughout the world. Yagi has lived, worked, initiated new dojos and taught Meibukan in several places outside of Okinawa and around the world. Yagi lived in the US from 1964 to 1970; in Guam 1971 to 1975; in Saipan 1995 to 1997 and in the Philippines 1997 to 1998. After returning from Guam in 1975, Yagi was given the title of Renshi 6th Dan and became a Director of All Okinawan Karate-Do Association in 1976. Also in 1976, he was given the teaching responsibilities at the Hombu Dojo in Okinawa as President of Gojyu-Ryu Meibu-kai with Meitetsu Yagi (his younger brother) as Vice-President and Meitoku Yagi as Chairman / Consultant.
Meitoku Yagi chose his eldest son Meitatsu to be the first to learn all facets of Meibukan Gojyu-Ryu. He helped develop and teach all the kata, Renzoku Kumite, Kakomi Kumite, Meibukan Bo, Meibukan Sai, Nihon Kumite, Renzoku form and Kakomi forms. Although many profess to be Meibukan practitioners, many have not learned or practiced the forms developed by him for his style. These forms are an integral part of Meibukan Gojyu-Ryu.
Meitatsu was a director of the All Okinawa Karate-Do Gojyu-Kai for 20 years. He also served a two-year term as President of the Okinawan Karate-Do Gojyu-Kai in 1987 as well as President of the Hombu Dojo in Kume.
In 1995 Meitatsu worked in Saipan and the Philippines returning in 1998 to help care for his father who was ailing at the time. Meitoku Yagi gave Meitatsu Yagi the title of Hanshi Judan, Okinawa Karate-Do Gojyu-Kai in 1997. Meitoku Yagi presented only one Hanshi Judan. Meitatsu Yagi travels the world meeting and teaching hundreds of people each year in seminars in India, Canada, Israel, Italy, the USA, England and France as well as South America.
Meitatsu has also been very active in promoting the Okinawa Traditional Karatedo Kobudo International Studying Center in Yomitan Village, Okinawa. He is working with Kenyu CHINEN of Shorin-Ryu and Yasuo SHIMOJI of Uechi Ryu. All three masters are traditional Okinawan teachers and are working together to promote Okinawa Traditional Karate-Do and Kobudo in Okinawa and around the world.
In 2007, he published his second book on the history and philosophy of Meibukan gojyu-ryu, entitled, "Importance of Spiritual Karate".
Currently Meitatsu is the president of the International Meibukan Goju-ryu Karate Association (IMGKA).

</doc>
<doc id="18798321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798321" title="Leap Frog (board game)">
Leap Frog (board game)

Leap Frog is a multi-player abstract strategy board game. Several players can play at once which makes it great for parties and family get-togethers. The game is an old classic, and may have derived from Solitaire and draughts. It is essentially a multi-player version of Solitaire. A square board is used with 15 to 18 squares on each side. All the pieces are laid out in the beginning of the game covering the whole board. On each player's turn, a piece is chosen to hop over and capture other pieces on the board. The winner is the one who captures the most pieces (or the most points) when it's impossible to capture anymore. There are two versions to this game. The older version has undifferentiated pieces on the board. The version described and invented by the game historian, H.J.R. Murray, in his book published in 1898 has different point values for the different colored pieces on the board. The older version was played in England where it may have originated from. The game is also known to be spelled as one word, Leapfrog. Another name for the game is Froglet. 
As a side note, Murray never stated that the moves are limited to orthogonal directions. The game might still work with diagonal moves. 
Goal.
The player who captures the most pieces (or the most points) is the winner
Equipment.
A square board with 15 to 18 squares is used. It is best to use a marble board or peg board. The number of pieces needed is n2. For example, a 15 x 15 square board requires 152 = 225 pieces.
When the pieces have different colors and therefore different point values, the number of pieces per color are divided as follows: 1 green for every 2 red, for every 3 yellow, for every 4 white. In a 15 x 15 square board that would be 22 green, 45 red, 68 yellow, and 90 white pieces. 
Game Play and Rules.
1. All the pieces are laid out on the board at the beginning of the game. For the multi-colored version (Murray's version), the four colored pieces are distributed randomly throughout the board. Green pieces are worth 4 points, red pieces are worth 3 points, yellow pieces are worth 2 points, and white pieces are worth 1 point.
2. Each player removes one piece from the board for their first capture.
3. Players decide who starts first. Players alternate their turns. 
4. All moves must be capturing moves (short leap method). A piece from the board is chosen by a player on their turn, and is used to leap over piece(s) on the board which are captured and removed from the board. All leaps must be orthogonal (not diagonal). To be more specific, the chosen piece leaps over an orthogonally adjacent piece, and lands on a vacant space on the other side similarly as in draughts. Multiple captures are allowed as long as there exist exactly one vacant space in between the pieces, and a vacant space beyond the last piece. During a multiple capture sequence, the chosen piece can change directions orthogonally. A player can decide how many captures to be made, but at least one piece must be captured in a player's turn. The chosen piece remains on the board at the end of its leap(s), and that player's turn ends.
5. If on a player's turn a capture is no longer possible, the game ends, and the player with the most pieces (original version) or the most points (Murray's version) wins the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18798329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798329" title="Sean Senechal">
Sean Senechal

Sean C. Senechal is a college instructor and an animal language educator (a new field), specializing in studying and developing domesticated animal communication. Ms Senechal uses PBS (Positive Behavior Support) in ABA Applied Behavior Analysis, and provides ABA Behavioral Therapy to humans (children with autism and speech delays), as well extends this to benefit domestic animals (dogs, horses, and cats).
Sean Senechal’s major contribution has been to approach companion animals as language learners, capable of learning additional methods of expressive communication. Her focus is on exploring studying and teaching these animals productive-expressive language, but she includes expanded receptive language skill development. She applies techniques similar to applied behavior analysis Functional Communication Training used with children to companion animals- dogs, horses, and cats. While many studies have focused on non-human primate language development using lexigrams and sign language, Senechal focuses on the promoting language development in companion animals.
She attended an undergraduate programs in Sociology with special interests in physics and math, UC Berkeley and studied animal physiology and cognition (attention) in the graduate program at UC Davis. She attended California State Universities in San Francisco in the MA program on Biology (behavior and physiology), then continued with a teaching credential in math/science, and ABA Applied Behavior Analysis PBS (Positive Behavioral Support) Certification Courses at CSUMB Monterey, California. She teaches college courses in Human Biology and Behavior, The Emotional and Communicative Lives of Dogs, and Canine Wellness Through AnimalSigning in various departments at California State University, Monterey Bay.
She founded the AnimalSign Center, a language research center and school for (non-primate) animals. She created the AnimalSign Language used to research and teach animals a new, structured, gestural language (inspired by the sophisticated language ASL).
At the center she studies and teaches methods of enhancing and developing Animal communication, especially productive-expressive forms. She developed a method similar to what applied behavioral analysis (ABA) calls ‘’’Functional Communication Training’’’ (FCT). FCT is used with children with special needs, especially with speech delays to help them develop language skills. Ms Senechal uses her approach, called ‘’’AnimalSign Language’’' similar to FCT but with domesticated animals. She’s used this with dogs (since 2004) and horses (since 2000) with encouraging results and benefits to the animals and people. An ABA Behavioral Therapist she practices the ABA FCT and other techniques on special needs children as well.
AnimalSign Language is the umbrella method for teaching communication (productive and receptive) through gestures, like simplified ASL, pictures Picture Exchange Communication System, PECS, tapping, and vocalization.
She holds AnimalSign Language education classes, workshops, seminars (for human and animal students) at the AnimalSign Center and California State University Monterey Bay Extension, Life Long Learning Program in California.
Pilot work was promising and summarized in "CANIS FAMILIARIS" in 2008-9(a Canadian canine magazine) at conventions such as the Canadian Association of Professional Pet Dog Trainers. and her book AnimalSign To You and Dog's Can Sign, Too. in 2009 through Random House.
Continued research and practice is underway on this approach of teaching a gestural (pictural/vocal) language to animals-dogs, horse, and cats. Dogs formally studied are German shepherds, Border collies, and poodles, and Golden Retrievers.
Ms Senechal's book was reviewed and her efforts were described for the blind dogs and deaf dogs owners' communities at # redirect [http://www.deafdogsforever.weebly.com]

</doc>
<doc id="18798331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798331" title="Robert John Simmons">
Robert John Simmons

First Sergeant Robert John Simmons was a Bermudian who served in the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War. He died in August 1863, as a result of wounds received in an attack on Fort Wagner, near Charleston, South Carolina.
Biography.
A former clerk, probably from St. George's, Simmons joined the 54th on March 12, 1863. (Many black and white Bermudians fought for the Union, mostly in the US Navy. Many more, like Thomas Leslie Outerbridge, profiteered from the war by smuggling arms to the blockaded South.)
The black regiment was raised in March 1863 by the Governor of Massachusetts, John A. Andrew. Commanded by Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, it sprang to life after the passage of the Emancipation Proclamation. Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton decided white officers would be in charge of all "colored" units. Colonel Shaw was hand picked by Governor John Andrew. Governor Andrew also selected Norwood Penrose "Pen" Hallowell as the unit's second in command.
Simmons was introduced to Francis George Shaw, father of Colonel Shaw, by William Wells Brown, a prominent abolitionist lecturer, novelist, playwright, historian and former slave, who described him as ""a young man of more than ordinary abilities who had learned the science of war in the British Army"". In his book, "The Negro in the American Rebellion", Brown wrote that ""Francis George Shaw remarked at the time that Simmons would make a 'valuable soldier'. Col. Shaw also had a high opinion of him"".
Fort Wagner.
The regiment gained recognition on July 18, 1863, when it spearheaded an assault on Fort Wagner near Charleston, South Carolina. Colonel Shaw was killed, along with one-hundred and sixteen of his men. Another hundred and fifty-six were wounded or captured. The total casualties of 272 would be the highest total for the 54th in a single engagement during the war. Although they were not able to capture the fort, the 54th was widely acclaimed for its valor, and the event helped encourage the further enlistment and mobilization of African-American troops, a key development that President Abraham Lincoln once noted as helping to secure the final victory.
A letter written by First Sergeant Simmons shortly before the attack on Battery Wagner was published in the New York Tribune on the 23rd of December, 1863.
First Sergeant Simmons was among the casualties of the battle for Fort Wagner. He was wounded and captured by the Confederates. An article in the July 28, 1863 edition of the "Weekly Columbus Enquirer", described him as ""a brave man and of good education. He was wounded and captured. Taken to Charleston, his bearing impressed even his captors. After suffering amputation of the arm, he died there."" The newspaper also described him as saying that he fought ""for glory"".
Although Simmons was not mentioned by name, he was described as a Bermudian sergeant, leaving no doubt as to his identity: "One of the negroes is a remarkably sprightly fellow from Bermuda where he was educated as a soldier. His position is that of an Orderly Sergeant, but he has lost an arm, and probably one leg will go. A third of the `glory' for which he says he came to fight, being thus amputated, he will in the future be a wiser man. The others are a mongrel set of trash and very fair representatives of the common type of free Northern negro."
Simmons also received special mention by Shaw's successor, Colonel Hallowell, brother of Norwood Hallowell, and was awarded a private medal. He died of his wounds in August, 1863, at the age of 26.
Legacy.
By 1989, Robert Simmons was a forgotten footnote of the history of the 54th Massachusetts. His having fought "for glory" was not known to the filmmakers who, that year, released the Academy Award-winning film "Glory", which told the story of the unit. The film starred Matthew Broderick as Shaw, Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Cary Elwes, and Andre Braugher. The film re-established the now-popular image of the combat role African-Americans played in the Civil War, and the unit, often represented in historical battle reenactments, now has the nickname "The Glory Regiment". First Sergeant Simmons is mentioned repeatedly in a documentary narrated by Glory actor Morgan Freeman, "The True Story of Glory".

</doc>
<doc id="18798332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798332" title="Dyffryn, Neath Port Talbot">
Dyffryn, Neath Port Talbot

Dyffryn, Neath Port Talbot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18798342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798342" title="Facundo (TV host)">
Facundo (TV host)

Facundo Gómez Brueda (was born on April 29, 1978), best known as Facundo, is a Mexican TV host among Mexican teenagers.
Biography.
Facundo started his career at the Mexican TV network TeleHit together with his good friend Diego, hosting a show called Depasónico, where, besides presenting videos, the two conducted interviews and visited nightclubs.
In April 2002 Gómez launched a new show called Toma Libre.
Facundo also took part in Mexico's Big Brother VIP where he finished in second place. His fans called him "the uncrowned king".
In 2004 he hosted a new show Incógnito which had a similar format to that of Toma Libre. It was transmitted by Televisa's Canal 5.

</doc>
<doc id="18798343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798343" title="Dead Hollywood Stars">
Dead Hollywood Stars

Dead Hollywood Stars is an electronic music project of the Canadian musician John Sellekaers. 
The sound of Dead Hollywood Stars has been described as cinematic and luxurious. Because of its use of guitars and nostalgic atmospheres journalists have compared it to the work of Italian composer Ennio Morricone. Others have depicted it as a pop project with surreal and dusty ambience.
Past members.
Past members of Dead Hollywood Stars have included: C-drik Fermont and Hervé Thomas.

</doc>
<doc id="18798361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798361" title="Ralph Bouverie Deedes">
Ralph Bouverie Deedes

Lieutenant-General Sir Ralph Bouverie Deedes, KCB, OBE, MC (1890-1954) was a British officer who served in the Indian Army.
Military career.
Deedes was commissioned onto the unattached list of the Indian Army on 29 January 1910 and posted to the 31st Punjabis in 5 March 1911. In 1914 he was attached to the 57th Rifles in France and Belgium, where he served from 5 November 1914 to 25 September 1915. He also served in Mesopotamia 18 April to 11 July 1916. He was awarded the Military Cross in the London Gazette of 14 January 1916 for his actions in France & Belgium.
From 27 April to 7 October 1918 he was a Deputy Assistant Military Secretary to the Commander in Chief, India and from 27 January 1919 to 1 January 1922 he was an Assistant Military Secretary to the Commander in Chief, India and for his service during the operations against Afghanistan in 1919 he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire.
He was appointed a Company Commander in the 2nd battalion 16th Punjab Regiment (the post 1922 title of the 31st Punjabis) on 24 November 1924. He attended Staff College. He was Brigade Major 11th (Ahmednagar) Brigade from 2 September 1930 to 24 September 1931.
He served as commanding officer of 2nd battalion of the 18th Garhwal Rifles from February 1934 to October 1937 and went on to become Acting Commander of 2nd Indian Infantry Brigade from April to October 1936 and Deputy Military Secretary in India in October 1937.
Deedes served in World War II as commander of the Thal Brigade from October 1939, as General Officer Commanding Waziristan District from 12 March 1941. He was Mentioned in Dispatches for Waziristan in 1942 (London Gazette 17/12/42) and 1943 (London Gazette 25/11/43) and was appointed CB in London Gazette 11 June 1942.
He was appointed Military Secretary in India 21 August 1943. He was appointed Colonel of the 18th Garhwal Rifles 1 December 1944, and was advanced to KCB in the London Gazette 14 June 1945. His last appointment was as Adjutant-General, India from 1944 until 15 March 1946 before retiring 15 November 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18798373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798373" title="Samudra Gupta (poet)">
Samudra Gupta (poet)

Not to be confused with the Gupta Emperor "Samudragupta"
Samudra Gupta (June 23, 1946 – July 19, 2008) was an Bangladeshi poet and journalist. Gupta was a strong critic of both communalism and Islamic fundamentalism, and expressed his opposition to these ideologies within his writings.
Gupta was born Abdul Mannan on June 23, 1946, in Hashil village in Sirajganj District. Mannan adopted the pseudonym of Samudra Gupta during the 1960s and was widely recognized by his pen name during his life and career. He took part in the start of the uprising against Pakistan beginning in 1969 and fought in the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Gupta was originally a journalist by profession. He worked as different daily and weekly newspapers throughout Bangladesh. Gupta also served as the general secretary of the country's National Poetry Council.
He wrote thirteen books of poetry during his career, as well as one work of fiction and an additionally book of poetry as a collaboration with another writer. he also released many articles and short stories and served as the editor of several books. 
Gupta's most famous writings include "Rode Jholshano Mukh", "Swapnamongol Kabyo", "Ekhono Utthan Achhey", "Chokhey Chokh Rekhey", "Ekaki Roudrer Dike" and "Shekorer Shokey". His writings have been translated from Bengali into Chinese, French, Sinhalese, English, Hindi, Japanese, Urdu, Norwegian and Nepali.
He was a recipient of the Jessore Literature Award and the Humayun Kabir Award for literature. Additionally, Gupta was also awarded the Poet Vishnu Dey Award and the Language Day Honour by the government of the Indian state of Tripura.
Samudra Gupta died of gallbladder cancer on July 19, 2008, at the Narayana Hridayalaya Hospital in Bangalore, India. He had been hospitalized in India for treatment since July 3, 2008. Gupta, who was 62 when he died, was survived by his wife and two daughters. He was buried at Mirpur Martyred Intellectuals' Graveyard.
Tributes flowed for Gupta from across Bangladesh. The Primary and Mass Education Adviser Rasheda K Chowdhury was quoted in a statement as saying that, "The nation has lost a renowned poet." The leaders of the Bangladesh Udichi Shilpigoshthi noted that Gupta's "fervent writing against communalism, fundamentalism and imperialism would remain alive for all the progressive people in the country" and hoped that his poems would continue to inspire democratic reforms throughout Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18798378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798378" title="Paul Peter Rhode">
Paul Peter Rhode

Paul Peter Rhode (Kashubian: "Paweł Piotr Rhode")(September 18, 1871 – March 3, 1945) was a Kashubian Polish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, and the first to be elevated to an American bishopric. He served as Bishop of Green Bay from 1915 until his death in 1945.
Biography.
Paul Rhode was born in the Kashubian town of Wejherowo, then located in Prussian Poland, to Augustin and Krystyna Rhode. His father died while Paul was quite young, and he came to the United States with his mother at age 9, settling in Chicago, Illinois. He was educated at St. Mary's College near Louisville, Kentucky, and at St. Ignatius College in Chicago, where he completed his classical and philosophical studies. He completed his theological studies at St. Francis Seminary near Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Rhode was ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Frederick Katzer on June 17, 1894. His first assignment was as a curate at St. Adalbert Church in Chicago, where he remained for two years. In 1896, he became the first pastor of SS. Peter and Paul Church, a parish for Polish Catholics in the McKinley Park section of Chicago. He was named pastor of St. Michael Church in South Chicago in 1897.
On May 22, 1908, Rhode was appointed auxiliary bishop of Chicago and titular bishop of "Barca" by Pope Pius X. Since he was the first Pole in America to be named a bishop, this occasion was celebrated with special joy by the Polish American community. He received his episcopal consecration on the following July 29 from Archbishop James Edward Quigley, with Bishops Peter Muldoon and Joseph Maria Koudelka serving as co-consecrators. He served as vicar general of the Archdiocese of Chicago from 1909 to 1915.
Following the resignation of Bishop Joseph J. Fox, Rhode was appointed the sixth Bishop of Green Bay, Wisconsin, by Pope Benedict XV on July 15, 1915. During his tenure, he established 10 parishes and 19 parochial schools, and organized the diocesan Catholic Charities and a department of education. He died at Mercy Hospital in Oshkosh, at age 73.

</doc>
<doc id="18798384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798384" title="Santiago Manuel de Alday y Aspée">
Santiago Manuel de Alday y Aspée

Santiago Manuel de Alday y Aspée (1712, Concepción – 1789, Santiago) was a Chilean Roman Catholic priest. He served as Bishop of Santiago from 1755 to 1788. He is considered the most important bishops of Santiago during the eighteenth century.
Moral diatribes.
Alday is best remembered for his frequent polemics on moral issues, and campaigned against particular aspects of women's fashion at the time –such as short skirts reaching down to the calf of the leg or very short sleeves. He also opposed the opening of the theater in Santiago; he claimed that attending comedies there was a mortal sin. He also condemned the game known as "palín" or "chueca", a form of field hockey of Mapuche origin, as well as the thick winter clothes worn by some clerics during cold weather, and the use of the sacramental bread by some people as a sealing wax on letters. 
Alday, in a famous pastoral letter about women's fashions, ordered in 1782 that "...all women of whatever station or class extend the length of their clothes, employing round petticoats or half circle shaped skirts both inside and outside of their homes in a manner that reaches their ankles… and also, in the same manner, that women cover their arms up to the mid-point between the elbow and the wrist every time they leave the home or when they receive visitors at their home."
Administrative work.
In 1780, Alday revitalized the building program associated with the Cathedral of Santiago de Chile, placing the program in the hands of the architect Joaquín Toesca. Alday was also concerned with the building of new churches in South America, including the third church built in the Marian sanctuary of Andacollo as well as the completion and consecration of the principal church in Mendoza, Argentina, in 1760. 
Alday founded new parrishes as he traveled across his extensive diocese, visiting, for example, Copiapó and Cuyo. He founded San Lázaro (1775) in the suburbs of Santiago, and parishes in more distant areas, such as Paredones (1765), Combarbalá (1757), Pelarco (1787) and Renca (1764).
He organized a diocesan synod in 1763, hoping to enact clerical reforms and discuss the immoral customs of his flock.
Theological work.
He received a good education, receiving a doctorate in Law at the University of San Marcos de Lima. He possessed one of the largest libraries in Chile during the colonial era of 2,058 volumes, which today is conserved in the Museum of Carmen de Maipú. He wrote various treatises and participated in a discussion on Probabilism, in the synod of Lima of 1772, in which he opposed this philosophy. He was a major participant in this synod.

</doc>
<doc id="18798385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798385" title="List of current Canadian Football League announcers">
List of current Canadian Football League announcers


</doc>
<doc id="18798394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798394" title="Rimington">
Rimington

Rimington is a rural village and civil parish in the Ribble Valley, Lancashire, England. It is east of Clitheroe and south of the A59 road. The village consists of the hamlets of Howgill, Martin Top, Newby and Stopper Lane, and was formerly in the West Riding of Yorkshire. The parish council is called Rimington and Middop, and is shared with Middop, a small rural parish east of Rimington with a population of 43 as of the 2001 census, (2001 Census)
The village was listed in the Domesday Book as "Renistone".
Since Tudor times Lead mining was an important industry around the village until the late 19th century. At one time silver was derived as a bi-product of the mining to the extent that Queen Elizabeth I declared the Stopper Lane mine as being a Mine Royal .
Francis Duckworth (1862–1941) was born in the village, and composed several hymn tunes including one named after the village. There is a plaque to his mem­o­ry was placed above the door­way to the former Meth­od­ist Chapel in Stop­per Lane.
Rimington railway station opened in 1872 and closed in 1959, and was on the Ribble Valley Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18798398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798398" title="A4063 road">
A4063 road

The A4063 links the town of Bridgend with Cymer in Wales.
Settlements served by the route include:

</doc>
<doc id="18798399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798399" title="Jörg Lindemeier">
Jörg Lindemeier

Jörg Lindemeier (born 30 August 1968) is a Namibian swimmer. Lindemeier competed at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics for Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="18798406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798406" title="List of Bakuman chapters">
List of Bakuman chapters

The chapters of "Bakuman", a Japanese manga series, are written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata. "Bakuman" has been serialized in the shōnen manga magazine "Weekly Shōnen Jump" by Shueisha since its premiere on August 11, 2008. The series follows accomplished artist Moritaka Mashiro and aspiring writer Akito Takagi, two boys in ninth grade who wish to be manga creators.
Since its premiere, more than one hundred chapters have been released in Japan. The individual "tankōbon" are released by Shueisha. The first volume of "Bakuman" was released on January 5, 2009, and the series has currently finished in Japan with the twentieth and final volume released in July 2012.
The chapters were also released for a limited time in English, German and French on the Jumpland Manga Online website starting on August 19, 2008, and were available until August 31, 2009. "Bakuman" is the first manga released online by Shueisha in multiple languages before becoming available in print outside of Japan. The series has also been released in Korea by Daiwon C.I. and serialized in their "Comic Champ" manhwa magazine. The series is available in North America from Viz Media.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18798409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798409" title="New York State Route 192">
New York State Route 192

New York State Route 192 (NY 192) was a long east–west state highway in Franklin County, New York, in the United States. The western terminus of the route was at an intersection with NY 30 in the hamlet of Paul Smiths within the town of Brighton. Its eastern terminus was at a junction with NY 86 near the Adirondack Regional Airport in the town of Harrietstown. In between, NY 192 served the hamlet of Gabriels.
NY 192 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to an alignment extending from Paul Smiths to Bloomingdale. A suffixed route of NY 192, NY 192A, was assigned in the 1950s to provide a signed connection between NY 192 near Gabriels and then-NY 86 in Harrietstown. NY 192A became part of NY 192 in 1980, and NY 192 became part of NY 86 on March 28, 1989.
Route description.
NY 192 began at an intersection with NY 30 in the hamlet of Paul Smiths within the town of Brighton in Franklin County. The highway headed to the northeast, passing Cooler Pond to the south and Church Pond to the north. Just north of Church Pond was Osgood Pond, which was accessible at the first intersection, which was White Pond Road. NY 192 then headed eastward, intersecting with County Route 31 (CR 31, named Jones Pond Road) in the hamlet of Paul Smiths Easy Street. The highway turned to the southeast, intersecting with another county route and passing Brighton Town Park. At the intersection with CR 60 near the park, NY 192 entered Gabriels.
NY 192 then continued to the southeast, intersecting with CR 55, its former routing eastward to NY 3 in Bloomingdale. At CR 55, NY 192 curved southward and passed into the town of Harrietstown. The route ended shortly afterward at a junction with NY 86 in the hamlet of Harrietstown east of the Adirondack Regional Airport.
History.
When NY 3 was assigned in 1924, it followed a significantly different routing through the North Country than it does today. NY 3 entered Franklin County near Hogansburg and served Malone, Paul Smiths, Gabriels, and Harrietstown before leaving the county near Saranac Lake. In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York, NY 3 was rerouted east of Watertown to follow its modern alignment through the North Country. The portion of NY 3's former routing from Harrietstown to a junction southeast of Gabriels was designated as NY 408 while the segment between Paul Smiths and the vicinity of Gabriels became part of NY 192, an east–west highway extending from Paul Smiths to the realigned NY 3 in Bloomingdale.
NY 408 and the eastern half of NY 192 were included as part of NY 365 . The new route extended from NY 5 southwest of Oneida to U.S. Route 9 (US 9) in Plattsburgh. NY 365 initially overlapped both NY 192 and NY 408; however, NY 408 was removed , leaving only NY 365 on the Harrietstown–Gabriels roadway. NY 192, meanwhile, continued to overlap NY 365 from Gabriels to Bloomingdale. In the mid-1940s, NY 365 was rerouted between Wawbeek and Bloomingdale to overlap NY 3 instead. The portion of NY 365's former routing from Harrietstown to Gabriels was not initially assigned a new designation.
The Harrietstown–Gabriels highway became a signed route once again in the early 1950s when it became NY 192A. Both NY 192 and NY 192A remained unchanged through the late 1970s. On January 7, 1980, NY 192A was supplanted by a realigned NY 192. Maintenance of NY 192's former routing between Gabriels and Bloomingdale was transferred to the counties it ran through—namely Franklin and Essex—in stages. The Franklin County portion was given to the county on April 1, 1980, while the section in Essex County was transferred to county control on April 1, 1985, as part of highway maintenance swaps between the state of New York and Franklin and Essex counties. On March 28, 1989, NY 192 was supplanted by a realigned NY 86.

</doc>
<doc id="18798430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798430" title="Jone Morino">
Jone Morino

Jone Morino (28 May 1896 – 14 September 1978) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 45 films between 1920 and 1956.
She was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798431" title="1979 Copa Fraternidad">
1979 Copa Fraternidad

The Copa Fraternidad 1979 was played in two groups of six teams, the winners of each group decided the title in a double headed. It was the ninth edition of this tournament under this name.

</doc>
<doc id="18798432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798432" title="Johann Gottfried Schnabel">
Johann Gottfried Schnabel

Johann Gottfried Schnabel (November 7, 1692 – c1751-1758) was a German writer best known for his novel "Insel Felsenburg". He published his works under the pen name Gisander.
Schnabel was born in Sandersdorf near Bitterfeld, Germany. Orphaned in 1694, he was raised by relatives. After an apprenticeship to a barber from 1706 to 1709, Schnabel worked as a "Feldsher," a military barber-surgeon, in the regiments of Wolfenbüttel and Saxony until 1717. In this capacity he took part in the War of the Spanish Succession. In 1719, Schnabel settled as a master barber in Querfurt. From 1724 he was court barber in the County of Stolberg-Wernigerode, where he was promoted to "valet de chambre" in 1729 and to court agent around 1737. The year 1750 shows the last record of Schnabel's life; his death date and place are unknown.
"Insel Felsenburg".
The "Insel Felsenburg" (literally: Rock Castle Island) was originally published in 1731 under the title 
The title was only in 1828 shortened into "Insel Felsenburg" when republished in an abridged version by German romanticist Ludwig Tieck.
The title summarizes the book. It is about a seaman who is shipwrecked on the coast of an island, where he marries and starts a family of 300. It combines themes of the then-popular genre of the "robinsonade" with elements of a social utopia.
The book was highly successful when it was published. German author Arno Schmidt wrote in a review to a reissue of the book: "It is attested that around and after 1750 the library of a commoner consisted of at least two volumes: the Bible and the "Insel Felsenburg"." Due to the success of the original work, Schnabel published three sequels of decreasing quality.

</doc>
<doc id="18798434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798434" title="Lewis Chalmers">
Lewis Chalmers

Lewis John Chalmers (born 4 February 1986) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference North side Droylsden.
Having started his career with Altrincham he moved on to Aldershot Town where he made several loan appearances for Crawley Town and Oxford United before joining Macclesfield Town on a free transfer in 2009. He has since played for Radcliffe Borough and FC United of Manchester.
Career.
Altrincham.
Chalmers played youth team football at Manchester City and Accrington Stanley before joining Altrincham during the 2002–03 season. He played regularly in Altrincham's reserves and signed a full contract in November 2004 before making his debut in March 2005.
Aldershot Town.
In June 2007, Chalmers joined Aldershot Town. He was an important part of the squad that won the Conference National title and the Conference League Cup. He was also one of five Aldershot Town players that were named in the Conference Select XI Team of the Year.
In the summer of 2008, Chalmers signed a new two-year deal to remain at Aldershot Town. He made his Football League debut by coming on as a substitute in the opening League Two game of 2008–09 season at Accrington Stanley. In January 2009, Chalmers was loaned out for one-month to Crawley Town. The loan was later extended for a second month. Chalmers was then recalled early from his loan spell at the Broadfield Stadium, due to an injury crisis back at Aldershot Town. Chalmers scored his first-ever Football League goal against Barnet in April 2009.
Chalmers moved on loan to Conference championship chasing Oxford United on 5 March 2010 for the rest of the season, joining fellow Shots player John Grant who made the same move a week earlier. He made his debut a day later coming on for Chris Hargreaves in the 2–1 home defeat to Hayes & Yeading.
Macclesfield Town.
Chalmers was released by Aldershot at the end of the 2009–10 season and subsequently signed for Macclesfield Town in June 2010, initially on a one year contract. He left Macclesfield at the end of the 2011–12 season after making 53 league appearances, scoring 5 goals.
In July 2012 he joined Conference National side Grimsby Town on trial, and played in the clubs 12–3 victory over Grimsby Borough on 11 July 2012, however two days later it was announced that he would not be offered a contract.
Move into Non-league.
In October 2012 he joined Radcliffe Borough. He then moved to FC United of Manchester in mid November. In January 2013 he moved to Droylsden.
International career.
Chalmers won his first England National Game XI cap against Holland in November 2006. He was also involved in the winning of the 2005–07 European Challenge Trophy and the Four Nations Tournament in 2007. He was also part of the England C squad that won the Four Nations Tournament in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18798435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798435" title="Herring fair">
Herring fair

The herring market or herring fair (, ) is an annual event held in Helsinki, Finland, in October every year. During the herring market, many archipelagans arrive in the Eteläsatama (Södra hamnen) harbour to sell fish and other archipelago products directly from their boats. The event is organised by the city of Helsinki.
The event is very old; according to common knowledge it was first held in 1743. In 1820 its place was settled as Eteläsatama.
The event has been forgotten from time to time, for various reasons, but in the 1980s it was revived and has become very popular.
Herring markets are also held elsewhere in Finland, such as Turku and Rauma.

</doc>
<doc id="18798441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798441" title="Chwarszczany">
Chwarszczany

Chwarszczany () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boleszkowice, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border. It lies on the river Myśla (), approximately south-east of Boleszkowice (), south-west of Myślibórz (), and south of the regional capital Szczecin ("Stettin"). It is located at the junction of voivodeship road 127 and national road 31. The village has a population of 222.
The village is located in the former region of Neumark which belonged to Germany prior to 1945 and most of which became part of Poland after World War II.
Chwarszczany Chapel.
The origins of this chapel lie in the gift to the Knights Templar of 1,000 hides of land (1 hide is approximately 17 hectares) by Władysław Odonic, Duke of Greater Poland, 
in 1232. This land was in the Kostrzyn () region and centred on Quartschen. This donation fulfilled more than simply religious reasons, as it provided a safeguard in a borderland and enabled the settlement of the area under German Law. The Dukes of Pomerania, however, considered this whole destrict as belonging to their castle of Kienitz, and not to Kostrzyn and Santok () as Poland did. In order not to become repelled from this area, they hurried, therefore, to make an own donation. Thus, in 1234 Barnim I, the Duke of Pomerania, gave the Templars a further 200 hides which were centred around Dargomyśl (), pointing out that this land is located in his own territory "Chinz" (or: "in territorio castri de Kinch").
It is not known where the Templars of Quartschen came from, but it may have been the Silesian commandery in Oleśnica Mała. In 1241 the property portfoloio of the Templars of Quartschen was expanded with the addition Lubno () and Oborzany (), donated by Włast, a Silesian magnate. By the middle of the 13th century, the Brandenburg margraves of the Ascanian dynasty gained control of the Quartschen property. Following disputation, in 1261 an agreement was reached between the Templars and the margraves: the Templars ceded rights to a commandery in Myślibórz, and gave up lands situated by the road from Kostrzyn to Gorzów (). In return they received confirmation of the possession of Quartschen with ten villages with the addition of the village of Kaleńsko ().
In 1286 Otto VI, Margrave of Brandenburg-Salzwedel, entered the monastery in Quartschen, giving the commandery greater significance. In the 1290s Bernhard von Eberstein, the commander of Quartschen, became the Templar preceptor of Poland, the Neumark, Bohemia and Moravia. In 1308, the member of the order Günther von Köthen, presumably the last commander of the Templars' estate of Quartschen, sold the village of Cychry () belonging to the commandery to two brothers of the rich Hokemann family of Frankfurt upon Oder. This is the last mention of the Templars of Quartschen, with the chapel being taken over by the Hospitallers following the suppression of the Templars.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18798449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798449" title="Rimington (disambiguation)">
Rimington (disambiguation)

Rimington may refer to:
People with the surname Rimington:

</doc>
<doc id="18798455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798455" title="Laksmi Pamuntjak">
Laksmi Pamuntjak

Laksmi Pamuntjak (b. 1971) is an Indonesian poet, novelist and food writer. She was born in Jakarta. 
She is the author of two collections of poetry, "Ellipsis" (2005) and "The Anagram" (2007), a treatise on violence and the "Iliad" entitled "Perang, Langit dan Dua Perempuan" (2006), short stories in "The Diary of R.S.: Musings on Art" (2006) and four editions of the bestselling "Jakarta Good Food Guide". 
She also translated and edited Goenawan Mohamad’s "Selected Poems" and "On God and Other Unfinished Things" and wrote the preface to "Not a Muse: International Anthology of Women’s Poetry" (2008). 
Co-founder of Aksara bookstore, Pamuntjak has also participated in numerous international literary events and festivals. Her poems and short stories have been published in several international journals.
In 2009, she was appointed jury member of the Prince Claus Awards based in Amsterdam, a post she held until 2011. 
In 2012, Pamuntjak was selected as the Indonesian representative at the Poetry Parnassus in London, the largest poetry festival in the UK held in conjunction with the London Olympics. 
At the end of 2012, Pamuntjak's first novel, "Amba", was the runner-up of "Tempo" Magazine's 2012 Best Book of the Year award. The novel is a modern take on the story of Amba and Bhisma from "The Mahabharata", set against the backdrop of the Indonesian mass killings of 1965 and the Buru penal colony. The novel is now a national bestseller and has been printed several times since its publication in October 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18798461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798461" title="I Like You So Much Better When You're Naked">
I Like You So Much Better When You're Naked

"I Like You So Much Better When You're Naked" (sometimes shortened to "I Like You So Much Better", or "Naked"), is a 2008 song by Norwegian rock musician Ida Maria. Ten months after the UK release of the single, it was released in the US on May 26, 2009. The song borrows from The Banana Splits Adventure Hour's opening theme, The Tra La La Song, and pays homage to them in its music video.
Chart performance.
On 27 July 2008 the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #18 on downloads alone and peaked at #13. On 14 August 2008 the song entered the Irish Singles Chart at #34. With the release of "Fortress Round My Heart" in the United States, the song first appeared on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in April 2009.
The song was also featured on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2008 in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18798478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798478" title="Viola, Idaho">
Viola, Idaho

Viola is an unincorporated community in Latah County, Idaho, United States. Viola has a post office with a ZIP code of 83872. Viola lies on U.S. Route 95 south of its intersection with Idaho State Highway 66 and north of Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18798489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798489" title="Elisha T. Barrett">
Elisha T. Barrett

Elisha T. Barrett (September 11, 1902 – May 8, 1966) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Suffolk Co., 2nd D.) from 1937 to 1956, sitting in the 160th, 161st, 162nd, 163rd, 164th, 165th, 166th, 167th, 168th, 169th and 170th New York State Legislatures.
He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1957 to 1966, sitting in the 171st, 172nd, 173rd, 174th, 175th and 176th New York State Legislatures. 
His legislative work transcended his home state, being elected to two non-consecutive terms as Chairman of the Council of State Governments, first in 1953, while serving as a representative, and then in 1959, while serving in the New York State Senate. No other state legislator has served two non-consecutive terms in that position.

</doc>
<doc id="18798491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798491" title="Double drop D tuning">
Double drop D tuning

Double drop D tuning: DADGBD, also known simply as double drop D, is an alternative guitar tuning: E strings are tuned down ("dropped") one whole step (2 frets) to D rather than E as in standard tuning (EADGBE).
Uses of double dropped D tuning.
The main use for double dropped D is so that guitarists can play intervals of a fifth with one finger on the bass strings, and play the treble side of a barre chord. Some recordings that make effective use of this tuning are "Black Water" by The Doobie Brothers, "The Loner" and "Cinnamon Girl" by Neil Young, "The End" by The Doors, "Chase the Sky" and "Room to Breathe" (Double Drop D 1/2 step down) and "Coming Home" (Capo 6th Fret) by Adam Parker (from Norwich UK).
Examples of chords in dropped D tuning.
Chords in double dropped D tuning are formed as they are in standard tuning, with the exception of the first and sixth strings, which are either omitted or fretted one whole step higher:
Note that these chords are not the power chords commonly played in double drop D tuning. Power chords generally mute the higher notes rather than the lower notes:
For purposes of making the table easier to read, spaces are provided between each number when the fret number becomes a double digit. 
Some examples of the simplified barre chords are shown below. 
Chords involving the minor third may be more difficult to fret.

</doc>
<doc id="18798492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798492" title="Manoj Bharathiraja">
Manoj Bharathiraja

Manoj K. Bharathi (born September 11, 1976 as Manoj Bharathiraja) is a Tamil film actor. He has starred in several films, and is most noted as the son of director Bharathiraja.
Career.
Before becoming an actor in the Tamil film industry, Manoj worked as an assistant director. He did a course in Theatre arts at the University of South Florida.
He made his acting debut in the 1999 Tamil film "Taj Mahal", directed by his father himself alongside Riya Sen, who made her debut as well. Subsequently Manoj appeared in films like "Samuthiram" alongside Sarath Kumar and Murali and "Kadal Pookkal", directed by his father, sharing screen space with Murali once again. The films, though became box office failures, received much critical acclaim, especially the latter, for which Bharathiraja was awarded the National Film Award for Best Screenplay. He then enacted the lead role in Saran's "Alli Arjuna" alongside Richa Pallod, before starring in low budget productions, "Varushamellam Vasantham" and "Pallavan", which all failed to achieve commercial success. Later, he starred in Sathyaraj's "Maha Nadigan" in a cameo role and did a negative role in the Telugu film "Lemon".
He worked as an assistant to his father in films like "Bommalattam" and noted filmmaker Mani Ratnam in "Bombay". From 2008 til 2010, he worked as an assistant to director S. Shankar in his forthcoming magnum opus "Enthiran". Since 2007 it has been reported that Manoj was set to remake his father's "Sigappu Rojakkal", but the film still remains in pre-production. In 2012, his father signed him up to replace Ameer in his production, "Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum", as antagonist,thus marking a return to films after a seven year sabbatical.
Personal life.
On November 19, 2006, Manoj married his longtime girlfriend actress Nandhana, who has appeared in Tamil films as "ABCD" and "Success". Nandhana was his co-star in the film "Saadhuriyan". The marriage was held at Ashirwad Marriage Hall at Kozhikode, Kerala, homeplace of Nandhana, whilst a grand reception took place on December 1, 2006 at Mayor Ramanathan Chettiar Hall in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. The couple is having 2 daughters, Arthika and Mathivadani.

</doc>
<doc id="18798501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798501" title="Eko Yuli Irawan">
Eko Yuli Irawan

Eko Yuli Irawan (b. July 24, 1989) is a weightlifter from Indonesia.
At the 2006 Junior World Championships he won the silver medal in the 56 kg category, lifting 269 kg in total.
At the 2007 Junior World Championships he won the gold medal in the 56 kg category, lifting 273 kg in total.
He ranked 8th at the 2006 World Championships in the 56 kg category. At the 2007 World Championships he won the bronze medal in the 56 kg category, lifting 278 kg in total.
He won the gold medal in the 56 kg category at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games, as well as at the 2008 National Games.
At the 2008 Asian Championships he won the silver medal in the 62 kg category, lifting 305 kg in total.
Irawan won the bronze medal in the 56 kg category at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, lifting 288 kg in total.
He won the silver medal in the 62 kg category at the 2009 World Weightlifting Championships, with 315 kg in total. At the 2011 World Championships he won the bronze medal in the 62 kg category, lifting 310 kg in total.
He won the gold medal in the 62 kg category at the 2011 Summer Universiade lifting 310 kg in total.
Irawan won his second consecutive bronze medal in the Olympics, this time in the 62 kg category at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, lifting 317 kg in total.

</doc>
<doc id="18798509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798509" title="Leonardo Cortese">
Leonardo Cortese

Leonardo Cortese (24 May 1916 – 31 October 1984) was an Italian film actor and director. He appeared in 39 films between 1938 and 1962. He also directed eight films between 1952 and 1967. He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798510" title="Pierre Aquilina">
Pierre Aquilina

Pierre Aquilina (born 3 November 1977 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese First Division side Vittoriosa Stars, where he plays as a defender.
Playing career.
On 30 August 2008, Maltese First Division side Vittoriosa Stars announced the signing of Pierre Aquilina, the defender who had played his whole career for Pietà Hotspurs, since he made his debut during the 1996–97 season, signed a three-year contract with the Stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18798519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798519" title="Robert Joffe">
Robert Joffe

Robert D. Joffe (May 26, 1943 – January 28, 2010) was an American lawyer. One of the leading corporate lawyers in the United States, Joffe was a partner at prominent New York law firm Cravath, Swaine & Moore from 1975 until his death, and he was the firm's presiding partner from 1999 to 2006.
He handled Time Warner's purchase of Turner Broadcasting System in 1996 as well as the merger with AOL in 2001. In 2008, he represented Bank of America in the acquisition of Merrill Lynch.
He died on January 28, 2010, from pancreatic cancer, aged 66.

</doc>
<doc id="18798545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798545" title="Hits and Exit Wounds">
Hits and Exit Wounds

Hits and Exit Wounds is a retrospective album by Alabama 3, featuring several different versions of well known tracks taken from all of their albums.
and two previously unreleased tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18798551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798551" title="Salva Arco">
Salva Arco

José Salvador Arco Frías (born October 25, 1984 in Navàs) is a Spanish professional basketball player. He currently plays for La Bruixa d'Or of the Spanish Liga ACB.
Honours.
Plus Pujol Lleida

</doc>
<doc id="18798555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798555" title="TA3">
TA3

TA3 () can be:

</doc>
<doc id="18798558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798558" title="Heterandria">
Heterandria

Heterandria is a genus of livebearing fishes within the family Poeciliidae. Most species occur in Guatemala and its surroundings, particularly Mexico, but the midget livebearer ("H. formosa") comes from the southeastern United States.
Though many Poecilidae are familiar aquarium fishes, e.g. guppies, mollies, platys and swordtails, species within "Heterandria" are not commonly kept as fish. Somewhat more frequently found in aquaria is "H. formosa", perhaps because it is one of the smallest known fish species in the world; its diminutive males are probably the smallest fish easy to keep as a pet. Species in this genus resemble egg-laying Cyprinodontoidei such as Fundulidae (topminnows) at first glance, and are thus sometimes called "killifish" though this is technically erroneous.
Species.
There are currently 10 recognized species in this genus: There are probably more remaining undiscovered as these fishes are rather inconspicuous. However, it is not very likely that many species remain unknown to science as this is genus is only found in a rather restricted region, and only one new species has been discovered since 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18798562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798562" title="Front raise">
Front raise

The front raise is a weight training exercise. This exercise is an isolation exercise which isolates shoulder flexion. It primarily works the anterior deltoid, with assistance from the serratus anterior, biceps brachii and clavicular portions of the pectoralis major. The front raise is normally carried out in three to five sets during a shoulder workout. Repetitions depend on the a lifter's training program and goals. 
Form.
To execute the exercise, the lifter stands with their feet shoulder width apart and weights or resistance handles held by their side with a pronated (overhand) grip. 
The movement is to bring the arms up in front of the body to eye level and with only a slight bend in the elbow. This isolates the anterior deltoid muscle (front of the shoulder) and uses the anterior deltoid to lift the weight.
When lifting it is important to keep the body still so the anterior deltoid is fully utilised; if the weight cannot be lifted by standing still then it is too heavy and a lower weight is needed. It is important to keep a slight bend in the elbow when lifting as keeping the elbow locked will add stress to the elbow joint and could cause injury.
A neutral grip, similar to that used in the hammer curl, can also be used. With this variation the weight is again raised to eye level, but out to a 45 degree angle from the front of the body. This may be beneficial for those with shoulder injuries, particularly those related to the rotator cuff.

</doc>
<doc id="18798573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798573" title="Momodou Lamin Sedat Jobe">
Momodou Lamin Sedat Jobe

Momodou Lamin Sedat Jobe (born July 24, 1944) was the foreign minister of The Gambia from 1998 to 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18798591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798591" title="Fat necrosis">
Fat necrosis

Fat necrosis is a form of necrosis characterized by the action upon fat by digestive enzymes.
In fat necrosis the enzyme lipase releases fatty acids from triglycerides. The fatty acids then complex with calcium to form soaps. These soaps appear as white chalky deposits.
It is usually associated with trauma of the pancreas or acute pancreatitis.
It can also occur in the breast, the salivary glands [http://peir.path.uab.edu/iplab/messages/598/425.html] and neonates after a traumatic delivery.

</doc>
<doc id="18798597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798597" title="Forrest Taylor">
Forrest Taylor

Forrest Taylor (December 29, 1883 – February 19, 1965) was an American character actor whose artistic career spanned six different decades, from silents through talkies to the advent of color.
Career.
A native of Bloomington, Illinois, Taylor was a veteran of the stage by the time he started appearing as a silent lead in both short and feature-length films. Little is known about his early days on stage, but he essayed prime roles in the films "The Terror of Twin Mountains" (1915), "Sunset Country" (1915), "April" (1916), "True Nobility" (1916) and "The Abandonment" (1916), before joining the army during World War I. He would not return to films until 1926, appearing in "A Poor Girl's Romance".
During the 1930s, Taylor became entrenched as a supporting player in B-westerns and several cliffhanger serials, often playing either the "action" or "brains heavy" roles. As he grew older and grayer, Taylor migrated to nice guy roles, such as the father of the heroine, a lawman, or a scientist. Then, after the westerns and serials faded he migrated to television work. From 1952 through 1954, he costarred as Grandpa Fisher on the religious TV series "This is the Life". 
Extremely effective and versatile, Taylor is identified in about 400 films, including 325 sound era films and of those, 201 are westerns and 36 are chapterplays, according to the Internet Movie Database. As well, his credits at Republic Pictures number about 75 for the period 1937-1953 (most all of these are B-westerns and serials).
Taylor finally retired in 1963 after filming an episode of "Ripcord" and died two years later of natural causes in Garden Grove, California, at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="18798600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798600" title="Sergei Ogorodnikov">
Sergei Ogorodnikov

Sergei Ogorodnikov (born January 21, 1986 in Irkutsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian professional ice hockey center. He currently plays for Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg in the Kontinental Hockey League.
Ogorodnikov was primarily raised in various Moscow based hockey schools including HC Dynamo Moscow and HC CSKA Moscow. He was also a longtime member of Russia’s U20 and U18 national Team Russia squads. The New York Islanders drafted him 82nd overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. The young forward came over to North America during the summer of 2006. After spending the season in the minor leagues with ECHL’s Pensacola Ice Pilots and AHL’s Bridgeport Sound Tigers, he headed back to Russia, where he has played since.

</doc>
<doc id="18798605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798605" title="August Conradi">
August Conradi

August Conradi (27 June 182126 May 1873) was a German organist and composer. Born in Berlin, he was originally intended by his father to study theology. Instead, he was enrolled at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin. There he studied harmony and composition with Carl Friedrich Rungenhagen, director of the Berlin Singakademie. In 1843, he became a church organist of Invalidenhaus, Berlin, also writing his first symphony plus a "Zigeunerpolka" for orchestra the same year. The latter was arranged for piano by Hungarian pianist and composer Franz Liszt. Conradi held various conducting appointments; these included Stettin (1849), Berlin (1850), Düsseldorf (1852), and Cologne (1853), then Berlin again at such theaters as Kroll's, the Wallner-Theater and the Victoria-Theater.
Conradi probably met Liszt in the early 1840s. He served as Liszt's copyist in Weimar in January and February 1844, and he spent 18 months there in 1848 and 1849 at Liszt's instigation. Conradi prepared copies of the initial versions of Liszt's orchestral works, making suggestions on scoring. He also assisted Liszt in assembling a "Programme general" of all the repertory he had played during his virtuoso years. While Conradi was an extremely hard worker, he also possessed a somewhat routine mind. When he received his appointment as Kapellmeister in Stettin in the winter of 1849, his work at Weimar was taken over by the more imaginative Joachim Raff. Nevertheless, Liszt continued to use him as a copyist. In September, 1855 Liszt wrote of his intention to send the score of his "Psalm 13" to Berlin so that Conradi could make a fair copy for the first performance there.
The extent of Conradi's help with Liszt's early orchestration has been well documented by Liszt scholar Peter Raabe, who demonstrated that, whatever the position regarding initial drafts, the final versions were always Liszt's own.
Conradi wrote eight operas, a ballet, five symphonies, overtures, and string quartets as well as dance music, songs, vaudeville sketches, farces and potpourris (which were performed in garden concerts for many years).

</doc>
<doc id="18798609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798609" title="Werner Lämmerhirt">
Werner Lämmerhirt

Werner Lämmerhirt (17 March 1949) is a noted German singer-songwriter and guitarist in the contemporary folk music style. He writes and sings in both German and English. His recording career has spanned more than three decades.
Early life.
Lämmerhirt was born in Adlershof, East Berlin. Following the arrest of his father for alleged spying in 1957, his mother fled to West Berlin with Lämmerhirt and his two sisters. They eventually settled in Schlachtensee, Berlin. His father joined the family in West Berlin when Lämmerhirt was 12 years old, but he had become violent and drunken; Lämmerhirt believes this is why he has, since then, had a strong aversion to violence and injustice. This has influenced his songwriting. He had taken up the harmonica and bought his first guitar - a 12 string - when he was 16. Rock and blues clubs were springing up over Berlin in the mid-1960s and Werner picked up playing tips in these. In 1967 he dropped out of school and, accompanied by just his guitar and a sleeping bag, set out to travel around Scandinavia, England and the Netherlands. For 3 years he travelled around Europe, spending the winters back in Berlin, doing whatever work was available, to finance his next trip. His influences at this time were, to begin with, mainstream performers such as the Rolling Stones, Bob Dylan, and Donovan. Later, influences were legendary blues artists such as Big Bill Broonzy and Mississippi John Hurt. At the end of the 1960s, British-style folk clubs had become very popular in Berlin, and Lämmerhirt decided to return to the city where he would spend the day busking in S-bahn stations and the evening playing in folk clubs.
Early career.
During this time he met with Hannes Wader, who invited him to collaborate with him in making an album, "Ich hatte mir noch so viel vorgenommen". The success of this album led to Lämmerhirt accompanying Wader on tours - his first assignment as a professional musician. Werner collaborated with Wader on two further albums.
Solo career.
Lämmerhirt worked as a session musician at this time with artists such as Tom Paxton, Eddie and Finbar Furey and Alex Campbell.
In the winter of 1973-74, Lämmerhirt was approached with a proposal to record his first solo album on a new label, Stockfisch Records. This album, "Ten Thousand Miles," was successful and it lead to further and larger live performances. Lämmerhirt began to write his own songs at this time, and his second solo album was released in 1975.
Lämmerhirt continues to tour in Germany and released his most recent CD in 2007.
Songbooks.
Published by Acoustic Music Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18798615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798615" title="Archbishop of Santiago (Chile)">
Archbishop of Santiago (Chile)

The Archbishop of Santiago de Chile is a Roman Catholic title given to the archbishop of the church in the Diocese of Santiago de Chile. From 1561 to 1840 the title was a bishop but since 1840 with Manuel Vicuña Larraín it was elevated to archbishop status.

</doc>
<doc id="18798617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798617" title="Gildo Bocci">
Gildo Bocci

Gildo Bocci (1 September 1886 – 22 July 1964) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 60 films between 1913 and 1959.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798632" title="Murray Fife Buell">
Murray Fife Buell

Murray Fife Buell (October 5, 1905 – July 3, 1975) was an American ecologist and palynologist.
Personal life.
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Buell earned a B.S. at Cornell University in 1930. He then attended the University of Minnesota where he earned a M.A. in 1934 and a Ph.D. in 1935. After completing his Ph.D., Buell's studies with W.S. Cooper stimulated his interest in plant ecology.
During graduate school, Buell married Helen Foot (Ph. D., Algology, U. Minn.); the Buells raised two children. Helen was his field companion as well as his wife, and the two worked as a team in research and publication of several papers.
Buell began his professional career at North Carolina State University in 1935, where he started his research on paleoecology of bogs and plant succession.
From 1947 until his retirement in 1971, Buell taught at Rutgers University, where he became Professor of Botany and served as Director of the William Hutcheson Forest. As early as 1955, he and his students studied ecology in relation to land-use management and human impacts, especially in parklands.
In 1962, he served as President of the Ecological Society of America (ESA), and was given the Eminent Ecologist Award by the Society in 1970. The Murray F. Buell Award was established by ESA in 1977.
Buell died July 3, 1975, while on a field trip to the New Jersey Pine Barrens.
Bibliography.
The following books were written by Murray F. Buell:

</doc>
<doc id="18798633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798633" title="Grass Valley Public Library">
Grass Valley Public Library

The Grass Valley Public Library (renamed the Grass Valley Library-Royce Branch) is a Carnegie library and on the National Register of Historic Places. Located in Grass Valley, California and a part of the Nevada County Library System, it is open daily except on Sunday,
History.
There were several early attempts to establish a library in the California Gold Rush town of Grass Valley. The first was in 1860, followed by another in 1869, but neither survived. The Emmanuel Episcopal Church was established in Grass Valley in 1858, but it wasn't until 1901 that the non-denominational Emmanuel Church Library opened to provide library services to "the Atheist and the Buddhist if such there be".
A decade later, the city became the library's governing body. It requested a Carnegie grant in 1914 and received $15,000 the following year. The chosen building site, at 207 Mill Street, near the intersection of Mill and Neal Street, had been the birthplace and early home of philosopher Josiah Royce. 
In 2005, the library, now a branch of the county library system, was renamed to honor Royce.
Structure.
San Francisco architect William Sebastian Mooser was selected over William Weeks to design the new library. The builders were Welch Bros. and Hannemann from Oakland who also built the Gridley Carnegie Library.
The building is of Neoclassical architecture (also known as "classical revival" style). Its exterior includes red brick and white pilasters.

</doc>
<doc id="18798653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798653" title="Nikita Nikitin">
Nikita Nikitin

Nikita Aleksandrovich Nikitin (Russian: Никита Александрович Никитин) (born June 16, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League. Nikitin was born in Omsk, Russia.
Playing career.
Nikitin spent his junior career skating in the HC Avangard Omsk hockey system. The young defenseman was a regular on Russia’s U18 and U20 national squads. He spent several seasons skating in the professional Russian Super League with Avangard Omsk and established himself as a strong Super League caliber defenseman.
Nikitin was drafted by the St. Louis Blues with the 136th overall selection in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. On June 14, 2010, Nikitin was signed by the Blues to an entry-level NHL contract. He scored his first NHL goal on February 6, 2011 against Dan Ellis of the Tampa Bay Lightning. He was traded on November 10, 2011, to the Columbus Blue Jackets for defenseman Kris Russell.

</doc>
<doc id="18798664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798664" title="Nick Atkinson">
Nick Atkinson

Nick Atkinson is a British singer. He had a #57 hit with Gotta Catch 'Em All as part of 50.Grind and was the lead singer of rock band Rooster until their split in 2007. In 2008, he co-wrote Boyzone's single "Love You Anyway" with Ronan Keating. In 2010 he began working closely with up and coming singer/songwriter Gabrielle Aplin. She released her debut album English Rain on Parlophone Records in May 2013 and Atkinson has co-writing credits on 7 songs including singles "Please Don't Say You Love Me", "Panic Cord" and "Home". He works from his writing room The Barn in Hertfordshire and is continuing to write with up and coming talent, such as Saint Raymond, Lauren Aquilina, Tich, and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="18798670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798670" title="Andrea da Barberino">
Andrea da Barberino

Andrea Mangiabotti, called Andrea da Barberino ( 1370 – 1431) was an Italian writer and "cantastorie" ("storyteller") of the Quattrocento Renaissance. He was born in Barberino Val d'Elsa, near Florence and lived in Florence. He is principally known for his prose romance "Il Guerrin Meschino", his "I Reali di Francia" ("The Royal House of France"), a prose compilation (in the form of a chronicle) of the Matter of France romance material concerning Charlemagne and Roland ("Orlandino") from various legends and chansons de geste, and for his "Aspramonte", a reworking of the chanson de geste "Aspremont", which also features the hero Ruggiero. His works, which circulated at first in manuscript, were extremely successful and popular, and were a key source of material for later Italian romance writers, such as Luigi Pulci ("Morgante"), Matteo Maria Boiardo ("Orlando Innamorato") and Ludovico Ariosto ("Orlando Furioso").
Works.
Andrea da Barberino wrote the following works:

</doc>
<doc id="18798675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798675" title="Vironniemi">
Vironniemi

Vironniemi () is a district of Helsinki, Finland, forming the core part of the city centre, thus also the central location of the Finnish governmental and financial decision making, and the location of Helsinki's most important churches. Vironniemi is the location of the Presidential Palace, the Palace of the Finnish Council of State, the Senate Square, the Helsinki Cathedral, the Uspenski Cathedral and the main office of the Bank of Finland.
Other important sites in the district include the main building of the University of Helsinki, the Helsinki City Hall, the Helsinki Central railway station and the Helsinki main post office. Many banks and corporations have their headquarters in Vironniemi, and the Sokos and Stockmann department stores and Sanomatalo, the main office of "Helsingin Sanomat", Finland's largest newspaper, are also found there. A part of the core of Finland's cultural life is also found here: the National Library of Finland, the Finnish National Theatre, Ateneum and Kiasma. The Helsinki Music House is being constructed in the area.
History.
Originally, a narrow bay called Kluuvinlahti extended south of Töölönlahti, reaching the site of present-day Esplanadi. At that time, the name Vironniemi meant the area eastwards of the bay mentioned above.
The birth of the Helsinki centre today dates back to 1640. At that time, the city centre was moved to Vironniemi from its birthplace at the mouth of the Vantaa river, the location of the present-day district of Vanhakaupunki.
The city grew and developed. It can still be seen: Old buildings dating back to the 18th and 19th century form about a quarter of the buildings currently in the district. Still in the 1850s, construction of the city was mainly focused in the Vironniemi area and south of it.
When the Kluuvinlahti bay was gradually filled in the 19th century, the name Vironniemi was disused in all except historical contexts. Only in the 1980s the name was restored, as the name of the main district, when division of the city into main districts was established.
Districts and neighbouring districts of Vironniemi.
The main district of Vironniemi is divided into three individual districts: Kruununhaka, Kluuvi and Katajanokka.
Neighbouring districts include Kaartinkaupunki in the Ullanlinna main district to the south, Kamppi and Etu-Töölö in the Kampinmalmi main district to the west, Siltasaari across the Pitkäsilta bridge in the Kallio main district to the north, and Sörnäinen to the east of the aforementioned district across the more eastern Hakaniemi bridge.
Office and home to thousands.
Vironniemi is a very important employer (35,040 offices, as of 31 December 2003) and also the home of 11,242 Helsinkians (as of early 2005). Over 80% of the district's apartments have been built before 1960, and a little over 10% in the 1980s, when production of new apartments was being directed towards Katajanokka.
The education level of the inhabitants of the district is the highest of all main districts in the city - 36.4% of the inhabitants have a university degree. 10.6% of the district's inhabitants are native Swedish-speaking (as of 1 January 2005), which is clearly higher than the city average. The unemployment rate is very low and the income level is above average.
Traffic connections in the district are excellent. Vironniemi is the endpoint or transit point of many tram, bus, train and ferry routes. Two of the stations of the Helsinki metro - the Rautatientori metro station and the Kaisaniemi metro station are located in the area. Traffic routes - streets, the rail yard and the piers - have taken up about 45% of the land area of the core of the city centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18798687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798687" title="Alhaji Lamrana Bah">
Alhaji Lamrana Bah

Alhaji Lamrana Bah was a successful Sierra Leonean businessman from the Fula ethnic group and one of the country's richest people. He owned several local shops in Freetown and many other parts of Sierra Leone.
Death.
Alhaji Lamrana Bah, was shot and killed by armed men on board his Mercedes Benz on February 16, 2008 in an apparent car-jacking along the Old Main Motor Road at Cola Tree, Allen Town in the East-End of Freetown. All shops and businesses owned by the Fula community in Freetown were closed for several days in protest of the Freetown Police failure to bring down crime in the city.

</doc>
<doc id="18798693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798693" title="Yolanda Andrade">
Yolanda Andrade

Yolanda Andrade is a Mexican celebrity born in Culiacán, Sinaloa. Her career started at the telenovela "Yo no creo en los hombres" (1991), along with Gabriela Roel and Alfredo Adame, which allowed her to work in bigger productions such as "Las secretas intenciones" (1992) with Cristian Castro.
Biography.
After completing high school in Culiacan, Sinaloa, Andrade moved to Mexico City started acting studies at CEA (Centro de Educación Artística) in Televisa for 3 years. Upon completion of her acting studies, she obtained her first role in a soap opera Yo no creo en los hombres. Her next role was as Larissa in Las Secretas Intenciones acting next to Cristian Castro, for which she obtained a TVyNovelas award as best young actress.
She then continued towards other soap operas until she obtained a leading role. Her first starring role was in "Buscando el Paraíso" (1993) with Karla Alvares and Alex Ibarra, then "Retrato de Familia" (1995); "Sentimientos Ajenos" (1996) with Carlos Ponce and Chantal Andere, "Los Hijos de Nadie" (1997) with Silvia Derbez and Ramón Abascal. On that same year she also participated in the Mexican movie "¿Quién Diablos es Juliette?".
Along her career, "Joe" -as her friends know her- earned the simpathy of the public and also the media, which gave her with various awards as best actriz.
On March 1, 2000, Yolanda hosted the TV show "Hijas de la Madre Tierra" with her friend Montserrat Oliver. The show was very successful and they even did a special transmission from the 2000 Olympics in Sydney, Australia
Like many other Mexican celebrities, in 2003 she entered Big Brother VIP where she won second place after the winner Omar Chaparro.

</doc>
<doc id="18798704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798704" title="El Cap de Barcelona">
El Cap de Barcelona

El Cap de Barcelona (1991–1992) is a surrealist sculpture created by American Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein for the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Its English title is "The Head".
The sculpture was Lichtenstein's first outdoor work using ceramic tile. It is said to acknowledge Antoni Gaudí and Barcelona's affinity for mosaics.
"The Head of Barcelona", or "El Cap de Barcelona" in Catalan, is a 64-foot sculpture done by American Pop artist Roy Lichtenstein for the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
 
Although it is very abstract, it is clear that the sculpture was made to resemble the head and face of a woman. It is made up of thick pieces of concrete completely covered in red, yellow, blue, black and white mosaic tiles, and from far away it looks like it could be a painting. The woman's eyes look like thick blue and black brush strokes; same with her nose, and her lips look like Lichtenstein could have used a quick stroke of bright red paint. The left third of her face, the side with the blue nose and eye, is covered with white tiles, while the right two thirds of her face is covered in a grid of red dots, typical of Lichtenstein's pop-art style. Lichtenstein added other artistic elements to this sculpture as well. Below her head, what would probably be considered the woman's neck, is a tall, flat stroke of blue and white that extends all the way up through her face and ends a few inches above her head. Perpendicular to the blue and white stroke is a stroke of yellow and black, beginning at the bottom and then reappearing at the top of her head.
Similar to his sculptures from the early eighties, specifically his "Brushstrokes" pieces, the entire sculpture looks like it could have been painted with a few quick strokes of paint. The difference between these earlier pieces and "The Head of Barcelona" is that his "Brushstrokes" pieces are created with painted aluminum while "The Head" is his only piece made out of concrete and covered in mosaic tiles. The reason for this difference in his sculptures is because "The Head of Barcelona" was built to resemble the style of Antonio Gaudi, a Spanish architect who is famous for employing organic lines and mosaic tiles throughout his architecture, and for which Barcelona is known.
Roy Lichtenstein, born in New York City in 1923, seemed to have been born with a vision for art. Since he was a little boy, he showed a passion for science and comic books, and by the time he was 16 he started taking painting classes. Raised in Manhattan's Upper West Side, Lichtenstein attended Parsons School of Design while he was in his teens, as well as taking additional classes taught by Reginald Marsh, a notable American painter, at the Art Students League. Roy Lichtenstein went on serve in the military for three years in 1943, take art classes earning his masters degree at the Ohio State University, and teach art at Ohio State for six years. Eventually Lichtenstein moved to New Jersey and taught art at Rutgers University while exhibiting some of his work in New York City during the 1950s.
Lichtenstein's work from the early 1950s is a far stretch from the pop-art he is best known for. An example of Lichtenstein's work from 1951 is "Washington Crossing the Delaware I". This painting is very abstract and demonstrates influences from Pablo Picasso, an artist who Lichtenstein had long admired for his "grasp of artistic invention and formal relationships." Roy Lichtenstein went on to get married and have two children by 1956, and his first two Abstract Expressionist paintings were done in 1957 for each his children
. He "used commercial subject matter, of Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck from that point, the artist began to develop the subject matter further by using words and thought bubbles to create emotional context and sound effects." An example of Lichtenstein's use of words to create context in his pieces is his painting called "Whaam!". These thought bubble techniques are tools of comics, there is no doubt that his use of these techniques was inspired by the passion he held for comic books as a child. Roy Lichtenstein recently passed away in 1997, but his influence on American pop art is beyond question. He is held in high regard along with many familiar names such as Andy Warhol, Richard Hamilton, and Rob Rauschenberg, and will continue to inspire artists .
References.
Braff, Phyllis. "Lichtenstein Sculpture: Full View." New York Times (Aug 16, 1992): 1-2.
Carroll, Colleen. "About the artist, Roy Lichtenstein." Arts & Activities 151, no. 1(Feb. 2012): 24.
The Roy Lichtenstein Foundation, "Barcelona Head," accessed June 4, 2013, lichtensteinfoundation.org.
The Roy Lichtenstein Foundation, "Roy Lichtenstein Chronology: the 1950's," accessed June 4, 2013, lichtensteinfoundation.org.
"Lichtenstein Unveils a New Sculpture in Barcelona." New York Times (Jul 08, 1992). http://search.proquest.com/docview/428605067?accountid=4840.

</doc>
<doc id="18798709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798709" title="TA3 (1991–92)">
TA3 (1991–92)

TA3 was a TV channel broadcast on the 3rd broadcasting circuit in the Slovak Republic from 6 July 1991 to 30 September 1992. The channel was created in order to replace the federal channel OK 3 and started to broadcast on the same frequencies. Its programming consisted mostly of retransmission of foreign news channels and alternative programming.

</doc>
<doc id="18798714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798714" title="Aldo Silvani">
Aldo Silvani

Aldo Silvani (21 January 1891 – 12 November 1964) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 112 films between 1934 and 1964.
He was born in Turin, Italy and died in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798741" title="Nanokaichi Domain">
Nanokaichi Domain

The was a Japanese feudal domain of the Edo period, located in Kōzuke Province (in the modern-day city of Tomioka, Gunma Prefecture). 
In the han system, Nanokaichi was a political and economic abstraction based on periodic cadastral surveys and projected agricultural yields. In other words, the domain was defined in terms of "kokudaka", not land area. This was different from the feudalism of the West.
History.
The domain had its headquarters in a "jin'ya" rather than a castle. Parts still stand on the original site (now a high school) and some other structures have been moved. Nanokaichi was ruled by a branch of the Maeda clan of Kaga.

</doc>
<doc id="18798767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798767" title="Ditmar Bicaj">
Ditmar Bicaj

Ditmar Bicaj (born 26 February 1989 in Tirana) is an Albanian football player who currently plays for Skenderbeu in the Albanian Superliga and Albania national under-21 football team. His natural position is centre back.
Career.
Bicaj started his career in with his home town club, Dinamo Tirana at a very young age. After some impressive displays in the Albanian Superliga he attracted the attention of foreign clubs, one of those clubs was Belasitsa Petrich in Bulgaria. Bicaj signed a three-year deal with the Bulgarian club in the summer of 2008. The contract should have kept the Albanian at the Tsar Samuil Stadium until 2011. After the club was relegated he moved back to Albania at the champions of the country KF Tirana. In July 2010 he signed for KS Skenderbeu Korce.

</doc>
<doc id="18798775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798775" title="Damon Ferrante">
Damon Ferrante

Damon Ferrante is an American composer whose works have been performed in concert halls and performance venues throughout North America, most notably, Carnegie Hall, Symphony Space, Guild Hall, and Theatre Project. 
His opera, "Jefferson & Poe", (with librettist Daniel Mark Epstein), received its premiere in 2005 at Symphony Space in Manhattan. His song cycle, "The Mountain & Tidewater Songs" (also on texts by Epstein), has been performed throughout the United States (including Carnegie Hall) since 2006.
Critical Reaction.
Tim Smith of the "Baltimore Sun" calls Ferrante's music "focused and colorful...with an unexpected, decidedly poetic touch".
Geoffrey Himes of "Baltimore City Paper" states, "If the tune has the elegance of traditional opera, the harmonization is very modern as the vocal lines climb and descend the melodic staircases that Ferrante has constructed for them".
Anne Midgette, writing in the "New York Times" on Friday, December 2, 2005, cited Ferrante's opera "Jefferson and Poe" as one the three operas to see in New York in early December; the two other operas listed were productions of "La bohème" and "Carmen" at the Metropolitan Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="18798780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798780" title="Gefen">
Gefen

Gefen (, lit. "Grapevine") is a moshav in central Israel. Located between Beit Shemesh and Kiryat Malakhi, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 309.
The village was established in 1955 by immigrants from Morocco. It is named after Psalm 80:15: "God Almighty, look down from heaven and see; watch over this grapevine."

</doc>
<doc id="18798800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798800" title="Bilanga">
Bilanga

Bilanga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,470 and is the capital of Bilanga Department.

</doc>
<doc id="18798802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798802" title="Roldano Lupi">
Roldano Lupi

Roldano Lupi (8 February 1909 – 13 August 1989) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 60 films between 1942 and 1967.
He was born in Milan, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798804" title="Bardwell-Ferrant House">
Bardwell-Ferrant House

The Bardwell-Ferrant House is a house in the Phillips West neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was built in 1883 at 1800 Park Avenue for its first owner, Charles Bardwell, and its original plan was in the Queen Anne style. In 1890, its second owner, Emil Ferrant, had the house remodeled in the Moorish Revival style that was popular at the time. Norwegian-born architect Carl Struck added two onion domed towers, a wraparound porch with spindlework columns, ogee arches, and deep-toned stained glass windows. The house was later moved to its present location at 2500 Portland Ave. S. in 1898 to make way for a bank building.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was nominated based on it being a locally significant example of the late 19th-century interest in exotic revival architecture. Architect Carl Struck was the only Norwegian-born architect who practiced this style in Minneapolis. Struck was also responsible for designing Dania Hall in 1885, which was listed on the National Register in 1974 but destroyed by fire in 2000. There were few buildings originally built in the Moorish Revival style; the usual practice was to apply these forms to structures built in simpler styles. The Bardwell-Ferrant house is an unusually picturesque representative of this practice, making it locally significant.
In 1986, partners Mary Lou Maxwell and Jean Steward bought the house and renovated it, subdividing it into four apartments. At the time, the house was structurally sound, but significant mechanical work was required, including new heating, electrical, and plumbing systems. Thieves had also stolen some of the stained glass windows and tile from the fireplace mantels. After the renovation, three of the four apartments had two stories, and all were outfitted with new appliances. Much of the siding on the exterior was replaced, and it was repainted in a mauve color (the Victorian term for this color was "ashes of roses"). The trim was painted in a cream color, and the pressed metal trim on the towers was painted with other colors to complement the stained glass windows.
As of August 2008, the home is for sale. A local real estate agent reported that the house has suffered significant vandalism inside. A newel post and a porch rail were broken, and several of the stained glass windows were either cracked, pried out, or partially missing. Three of the four fireplace mantels had been pried away from the walls. Some of the copper pipe and wiring has also been removed. The real estate agent reports that the house is salvageable, but that it will take significant restoration work.

</doc>
<doc id="18798811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798811" title="Balamanou">
Balamanou

Balamanou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 390.

</doc>
<doc id="18798822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798822" title="Banga, Burkina Faso">
Banga, Burkina Faso

Banga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province, Burkina Faso. The town is located in the east of the country and has a population of 1,485.

</doc>
<doc id="18798826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798826" title="George Kenneth Mallory">
George Kenneth Mallory

George Kenneth Mallory (1900–1986) was an American pathologist chiefly remembered for describing the Mallory–Weiss tear.
He was born in Boston, Massachusetts on 14 February 1900, the son of Frank Burr Mallory. He received his medical degree from Harvard Medical School in 1926, and subsequently worked at the Mallory Institute of Pathology (founded by, and named after, his father) at Boston City Hospital throughout his career, becoming Director in 1951. He lectured at both Harvard Medical School and Boston Medical School. He was appointed professor at Boston Medical School in 1948, and became emeritus professor in 1966. His primary interest was in diseases of the liver and kidneys.
In 1929 Mallory and Soma Weiss, a physician at Harvard, described 15 cases of severe, painless hemorrhage caused by a tear in the mucosa of the esophagus or gastroesophageal junction preceded by vomiting in alcoholic patients. They described a further 6 cases in 1932. This syndrome has become known as Mallory–Weiss syndrome.

</doc>
<doc id="18798829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798829" title="Bartiboagou">
Bartiboagou

Bartiboagou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 103.

</doc>
<doc id="18798831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798831" title="Sycamore Meadows">
Sycamore Meadows

Sycamore Meadows is the fourth full-length album by Butch Walker. It was released in the United States on November 11, 2008. Walker wrote three tracks ("Ships in a Bottle", "Vessels", and "The 3 Kids In Brooklyn") prior to the Malibu house fires that took his home in November 2007. These tracks were made available on Walker's Myspace site in demo form in late 2007. Butch stated in an interview with InklingsTV that "fires made feel like [he had something to prove, something that needed to say". The physical packaging of the album is, according to Walker, very 'bare-bones', because he wanted it to be 'all about what's on the disc'. The album was acclaimed by music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100, Sycamore Meadows currently holds a rating of 81/100, indicating universal acclaim.
Butch released an online-only video for the first single "Ships in a Bottle" through his Myspace website on September 15, 2008. The music video for the second single "The Weight of Her" premiered on Amazon.com on November 24, 2008. 
A special 180-gram vinyl-edition release of Sycamore Meadows was made available for the 2008 holiday season. 

</doc>
<doc id="18798833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798833" title="Frank Burr Mallory">
Frank Burr Mallory

Frank Burr Mallory (1862-1941) was an American pathologist at the Boston City Hospital and Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School, after whom the Mallory body is named.
The Pathology Department at Boston City Hospital, the Mallory Institute of Pathology, was named after him.
Early life and career.
He was born in Cleveland, Ohio on 12 November 1862 to George Burr and Anne (Faragher) Mallory, and received his medical degree in 1890 from Harvard Medical School. He became an assistant pathologist at Boston City Hospital in 1891, working under William Thomas Councilman. 
He married Persis McClain Tracy of Chautauqua, New York in 1893.
In 1893 he traveled to Europe to train under Hans Chiari in Prague and Ernst Ziegler in Freiburg. 
After returning to Harvard, he became an Assistant Professor in 1896, and Associate Professor of Pathology in 1901. He became Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School from 1928 to 1932.
His contributions in the field of pathology included improving techniques and standardisation of tissue staining; his book, written with James Homer Wright, was the standard textbook in this field. He also studied the function of histiocytes, he confirmed that the whooping cough bacillus discovered by Jules Bordet was the causative agent, and he worked on improvements in classification of tumours, particularly meningiomas, and cirrhosis of the liver. 
He was president of the American Association of Pathologists and Bacteriologists in 1910, and was its treasurer from 1911 to 1940. He was the editor of the Journal of Medical Research from 1923, and then founding editor of the American Journal of Pathology from 1925 to 1940.
Honors and awards.
Mallory received honorary degrees from Tufts University (Sc.D., 1928) and Boston University (Sc.D., 1932), and was awarded the Kober medal in 1935 by the Association of American Physicians for outstanding service in pathology.
Legacy.
He died in Boston on September 27, 1941, at the age of 78.
He had two sons, both of whom were medical doctors. Tracy B. Mallory, was Chief of Pathology at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston, succeeding James Homer Wright in 1926, and president of the American Association of Pathologists and Bacteriologists in 1951. His other son, George Kenneth Mallory, became Professor of Pathology at Boston City Hospital in 1948, and the Mallory-Weiss syndrome is named after him. 

</doc>
<doc id="18798836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798836" title="Alexander Mikhailishin">
Alexander Mikhailishin

Alexander Mikhailishin was born in Moscow, Russia and spent most of his junior career skating in HC Spartak’s hockey system. The young defenseman had a couple of stints with the Russian national team, but never earned a consistent spot on the squad. The young prospect was largely drafted by the New Jersey Devils with the 155th selection in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft due to his immense size, but it appears that the defensive prospect has not justified the club’s hopes, splitting his time between Russia’s second and third tier leagues, never even cracking the Russian Super League since being drafted.

</doc>
<doc id="18798838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798838" title="Benhourgou">
Benhourgou

Benhourgou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 879.

</doc>
<doc id="18798841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798841" title="Franklyn">
Franklyn

Franklyn is a 2008 British film written and directed by Gerald McMorrow as his debut feature. Produced by Jeremy Thomas, it stars Ryan Phillippe, Eva Green and Sam Riley. Shooting took place in London in the fourth quarter of 2007. "Franklyn" held its world premiere at the 52nd London Film Festival on 16 October 2008. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 27 February 2009.
Plot.
Split between the parallel realities of contemporary London and the otherworldly metropolis of Meanwhile City, "Franklyn" follows the tales of four characters. Jonathan Preest (Ryan Phillippe) is a masked vigilante who will not rest until he finds his individual. Emilia (Eva Green) is a troubled young art student whose rebellion may turn out to be deadly. Milo (Sam Riley) is a heartbroken twenty something yearning for the purity of first love. Peter (Bernard Hill) is a man steeped in religion, searching desperately for his missing son amongst London's homeless. 
Beginning in Meanwhile City, the film moves into contemporary London as the characters' storylines intertwine for a fateful finale.
Production.
Writer-director Gerald McMorrow wrote the original science fiction script "Franklyn" as his feature debut. It depicts a similar dystopia to his 2002 short "Thespian X". In October 2006, actor Ewan McGregor was cast as the lead in the film, which was slated to begin production in summer 2007. However, McGregor broke his leg in a biking accident in February 2007 during the second series of "Long Way Round" and was forced to leave the project. Actors Ryan Phillippe, Eva Green, and newcomer Sam Riley were cast in "Franklyn" in September 2007. Phillippe was the last to be cast in what McMorrow termed a 'now or never' situation, saying of their first meeting: "You have preconceptions about people... You expect the bleach-blond Californian kid and what you got was an incredibly erudite, brought-up-the-wrong-side-of-the-tracks Philadelphia actor. When I met him we did not stop talking all afternoon."
McMorrow's visual inspiration for Meanwhile City came from the religious iconography he saw in Mexico City shopping malls.
He later explained: "The idea was that if you're going to have a capital city based on religion, you've got somewhere like Florence or Rome and send somewhere like that three miles into the sky... Part of Preest's delirium and fantasies are based on the religion surrounding him and comics he read and films he saw. He sort of pieces together a jigsaw of his own delusions."
Preest's mask was primarily influenced by Claude Rains' film of H.G Wells' novel "The Invisible Man". Preest also bears a resemblance to the character Rorschach in "Watchmen", not only in terms of clothing but in terms of character.
"Franklyn" had a budget of £6 million, of which £1 million was provided by the UK Film Council through its Premiere Fund. Production began on 24 September 2007 in and around London, and was completed by December 2007. Major locations included an East End bar and Greenwich Naval College, where many of the CGI sequences were shot. McMorrow described his approach, "I used an atypical and off-kilter background, and told a story that wouldn't normally be told. The film was set around some tricky locations but we managed to shoot it." The film entered post-production by April 2008.
Reception.
Rights to "Franklyn" were purchased from sales and financier HanWay Films by Contender Films for the UK, and Seville Pictures for Canada, with both distributors operating under their parent company Entertainment One. "Franklyn" premiered at the 52nd London Film Festival on 16 October 2008. The film was released theatrically in the United Kingdom on 27 February 2009.
Dave Calhoun of "Time Out" opined: "Produced by British industry veteran Jeremy Thomas, McMorrow’s admirable if not entirely coherent debut follows the lives of four people in and around London who are attempting to cope with various crises in their lives, from a relationship break-up and the search for a missing son to the psychological after-effects of military service. The film treads a fine line between realism and fantasy, occasionally dipping out of the world as we know it to visit a seductively strange vision of the capital that appears part-futuristic and part-medieval (and which gives the film its name). Riley follows Control by leaning heavily on middle-distance stares and up-turned collars, while Green is a troubled art student with a good line in haute couture, and Philippe is a troubled ex-soldier. The main problem is that by the time this tricksy film finally plays its hand, many viewers may already have been lost at the wayside."
Derek Elley of "Variety" thought the premise better suited to a novella rather than a feature film, believing that "Franklyn" lacked an emotional payoff. Elley criticized the script for not developing the ideas it introduced and for lacking background on the characters. The critic also considered Phillippe and Riley to be poor casting in their roles, while Green could not present her dual roles dramatically. Jason Solomons of "The Observer" reviewed the film, "The visual style is impressive but the storylines are thin and the characters all extremely irritating." Fionnuala Halligan of "Screen International" weighed in: "It's unusual in the current film-making climate to see an independent director making such an ambitious debut as Gerald McMorrow's "Franklyn". He aims high, visually and conceptually, but a more experienced director would have trouble finding the right tone to pull this intricate plot off. Notices should be at least encouraging: McMorrow has pulled off a very handsome look on a limited budget."

</doc>
<doc id="18798845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798845" title="Bilamperga">
Bilamperga

Bilamperga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,553.

</doc>
<doc id="18798852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798852" title="Snaring River">
Snaring River

The Snaring River is a medium-sized river in the Canadian Rockies. It runs through parts of Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada. The Snaring River is a significant tributary of the Athabasca River. The Snaring is named after a former local tribe of first nations people who lived in dugouts and trapped animals with snares.
Course.
The Snaring River rises in the northwestern section of Jasper National Park, near the British Columbia border. It flows east-southeast before joining the Athabasca River. The Snaring is fed by meltwater of numerous peaks, including Mount McCord, Mount Beaupre, Mount Knight, Mount Rutherford, and Snaring Mountain. The small Harvey Lake also drains into the Snaring. A campground run by Parks Canada is located on the Snaring near the Yellowhead Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18798853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798853" title="Bilamperga-Peulh">
Bilamperga-Peulh

Bilamperga-Peulh is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 354.

</doc>
<doc id="18798860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798860" title="Mahito Ōba">
Mahito Ōba

He is most known for the roles of Announcer Yoshigai in "Ultimate Muscle" ("Kinnikuman Nisei"), the narrator and Smoker (2nd voice) in "One Piece", and Wolf O'Donnell in "" and "Super Smash Bros. Brawl".

</doc>
<doc id="18798863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798863" title="Bilanga-Peulh">
Bilanga-Peulh

Bilanga-Peulh is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 131.

</doc>
<doc id="18798872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798872" title="Orang Seletar language">
Orang Seletar language

Orang Seletar (Slitar) is a language of sea nomads of the south coast of the Malay Peninsula. It is very close to Malay, and may be counted as a dialect of that language. The speaking population is unknown, but is likely in the range of a few thousand.

</doc>
<doc id="18798873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798873" title="Little Wild One">
Little Wild One

Little Wild One is the sixth studio album by Joan Osborne released under Saguaro Road Records on September 9, 2008. On this album she was assisted again by producers/writers Rob Hyman, Eric Bazilian, and Rick Chertoff who also worked with her on her breakthrough album "Relish". The album was recorded at Elm Street Studios and Red Door Recording.
The first single was "Sweeter Than The Rest".
Osborne toured to support her newest album, beginning on September 25 at the Music Hall in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="18798875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798875" title="Bilanga-Yanga">
Bilanga-Yanga

Bilanga-Yanga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,059.

</doc>
<doc id="18798884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798884" title="The Slow Norris">
The Slow Norris

The Slow Norris is a British children's television programme that aired on CITV from 4 September 1995 to 16 September 1999. The programme portrayed moral tales and fables through various anthropomorphized creatures.
There was also a version produced for Andy Croft by Hollywood Ventures which ran on the educational channel, PBS in the fall 0f 1997.
"The Slow Norris" returned on Mini CITV on 20 February 2012.
Episodes.
Episodes include one where Allie shows The Slow Norris a story of someone baking a cake, in her magic book. In another, The Slow Norris is putting off tidying the cave where he lives. Allie shows him a story involving a fairy whose house has a leak due to a hole in the roof. The fairy's friend, a frog is supposed to fix the roof, however doesn't. The pair go out on a train journey to have a picnic with the fairy's gran; the frog is desperate for the toilet whilst on the train. They return home to find it has rained and the fairy's house is now flooded. This persuades The Slow Norris to tidy his cave. In one episode, Walter the Worm loses his tail cosy, only to find later on that The Slow Norris has it.

</doc>
<doc id="18798887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798887" title="The Family That Preys">
The Family That Preys

The Family That Preys is a 2008 American movie drama written, produced, and directed by Tyler Perry. The screenplay focuses on two families, one wealthy and the other working class, whose lives are intertwined in both love and business.
The movie is the second of four in which Perry's signature character, Madea, does not make an appearance. It is also the second Perry-directed film (alongside "Daddy's Little Girls") that is not based on any of the filmmaker's stage plays.
Plot.
In a prologue, socialite Charlotte Cartwright (Kathy Bates) hosts the wedding of her best friend Alice Evans' (Alfre Woodard) daughter Andrea (Sanaa Lathan), who is marrying ambitious construction worker Chris Bennett (Rockmond Dunbar). The couple is congratulated by Charlotte's son William (Cole Hauser) and his wife Jillian (KaDee Strickland), who deprived Charlotte of planning an elaborate reception for them by eloping. William suggests the newlyweds contact him for employment with the Cartwright family's highly successful Atlanta construction company after they return from their honeymoon.
Four years later, Ben (Tyler Perry), is married to Andrea's sister Pam (Taraji P. Henson). Pam looks after Andrea's three-year-old son for extra income while working at her mother's diner. It troubles her that Andrea doesn't do more to help their mother financially when her designer clothes and new Mercedes make it clear she is prospering. What Pam doesn't realize is her sister is involved in an extramarital affair with William and enjoying all the perks that come with the relationship.
Chris has dreams of opening his own construction firm with Ben, but Andrea - who clearly now thinks she's better than her husband because of her success - ridicules him and his aspirations. He and Ben apply for a loan at the bank and are declined, but he accidentally discovers his wife has deposited nearly $300,000 in a secret account. When Andrea returns home late one night to find Chris sorting through financial records she had hidden, she claims the money is an accumulation of bonuses she received from William and insists she has the right to keep some things private from her spouse. Telling him he never will be as charming and successful as William, she refuses to finance his dream. 
William is determined to wrest control of the company from Charlotte, and is certain the $500 million deal he recently has closed will prove he's capable of running the firm. Instead, his mother hires Abby Dexter (Robin Givens) as COO. She determines the company will have to front $25 million to make William's new deal viable, and the only way to raise the money is for Charlotte to sell 10% of her shares, thus leaving her with a minority vote. William reminds Abby his vote combined with his mother's will give the Cartwrights continued control, and she advises Charlotte to sell her shares.
Charlotte suggests she and Alice take a road trip in the vintage turquoise Cadillac convertible she has purchased. Alice initially declines but eventually agrees, and the two women head west, following neither a set route nor timetable. Rambunctiously adventurous Charlotte introduces Alice to honky tonks and strip clubs with male dancers, while religiously strait-laced Alice reciprocates by bringing Charlotte to a communal baptism so her soul can be saved. Late one night, when Charlotte becomes unduly stressed while trying to deal with her digital camera, she reveals she has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease and has been told there is nothing that can be done to slow the process of her mental decline.
Meanwhile both Jillian and Abby become aware of Andrea and William's affair. Although Jillian makes a flippant remark to Chris that Andrea is with her husband, he is oblivious. William then fires both Chris and Ben after being approached for investment money to start a separate construction business on their own. Abby then fires Andrea, who has been told by Jillian to stay away from her husband William.
Charlotte and Alice return to Atlanta, where Andrea confronts and gets mad at Chris for depositing her $300,000 into a business account, the majority of which has already been distributed. She says that he is tired of him and that he and Ben will never be like William. Ben remarks that nobody is trying to be like him and that she can't see that because of the affair. Chris pulls Andrea aside and she tells him the money came from William and that he is her man. Chris, furious, slaps Andrea and she falls over the counter. He arguably says that she thinks that he was crazy. She says keep the money and throws some money in his face and says to get some boxes and get his stuff. Chris couldn't believe that after 5 years they have been married, she would talk to him like that. He wonders about their son and Andrea says that William is the father. 
Meanwhile, William is plotting a takeover of the family firm. Although she and her mother-in-law never have been close, Jillian warns Charlotte about her son's plan. Charlotte then calls a board meeting and fires William from the company, telling him she has the support of the Calvary Company; until now a silent investor that turns out to be Alice, who for years has been given financial guidance by Nick Blanchett (Sebastian Siegel), a homeless man she frequently fed and cared for at her diner. 
Nick's story behind his homelessness is explained earlier by Alice to her daughter Pam while at the diner. Alice explains to her that Nick had at one point been a frequent customer of Alice's who would leave her "big tips" and loved her coffee. One day Nick lost his job and not long afterward, his wife died and Nick then lost custody of his children. In an assumed severe untreated depression, Nick now lived "wherever". Nick still came into the diner on a regular basis and would repay Alice for her kindness by giving her secretly solid financial investment advice. It is later revealed that the job Nick lost had been working for William, who fired Nick without cause. William's downfall allows Nick to find some comfort as well as satisfaction/vindication.
In the parking lot, William is approached by Andrea who, unaware of the recent turn of events, expects him to back her in her battle with Abby and leave Jillian to marry her. Instead, he tells her their affair is over and drives away, despite her claim that her son is his. Alice later receives a call from Charlotte, when she tells her that she is dying of a deadly combination of pills, which causes Alice to have an emotional breakdown as she questions "are you living or existing?" Alice makes a eulogy at her funeral, which becomes a song as the movie ends with Chris leaving Andrea and Andrea moves into a small apartment with their son, whose paternity is left unresolved, Chris gives her some money then leaves her at the doorstep. However, Chris is now successful and wealthier while Andrea is poor in an ironic twist. Chris and Ben open their own firm, Nick is wealthy and buys a house of his own, and Alice decides to sell the diner. Getting into the car Charlotte left her, she resolves to stop procrastinating and enjoy life while she can and, with a photo of the two friends taped to the dashboard, she heads north.
Critical reception.
Rotten Tomatoes reported 51% of critics gave the film positive notices, based on 37 reviews, while Metacritic gave it a 49/100 approval rating, based on 14 reviews.
Stephen Holden of the "New York Times" said, "The suds that cascade through film more than equal the cubic footage from nighttime soaps like "Dallas", "Dynasty" and their offspring. As the movie proceeds, the flow quickens into a surging flood tide of recriminations and reversals in which blows are exchanged, claws bared and tears shed . . . "The Family That Preys" doesn’t worry about how it gets from A to Z. There is no problem that a miraculous (and preposterous) plot development can’t resolve in two minutes."
The "New York Daily News" rated the film three out of five stars and commented, "Perry's notoriously overstuffed plots have sometimes been top-heavy, but this movie, like Woody Allen's "Hannah and Her Sisters", hangs on an elegant structure that doesn't feel forced. Perry's skills as a director have improved as his casts have gotten better, and he gives the lovely Woodard one of her most satisfying roles . . . By melding the pleasures of 1950s-style melodrama . . . with equal-gender, African-American-aimed plots, Perry has found success in a niche only he now occupies. And by adding Christian tenets and modern issues . . . Perry shows he knows what his audience wants. First and foremost, that's a smart, satisfying movie experience, which "Family" is."
Claudia Puig of "USA Today" said the best thing about the film "is the opportunity it affords to watch a pair of veteran actresses still at the top of their game. Alfre Woodard and Kathy Bates play best pals in this soap opera-style story, and the moments each are on-screen are undeniably the movie's best. One senses a rapport and chemistry between the women that transcends the formulaic plot."
Stephen Farber of "The Hollywood Reporter" observed, "Although this interracial "Dynasty" isn't always believable - it's a stretch to accept the lifelong friendship of the two matriarchs as well as the last-minute business coup that they engineer - there's plenty of action to keep us engrossed. Perry wears his religious faith lightly . . . and is shrewd enough to balance piety with raucous humor and lots of sinful shenanigans. Perry's filmmaking skills have improved to the level of competence, and he has assembled a dream cast."
Roger Moore of the "Orlando Sentinel" rated the film two out of five stars and called it Tyler Perry's "most cinematically polished production to date" but also "yet another example of how the mini-mogul from Atlanta is his own worst enemy, raiding his cupboard of his popular but pandering stage plays and not bothering to script doctor them for the screen. As sophisticated as the filmmaking becomes, Perry's scripts are still painfully unsophisticated grab-bags of melodramatic cliches, tired jokes and sermonizing."
Peter Debruge of "Variety" said the film "recycles familiar ingredients according to his own unique formula, serving up a lip-smacking, finger-snapping sudser" and added, "Perry has a tendency to overload his features, and "The Family That Preys" is no exception, reflecting the helmer's view that the emotional roller-coaster of life can whip its passengers from outrage to exhilaration, from belly laughs to tears in an instant, making for an exhausting yet cathartic overall experience. The result seems ideal for who don't see too many movies, cramming enough into one film to satisfy them until the next Perry pic comes out."
Monika Fabian of "Time Out New York" said, "As with Perry’s other films, his Christian moralistic storytelling can be slightly off-putting — but the solid acting and genuinely entertaining story are sure to satisfy fans, and maybe even bring in some converts."
Ken Fox of "TV Guide" rated the film three out of four stars and said, "Thanks to some first-rate acting from its stars, it ranks among Perry's best."
Tom Becker of "DVD Verdict" said, "The Family That Preys has that Love Boat kind of watchability and simplicity. Everything runs in a straight line, all endings are inevitable, and emotions and morals are no more complex than a well-timed platitude. The characters are amalgams of recognizable types plunked down in sitcom settings that elicit near-Pavlovian responses of cheers, jeers, and tears. Here and there, Perry throws us a curve ball—an act of physical violence presented as deserved comeuppance or a character's grim and dubiously appropriate endgame—but even these are not jarring enough to derail it. This is film as comfort food, and not the gourmet kind."
Brian Orndorf of "DVD Talk" said, "Preys" is a soap opera in the most unashamed sense, and while this aesthetic has made Perry heaps of coin, his personal screen touch remains some of the worst overall filmmaking around. The new feature is perhaps even more melodramatic than anything that's come before, taking the Andrea/William affair and using it as the inspiration for the cast to arch their eyebrows to assured cramp, flare nostrils in unintentional comedic fury, and bounce impassioned lines of dialogue off each other with medicine ball grace. It's equal parts hilarious and aggravating, with Perry showing little shame as he works the characters into pants-wetting hysteria."
Gregory Kirschling from "Entertainment Weekly" stated, "Tyler Perry's melodramas have a tendency to skid not only off the counter but out the kitchen and down the hall, too. The Family That Preys, his first film in six months, is all over the place: It's a boardroom/family/couples/road-trip story. Kathy Bates plays the head of an Atlanta construction company where Sanaa Lathan is a snooty exec and her husband (Rockmond Dunbar), for maximum class/race sizzle, is a worker grunt. As usual, the villains, like Lathan, are very bad, and the good guys, like Dunbar, are very noble — until they get mad and clock their wives."
Box office.
The film opened in 2,070 theaters in North America on September 12, 2008 and grossed $17,381,218 on its opening weekend, ranking #2 at the box office behind "Burn After Reading". It eventually earned $37,105,289 domestically, making it the second least successful of Tyler Perry's films to date only ahead of "Daddy's Little Girls".
Home Media.
The film was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on January 13, 2009. It is in anamorphic widescreen format, with audio tracks and subtitles in English and Spanish. Bonus features include deleted scenes, "Two Families, Two Legends", which spotlights stars Alfre Woodard and Kathy Bates; "Preying in the Big Easy", about filming in New Orleans; "Casting the Family", with interviews with the director and cast, and "Delving into the Diner", in which production designer Ina Mayhew discusses her concept for the set.

</doc>
<doc id="18798888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798888" title="Bilanga-Yanga Peulh">
Bilanga-Yanga Peulh

Bilanga-Yanga Peulh is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,408.

</doc>
<doc id="18798891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798891" title="Carlo Romano">
Carlo Romano

Carlo Romano (8 May 1908 – 16 August 1975) was an Italian film actor and screenwriter. He appeared in 94 films between 1934 and 1975. He also wrote for 14 films between 1955 and 1975. He was also a famous voice actor, most notably the Italian "voice" of Don Camillo (played by French actor Fernandel).
He was born in Florence, Italy and died in Bracciano, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798898" title="Indian Country (disambiguation)">
Indian Country (disambiguation)

The terms Indian Country, Indian Reserve, and Indian Territory may be easily confused. Articles on related topics are titled as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18798901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798901" title="Botou, Burkina Faso">
Botou, Burkina Faso

Botou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,173.

</doc>
<doc id="18798903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798903" title="David Barclay (Quaker)">
David Barclay (Quaker)

Col. David Barclay (1610 – October 12, 1686), of Mathers, St Cyrus, Kincardineshire in Scotland, was 1st Laird of Urie near Stonehaven, Kincardineshire, Scotland, and father of Robert Barclay, the eminent Quaker apologist. Following active service in Europe as a professional soldier under Gustavus Adolphus, King of Sweden, he attained the rank of Colonel and fought in the English Civil War on the side of the King. In 1647 he purchased the lands and barony of Urie in Kincardineshire from William Keith, 7th Earl of Marischal. 
As a known associate of the Earl Marischal he was subsequently confined in Edinburgh Castle where he was converted to Quakerism in 1665 by the celebrated laird of Swinton, who was confined in the same prison.
Family.
Col. David Barclay was the son of David Barclay (1580–1660), 11th of Mathers, of Kincardineshire, Scotland and Elizabeth Livingstone, daughter of John Livingston of Dunipace.
He married Katherine Gordon (1621-1663), daughter of Sir Robert Gordon, 1st Baronet, MP (1580–1656), founder of Gordonstoun School and Louisa Gordon of London, on Dec 24, 1647 in Kincardine.
By Katherine he had two daughters, Lucy and Jean, and three sons, Robert, John, and David. 
Further reading.
ODNB article by Brian M. Halloran, ‘Barclay, Robert (1611/12–1682)’, Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004 [http://www.oxforddnb.com/view/article/67834], accessed Dec 3, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18798907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798907" title="Bossongri, Bilanga">
Bossongri, Bilanga

Bossongri is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,040.

</doc>
<doc id="18798911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798911" title="Al Closter">
Al Closter

Alan Edward Closter is a former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched parts of four seasons in Major League Baseball between 1966 and 1973, pitching in a total of 21 games.
Closter represented the United States at the 1964 Summer Olympics, where baseball was a demonstration sport. He was signed by the New York Yankees before the beginning of the 1965 season, was drafted from them by the Cleveland Indians before being purchased from them by the Washington Senators before the 1966 season.
Closter was severely injured in a collision with Dallas Green, which derailed his career for some time. He made it back to the majors in 1971 with the Yankees, but never established himself and was out of the majors after 1973.
In 2006, Closter was elected to the Syracuse Baseball Wall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18798913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798913" title="Boungou">
Boungou

Boungou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 3,610.

</doc>
<doc id="18798921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798921" title="Bourpangou">
Bourpangou

Bourpangou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 389.

</doc>
<doc id="18798932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798932" title="Cissa, Burkina Faso">
Cissa, Burkina Faso

Cissa is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 914.

</doc>
<doc id="18798934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798934" title="Identity (Raghav album)">
Identity (Raghav album)

Identity is the second album from the Canadian R&B singer Raghav. In 2009, on Michael Jackson's 51st birthday, the album was exclusively released in a concert in New Delhi, India on Universal Music which includes a worldwide release set for 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18798942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798942" title="Out of My Hands (Jennifer Rush album)">
Out of My Hands (Jennifer Rush album)

Out of My Hands is the seventh studio album by American singer Jennifer Rush.
Released in early 1995, the album was led by single "Tears in the Rain" - a song originally recorded by Robin Beck. "Tears in the Rain" became Rush's biggest single of the decade, charting highly in many European countries, particularly in Germany. The album also improved on her previous one by reaching No.15 there during a four-month chart run. A second single was released, the title track "Out of My Hands", while the album boasted a collaboration with Brian May on the Queen cover "Who Wants to Live Forever" - which was released as a promo-only single. Also included on the album was a cover of the Moody Blues hit "Nights in White Satin". 
Later in the year Rush also recorded "Das Farbenspiel des Winds" - a song from the German "Pocahontas" soundtrack, which was released as a single.

</doc>
<doc id="18798950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798950" title="Dipienga">
Dipienga

Dipienga is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 5,421.

</doc>
<doc id="18798960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798960" title="Ughetto Bertucci">
Ughetto Bertucci

Ughetto Bertucci (18 October 1907 – 25 June 1966) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 29 films between 1945 and 1960.
He was born and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18798972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798972" title="Diamdiara">
Diamdiara

Diamdiara is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,308.

</doc>
<doc id="18798975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798975" title="Lavelle Ensor">
Lavelle Ensor

E. Lavelle "Buddy" Ensor (1900–1947) was an American Thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame jockey.
A native of Maryland, Lavelle Ensor got his first professional riding job in 1918 with future Hall of Fame trainer, H. Guy Bedwell. A naturally gifted talent, in 1918 he won a number of important races including the Coaching Club American Oaks, Saratoga Special Stakes and the Potomac Handicap when it was held at Laurel Park Racecourse. Within two years he had twice won five races on a single day and in 1920 he led all American jockeys with a 31% winning percentage. Ensor competed in the Kentucky Derby only twice, his best result a third in 1932 with Liz Whitney's colt, Stepenfetchit.
Lavelle Ensor's career was plagued by alcohol abuse and his misconduct eventually led to him being suspended by The Jockey Club. In the early 1930s he returned to racing for a few years then came back to the track again in 1942. He retired permanently in 1945 with a career 21.1 winning percentage and in 1962 he was inducted posthumously in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
Lavelle Ensor was married to Daisy Bennett (1902–1976) and made their home in Saratoga Springs, New York. They are buried together in Saratoga Springs' Greenridge Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18798991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798991" title="The Angel (film)">
The Angel (film)

The Angel is a 2007 short sci-fi martial arts horror film directed by Paul Hough starring Eddie McGee, Celine Tien and Thomy Kessler. It was inspired by Eddie McGee, a disabled actor who was trained in wire-work. The short film received multiple film festival awards.
Other screenings.
THE ANGEL screened on CANAL+ in France on August 10, 2008 [http://teleplaisance.lautre.net/?news=658]

</doc>
<doc id="18798993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798993" title="Manhattan Jaspers and Lady Jaspers">
Manhattan Jaspers and Lady Jaspers

The Manhattan Jaspers and Lady Jaspers are composed of 19 teams representing Manhattan College in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, crew, cross country, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, and track and field. Men's sports include baseball and golf. Women's sports include volleyball, tennis, and softball. The Jaspers compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
Rivalries.
Manhattan has long maintained rivalries with several local, and MAAC Conference opponents. The Jaspers' most notable rivals are the Fordham Rams, whom they compete in the "Battle of the Bronx" with. The Jaspers also maintain very strong rivalries with the Iona Gaels, and the Siena Saints who have often been the Jaspers' main competition in MAAC play.

</doc>
<doc id="18798995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18798995" title="Diankoudoungou">
Diankoudoungou

Diankoudoungou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,787.

</doc>
<doc id="18799002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799002" title="Bellinda Myrick">
Bellinda Myrick

Bellinda Myrick, also known as Bellinda Myrick-Barnett (born 1948), is an American singer and actress.
Early years.
Myrick was born in Louisiana and raised in Odessa, Texas, by parents LaVerne & bluegrass performer Bill Myrick. She is a niece of the late Louisiaan State Senator W. Spencer Myrick.
Career.
Myrick graduated from Odessa High School in 1966, and followed in her father's footsteps beginning a professional singing career while attending the University of Texas at Austin. She traveled with an International cast of Up With People during 1967-1968. Myrick was awarded the titles of Miss Texas and Miss West Texas and was chosen to be one of the six state title holders who accompanied Miss America Phyllis George as part of the Miss America USO Show to South Vietnam. 
Myrick went on to work at MGM Studios in Los Angeles, California where she lived for eleven years and was involved in charity work with the Thalians and Associates for Troubled Children. She performed as a singer and actress around the world, working numerous times over the years as a special guest star for Bob Hope, as well as Red Skelton and Willie Nelson.
Producer Hal B. Wallis cast Myrick in the leading role of "Ronnie" in the movie A Stone for Danny Fisher, a remake of the Harold Robbins novel of the same name, but Wallis died of a heart attack while the movie was still in pre-production and production halted.
Personal life.
Myrick-Barnett finished her third novel to be published in 2009 and lives with her husband and two sons in Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18799006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799006" title="Credo (Jennifer Rush album)">
Credo (Jennifer Rush album)

Credo is the eighth studio album by American singer Jennifer Rush.
Released in early 1997. By this time, Rush was no longer the chart star she had been a decade earlier and was content to discover new styles. On this album she worked with Gospel and African Choirs, who backed her on three of the tracks - including the title track and lead single with a promo video filmed in the Namib desert. The album did enter the charts in her most loyal market, Germany, where it reached No.26 and the single became a minor hit. This was followed by "Sweet Thing", one of the few uptempo songs on the album, while "Piano in the Dark" (a cover of the Brenda Russell song) was released as a Promo-only single after this. Further notable songs featured on the album are the cover versions of Cheap Trick's "The Flame" (1988) and "The Places You Find Love", originally recorded by Barbra Streisand in 1988 and then by Quincy Jones for his "Back On the Block" album in 1989. Like her previous two albums, "Credo" went unreleased in the UK and US.

</doc>
<doc id="18799014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799014" title="Heterandria formosa">
Heterandria formosa

Heterandria formosa (known as the least killifish, mosqu or midget livebearer) is a species of livebearing fish within the family Poeciliidae. This is the same family that includes familiar aquarium fishes such as guppies and mollies. "H. formosa" is not as commonly kept in aquaria as these species. "H. formosa" is one of the smallest fish in the world (7th smallest ), and is the smallest fish found in North America. Despite the common name "least killifish", it belongs to the family Poeciliidae and not to one of the killifish families.
Range and habitat.
"Heterandria formosa" is the only member of its genus to be found in the United States. Its range covers southeastern United States, from South Carolina south to Georgia and Florida, and through the Florida Gulf Coast to Louisiana. It is one of the few aquarium fishes to come from North America.
"H. formosa" lives primarily in vegetated, slow moving or standing freshwater but also occurs in brackish waters.
Description.
"Heterandria formosa" is one of the smallest fish and smallest vertebrates known to science. Males grow to about 2 centimeters (0.8 inches), while females grow a little larger, to about 3 centimeters (1.2 inches).
The fish is generally an olive color, with a dark horizontal stripe through the center of the body. There is also a dark spot on the dorsal fin and females also have a dark spot on their anal fin. Like most poeciliids, males' anal fins are modified into a gonopodium that is used for impregnating females during mating.
Diet.
"Heterandria formosa" primarily eats invertebrates such as worms and crustaceans. They also eat plant matter.
Breeding.
Like most poeciliids, "H. formosa" is a livebearer. The male uses his modified anal fin, or gonopodium, to deliver sperm to the female. The fertilized eggs grow within the female until they hatch, and the young are released free swimming. "H. formosa" has an uncommon breeding strategy even among livebearers. Rather than all the young being released at once, as many as 40 fry are released over a 10 to 14 day period, but occasionally over a longer period.

</doc>
<doc id="18799015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799015" title="Diapoadougou">
Diapoadougou

Diapoadougou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,154.

</doc>
<doc id="18799026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799026" title="Diamdoari">
Diamdoari

Diamdoari is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 402.

</doc>
<doc id="18799032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799032" title="2009 Continental Championships">
2009 Continental Championships

2009 Continental Championships may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799037" title="Diela, Burkina Faso">
Diela, Burkina Faso

Diela is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,912.

</doc>
<doc id="18799039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799039" title="Marquardt RJ43">
Marquardt RJ43

The Marquardt RJ43-MA were ramjet engines used on the CIM-10 Bomarc missile and on the D-21 drone. They were engineered and built by the Marquardt Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18799040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799040" title="Dola, Burkina Faso">
Dola, Burkina Faso

Dola, Burkina Faso is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 637.

</doc>
<doc id="18799042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799042" title="Laura Gore">
Laura Gore

Laura Gore (30 September 1918 – 27 March 1957) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 39 films between 1945 and 1955.
She was born in Bussoleno, province of Turin and died in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="18799053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799053" title="Mayors of Choluteca">
Mayors of Choluteca

This is a list of Mayors of the Municipality of Choluteca, Honduras that are elected by Democratic Elections:

</doc>
<doc id="18799057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799057" title="Doundougou">
Doundougou

Doundougou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 309.

</doc>
<doc id="18799060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799060" title="Sam Daly">
Sam Daly

Sam Daly (born March 24, 1984, in Providence, Rhode Island) is an American actor. He is the son of actor Tim Daly and actress Amy Van Nostrand. His aunt is actress Tyne Daly. He is a 2006 graduate of Middlebury College, where he captained the basketball team his senior year.

</doc>
<doc id="18799078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799078" title="Baby Doe Tabor">
Baby Doe Tabor

Elizabeth McCourt Tabor (1854 – March 7, 1935), better known as Baby Doe, was the second wife of pioneer Colorado businessman Horace Tabor. Born in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, she moved to Colorado in the mid-1870s with her first husband, Harvey Doe, whom she divorced for drinking, gambling, frequenting brothels, and being unable to provide a living. 
She then moved to Leadville, Colorado, where she met Tabor, a wealthy silver magnate almost twice her age. In 1883 he divorced his first wife, to whom he had been married for 25 years, and he married Baby Doe in Washington, D.C., during his brief stint as a US senator, after which they took up residence in Denver. His divorce and subsequent remarriage to the young and beautiful Baby Doe caused a scandal in 1880s Colorado. Although Tabor was to become one of the wealthiest men in Colorado, supporting his wife in a lavish style, he lost his fortune when the repeal of the Sherman Silver Purchase Act caused the Panic of 1893 with widespread bankruptcies in silver producing regions such as Colorado. He died destitute and she returned to Leadville with her two daughters, living out the rest of her life there.
At one time the "best dressed woman in the West", for the final three decades of her life she lived in a shack on the site of the Matchless Mine enduring great poverty, solitude, and repentance. After a snowstorm in March 1935, she was found frozen in her cabin; she was about 81 years old. During her lifetime she became the subject of malicious gossip and scandal, defied Victorian gender values, and gained a "reputation of one of the most beautiful, flamboyant, and alluring women in the mining West". Her story inspired the opera "The Ballad of Baby Doe".
Early life and marriage.
Elizabeth Bonduel McCourt (or according to some accounts Elizabeth Nellis McCourt) was born in 1854 in Oshkosh, Wisconsin to Irish-Catholic immigrants Peter and Elizabeth McCourt, although she would later change her birth year to 1860. She may have been christened on October 7, 1854 at St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church. Called Lizzie as a child, the fourth of eleven children, she grew up in a middle-class family, in a two-story house. Her father was partner in a local clothing store and owner of Oshkosh's first theater, McCourt Hall. Her mother fostered in her beautiful daughter the belief that her looks were of great worth, excusing her from domestic chores so as to preserve her skin, and allowing her to dream of a future as an actress. Concerned by his wife's indulgence in their young and striking daughter, Peter McCourt thought it prudent to put her to work at the clothing store, where she was often in the company of fashionable young men. At age 16, she was a "fashionably plump" blond haired young woman with a hectic social schedule.
Oshkosh was a frontier lumber town, filled with mills. When fires raged through Oshkosh in 1874 and again in 1875, the McCourt's lost their home, the clothing store and theater. They mortgaged their property to rebuild the home and the business, but this put Peter McCourt deeply in debt, and at that time the family was forced to live on what amounted to little more than a clerk's salary.
In 1876, Lizzie McCourt met Harvey Doe, who was Protestant. She enchanted him when, as the only woman competitor, she entered and won a skating competition, while at same time scandalizing many of the townspeople by wearing a costume that showed glimpses of her legs. Lizzy and Harvey were married in 1877 at the Catholic church, to the dissatisfaction of his parents. They then traveled with Harvey's father to Colorado to look after his mining investments, most importantly his half-ownership of the Fourth of July Mine in Central City. After a two-week honeymoon in Denver's American House, the newlyweds joined the elder Doe in the mining town in the mountains. Lizzie found Colorado enchanting. There she soon gained the nickname “Baby Doe”.
Move to Colorado.
In Central City, she quickly found out her husband's reserved temperament was unsuitable for a boisterous frontier mining town, and that he had an innate inability to follow through with his father's instructions or to manage a mine. Rather than see him fail, and enchanted with the possibility of becoming wealthy from mining gold, she helped her husband. She often dressed in mining clothes and worked directly in the mine. Despite the more relaxed culture in the frontier mining town, those in the highest strata of the city's society considered her behavior and dress scandalous, causing her to be ignored. Through both of their efforts the Does did manage to bring up a small amount of gold, but when the vein ran out and a poorly constructed shaft collapsed, Harvey gave up and decided to take a job as a common mucker at another mine and he told his wife to stop wearing men's clothing and stay at home.
At that time, they moved from Central City to Black Hawk to live in a less expensive rooming house. Greatly disappointed and disenchanted by the noise and dirt in Black Hawk, she began to take walks around the city each day, and then at age 23, she gained the name "Baby Doe" from the local men watching. She lacked domestic skills with which to work and earn money and had nothing in common with the women of the town; often with little to do with her time she visited the local clothing store, attracted by the expensive fabrics. She became friendly with the owner of the town's clothing store, Jake Sandelowsky, while at the same time Harvey lost his job and their marriage began to deteriorate. By that time Baby Doe was pregnant. Suspecting the child was Jake's, Harvey left her temporarily, and in July 1879, Baby Doe gave birth to a stillborn boy.
Meanwhile, Harvey's parents, expecting there to be a grandchild, had moved to Colorado to be with their son. Disappointed, they severed their ties with the two and moved to Idaho Springs, while Baby Doe followed Harvey to Denver, despite wishing for a divorce from him. In Denver, Harvey frequented saloons and brothels and after witnessing him with a prostitute, Baby Doe filed for divorce on the grounds of adultery. The divorce was quickly granted in March 1880, but for unknown reasons not officially recorded until April 1886. Baby Doe then moved to Leadville, Colorado, almost certainly invited there by Sandelowsky, who changed his name to Sands. Alone and without a husband, Baby Doe needed to find a means of financial support quickly. Jake Sandelowsky, who opened a store in Leadville and almost certainly wanted to marry her, offered her employment. Working at a clothing store, however, was a prospect Baby Doe found dull, boring, and too similar to the life she left behind in Oshkosh.
Leadville.
In Leadville she caught the attention of Horace Tabor, mining millionaire, and owner of Leadville's Matchless Mine. Like Baby Doe, Tabor was married, but in 1880 he left his wife Augusta to be with Baby Doe; he established her in plush suites at hotels in Leadville and Denver.
Horace and Augusta Tabor had lived for 25 years on the frontier: moving to Kansas where they tried their hand at agriculture, then following the gold rush to Colorado, but never striking it rich. Eventually they found their way to Leadville where Horace, in 1878, grub staked two prospectors with about $60 worth of goods in return for one-third of their profits. To everyone's surprise the two men's stake was successful, beginning Tabor's path to wealth. With his profits, he bought out the two, then bought stakes in more mines, and had a house built in Denver. He ran, successfully, for Lieutenant Governor of Colorado, in 1878, (when still a territory), and established the Little Pittsburg Consolidated Mining Company, which quickly gained a worth of about $20 million. He bought the Matchless Mine, which for many years produced large amounts of silver; his profits were so great that he was quickly on his way to becoming one of the richest men in the country.
At an altitude of 10,000 feet, Leadville was the second largest city in Colorado. It boasted over 100 saloons and gambling places, multiple daily and weekly newspapers, and 36 brothels. Tabor's presence seemed to be everywhere. He opened the Tabor Opera House, bought luxury items for his wife, Augusta, and established a private army that he used for protection at his holdings and as a force against striking miners. He spent his money lavishly, mostly on his own entertainment—drinking, gambling and frequenting brothels. In 1880, Augusta moved away from him, to live in Denver, while Tabor enjoyed himself in Leadville. A Denver newspaper columnist described him as, "Stoop-shouldered; ambling gait ...black hair, inclined to baldness ...dresses in black; magnificent cuff buttons of diamonds and onyx ...worth 8 million dollars." Historian Judy Nolte Temple writes that it "seemed inevitable that the prettiest woman in the mining West would eventually meet the richest man."
Baby Doe met Horace Tabor in a restaurant in Leadville one evening in 1880. She told him her story, and that she had arrived in Leadville because of Jake Sandelowsky's generosity; Tabor gave her $5000 on the spot. Baby Doe then had a message, and $1000, delivered to Sandelowsky in which she declared that she would not marry him. Instead, Tabor moved her to the Clarendon Hotel, next to the opera house and Sandelowsky's store, Sands, Pelton & Company. Sandelowsky later moved to Aspen, where he opened another store, married, and built a turreted house.
Some months later, Tabor moved Baby Doe to the Windsor Hotel in Denver. A newly constructed turreted building, meant to look like Windsor castle, the hotel had extremely lavish decorations such as mirrors made of diamond dust. Tabor had a gold-leafed bath-tub in his suite. Guests were wealthy, well-known and well-connected. 
Baby Doe claimed to love Tabor, and he loved her. He moved permanently out of his Denver home and asked his wife Augusta for a divorce. She refused him, he in turn refused to send her an invitation to attend the grand opening of Denver's Tabor Grand Opera House. He stopped giving his wife money; she sued him but failed; he again demanded a divorce. Baby Doe suggested that he seek a divorce in a different jurisdiction, and in 1882 a Durango, Colorado, judge granted them a divorce. However the filing was irregular and once Tabor realized that, he had the county clerk paste together two pages in the records to hide the action. Despite his existing marriage to Augusta, Horace Tabor and Elizabeth McCourt Doe married secretly in St. Louis, Missouri, in September 1882. At that time both were bigamists: his divorce was questionable and hers not yet recorded.
Marriage to Horace Tabor.
In January 1883, Augusta sued Tabor again, and at that time he compensated her with real estate in Denver and stock in his mines. Tabor finally obtained a legal divorce in January 1883. That same month, the Colorado State Legislature appointed him to a 30-day term as United States Senator, to fill a temporary vacancy, when the sitting senator, Henry Teller, was appointed as a cabinet member. Baby Doe and Horace married publicly on 1 March 1883, just two months after Tabor divorced Augusta. He was 52 and she 28, although she claimed at that time to be only 22. The marriage took place during Tabor’s brief tenure as a US senator, at the Willard Hotel in Washington, DC. Baby Doe invited President Chester A. Arthur and other dignitaries who attended, as reported by the media at the time of her death, though a more recent biography claims many invitations were declined.
She planned a lavish wedding, going first to Oshkosh, making arrangements for her family to attend the event, and purchasing clothing and jewelry for them. Her mother was proud that her daughter was marrying a wealthy man, and Baby Doe herself was quite happy. At her wedding in Washington, she wore a white satin dress that cost $7,000 and the $90,000 necklace known as the "Isabella" necklace. Two days after the wedding, the priest who performed the ceremony refused to sign the marriage license when he learned that both the bride and the groom had previously divorced and Baby Doe was Catholic. Although Tabor’s contemporaries had winked at or ignored his dalliance with Baby Doe, Tabor’s divorce and quick remarriage created a scandal which prevented the couple from being accepted in polite society. Only a few months later, Horace's bid to be elected governor of Colorado ended in failure. Baby Doe's father died at around the same time.
The couple returned to Colorado, where they took up permanent residence in a Denver mansion. Denver socialites snubbed Baby Doe from whom she received neither visits nor invitations. Although she did not join charities or clubs, as was customary during that period for wealthy women, she was generous with her money, donating funds to various charities, such as free providing offices to the Colorado suffragette movement. To keep herself busy, she shopped, bought jewelry and clothing, had her hair done and continued with the hobby of scrapbooking she took up when living in Central City.
On July 13, 1884, she gave birth the first of two daughters, Elizabeth Bonduel Lily Tabor. Although the infant was christened in an extravagant and frilly outfit costing $15,000, Baby Doe was reportedly a good mother, staying at home with her daughter instead of accompanying Horace on his frequent trips to look after widespread business interests. The second daughter, Rose Mary Echo Silver Dollar Tabor, was born on December 17, 1889. Both girls were attractive and well-looked after and their mother doted on them. The second child was fondly called Silver, whom Baby Doe "defiantly nursed ... as she rode through the streets in Denver in one of her carriages."
A year after the birth of their second child, the Sherman Silver Purchase Act was enacted, in 1890, which brought to Colorado, and Colorado mine-owners, the hope that wildly fluctuating silver prices would stabilize. Profits from silver mining had diminished as the supply declined, and the extraction process and labor costs increased. When a few of Horace's investments began to fail, he was forced to mortgage the Tabor theater in Denver and other real estate he bought during the past decades.
Horace Tabor lost his fortune in 1893 when the repeal of the Silver Act caused the Panic of 1893. Silver prices plummeted and fortunes in Colorado were instantly wiped out. As she had with her first husband, Baby Doe pitched in. Horace gave her the legal power to run his business concerns in Denver and she made decisions for him during his absences. To raise money, she sold her jewelry, and when the couple had the power turned off in their mansion, she made a game of it for the children. Eventually, the mansion and its contents were sold and at age 65, to earn a living, Horace took a job as a common mineworker while the family lived in a boarding house. From 1893 to 1898 the Tabors endured great poverty although some friends lent them money. To save him from poverty, some political friends arranged his appointment as postmaster of Denver in 1898. The family, at that time lived on his annual salary of $3700 per year, and took up residence in a plain room at the Windsor Hotel. Horace's health soon gave out, and 15 months after his appointment to the position, he died.
His funeral was well attended with perhaps as many as 10,000 there. On his deathbed he is said to have told Baby Doe, "hold on the Matchless mine … it will make millions again when silver comes back", although the story might not be true; by then they had mortgaged and/or lost the Matchless mine. At the time of her husband's death, Baby Doe was still an attractive woman in her mid-forties.
Later years.
The Matchless mine.
After her husband's death, Baby Doe stayed in Denver for a period according to her diaries and correspondence. The reasons why she decided to leave Denver, and the society there, to make a return to Leadville, in the high mountains, with its cold winters, are unknown, but almost certainly had to do with the Matchless mine. For two years she unsuccessfully tried to find investors to bring the Matchless back into production. The family may have tried to regain ownership to the Matchless mine, but the documentation is fragmented, and it is unclear who the mine belonged to at that point. In 1901 one of her McCourt sisters may have attempted to buy the mine at a sheriff's sale, but again the fragmented documentation is murky about the ownership. When Baby Doe moved with her girls back to Leadville, she claimed she would work the mine herself, despite its deteriorated condition. Temple writes that the mine's shafts were flooded and had not been in working condition for many years, and furthermore that Horace would have known this. To earn money, she took on menial domestic jobs and unknown to her, her brother paid the grocer so that the three women had food. Eventually, in an attempt to keep the decrepit mine going and to raise funds, she reluctantly sold the "Isabella necklace" Tabor gave her, but during her lifetime she refused to sell his gold watch fob.
The older daughter, Lily, left her mother to live with Baby Doe’s family in Wisconsin, and later, after her mother died, even denied that she was Baby Doe’s daughter. Of the two daughters, the elder, Lily, born into wealth, seemed more affected by the fall into poverty. When in 1902, Baby Doe traveled with her daughters to Oshkosh to visit her relatives, Lily decided then to prolong her visit, to stay and provide care for her elderly grandmother. Later Lily moved to Chicago, where in 1908 she married her first cousin, and soon after gave birth to a Baby Doe's grandchild. In 1911, Baby Doe and Silver again visited relatives in Wisconsin, going on to visit Lily in Chicago. After the prolonged absence, Lily claimed she barely knew Silver Dollar.
After Lily's departure, Baby Doe and Silver Dollar had moved into a cabin on the site of the Matchless mine. The living quarters were basic and inadequate for Colorado winters: "All told, it was no larger than a medium sized room. Two windows had been cut into the flimsy weatherboards, but these had been nailed up". The structure was a former tool shed located adjacent to the hoisthouse, described by a visitor in 1927 as "crowded with very primitive furniture, decorated with religious pictures, and stacked high in newspapers." The cabin was isolated, located above Leadville in Little Strayhorse Gulch, with an unimpeded view of Mount Elbert and Mount Massive.
Silver Dollar also left Leadville, but not long after she turned to drink and was sexually precocious. Worried, Baby Doe was happy to send her away to Denver. There Silver Dollar wrote for the "Denver Times", sending part of her earnings to her mother on a weekly basis. She then attempted to become a novelist, while at the same time gaining a bad reputation in Denver for her drunken antics. Perhaps to escape Colorado, she moved to Chicago where again she tried her hand at writing; eventually she became the mistress to a gangster after working as a dancer in Chicago under various names. In 1925, Silver Dollar was found scalded to death under suspicious circumstances in her Chicago boarding house, where she was living under the name "Ruth Norman". For the rest of her life, Baby Doe refused to believe the woman found as Ruth Norman had been her daughter, claiming, "I did not see the body they said was my little girl."
Alone in the cabin outside Leadville, Baby Doe turned to religion. She considered her life of great wealth as a period of vanity, and created penances for herself. During the frigidly bitter Colorado high-country winters she wound burlap sacking around her legs. With no money, she ate very little, living on stale bread and suet, refusing to accept charity. Baby Doe lived like this for 35 years. During these years she wrote incessantly. In diaries, letters, scraps she called "Dreams and Visions", consisting of about 2000 fragments, bundled in piles of paper in her cabin, she wrote entries such as: "Nov. 26—1918 Papa Tabor's Birthday I owe my room rent & am in need of food and only enough bread for tonight & breakfast ... my shoes and stockings only 1 pair are in rags." An eyewitness described her in 1927 as dressed "in corduroy trousers, mining boots, and a torn soiled blouse ... a blue bandana tied around her head", going on to say "her eyes were very far apart and a gorgeous blue".
She wandered the streets of Leadville, rags on her feet, wearing a cross, and came to be known as a madwoman. Some who had been acquainted with her earlier, thought she deserved to suffer for having broken up the marriage between Horace and Augusta, believing her to be the cause of his ruin. At that time, Leadville itself had lost much of its boomtown population and was becoming a ghost-town. She often walked the empty streets at night, dressed in a mixture of women's and men's clothing, wearing trousers and mining boots. She protected the mine from strangers with a shot-gun, and of her Temple says, "she became a sad spectre of Baby Doe to old-timers; a spectacle to the young."
Death.
In the winter of 1935, after an unusually severe snowstorm, some neighbors noticed that no smoke was coming out of the chimney at the Matchless mine cabin. Investigating, they found Baby Doe dead, her body frozen on the floor. The "Rocky Mountain News" reported that a miner and friend, concerned at not seeing her for some days, broke into the cabin and found the body. The newspaper went on to compare her to another female Leadville resident, Molly Brown, and that for one last time Baby Doe made the front page of the papers. The interment had to be postponed because the ground in Leadville at that time of year was "still frozen five feet deep". While a gravesite was being prepared in Leadville—the ground had to be dynamited—wealthy Denverites raised money to have her body brought there. A funeral mass was held in Leadville, then her casket was sent by train to Denver. She was apparently 81 years old at the time of her death.
Her remaining possessions were auctioned off to souvenir collectors for $700. Baby Doe Tabor is buried with her husband in Mt. Olivet Cemetery in Wheat Ridge, Colorado.
Reputation and legacy.
Baby Doe Tabor is a legend among the women of the mining West. She holds the reputation of being a great beauty, a home-wrecker, and in her later years, a mad woman. Temple writes that Baby Doe's legend, and her sins, grew quickly in retelling, as evidenced by an exaggerated description of her death in an early biography: "The formerly beautiful and glamorous Baby Doe Tabor ... was found dead on her cabin floor ... only partially clothed ...frozen into the shape of a cross". She was rumored to be a gold digger and a poor mother. Scavengers searched for non-existent treasure after her death, but Temple says the real treasure was found in Baby Doe's writing, which has taken decades to archive, analyze and study, and only now is beginning to reveal the inner life of the woman. Temple sees her as one in a long line of women who endured shunning and punishment for her beauty, for being disruptive to prevailing social norms. Moreover Temple speculates, Baby Doe's move to Leadville after Horace's death may have been calculated as a self-shunning from Denver society.
Baby Doe was portrayed in the Warner Brothers film "Silver Dollar", which premiered in Denver in 1932. "Lily", the fictionalized character of Baby Doe, was portrayed by actress Bebe Daniels; Edward G. Robinson played Yates Martin, a fictionalized Horace Tabor. Douglas Moore's opera "The Ballad of Baby Doe" premiered in Central City, Colorado, in 1956. In the New York premiere in 1958, Baby Doe was sung by Beverly Sills. In the 1970s, a string of western-themed "Baby Doe's Matchless Mine" restaurants was established in a number of US cities. Almost all are now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18799082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799082" title="Alimamy Koroma">
Alimamy Koroma

Alimamy I.B. Koroma is a Sierra Leonean politician from the All People's Congress (APC) and the current Sierra Leonean Minister of Trade and Industry. He was appointed to the position by president Ernest Bai Koroma in October, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18799084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799084" title="Fétary">
Fétary

Fétary is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,093.

</doc>
<doc id="18799085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799085" title="Givat Yeshayahu">
Givat Yeshayahu

Givat Yeshayahu (, "lit." Yeshayahu Hill) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Valley of Elah around ten kilometres south of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 445.
The village was established in 1958 by immigrants from Hungary, members of the Jewish youth movement HaNoar HaTzioni and was named after Yeshayahu Press, a prominent researcher.

</doc>
<doc id="18799089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799089" title="Garpieni">
Garpieni

Garpieni is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 998.

</doc>
<doc id="18799094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799094" title="Enzo Turco">
Enzo Turco

Enzo Turco (1902 – 7 July 1983) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 39 films between 1939 and 1972.
He was born in Naples, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18799098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799098" title="Guinoama">
Guinoama

Guinoama is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 402.

</doc>
<doc id="18799101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799101" title="2000 Citrix Tennis Championships – Singles">
2000 Citrix Tennis Championships – Singles

Stefan Koubek defeated Álex Calatrava 6–1, 4–6, 6–4 to win the 2000 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18799102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799102" title="Wichita State Shockers football">
Wichita State Shockers football

The Wichita State Shockers football team was the NCAA Division I football program of Wichita State University in Wichita, Kansas. The Shockers fielded a team from 1897 to 1986.
History.
First game.
The first official football game played by the school was in 1897 under the coaching of T. H. Morrison. The school defeated Wichita High School, now known as Wichita East, by a score of 12–4 in the only game played that year.
1905 night game.
In the 1905 season, the Coleman Company set up temporary gas-powered lighting for a night game against Cooper College (now called the Sterling Warriors). It was the first night football game played west of the Mississippi River. Fairmount won the game 24–0.
1905 "experimental" game.
On December 25, 1905, Wichita State (called "Fairmount College" at the time) played a game against the Washburn Ichabods using a set of experimental rules. The game was officiated by then Washburn head coach John H. Outland.
The experiment was considered a failure. Outland commented, "It seems to me that the distance required in three downs would almost eliminate touchdowns, except through fakes or flukes." The Los Angeles Times reported that there was much kicking and that the game was considered much safer than regular play, but that the new rule was not "conducive to the sport."
In his history of the sport of football, David M. Nelson concluded that "the first forward passes were thrown at the end of the 1905 season in a game between Fairmount and Washburn colleges in Kansas." According to Nelson, Washburn completed three passes, and Fairmount completed two.
Plane crash.
On October 2, 1970, a plane crashed that was carrying about half of the football team on their way to play a game against Utah State University. 31 people were killed. The game was canceled, and the Utah State football team held a memorial service at the stadium where the game was to have been played.
Program discontinued.
On December 2, 1986, Wichita State President Warren Armstrong announced that the university would no longer sponsor football due to the financial strain the program places on the university.
Potential program revivals.
In 1992, a study was done on Cessna Stadium to comply with I-A football standards. It was shown that $24 million in improvements were needed.
In 1997, the cost was cited at $11 million to restart the football program and three other women's sports.
In 1998, an advisory committee at Wichita State recommended reinstating the football program at Wichita State after a 15-month study for $70,000.
In 2006, Wichita Mayor Carlos Mayans proposed to use public funds to restart the football program at Wichita State. He would subsequently drop the plan weeks later.
In 2012, an attempt was made to begin a club-level football team at Wichita State with hopes of eventually reviving the football program, though no official endorsement was given by the university.
Conference championships.
Wichita State won fourteen conference titles.
Bowl Games.
The Shockers played in 3 bowl games and had an 0–3 record.

</doc>
<doc id="18799115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799115" title="Gomonsgou">
Gomonsgou

Gomonsgou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 783.

</doc>
<doc id="18799124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799124" title="2008 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Doubles">
2008 Legg Mason Tennis Classic – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but chose not to participate that year.
Marc Gicquel and Robert Lindstedt won in the final 7–6(8–6), 6–3, against Bruno Soares and Kevin Ullyett.

</doc>
<doc id="18799125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799125" title="Gninsonguin">
Gninsonguin

Gninsonguin is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,193.

</doc>
<doc id="18799133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799133" title="Hartery">
Hartery

Hartery is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,050.

</doc>
<doc id="18799134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799134" title="Dmitry Vorobyov">
Dmitry Vorobyov

Dmitry Vorobyov (; born October 18, 1985 in Tolyatti) is Russian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
As a young defensive prospect he had been a member of Russia’s U18 and U20 national squads and has also skated on several occasions, including at the 2008 World Championships in Canada. The young defenceman was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 157th overall selection in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. He has since become one of the top blue liners in the Russian Super League and on Russia’s national team.

</doc>
<doc id="18799140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799140" title="Harboungou">
Harboungou

Harboungou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 670.

</doc>
<doc id="18799147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799147" title="Texas–Arlington Mavericks">
Texas–Arlington Mavericks

The UT Arlington Mavericks (abbreviated UTA and Mavs) are the athletic teams that represent the University of Texas at Arlington. The Mavericks compete in the NCAA Division I Sun Belt Conference in 14 varsity sports.
UTA was a founding member of the Southland Conference in 1963 and participated in the league until the end of the 2011-12 athletic year. They joined the Western Athletic Conference for one year before they moved to the Sun Belt.
UT Arlington won the Southland Conference's Commissioners Cup three times since the award was first instituted in 1998. The Commissioner's Cup is awarded to the athletics program with the highest all-around performance in all conference events, including all men's and women's events.
A new arena called the College Park Center is now the host facility for basketball and volleyball home games as well as other university activities. It also houses much of the Athletic Department staff, which relocated from the Gilstrap Athletic Center at Maverick Stadium. The arena opened February 1, 2012 and seats approximately 7,000 people.
The Mavericks' team name selection was made in 1971, predating the National Basketball Association's expansion franchise Dallas Mavericks' starting choice in 1980.
Jim Baker is the current Athletic Director. Prior to his stint at UTA, he was an associate athletic director for events, operations and sports programs at the University of Texas. Baker replaced Pete Carlon, who headed the Athletic Department from 1996 to 2012, and is currently the Senior Athletics Director for Administration.
Team list.
The Mavericks compete in the Division I varsity sports listed below:
Baseball.
The baseball team plays at Clay Gould Ballpark, located at the southwestern edge of the UT Arlington campus. The inaugural season was in 1969. Highlights include Southland Conference regular season championships in 1990 and 1992 along with tournament championships in 2001, 2006 and 2012. The team also won a share of the 2013 Western Athletic Conference conference regular season title.
Basketball.
Men's basketball.
Home games are played at College Park Center, located on University of Texas at Arlington's campus in Arlington. The team appeared in the 2008 NCAA tournament, losing against the #1 seed Memphis in the first round. Later, Memphis had to forfeit their win for "ineligible competition, impermissible benefits and failure to monitor its athletics programs." Although only 16 of 54 seasons have resulted in an overall winning record, 5 of the past 6 seasons have winning records, including a school record 24 wins in the 2011-2012 season. They won the Southland Conference regular season championship along with a tie for the 2004 regular season champion and a 2008 conference tournament championship that led to their first NCAA Tournament appearance.
Women's basketball.
The women's basketball team was established in 1972 and experienced early success with a combined 64-32 record in three seasons between 1975 and 1977. The Mavericks participated in several AIAW state and regional tournaments before joining the Southland Conference beginning with the 1982-83 season. Between 2004 and 2010, the team posted an overall record of 121-65. During this time span, highlights have included a perfect 16-0 Southland Conference record for the 2006-07 season and two NCAA tournament appearances (2005 and 2007).
Football.
UT Arlington began play as a junior college in 1919 and played at that level until 1958. They won Junior Rose Bowls in 1956 and 1957, as well as the Junior College National Championship, as Arlington State College.
After becoming a four-year University, UTA fielded a College Division (Division II today) football program as an independent from 1959-1963, joined the Southland Conference in the College Division from 1964 to 1970, a University Level (Division I) program from 1971 to 1981 and a Division I-AA program from 1982 to 1985. Home games were played in Maverick Stadium beginning in the 1980 season. UTA earned conference championships in 1966, 1967 and 1981. In 1967, the team won the Pecan Bowl against the North Dakota Fighting Sioux, the only bowl game in its history.
The team was disbanded after the 1985 season due to major financial losses (nearly one million dollars per year) and low home game average attendance (5,600 with 23,100 students). By the end, the program was funded by the university's auxiliary enterprise income while the other 14 sports were under-funded, as football accounted for half the total athletic budget.
In April 2004, UT Arlington students voted by a 2-to-1 margin to increase their student athletic fees by $2 per semester-credit hour should the university reinstate football and begin women's golf and soccer teams. President James D. Spaniolo, who just began his post leading the school, decided to pursue a new multi-purpose venue, which materialized when College Park Center opened in 2012. He also made the announcement to relook at adding football in five years.
Softball.
UTA softball plays their home games at Allan Saxe Field, adjacent to Clay Gould Ballpark. The Mavericks began play in 1973 and have compiled a record of 1,216–1,040-9, a winning percentage of .539. Along the way, they have won five Southland Conference regular season titles and one tournament title. Their lone appearance in the NCAA tournament came in 2003, where they went 2-2.
Prior to competing in the NCAA, the Mavericks were members of the AIAW, where they competed in two Women's College World Series tournaments.
Volleyball.
The first season for volleyball at UT Arlington was in 1973. The volleyball team appeared in the national rankings in the '70's during their time in the AIAW and towards the end of the 1980s in the NCAA. They advanced to the NCAA Volleyball Final Four in 1989. They have appeared in 16 AIAW National and NCAA Tournaments
The team has won 12 Southland Conference regular season championships, including the first 9 from 1982 to 1990 as well as 10 Southland Tournament crowns.
Other sports.
The men's golf team has won four Southland Conference Championships, while finishing as the runner-up eight times. During that time, they had the individual champion three times. In their lone season in the WAC, the team finished in second place while they claimed their fourth individual conference champion. Despite being two seasons removed from participating in the Southland, UTA is still in second place for most team championships.
In track & field, the men's team has won seven outdoor and eight indoor Southland Conference championships. The women's team has won six outdoor and seven indoor championships. The teams call Maverick Stadium their home. The facility has hosted numerous conference championship meets, as well as various regular season meets.
The men's cross country team lays claim to five conference titles: three SLC titles, one WAC in its first and only year there, and one SBC in its first year while finishing as the runner ups seven times. The men are currently back-to-back conference champions. Additionally, UTA has had seven individual champions. Overall, the team has earned four runner of the year's, two freshman of the year's and four coaches of the year's. Current coach John Sauerhage has won three, all in different conferences. On the women's side, the team has earned four team conference championships, three individual titles, three runner of the year's, one freshman of the year and two coach of the year's. They have finished as runner up at the conference meet eight times.
The men's tennis team has won seven regular season championships in the Southland Conference, including a streak of 5 in 6 years from 1998 to 2003. The women's team has seen similar success, also winning seven championships with a streak of 6 in 7 years from 1999 to 2005. The UTA Tennis Center is the home for the programs.
School spirit.
The school's colors are blue and white with orange becoming more prominent. The school mascot is a horse named Blaze. UTA's former fight song, Dixie, coincided with the school's Rebel mascot. After the mascot became more and more controversial, the fight song was changed and the current edition, the UTA Fight Song, was born. 
Alma Mater.
Dear School we love,<br>
You are our Alma Mater,<br>
And through the years,<br>
Our faith we shall proclaim.<br>
We are each one,<br>
A loyal son or daughter,<br>
Our song of praise,<br>
Shall glorify your name.<br>
Dear School we love,<br>
Forever Arlington.<br>
Forever Arlington!
Fight Song.
Blue, white, we’ve got the might,<br>
Mavericks, we’re gonna fight<br>
Shout our praises to the sky<br>
V-I-C-T-O-R-Y<br>
Go big Mavericks<br>
All the way Mavericks, Fight Fight!<br>
Go big Mavericks<br>
UTA Mavericks<br>
Fight, Fight<br>
Go Mavs!!
Rivalries.
UTA currently maintains a primary rivalry with the Texas State Bobcats, a team which has been a conference rival every year since 1987, despite the two schools belonging to three different conferences in that time frame. UTA leads the all-time series in football (2-0), volleyball (41-30) and softball (58-48) while the Bobcats lead in men's (29-30) and women's basketball (27-33) as well as baseball (38-56).
UTA also maintains a relatively heated rivalry with North Texas Mean Green, though they haven't been members of the same conference since 1996. Primarily because the teams are only thirty miles apart and are in only Division I public universities in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, the various sporting events between the two are some of the most attended of the year for each team.
With UTA beginning Sun Belt membership in 2013, they resumed conference rivalries with the Arkansas State Red Wolves, Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns and Louisiana–Monroe Warhawks, who were all members of the Southland Conference at various points during UTA's tenure.
Sports rivalries began at UT Arlington while it was a junior college known as the North Texas Agricultural College. A fierce rivalry developed in the 1930s with John Tarleton Agricultural College since both schools held junior college status in the Texas A&M system. Similar to the Aggie Bonfire tradition at the College Station campus, the host of the yearly football game between these teams built a bonfire. In 1939, two NTAC students flew a Taylorcraft Aircraft to the JTAC campus and dropped a phosphorus bomb on the bonfire to light it prematurely. While the plane was flying low after the bomb was dropped, a JTAC student was able to throw a piece of wood into the propeller and cause the plane to crash. The students were dragged from the wreckage and a 'J' was shaved into their heads. Bonfires were canceled after this event.
Notable athletes.
The baseball and football programs have produced several notable athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="18799148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799148" title="Karbani">
Karbani

Karbani is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 566.

</doc>
<doc id="18799149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799149" title="Texas–Arlington Mavericks football">
Texas–Arlington Mavericks football

The UT Arlington Mavericks football team represented the University of Texas at Arlington from the 1959 through 1985 seasons. Between 1919 through 1958, UTA competed as a junior college prior to moving to Division II in 1959 and ultimately Division I in 1971. UTA played its home games at multiple stadiums throughout their history with the most recent being Maverick Stadium, in Arlington, Texas.
History.
The UT Arlington football team traces its roots to 1919 when the program was established as the then Grubbs Vocational College Grubbworms from 1919 through 1922. By 1923 Grubbs was renamed as the North Texas Agricultural College with the football team then playing as the Junior Aggies competing in the Central Texas Conference. As the Aggies, the program captured four conference championships through the 1948 season. By 1949, the school would again change its name and mascot in competing as the Arlington State College Blue Riders through the 1950 season only to again change the mascot to the Rebels for the 1951 season. Arlington would reach their zeinth as a junior college program in capturing both the 1956 and 1957 Junior Rose Bowls as national junior college champions. Following the 1958 season, Arlington State became a four-year school and begin competition as a Division II school.
After entering the Southland Conference as a charter member for the 1964 season, by 1966, the school officially became the University of Texas at Arlington. As UTA won conference championships in 1966, 1967 and 1981 seasons in addition to winning their lone bowl game, the 1967 Pecan Bowl. The program would be officially disbanded after an announcement by then university president Wendell Nedderman on November 26, 1985, citing financial loss as the primary impetus for its abandonment.
Seasons.
This listing includes only the seasons UTA competed as a four year college beginning with the 1959 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18799157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799157" title="Kabaré">
Kabaré

Kabaré is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,734.

</doc>
<doc id="18799168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799168" title="2009 World Championships">
2009 World Championships

2009 World Championships may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799170" title="Kiryomdéni">
Kiryomdéni

Kiryomdéni is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 551.

</doc>
<doc id="18799171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799171" title="Wok of Waldstein">
Wok of Waldstein

Wok of Waldstein was a Bohemian noble and a notable figure among the Hussites of Prague. In 1410 he received a congratulatory letter from John Oldcastle after a number of protests resulting from the burning of books written by Wycliffe. In 1412 he was the leader of a crowd that publicly burned papal bulls regarding intercession on the pillory of Prague, and he later protested against condemnation of Jan Hus by the Council of Constance.

</doc>
<doc id="18799187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799187" title="Kogodou">
Kogodou

Kogodou is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,300.

</doc>
<doc id="18799200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799200" title="Classics (Jennifer Rush album)">
Classics (Jennifer Rush album)

Classics is the ninth studio album by American singer Jennifer Rush.
Having been classically trained as a singer years earlier, Jennifer Rush went back to her roots (her father was a tenor) and recorded a selection of her past hits with the Hungarian Philharmonic Orchestra. These were vast reworkings of the songs, where many had been originally uptempo pop tunes were now slow and dramatic works, such as "Ring of Ice" and "I Come Undone". As well as these, four new songs were included on the collection, including lead single "The End of a Journey". The album was released in several European countries, reaching No.34 in the German charts. This version of "Ring of Ice" was released a year later as a Promo-only single to coincide with her "Classics" tour. Rush undertook a tour with the Orchestra based on this album in 1999, which proved popular and appeared on several television shows with them, including on one occasion, in a duet with José Carreras.
"Classics" remained Jennifer Rush's last album for more than a decade, as she spent the next few years away from the business apart from occasional recordings on various soundtrack albums. In 2007, she released an album of previously unreleased and rare material and announced a return to the recording studio for her first album in ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="18799206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799206" title="Koguina">
Koguina

Koguina is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 453.

</doc>
<doc id="18799214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799214" title="Foeni">
Foeni

Foeni (; ; or "Fenj") is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cruceni and Foeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18799221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799221" title="Shirley Ballas">
Shirley Ballas

Shirley Annette Ballas is a British ballroom dancer, teacher and adjudicator. She specialises in the International Latin division, where she won several championship titles earning her the nickname, "The Queen of Latin." Shirley was first married to, and competed with, fellow Briton Sammy Stopford. They came 2nd in the 1982, 1983 & 1985 Professional World Latin Dance Championships. The pair won the 1983 International Latin American Dance Championship, and were the 1984 UK Open Champions in Professional Latin.
Later, she married Corky Ballas. Together they won the International Latin American Dance Championship for 1995, at the Royal Albert Hall in London. They met at a Latin competition in Montreal, Quebec. The pair moved to Houston, Texas to compete in the USA. Their first and only child, Mark Ballas, of "Dancing With the Stars" fame, was born in 1986. Before his birth, his parents thought he would be a girl, and picked the name "Amy" for him. This would later lead to Mark naming his rock band "Almost Amy".

</doc>
<doc id="18799228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799228" title="Checea">
Checea

Checea (; ; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Checea, part of Cenei Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18799231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799231" title="Western Illinois Leathernecks football">
Western Illinois Leathernecks football

The Western Illinois Leathernecks football program is the intercollegiate American football team for the Western Illinois University located in the U.S. state of Illinois. The team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision (FCS) and are members of the Missouri Valley Football Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1903. The team plays its home games at the 17,168 seat Hanson Field. They are coached by Bob Nielson.
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="18799232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799232" title="Biled">
Biled

Biled is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Biled. It also included two other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Șandra Commune.
Name.
In German, it is known as "Billed", in Hungarian as "Billéd", and in Serbian as Билед / Biled.
Ethnic groups.
In 2002, population was composed of:
Religion.
In 2002, population was composed of:

</doc>
<doc id="18799234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799234" title="Birda">
Birda

Birda is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Berecuța, Birda, Mânăstire and Sângeorge.

</doc>
<doc id="18799235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799235" title="Worcester Market Building">
Worcester Market Building

The Worcester Market Building is a historic commercial building at 831 Main Street in Worcester, Massachusetts. When it was built in 1914, it was believed to be the largest grocery supply building in the nation. It was built for Fayette Asyril Amidon, who had founded the Worcester Market in 1894 after establishing a similar enterprise in Providence, Rhode Island. The building was designed by Oreste Ziroli, an Italian immigrant who worked as a draftsman for the building's builder, J. W. Bishop. The exterior of the building is terracotta that has been decorated with medallions on agricultural themes.
The market was designed with modern (for the period) ideas of efficiency. The main floor, covering , was devoted to retail space, and was designed to comfortably handle 4,500 customers. The basement and second floor were storage space, arranged so that supplies were located near their retail points on the main floor. These areas were connected to the main floor by elevators, eliminating the need for delivery vehicles to move in customer aisles.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18799237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799237" title="Bogda">
Bogda

Bogda (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Altringen, Bogda, Buzad, Charlottenburg, Comeat and Sintar.

</doc>
<doc id="18799243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799243" title="Boldur">
Boldur

Boldur is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Boldur, Jabăr, Ohaba-Forgaci and Sinersig.
Near Boldur, there is a medium-wave transmitter, which works on 756 kHz and uses an antenna consisting of 2220 metres-tall guyed masts.

</doc>
<doc id="18799244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799244" title="Maxim Semyonov">
Maxim Semyonov

Maxim Petrovich Semyonov (; born February 9, 1984) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for Barys Astana in the KHL. He participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team.
Playing career.
Maxim Semyonov is a Kazakhstan native who got his start in big hockey as a 19-year-old skating for Lada Togliatti of the Russian Superleague during the 2003-04 season. The young player stuck in the lineup and was drafted by the Toronto Maple Leafs with the 220th overall selection of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
During the 2005-06 season, Semyonov moved to play for Khimik Moscow Oblast and remained with the team when it was adopted into the Kontinental Hockey League in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18799246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799246" title="Bethausen">
Bethausen

Bethausen is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Bethausen, Cladova, Cliciova, Cutina, Leucușești and Nevrincea.

</doc>
<doc id="18799248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799248" title="Banloc">
Banloc

Banloc is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Banloc, Ofsenița, Partoș and Soca.

</doc>
<doc id="18799250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799250" title="Bara, Timiș">
Bara, Timiș

Bara () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bara, Dobrești ("Dobrosd"), Lăpușnic ("Bégalaposnok"), Rădmănești ("Radmanóc") and Spata ("Bégapata").

</doc>
<doc id="18799255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799255" title="Bârna">
Bârna

Bârna is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bârna, Botești, Botinești, Drinova, Jurești, Pogănești and Sărăzani.

</doc>
<doc id="18799258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799258" title="Patriotic Nigras">
Patriotic Nigras

The Patriotic Nigras (also known by the initialism PN) are a group of griefers in the online world of "Second Life".
While the PN are known mainly for the disruption of "Second Life" and its users, they have also established themselves on the video sharing website YouTube, where they have posted videos of their activities including server raids. Their method of attack ranges from trolling a group or individual to the manipulation of the in-game scripting engine, where they perform such activities as showering their targets with boxes covered in internet memes and shock images. These boxes then produce storms of graphical particles that block the victim's vision. They have also created avatars similar to those of the residents being harassed and destroyed them in gruesome ways to simulate a virtual death. The Patriotic Nigras have also caused the crashing of several "Second Life" regions (or "simulators") by using self-replicating objects that overload the processing power of the computer running them.
Properly characterizing the Patriotic Nigras has proven difficult for critics and researchers who have observed their activities from within their raids and from afar. The group has been described as a nonpolitical online terrorist group whose central motivation is described by the term "lulz". Others have identified quasi-political motivations such as the effort to hinder the entry of corporations into Second Life, and yet others have identified their activities as nihilistic or even agonistic online branches of the political avant-garde. The DHRA has also described them as a prime example of online criminal gang culture including spillover effects into real life gang activity. The group has been linked to internet group, Anonymous as both a sub-group and an early progenitor iteration. They have been described as /b/tards (a group affiliated with 4chan), members of SomethingAwful.com, and as an offspring of the W-Hats griefer group (itself an offshoot of the Goons). The PN make casual use of racist, sexist, and homophobic terminology which some researchers dismiss as a joke and which others have identified as problematic and troubling.
Whatever the true character and affiliations of the group, it has provoked commentary by critics and internet culture writers since its formation in 2005, and it has been listed as one of the central figures in the griefer culture of Second Life. Membership in the group has ranged from 35 members in 2007 up to a rough 200 at their peak in mid-2011.
History.
Habbo Hotel.
The origin of the Patriotic Nigras has been traced by cyber-rights researcher Peter Ludlow to the /b/ imageboard of the website 4chan where board members decided in late 2005 to "raid" Habbo Hotel, a popular avatar-based social networking game. The raid took the form of numerous black presenting avatars with outsize afros and Armani suits blocking access to the virtual pool and telling other users that "the pool is closed because of AIDS." From this raid, according to Ludlow, emerged the Patriotic Nigras and their Internet meme slogan, "Pool's Closed."
The success of the first raid has led the Patriotic Nigras to perform raids on the Habbo Hotel during subsequent years. The 2006 anniversary raid was organized at the /i/ imageboard of the website 7chan. The format of these raids is always the same with the use of avatars that look like black men with afros, and the group sometimes forms offensive images with the avatars such as swastikas.
Second Life.
The Second Life phase of the group's activities began in early 2006 when an anonymous user known as "Mudkips Acronym" reposted on 4chan a question originally posed at eBaum's World regarding whether or not Second Life "was raidable." There were 143 Patriotic Nigras members as of September 2007, of which around 35–60 were active. The response to "Mudkips Acronym"'s challenge was rapid and the group soon established itself as a fixture on Second Life. As of 2008, the Patriotic Nigras were said to operate hundreds, if not thousands, of Second Life accounts.
By mid-2006, a number of Second Life users had had enough of the PN's antics and a Second Life member named "Kalel Venkman" formed a counter-griefer vigilante group named the Justice League Unlimited. With avatars donning the skins of superheroes like Superman and Wonder Woman, the Justice League Unlimited established monitors in many areas of Second Life and zealously reported any untoward behavior to the Linden Lab administrators. The zeal with which they executed their duties, however, proved to be problematic and they were soon banned from areas such as FurNation for excessive vigilantism. According to cyber-rights researcher, Peter Ludlow, the Justice League Unlimited's anti-PN efforts also became problematic as the close association between 4chan users and Patriotic Nigras led to the unwarranted harassment of many users who were 4channers only and not members of the PN.
In February 2007, the group gained media coverage after an attack on the Second Life headquarters of politician John Edwards in which the Patriotic Nigras attacked with their avatars bearing "Bush 08" buttons and defaced Edwards's structure with feces, Marxist/Leninist posters, and obscenity. They also received coverage for an earlier attack on a room where Second Life user Anshe Chung was being interviewed about her claims to have made the 'virtual property' equivalent of over one million dollars off the game. The room was invaded by flying penises. This incident was also attributed to the "Room 101" group.
The Patriotic Nigras were at first tolerated by the producers of Second Life, Linden Lab, but after the John Edwards attack they began to crack down and now take efforts to find and ban griefers on sight. To fight back, the Patriotic Nigras found ways to bypass the bans Linden Lab typically employs. New Media critics have described the Patriotic Nigras' antagonistic relationship with Linden Lab as arising in reaction to the company's player-monitoring policies (described as part of a broadly Foucaultian institutionalized control apparatus). To further their aims on Second Life, the PN developed a modified Second Life client called ShoopedLife that allowed them to bypass many of the hardware-banning methods typically used by Linden Lab to prevent persistent griefers from accessing Second Life. Reacting against this, the Justice League Unlimited formed close associations with Linden Lab administrators, going so far as to monitor when administrators were available for contact so that griefing could be rapidly halted.
As Patriotic Nigras countermeasures intensified the situation, Justice League Unlimited suspicions concerning Patriotic Nigras connections to 4chan deepened and Second Life players received bans for nothing more than their association with 4chan. This finally culminated in the closing of Woodbury University's virtual campus, and led thereafter to an escalation of factional maneuvers between the Woodbury group and the Justice League Unlimited who characterized all opponents as PN sympathizers. In a series of multi-directional infiltrations, personal information including the real life names of "Kalel Venkman," several Woodbury group members, writers for The Alphaville Herald, and Patriotic Nigras leader "Mudkips Acronym" was published online. In August 2007, "Mudkips Acronym" resigned in fear that this information would be used to compromise his security, and by mid-2008, the Justice League Unlimited had been disbanded following embarrassing revelations of the nature of their relationship with Linden Lab and their efforts to "dox" Second Lifers suspected of connections to the PNs through the collection of extensive dossier-style information.
Following the exit of "Mudkips Acronym," members of the Patriotic Nigras held an election to determine the new leader, which was won by a user known online as "^ban^". According to a griefing publication, "^ban^" resigned after ten months and handed control of the group over to a user known by the screen name "FrizzleFry101". In July 2008, the PN client, ShoopedLife was further modified to utilize the Lua code base to automate specific functions of the regular client. In December 2008, the main developer for ShoopedLife, "N3X15," left the Patriotic Nigras, effectively ending development of the client.

</doc>
<doc id="18799265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799265" title="Bucovăț, Timiș">
Bucovăț, Timiș

Bucovăț is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bazoșu Nou and Bucovăț. Part of Remetea Mare Commune until 2007, it was established as a separate commune in that year.

</doc>
<doc id="18799266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799266" title="Washburn and Moen North Works District">
Washburn and Moen North Works District

The Washburn and Moen North Works District encompass an industrial complex that housed the largest business in Worcester, Massachusetts in the second half of the 19th century. Founded in 1831, Washburn and Moen was an innovating manufacturer of wire and related products, including telegraph wire, barbed wire (for which the company acquired a manufacturing monopoly), which were used in large quantities during America's westward expansion. The company's Grove Street complex was developed in the 1860s and 1870s, and was used all or in part by the company and it successors until 1943. It continues to be used for light industrial manufacturing (including specialty wire products), and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The complex is located north of downtown Worcester, between Grove and Prescott Streets north of Faraday Street. It consists of thirteen brick buildings, the oldest of which was built in 1863. Located at the southern end of the complex, the Cotton Mill manufactured cotton that was used to wrap crinoline wire that was used in hoop skirts. When hoop skirts went out of fashion, the building was converted to produce wire. Originally a three story building, it was raised to four between 1888 and 1892.
Seven buildings were built in 1869 and 1870, representing the major development of the complex. The primary focus of this expansion was the Main Mill, which is long, and the Long Mill, which is . The Main Mill was originally built with three stories and a mansard-roofed fourth, which was raised to a full fourth story c. 1900. The Long Mill was originally 2.5 stories, and was raised to a full three stories in 1880.
Further buildings were built after 1878, and the existing buildings were also added to or otherwise modified, primarily in the years before 1920. The last major addition was an extension on the north end of the Long Mill in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18799272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799272" title="Cărpiniș">
Cărpiniș

Cărpiniș is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cărpiniș and Iecea Mică. It also included Iecea Mare village until it was split off to form a separate commune in 2004.
Name.
In German, it is known as "Gertianosch" or "Gertjanosch", in Hungarian as "Gyertyámos", and in Serbian as Карпиниш / "Karpiniš".
Localization.
Cărpiniș is situated on DN59A at a distance of 27.9 km from Timișoara and 15,3 km from Jimbolia, the closest city. Cărpiniș has a CFR Train station for the line Cărpiniș-Timișoara and Cărpiniș-Ionel.
History.
In year 1387 Cărpiniș is documentary certified. Like in many other villages from Banat, Cărpiniș was colonized by German families from the Habsburg Empire (around the year 1767).
Economy.
Cărpiniș is one of the biggest villages in Timiș County, having a big influence on the economies of the surrounding villages and a clear urban evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18799277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799277" title="Cenei">
Cenei

Cenei is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. 
Name.
In German, it is known as "Tschene", in Hungarian as "Csene", in Croatian as "Hrvatski Čenej", and in Serbian as Ченеј / "Čenej".
Villages.
It is composed of two villages, Bobda (; ; ) and Cenei. It also included Checea village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.
Ethnic groups.
At the 2002 census, 63.6% of inhabitants were Romanians, 12.2% Serbs, 11.9% Roma, 9.1% Hungarians, 1.7% Banat Swabians and 1.4% Croats. 
Religion.
As of 2002, 82.6% were Romanian and Serbian Orthodox, 13.2% Roman Catholic, 1.5% Pentecostal, 0.8% Baptist and 0.5% each Reformed and Greek-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18799279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799279" title="Balinț">
Balinț

Balinț is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Balinț, Bodo, Fădimac and Târgoviște.

</doc>
<doc id="18799284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799284" title="Buffalo, Bradford and Pittsburgh Railroad">
Buffalo, Bradford and Pittsburgh Railroad

The Buffalo, Bradford and Pittsburgh Railroad was formed on February 26, 1859, by the merger of the Buffalo and Pittsburgh Railroad and the Buffalo and Bradford Railroad. The Buffalo, Bradford and Pittsburgh Railroad was leased to the Erie Railroad on January 6, 1866, for period of 499 years. It was most commonly known as the Bradford Branch of the Erie.
The railroad operated about of track in New York and Pennsylvania. The main line ran from Carrollton, NY to Gilesville, PA. The Bradford Branch ran from Bradford to Nusbaum, PA, a distance of about . 

</doc>
<doc id="18799294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799294" title="Alan Wirth">
Alan Wirth

Alan Lee Wirth (born December 8, 1956) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. Wirth pitched in parts of three seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1978 until 1980, for the Oakland Athletics.
Playing career.
Wirth was originally drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 3rd round of the 1974 Major League Baseball Draft. After four seasons in their organization, Wirth was part of one of the most famous trades of 1978, when the Giants traded seven players—Wirth, Gary Alexander, Gary Thomasson, Dave Heaverlo, John Henry Johnson, Phil Huffman, Mario Guerrero—and $300,000 to the A's for pitcher Vida Blue.
Wirth started the 1978 season with Oakland, but was sent to the minors in June. He also split the next two seasons between the major league A's and their minor league Ogden A's farm team. In all, Wirth pitched in 23 games over three seasons for Oakland before being released during spring training in 1981. He was signed by the Seattle Mariners, and spent the 1981 season with their top farm team, the Spokane Indians. After spending the 1982 season in the Baltimore Orioles and Detroit Tigers organizations, he retired.
Personal life.
Wirth's daughter Christina was an All-American basketball player for the Vanderbilt Commodores, and later played one season for the Indiana Fever. His daughter Alana played basketball at Barry University, and a third daughter, Theresa, currently plays for Seton Catholic Preparatory High School, at which both her sisters also played. His son, Joe, played high school soccer for Mountain View and now plays for Scottsdale Community College.

</doc>
<doc id="18799308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799308" title="Dooradoyle">
Dooradoyle

Dooradoyle (Irish: "Tuar an Daill") is a suburban district of the city of Limerick in Ireland. The area is also the administrative centre of County Limerick with the headquarters of Limerick County Council located in the area. It is part of the Ecclesiastical parish of St Paul in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Limerick. St Paul's was created in 1971, having formerly been part of the parish of Mungret - Raheen - Crecora.
The name Dooradoyle () means "Bleach-green of the blind man". A bleach-green was a stretch of grass set aside for the drying and bleaching of linen.
Dooradoyle is a rapidly growing, predominantly middle-class suburb of Limerick that was largely built since the 1960s. Several attempts have been made by Limerick City Council to expand its area of control to include Castletroy, Raheen, and Dooradoyle: all currently administered by Limerick County Council. It is located south west of Limerick City on the R526 road (formerly the main N20 route), also called the St Nessan Road. The suburb is now bypassed by the M20 motorway to the south. Limerick County Council have their headquarters located here in a state of the art facility next to the Crescent Shopping Centre, the largest shopping centre in Ireland outside of Dublin. Limerick's largest cinema with 12 screens (the Omniplex) is also located on the site of the Crescent Shopping Centre.
Education.
Primary
Secondary

</doc>
<doc id="18799312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799312" title="Odd Fellows' Home (Worcester, Massachusetts)">
Odd Fellows' Home (Worcester, Massachusetts)

Odd Fellows' Home is a historic house at 40 Randolph Road in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The home was built in 1890 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18799313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799313" title="Giulvăz">
Giulvăz

Giulvăz (; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Crai Nou ("Belsőmajor"), Giulvăz, Ivanda ("Ivánd"; Иванда) and Rudna (Rudna; Рудна).

</doc>
<doc id="18799315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799315" title="Hetley Price">
Hetley Price

Educated at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge he was ordained in 1945. His first post was as Curate at "St Michael and All Angels", Bournemouth, after which he was Domestic Chaplain to the Bishop of Manchester. He was then successively Secretary to the SCM; Rector of Didsbury; a Canon Residentiary at Manchester Cathedral and, his final post before elevation to the episcopate, Archdeacon of Manchester. He died, following complications brought on by a stroke, in March 1977. His son Simon Price (1954–2011) became a historian of ancient Roman religion.

</doc>
<doc id="18799322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799322" title="Giera">
Giera

Giera is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Giera, Grăniceri and Toager.

</doc>
<doc id="18799324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799324" title="Giarmata">
Giarmata

Giarmata (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cerneteaz ("Csernegyház") and Giarmata.

</doc>
<doc id="18799327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799327" title="Ghizela">
Ghizela

Ghizela is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ghizela, Hisiaș, Paniova and Șanovița.

</doc>
<doc id="18799328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799328" title="Ghilad">
Ghilad

Ghilad ( or "Kilatt"; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gad and Ghilad. These were part of Ciacova Commune until 2004, when they were split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18799329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799329" title="Gavojdia">
Gavojdia

Gavojdia (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Gavojdia, Jena ("Zséna"), Lugojel ("Lugoshely") and Sălbăgel ("Szilváshely").

</doc>
<doc id="18799333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799333" title="Fibiș">
Fibiș

Fibiș (; or "Fibis") is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Fibiș, part of Mașloc Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18799335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799335" title="Fibis">
Fibis

Fibis or FIBIS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799336" title="Western Australian state election, 1983">
Western Australian state election, 1983

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 19 February 1983 to elect all 57 members to the Legislative Assembly and 18 members to the 34-seat Legislative Council. 
The three-term Liberal-National Country coalition government, led by Premier Ray O'Connor since 25 January 1982 (after the retirement of Sir Charles Court) was defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Brian Burke since 10 September 1981.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18799339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799339" title="Fârdea">
Fârdea

Fârdea is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Drăgșinești, Fârdea, Gladna Montană, Gladna Română, Hăuzești, Mâtnicu Mic and Zolt.

</doc>
<doc id="18799344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799344" title="Dumbrava, Timiș">
Dumbrava, Timiș

Dumbrava is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bucovăț, Dumbrava and Răchita.

</doc>
<doc id="18799351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799351" title="Denta">
Denta

Denta is a commune in Timiş County, Romania.
Villages.
The commune is composed of four villages: Breștea, Denta, Rovinița Mare and Rovinița Mică.
Breștea (Banat Bulgarian: "Brešćа", ) was founded in 1842 by around 110 families of Roman Catholic Banat Bulgarians from Dudeștii Vechi ("Stár Bišnov").
In the 1880s, a part of the Bulgarian population returned to Bulgaria to found the village of Bardarski Geran. In 1869, 1,191 Bulgarians lived in the village, and in 1880 their number was 1,087. In the following years, the population was distributed as follows:
The total population in 1941 was 914. In 1930, 93.2% of the population was Bulgarian, and in 1956, 96.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="18799353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799353" title="Curtea">
Curtea

Curtea () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Coșava ("Kossó"), Curtea and Homojdia ("Homapatak").

</doc>
<doc id="18799356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799356" title="Criciova">
Criciova

Criciova is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cireșu, Cireșu Mic, Criciova and Jdioara.

</doc>
<doc id="18799358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799358" title="Coșteiu">
Coșteiu

Coșteiu is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Coșteiu, Hezeriș, Păru, Țipari and Valea Lungă Română.

</doc>
<doc id="18799364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799364" title="Robert Munroe House">
Robert Munroe House

The Robert Munroe House is a historic house at 37 Walnut Street in Somerville, Massachusetts.
It was built in 1849 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799365" title="2009 World Cup">
2009 World Cup

2009 World Cup can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799366" title="Paulus Ali Nuumbembe">
Paulus Ali Nuumbembe

Paulus Ali Nuumbembe (born 24 June 1978 in Oshakati, Oshana Region, Namibia) is a Namibian welterweight boxer. Nicknamed "The Silent Assassin", Nuumbembe is a former Commonwealth champion who represented Namibia at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Rise to Prominence.
Nuumbembe came to prominence in April 2005, when he fought to a points draw with undefeated British Champion David Barnes in a challenge for the vacant WBO Inter-Continental welterweight title.
Commonwealth title.
The biggest moment of his career came when he earned a points victory over Scotland's unbeaten Kevin Anderson to win the Commonwealth Welterweight title. 
He was the first Commonwealth Champion from Namibia.
Return to Namibia.
Nuumbembe lost the title due to a cut, against Craig Watson on December 8th 2007. 
In 2008, after spending much of his boxing life in Britain, Nuumbembe made the decision to move back to Namibia. He has since gone on to win the WBA Pan African welterweight title and Namibian Title.
Nuumembe is now a Major in the Namibian Defence Force and is currently training their boxers.

</doc>
<doc id="18799368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799368" title="Nădrag">
Nădrag

Nădrag ( or "Steinacker"; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages: Crivina () and Nădrag.

</doc>
<doc id="18799376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799376" title="Moșnița Nouă">
Moșnița Nouă

Moșnița Nouă (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania, founded in 1902 by ethnic Hungarian settlers from Békés County and Szentes. It is composed of five villages: Albina ("Bródpuszta"), Moșnița Nouă, Moșnița Veche ("Mosnica"), Rudicica ("Ruzicskatelep") and Urseni ("Magyarmedves").

</doc>
<doc id="18799383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799383" title="Moravița">
Moravița

Moravița is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dejan, Gaiu Mic, Moravița and Stamora Germană.

</doc>
<doc id="18799385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799385" title="S. E. Brackett House">
S. E. Brackett House

The S. E. Brackett House is a historic house at 63 Columbus Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts. The three story wood frame building was constructed c. 1880, and is one of the most elaborate Second Empire houses in the city. The house is roughly square in shape, with a central projecting section on the front facade that rises a full three stories and is topped by a mansard-style fourth floor. On the first floor, the central section is flanked by projecting bay windows with decorative surrounds and modillioned cornices. The front facade is in a flush-boarded wood finished designed to simulate stone. The roof line below the mansard roof has an extended eave with single and paired brackets on the sides. The house was built for S. E. Brackett, a local merchant, and was located at a desirable corner of a subdivision laid out in 1870.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799387" title="Baden Masters">
Baden Masters

The Baden Masters is an annual curling tournament, held in early September in Baden, Switzerland. It is the first curling tournament of the Curling Champions Tour season. It was first held in 2000 and it became a CCT event in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="18799389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799389" title="Mănăștiur">
Mănăștiur

Mănăștiur is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Mănăștiur, Pădurani, Remetea-Luncă and Topla.

</doc>
<doc id="18799391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799391" title="Luo Wen-jia">
Luo Wen-jia

Luo Wen-jia (; Hakka: Lò Vùn-kâ; born January 1, 1966), a Taiwanese politician, was born in Sinwu, Taoyuan. Luo is a member of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), he once served as an assistant to Chen Shui-bian, a national legislator at that time. After Chen elected as the mayor of Taipei, Luo became the spokesman of city government. In 1999, Luo started to occupy the chair of Department of Propaganda of DPP.
After Chen became the president of Republic of China (ROC), Luo transferred to the vice-chair of Council for Cultural Affairs of central government. In 2001, Luo joined the legislative election and was elected as a legislator. He was subsequently appointed as the chair of Council for Hakka Affairs in 2004. Than he joined the election of magistrate of Taipei County in 2005, but lost to Chou Hsi-wei, the candidate of Kuomintang (KMT). Luo joined the legislative election again in 2008, but defeated by Lee Ching-An.

</doc>
<doc id="18799394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799394" title="Mașloc">
Mașloc

Mașloc (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Alioș ("Aliosch"; "Temesillésd"), Mașloc and Remetea Mică ("Königshof"; "Németremete"). It also included Fibiș until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18799397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799397" title="Margina">
Margina

Margina is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Breazova, Bulza, Coșevița, Coșteiu de Sus, Groși, Margina, Nemeșești, Sintești and Zorani.

</doc>
<doc id="18799398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799398" title="Samuel Gaut House">
Samuel Gaut House

The Samuel Gaut House is a historic house at 137 Highland Avenue in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story wood frame house was built c. 1855 for Samuel Gaut, a baker, and is a well preserved example of a typical Italianate house. It is three bays wide with a typical Italianate center gable, which is studded with brackets and has a trefoil window in the peak. The side gables have round-arch windows, and the building is topped by an octagonal cupola with a belled finial.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799400" title="Lovrin">
Lovrin

Lovrin () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Lovrin. It also included three other villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Gottlob and Tomnatic Communes.
Lovrin has a population of 3,752. The commune itself is a significant railway junction served by local railway lines radiating in five directions. It is an agro-industrial and urban centre for the surrounding region. Until 1990-1991 the majority of inhabitants were of German descent but emigration has significantly reduced the numbers of Banat Swabians.

</doc>
<doc id="18799403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799403" title="Livezile, Timiș">
Livezile, Timiș

Livezile ("Tolvadia" until 1968; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania, composed of two villages, Dolaț ("Dolatz"; "Dóc") and Livezile. From 1972 to 2006, its villages were part of Banloc Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18799406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799406" title="Al-Jalama, Haifa">
Al-Jalama, Haifa

Al-Jalama () was a Palestinian village about 14 kilometres south-east of Haifa. It was depopulated in 1948.
History.
The village was situated just above Khirbat Asafna. Excavations between 1964 and 1971 showed that the site had been occupied intermittently from the first to the fourth century A.D.
In the British Mandate period in Palestine, the village was classified as a hamlet in the "Palestine Index Gazetteer."
The Palestinian historian Walid Khalidi described the village in 1992: "A military camp occupies the area, which is covered by eucalyptus trees."
In 1948 al-Jalama was depopulated.
Israel currently operates a notorious children's prison at Al-Jalama.

</doc>
<doc id="18799412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799412" title="Liebling, Timiș">
Liebling, Timiș

Liebling (German and Hungarian: "Liebling") is a commune in Timiş County, Romania about 30 km south of Timișoara. It is composed of three villages: Cerna, Iosif and Liebling.
History.
The village was built by German settlers in 1786 during the third great immigration of Germans during this period under Emperor Joseph II and settled with Protestants.
The community name derives from the administrator Baron Nikolaus von Vecsey. Apparently the commissioner of the colony wanted to name the village "Veczehaza" in honour of the Baron. The Baron declined this proposal and replied: ""Nein, er soll Liebling heißen, denn die Protestanten sind meine Lieblinge"." (No, it should be called Liebling , as the Protestants are my favorites.)
In 1880 there were 4,085 people, including 719 ethnic Romanians and 3,318 German-speaking Danube Swabians. In 1926, after the village and region were annexed to the Kingdom of Romania, 16 Romanian families from Translyvania were settled here. By 1941 there were 5,086 people, including 886 Romanians and 4,086 Danube Swabians. However over 2000 people (mostly German speaking) fled the advancing Soviet army on 22 September 1944 with their Pastor Andreas Nagelbach. The Soviets deported over 100 German speakers to work in the USSR where about half died. The Communist regime settled over 2000 Romanians in the empty houses.
According to the 2002 census there were 3,744 people, including 3,362 Romanians and 22 Germans. 
The current Mayor is Ioan Gheorghe Munteanu.
Liebling is about 76 metres above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="18799417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799417" title="Jebel, Timiș">
Jebel, Timiș

Jebel is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Jebel, and also included Pădureni village until 2004, when it was split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18799422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799422" title="Iecea Mare">
Iecea Mare

Iecea Mare is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Iecea Mare, and was part of Cărpiniș Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18799423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799423" title="Samuel Ireland House">
Samuel Ireland House

The Samuel Ireland House is a historic house at 117 Washington in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story vernacular cottage was built c. 1792 by Samuel Ireland, a farmer. It is the oldest documented house in eastern Somerville, and one of the oldest in the city.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799425" title="Ranking of liturgical days in the Roman Rite">
Ranking of liturgical days in the Roman Rite

Ranking of liturgical days in the Roman Rite serves two purposes. The rank indicates some particular points about the manner of celebrating the day: for instance, the Mass of a Solemnity will include recitation of "Gloria in Excelsis" and Creed, that of what is now called in a specific technical sense a Feast will have "Gloria" but not Creed. and a Memorial will have neither. The other purpose is to determine which Mass is to be said when two feasts coincide (or "occur") on the one day, as well as when a feast falls on a Sunday or certain other privileged days.
Each day in the Catholic liturgical calendar has a rank. The five basic ranks are as follows:
Feast days.
The ranking of feast days of saints and of Christian mysteries such as the Ascension of the Lord, which had grown from an original division between doubles and simples developed into a more complicated hierarchy of "Simple", "Semidouble", and "Double", with feast days of the Double Rite further divided into "Double of the I Class", "Double of the II Class", "Greater Double" or "Major Double", and "Double", in order of descending rank.
What the original meaning of the term "double" may have been is not entirely certain. Some think that the greater festivals were thus styled because the antiphons before and after the psalms were "doubled", i.e. twice repeated entire on these days. Others, with more probability, point to the fact that before the ninth century in certain places, for example at Rome, it was customary on the greater feast days to recite two sets of Matins, the one of the feria or week-day, the other of the festival. Hence such days were known as "doubles".
The Catholic Encyclopedia of 1907 shows the incremental crowding of the calendar with the following table based on the official revisions of the Roman Breviary in 1568, 1602, 1631 and 1882, and on the situation in 1907.
In 1907, when, in accordance with the rules in force since the time of Pope Pius V, feast days of any form of double, if impeded by "occurrence" (falling on the same day) with a feast day of higher class, were transferred to another day, this classification of feast days was of great practical importance for deciding which feast day to celebrate on any particular day. Pope Pius X simplified matters considerably in his 1911 reform of the Roman Breviary. In the case of occurrence the lower-ranking feast day could become a commemoration within the celebration of the higher-ranking one. Further retouches were made by Pope Pius XII in 1955, Pope John XXIII in 1962, and Pope Paul VI in 1969.
On ferias and many feast days of simple rank, the celebrant was permitted to substitute a Mass of his own choice such as a votive Mass, or a Mass for the dead.
Before the reform of Pope St Pius X in 1911, ordinary Doubles took precedence over most of the semidouble Sundays, resulting in many of the Sunday Masses rarely being said. While retaining the semidouble rite for Sundays, the reform permitted only the most important feast days to be celebrated on Sunday, although commemorations were still made until the reform of 1960.
The division into doubles (of various kinds) semidoubles and simples continued until 1955, when Pope Pius XII abolished the rank of semidouble, making all the previous semidoubles simples, and reducing the previous simples to a mere commemoration in the Mass of another feast day or of the feria on which they fell.
Then, in 1960, Pope John XXIII completely ended the ranking of feast days by doubles etc., replacing it by a ranking, applied not only to feast days but to all liturgical days, as I, II, III, and IV class days.
The 1969 revision by Pope Paul VI divided feast days into "solemnities", "feasts" and "memorials", corresponding approximately to Pope John XXIII's I, II and III class feast days. Commemorations were abolished both as a rank of liturgical day and as the addition of a second presidential prayers after the day's Collect, Prayer over the Offerings, and Prayer after Communion at Mass. While some of the memorials are considered obligatory, others are optional, permitting a choice on some days between two or three memorials, or between one or more memorials and the celebration of the feria. On a day to which no obligatory celebration is assigned, the Mass may be of any saint mentioned in the Roman Martyrology for that day. This allows priests more flexibility in their celebration of mass, since they are now permitted to choose between the memorial masses of saints on most days of the year. Before the reforms there was always only one memorial and one text for mass per day, with lesser saints' days being merely commemorated, their own separate masses having frequently fallen into disuse and only the collect, secret and postcommunion remaining in the missal.
The developments in the ranking of feasts according to the Roman Breviary's calendar can be summarised thus:
Sundays.
Pope John XXIII's Code of Rubrics divided Sundays into two classes. Sundays of the I class were the four of Advent, the four of Lent, the two of Passiontide, Easter Sunday, Low Sunday, and Pentecost. No feast whatsoever could replace the celebration of these Sundays, with the sole exception of the feast of the Immaculate Conception. All other Sundays were of II class, and outranked feasts of II class, with the exception that feasts of the Lord, whether I or II class, replaced celebration of a II class Sunday on which they happened to fall.
The 1955 reform of Pope Pius XII did not have this division of Sundays into classes. Instead it laid down that the Sundays of Advent and Lent and those that follow up to Low Sunday, and also Pentecost Sunday, are celebrated as doubles of the first class, and outrank all feasts; but when feasts of the first class occur on the second, third or fourth Sunday of Advent, masses of the Feast are permitted. Sundays previously celebrated in the semi-double rite were raised to the double rite. A feast of our Lord occurring on a Sunday "per annum" was to take the place of the Sunday.
Ferias.
In addition to his division of festal days and Sundays, Pope John XXIII introduced a division of ferias into four classes:
Before that, ferias were either "major" or "minor". The major, which must have at least a commemoration, even on the highest feasts, were those of Advent and Lent, the Ember days, and the Monday of Rogation week; the others were called minor. Of the major ferias Ash Wednesday and the days of Holy Week were privileged, so that their office must be taken, no matter what feast might occur.
Ember days are four separate sets of three days within the same week — specifically, the Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday — roughly equidistant in the circuit of the year, that were formerly set aside for fasting and prayer. These days set apart for special prayer and fasting were considered especially suitable for the ordination of clergy. The Ember Days are known in Latin as "quatuor tempora" (the "four seasons"), or "jejunia quatuor temporum" ("fasts of the four seasons"). They occur in the weeks between the third and fourth Sundays of Advent, between the first and second Sundays of Lent, between Pentecost and Trinity Sunday, and beginning the first Wednesday after the Exaltation of the Holy Cross (September 14), which is between the liturgical third and fourth Sundays of September.
Rogation Days are, in the calendar of the Western Church, four days traditionally set apart for solemn processions to invoke God's mercy. They are April 25, the Major Rogation (or Greater Litanies), coinciding with St. Mark's Day (but transferred to the following Tuesday if they fell on Easter); and the three days preceding Ascension Thursday, the Minor Rogations (or Lesser Litanies). These are indicated below in the main body of the calendar and in the Movable Feasts section.
Vigils.
In early times, every feast had a vigil, but the increase in the number of feasts and abuses connected with the evening and night service of which the vigils originally consisted, led to their diminishment. Nevertheless, the Roman Rite kept many more vigils than other Latin liturgical rites such as the Ambrosian Rite and the Mozarabic Rite, and if they fell on a Sunday transferred them to the previous Saturday.
In the Tridentine Calendar, there were initially seventeen vigils (excluding The Vigil of Easter on Holy Saturday morning), divided into "major vigils" and "minor" or "common vigils". Christmas, the Epiphany and Pentecost comprised the major vigils. The common vigils included the Ascension of Our Lord, Saint John the Baptist, the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary and All Saints. Most feasts of the Apostles also had vigils, namely Saints Andrew, Thomas, James, Simon and Jude. Whilst the vigils of the Immaculate Conception, Saints Peter and Paul, Saint Lawrence, Saint Bartholomew and Saint Matthew remained, they soon came to be impeded by higher-ranking feasts added to the calendar, and they were instead commemorated as part of other masses rather than observed in their own right. The Vigil of St. Matthias was unique, in that it was normally commemorated on 23 February, the feast of St. Peter Damian, but in leap years was kept on 24 February, the leap day of the Roman calendar.
Pope Pius XII divided Vigils into only two classes: "privileged vigils" (Christmas and Pentecost) and "common vigils" (Ascension of Our Lord, Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint John the Baptist, Saints Peter and Paul, Saint Lawrence). All other vigils, even those in local calendars, were suppressed. The vigils of Saints Peter and Paul and Saint Lawrence, however, continued to be impeded by higher-ranking feasts.
In Pope John XXIII' s 1960 Code or Rubrics, Vigils were divided into three classes. The Easter Vigil was left out of the calculations, being celebrated in a different way from that of other Vigils. The Vigils of Christmas and Pentecost were of the I class, and took precedence over any feast. The II class Vigils were those of the Ascension of Our Lord, the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Saint John the Baptist, and Saints Peter and Paul; they took precedence over liturgical days of III or IV class. There was only one III class Vigil, that of Saint Lawrence, which had precedence only over IV class liturgical days.
Octaves.
The Tridentine Calendar had many octaves, without any indication in the calendar itself of distinction of rank between them, apart from the fact that the Octave Day (the final day of the octave) was ranked higher than the days within the octave. Several octaves overlapped, so that, for instance, on 29 December the prayer of the saint of the day, Saint Thomas Becket, was followed by the prayers of Christmas Day, of Saint Stephen, of Saint John the Evangelist and of the Holy Innocents. The situation remained such until the reform of Pope Pius X.
To cut down on the monotony of repeating the same prayers in Mass and Office every day for eight days, Pope Pius X classified the octaves as "privileged", "common" or "simple"
The privileged octaves were of three "ranks". The first rank belonged to Easter and Pentecost (permitting no feast to be celebrated during them, or even to be commemorated until Tuesday Vespers), the second to Epiphany and Corpus Christi (the Octave Day ranked as a Greater Double, the days within the octave as semidoubles, giving way only to Doubles of the I Class, and on the Octave day itself only to a Double of the I class which was celebrated in the entire Church), the third rank to Christmas, the Ascension, and the Sacred Heart (these gave way to any feast above the level of Simple).
The common octaves were those of the Immaculate Conception, the Assumption, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, the Solemnity of St. Joseph, Saints Peter and Paul, and All Saints, as well as, locally, the principal patron saint of a church, cathedral, order, town, diocese, province, or nation. These too gave way to any feast above the level of Simple. the difference between them and privileged octaves of third rank concerned which Psalms were said in the Divine Office.
The simple octaves were those of Saint Stephen, Saint John the Evangelist, the Holy Innocents, Saint Lawrence, the Nativity of Mary and, locally, secondary patrons. These were all Doubles of the II class, their Octave day was a Simple and, in contrast to the situation before Pope Pius X, their Mass was not repeated on the days within the octave.
In Pope Pius XII's reform, only the octaves of Christmas, Easter and Pentecost were kept. The days within the Easter and Pentecost octaves were raised to double rite, had precedence over all feasts, and did not admit commemorations.

</doc>
<doc id="18799426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799426" title="Gottlob, Timiș">
Gottlob, Timiș

Gottlob is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Gottlob and Vizejdia. These were part of Lovrin Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
Etymology.
The commune's name is of German origin, with the meaning of "Praise to the Lord".
History.
The village was founded between 1770 and 1773 and entailed 203 houses. The Catholic parish was also founded in 1773. The majority of the population was Catholic until the 1940s.
Until 1967 Gottlob was a commune, but due to the dwindling population it was demoted to village level without its own administration and incorporated in the Lovrin commune. In 2003 Gottlob received again commune status and has since elected its own mayor.
The Germans (Banat Swabians) formed until 1940 the majority of Gottlob's population (1910: 91%). After the war, the ethnic composition of the local residents changed decisively - the number of German residents fell from 1,836 in 1910 to 875 in 1977, representing only 38% of the residents. This trend has continued and led to a number of only 160 Germans in 1991 and 98 in February 1996. Main reasons are the migration to Germany either immediately after the Second World War or during the Communist regime. Another wave of emigration took place after the opening of borders at the beginning of the 1990s.
The exodus of residents left Gottlob to the situation where only one in three or four houses is inhabited.
Until 1992, Gottlob had a German school and a German kindergarten, but they were closed due to lack of pupils. The Romanian school in the village remained the sole institution responsible for education.
The local church was built in 1867 and lavishly decorated through donations by the rich congregations of the village. The ceiling paintings and the altar were cared of for well over a hundred years. Several sculptures of saints have been specially cared of by local families, which constituted a special honor. Parts of the church furnishings were stolen or destroyed during the 1990s. A renovation of the exterior facade succeeded the late 1990s by donations from Germany.
In 1994 a memorial stone was unveiled in the local cemetery. The inscription on the memorial stone reads:
Gottlob today.
Nowadays the Romanian majority shapes Gottlob's cultural image. The first church consecration was held on 3 November 1996 and was accompanied by a costumed parade.
The former state-owned "station for the mechanization of agriculture" (SMA) was divided after 1989 into several companies who farm the land of the village and neighboring communes. The old premises of the station fell into disrepair.
The medical care of the residents deteriorated in 2003 when the village doctor resigned and devoted himself to agriculture because it is a more lucrative business.

</doc>
<doc id="18799436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799436" title="Peciu Nou">
Peciu Nou

Peciu Nou (; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Diniaș ("Torontáldinnyés"; Дињаш), Peciu Nou and Sânmartinu Sârbesc ("Szerbszentmárton"; Српски Семартон).
At the 2002 census, 75.6% of inhabitants were Romanians, 18.5% Serbs, 2.3% Hungarians, 1.6% Ukrainians, 1.1% Germans and 0.9% Roma. 87.1% were Romanian and Serbian Orthodox, 5.9% Pentecostal, 3.4% Roman Catholic and 1.6% Greek-Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18799438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799438" title="Pădureni, Timiș">
Pădureni, Timiș

Pădureni is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Pădureni. It was part of Jebel Commune before being split off in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18799439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799439" title="Susan Russell House">
Susan Russell House

The Susan Russell House is a historic house at 58 Sycamore Street in Somerville, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story Greek Revival cottage is estimated to have been built in the 1830s, based a stylistic analysis. It is a rare survivor of a style that was once common in Somerville. Its principal surviving Greek Revival element is its door surround. It was a scene of 3 brutal murders in its first 70 years and has since been regarded as one of Massachusetts' most haunted houses.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799444" title="Parța">
Parța

Parța is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Parța, and was part of Şag commune until 2004. At the 2011 census, 84.8% were Romanians, 5.8% Hungarians, 4.7% Roma and 2.1% Germans. 52.4% were Romanian Orthodox, 22.9% Greek-Catholic, 11.9% Pentecostal and 8.6% Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18799445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799445" title="Ernst Büchner">
Ernst Büchner

Ernst Büchner (1850–1924) is the German industrial chemist for whom the Büchner flask and Büchner funnel are named. The patent for his two inventions was published in 1888. Ernst was the nephew of the playwright Georg Büchner and the philosopher, physiologist, and physician Ludwig Büchner.

</doc>
<doc id="18799452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799452" title="The Grandview">
The Grandview

The Grandview is a historic apartment hotel at 82 Munroe Street in Somerville, Massachusetts. Completed in 1896 by city alderman Elbridge Park, the 3.5 story wood frame building has commanding views of the Boston area from its site near the top of Prospect Hill. It was one of a significant number of transient apartment houses built in the city at the time, and has retained much of its Colonial Revival ornamentation.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18799453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799453" title="Orțișoara">
Orțișoara

Orțișoara (until 1924 "Cocota"; ; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania.
It is composed of four villages: Călacea, Cornești, Orțișoara and Seceani.

</doc>
<doc id="18799457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799457" title="Ohaba Lungă">
Ohaba Lungă

Ohaba Lungă () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dubești ("Dobosd"), Ierșnic ("Jerce"), Ohaba Lungă and Ohaba Română ("Rácszabadi").

</doc>
<doc id="18799473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799473" title="Periam">
Periam

Periam is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Periam, and also included Pesac until it broke off as a separate commune in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18799475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799475" title="Pesac">
Pesac

Pesac is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. Part of Periam Commune until 2007, it is composed of a single village, Pesac.

</doc>
<doc id="18799478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799478" title="Remetea Mare">
Remetea Mare

Remetea Mare () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ianova ("Temesjenő") and Remetea Mare.

</doc>
<doc id="18799483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799483" title="Satchinez">
Satchinez

Satchinez is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bărăteaz, Hodoni and Satchinez.
Ethnic groups.
As of 2002, the population included:
Religion.
As of 2002, the population included:

</doc>
<doc id="18799487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799487" title="Valeri Klimov (ice hockey)">
Valeri Klimov (ice hockey)

Valeri Klimov is the product of the HC Spartak Moscow hockey system. The young defenseman spent several seasons with the club and was also on several occasions a member of Russia's U18 and U20 national teams. The New Jersey Devils selected him late in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft with the 282nd overall pick, making him the last Russian selected that year. Since being drafted, Klimov has made his Super League debut with HC Spartak during the 2005-06 season. But when the club disintegrated during the summer of 2006, the young defenseman signed a tryout contract with HC Khimik, and spent the 2006-07 season in that club's system.

</doc>
<doc id="18799490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799490" title="Pietroasa, Timiș">
Pietroasa, Timiș

Pietroasa () is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Crivina de Sus ("Felsőgörbed"), Fărășești ("Forrásfalva"), Pietroasa and Poieni ("Ruszkatő").

</doc>
<doc id="18799493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799493" title="Pișchia">
Pișchia

Pișchia (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bencecu de Jos ("Alsóbencsek"), Bencecu de Sus ("Deutschbentschek"; "Felsőbencsek"), Murani ("Temesmurány"), Pișchia and Sălciua Nouă.

</doc>
<doc id="18799496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799496" title="Racovița, Timiș">
Racovița, Timiș

Racovița is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Căpăt, Drăgoiești, Ficătar, Hitiaș, Racovița and Sârbova.

</doc>
<doc id="18799504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799504" title="Sacoșu Turcesc">
Sacoșu Turcesc

Sacoșu Turcesc is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Berini, Icloda, Otvești, Sacoșu Turcesc, Stamora Română, Uliuc and Unip.

</doc>
<doc id="18799507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799507" title="Louise Penny">
Louise Penny

Louise Penny (born 1958) is a Canadian author of mystery novels set in the Canadian province of Quebec centred on the work of Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec. Penny's first career was as a radio broadcaster for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. After she turned to writing, she won numerous awards for her work, including the Agatha Award for best mystery novel of the year for four consecutive years (2007–2010) and the Anthony Award for two novels. Her novels have been published in 23 languages.
Early life and career with CBC.
Penny was born in Toronto in 1958. Her mother was an avid reader of both fiction and non-fiction, with a particular liking for crime fiction,
and Louise grew up reading mystery writers such as Agatha Christie, Georges Simenon, Dorothy L. Sayers, and Michael Innes.
Penny earned a Bachelor of Applied Arts (Radio and Television) from Ryerson Polytechnical Institute (now Ryerson University) in 1979. After graduation, at age 21, she embarked on an 18-year career as a radio host and journalist with the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. At the start of her broadcasting career, Penny took postings at locations far from friends and family, and to help deal with feelings of loneliness and isolation, she increasingly turned to alcohol. At age 35, she admitted to an alcohol problem, and has been sober since. Shortly afterward, she met her future husband, Michael Whitehead, head of hematology at Montreal Children's Hospital, on a blind date.
Literary career.
After her marriage, Penny left the CBC to take up writing. Although she started a historical novel, she had difficulty finishing it, and eventually switched to mystery writing. She entered her first novel, "Still Life", in the "Debut Dagger" competition in the United Kingdom, placing second out of 800 entries. The novel won other awards, including the "New Blood" Dagger award in the United Kingdom, the Arthur Ellis Award in Canada for best first crime novel, the Dilys Award, the Anthony Award and the Barry Award for Best First Novel in the United States.
Penny has published a further seven novels, garnering major crime novel award nominations for almost every one of her novels and subsequently winning several of those awards.
Her oeuvre features Chief Inspector Armand Gamache, head of the homicide department of the Sûreté du Québec. Although set in the province of Quebec, the novels feature many hallmarks of the British whodunit genre, including murders by unconventional means, bucolic villages, large casts of suspects, red herrings, and a dramatic disclosure of the murderer in the last few pages of the book.
In 2009, Penny helped to launch a new award for aspiring Canadian mystery writers, the Unhanged Arthur for Best Unpublished First Novel.
Penny and her husband currently live in Knowlton, a small village in Quebec's Eastern Townships about 100 km from Montreal.
Honours.
In 2013, she was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for her contributions to Canadian culture as an author shining a spotlight on the Eastern Townships of Quebec".
Movie adaptations.
For several years, Penny resisted selling the TV or movie rights to her books, afraid of losing creative control of her characters. However, when approached by PDM Entertainment and Attraction Images and offered a position as executive producer during film production, she changed her mind and agreed to sell them the rights to her first two novels. "Still Life" went into production in the fall of 2012, with British actor Nathaniel Parker cast as Chief Inspector Gamache. The movie will air on CBC TV in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18799508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799508" title="Săcălaz">
Săcălaz

Săcălaz is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Beregsău Mare, Beregsău Mic and Săcălaz.

</doc>
<doc id="18799510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799510" title="Rajeev Masand">
Rajeev Masand

Rajeev Masand (born 1979) is an Indian film critic and entertainment reporter for NOIDA, Uttar Pradesh based English language news-channel CNN-Indian Broadcasting Network (CNN-IBN). He usually reviews Hindi-language films (Bollywood) and major American films released in India in his weekend show "Now Showing".
A graduate from Mumbai University, Masand started reporting at the age of 16 at "The Times of India" newspaper. He later became Assistant Editor at "The Indian Express". In January 2003, he joined STAR News as a Special Correspondent and as the host of "Masand ki Pasand". In 2005, Masand moved to CNN-IBN where he is currently the film critic ("Now Showing") and runs an ongoing video reviews series on CNN-IBN website, "Masand's Verdict". He also became the host CNN-IBN's entertainment series, "To Catch a Star".

</doc>
<doc id="18799514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799514" title="Sânmihaiu Român">
Sânmihaiu Român

Sânmihaiu Român is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Sânmihaiu German, Sânmihaiu Român and Utvin.
Demographics.
Of the 4389 inhabitants in 2002, 4117 Romanians, 131 Hungarians, 66 Germans, 43 Roma and 32 other ethnic groups.
The figure below shows the evolution of the population since 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="18799517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799517" title="Sânpetru Mare">
Sânpetru Mare

Sânpetru Mare ("Greater St. Peter") is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Igriș and Sânpetru Mare. It also included Saravale village until it was split off to form a separate commune in 2004. The village of Sânpetru Mic is in the neighboring commune of Variaș.
References.
Großsanktpeter (in German)

</doc>
<doc id="18799519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799519" title="Lamberti">
Lamberti

Lamberti is a surname of Italian origin. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799525" title="Secaș">
Secaș

Secaș is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Checheș, Crivobara, Secaș, and Vizma.

</doc>
<doc id="18799528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799528" title="Știuca">
Știuca

Știuca ("pike" in Romanian; ; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dragomirești, Oloșag, Știuca and Zgribești.
At the 2011 census, 63.6% of inhabitants were Ukrainians, 35% Romanians and 0.6% Germans. At the 2002 census, 46.9% were Romanian Orthodox, 26% Lipovan Orthodox, 23.1% Pentecostal, 1.3% Baptist and 1.1% Roman Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="18799530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799530" title="Teremia Mare">
Teremia Mare

Teremia Mare is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Nerău, Teremia Mare and Teremia Mică.

</doc>
<doc id="18799533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799533" title="Tomești, Timiș">
Tomești, Timiș

Tomești (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Banat, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Baloșești, Colonia Fabricii, Luncanii de Jos, Luncanii de Sus, Românești and Tomești.
History.
Tomești was first documented in 1597, belonging to Hunedoara County. In 1620 it is mentioned as belonging to the Făget district.

</doc>
<doc id="18799536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799536" title="Branodunum">
Branodunum

Branodunum was the name of an ancient Roman fort to the east of the modern English village of Brancaster in Norfolk. Its Roman name derives from the local Celtic language, and may mean "fort of the raven".
History.
The fort, built in the 230s, became later part of the Saxon Shore fortification system. It was built to guard the Wash approaches and is of a typical rectangular "castrum" layout. According to the 4th-century document "Notitia Dignitatum", the fort was garrisoned by the "Equites Dalmatae Brandodunenses" ("Dalmatian cavalry of Branodunum"), although a tile found on the site stamped "Cohors I Aquitanorum" suggests that its original garrison was the "First cohort from Aquitania". There is possible evidence (burials and grave goods) of later Saxon use of the site.
According to the National Trust notice boards present on the site of the fort, the fort is within a rectangular field to the east of the current village of Brancaster; there is no urban development on the fort's site itself. Urban residential development in the 1970s has covered much of the area to the west of the fort where part of the local 'vicus' (surrounding civilian settlement) was situated.
Location and construction.
The site is bounded by the modern village of Brancaster to the west, and the A149 road to the south. The site is maintained by the National Trust. Free access is possible from the adjoining A149 road or the Norfolk Coastal Walk.
In Roman times, the fort's northern wall lay directly on the seashore, which served as a harbour. Since then, the shoreline has receded, and the fort now lies inland. The fort was of a rectangular shape with rounded corners, with a 10 ft (2.9 m) wide wall with internal turrets at the corners and backed by an earthen rampart, which increased the wall's strength and gave easy access to the battlements. In front of the wall there was a V-shaped single ditch. The wall thus enclosed an area of 2.56 ha. In typical "castrum" fashion, the fort had four gates, one on each side. Evidence of the eastern and western gates and of flanking towers survives. Aerial survey has revealed the existence of several buildings in the fort's interior, including the "principia". A civilian settlement ("vicus") existed on the eastern and northern sides of the fort, which has been dated to the 2nd century AD. Its size would make it one of the largest settlements in the territory of the Iceni tribe. Because the streets of the settlement are not aligned with the layout of the fort, it has been hypothesised that an earlier fort, built of timber, existed at the site, possibly from as early as the revolt of Queen Boudicca in the mid-1st century AD.
The walls still stood up to 12 feet tall (4 metres) in the seventeenth century, but robbing of materials during following centuries means that only the site and the earthworks now remain.
The site provided the subject of a Time Team programme first broadcast in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18799538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799538" title="Tomnatic">
Tomnatic

Tomnatic is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Tomnatic. It was part of Lovrin Commune until 2004, when it was split off.

</doc>
<doc id="18799540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799540" title="Șandra">
Șandra

Șandra is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Șandra and Uihei. These were part of Biled Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References.
Primaria Sandra (Official web site)
Comuna Sandra website

</doc>
<doc id="18799546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799546" title="Șag">
Șag

Șag is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Șag; Parța village broke off as a separate commune in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18799554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799554" title="Brighouse (disambiguation)">
Brighouse (disambiguation)

Brighouse is a town in West Yorkshire, England. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799562" title="José Carlos Guimarães">
José Carlos Guimarães

José Carlos Ribeiro de Carvalho Guimarães aka Zé Carlos (born 9 April 1964 in Luanda) is a former Angolan basketball player and a former coach of the Angola national basketball team. He played as a guard and as a forward. 
He achieved a huge success in his career playing for Portuguese side Benfica, where he won several National Championship and the Cup of Portugal titles, with his fellow countryman Jean-Jacques. Guimarães also lived the dream of playing against the 1992 US Olympic Dream Team and at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He later became assistant coach of the Angola Squad. He served as coach of the Angolan national basketball team from May 2012 to May 2013.
Dismissal as head coach.
On a press conference held on May 31, 2013, Guimarães said he is considering abandoning all basketball-related activity due to the disrespectful manner that some individuals - whom he did not name - handled the case of his dismissal. Guimarães learned of his dismissal, with the announcement by the Angolan Basketball Federation in a previous news conference, of Mr. Paulo Macedo, as the new head coach. "After they let me do all the preparations, summon the players, prepare training camp, they just decided to sack me", he said. Guimarães has been offered, instead, a job as an advisor to the chairman of the Angolan Basketball Federation, Mr. Paulo Madeira, which he declined. The Angolan media, generally agrees that the Federation should have handled Mr. Guimarães' dismissal in a more appropriate way, such as giving him proper notice of his own dismissal.

</doc>
<doc id="18799564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799564" title="Didn't You Used to Be...">
Didn't You Used to Be...

"Didn't You Used to Be..." was the only album David Cassidy released on Scotti Brothers Records. The album was released in 1992. Originally titled, "Didn't You Used to be"?, is David Cassidy's 9th studio album. The album features ten tracks which are all written or co-written by David Cassidy's wife, Sue Shifrin.
The song "I'll Never Stop Loving You" was recorded by Heart on a Japanese special edition bonus CD for their album "Brigade" in 1990, and the following year, by Cher on her album "Love Hurts".
"I'll Never Stop Loving You" was recorded by the rock band Heart and released on a 3 inch limited edition disc with the Japanese red velvet "Brigade" box set, the song was titled "Never Stop Loving You". It was later released by the EMI Japan label for the Heart compilation "Ballads: The Greatest Hits" in 1997 and with the reissue in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18799568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799568" title="Voiteg">
Voiteg

Voiteg (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Folea ("Folia"; "Fólya") and Voiteg.

</doc>
<doc id="18799570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799570" title="Victor Vlad Delamarina, Timiș">
Victor Vlad Delamarina, Timiș

Victor Vlad Delamarina (formerly "Satu Mic") is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Herendești, Honorici, Pădureni, Petroasa Mare, Pini, Victor Vlad Delamarina and Visag.
The commune is the birthplace of poet Victor Vlad Delamarina (1870-1896).

</doc>
<doc id="18799575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799575" title="Vălcani">
Vălcani

Vălcani (; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Vălcani. An independent commune from 1877 to 1968, it was a village of Dudeștii Vechi Commune from that year until 2005, when it again became independent.

</doc>
<doc id="18799581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799581" title="Variaș">
Variaș

Variaș is a commune in Timiş County, Romania.
Name.
In German, it is known as "Warjasch", in Hungarian as "Varjas", and in Serbian as Варјаш / "Varjaš".
Villages.
It is composed of three villages: Gelu ("Kétfél"; Кетфељ), Sânpetru Mic ("Kleinsanktpeter"; "Kisszentpéter"; Мали Семпетар) and Variaș.
Demographics.
In 2011, population included:

</doc>
<doc id="18799587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799587" title="Uivar">
Uivar

Uivar (; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Pustiniș, Răuți, Sânmartinu Maghiar and Uivar. Two other villages, Otelec and Iohanisfeld, which had been part of Uivar commune since 1968, were detached in 2008 to form Otelec commune.
At the 2011 census, 76.7% of inhabitants were Romanians, 17% Hungarians, 5.2% Roma and 0.7% Germans. At the 2002 census, 53% were Romanian Orthodox, 31.1% Roman Catholic, 9.1% Greek-Catholic and 3.9% Pentecostal.

</doc>
<doc id="18799590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799590" title="Tormac">
Tormac

Tormac is a commune in Timiş County, Romania.
Names.
Names in other languages: ; .
Villages.
It is composed of three villages: Cadăr, Șipet and Tormac.
Demographics.
Ethnic groups.
At the 2011 census, 60.1% of inhabitants were Romanians, 37.5% Hungarians and 1.6% other.
Religion.
At the 2002 census, 51% were Romanian Orthodox, 37.6% Reformed, 6.6% Roman Catholic and 2.5% Pentecostal.

</doc>
<doc id="18799592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799592" title="Topolovățu Mare">
Topolovățu Mare

Topolovățu Mare (; ; ) is a commune in Timiş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Cralovăț, Ictar-Budinț, Iosifalău, Șuștra, Topolovățu Mare and Topolovățu Mic.

</doc>
<doc id="18799606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799606" title="Bob Kammeyer">
Bob Kammeyer

Robert Lynn Kammeyer was a professional baseball pitcher. He played parts of two seasons, 1978 and 1979, in Major League Baseball for the New York Yankees.
Kammeyer pitched in seven games for the Yankees in 1978, posting an earned run average of 5.82 with 11 strikeouts in 21.2 innings pitched. In 1979, he appeared in just one major league game, in which he gave up 8 earned runs without recording an out, a single-season record.
In 1980, he was named the Pitcher of the Year for the International League while pitching for the Syracuse Chiefs. Despite this, he chose to retire at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18799607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799607" title="Len Boehmer">
Len Boehmer

Leonard Joseph Stephen Boehmer (born June 28, 1941, at Flint Hill, Missouri) is a retired American Major League Baseball player who appeared in 50 games played between the and seasons for the Cincinnati Reds and New York Yankees. Primarily a first baseman, but also a utility infielder, he was listed at tall and and threw and batted right-handed.
Boehmer grew up in Flint Hill, Missouri, a town of about 100 residents. He attended St. Louis University and after his sophomore year, with both the Reds and Yankees showing interest in him, he signed with the Reds in 1961 for an $18,000 bonus.
He was in his seventh season in the Cincinnati farm system when he was recalled for his Major League debut on June 18, 1967. In his first at bat, as a pinch hitter for Gerry Arrigo, he grounded out against Claude Osteen of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Boehmer stayed in the game and flied out in his second MLB at bat, then again went hitless as a pinch hitter on July 2 before returning to the Triple-A Buffalo Bisons. At the close of the 1967 minor league baseball season, he was traded to the New York Yankees for pitcher Bill Henry and Boehmer played the rest of his pro career in the Yankee organization.
After batting .268 in 144 games for the Triple-A Syracuse Chiefs in 1968, Boehmer made the Yankee roster for the entire season. Finally, in the team's 70th game of the season, against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park, Boehmer earned his first major league hit (and RBI) and it was a big one—a 10th-inning single off Garry Roggenburk that scored Horace Clarke to put the Yankees ahead for good, 4-3, and Boehmer later scored on a Roy White single for the final score of 5-3.
For the season with the Yankees, he appeared in 45 games, starting 17 at first base and seven more at second base, and batted .176 in 108 at bats. His 19 hits included four doubles. He then spent the entire 1970 season back at Syracuse (batting .288) before returning to the Yanks for a brief, three-game audition in July 1971, going hitless in five at bats. In his final season in pro ball, 1972, he batted .326 in 113 games with Syracuse. In his minor league career, Boehmer batted .274 with 91 home runs in 1,196 games.
In parts of three major league seasons, he tallied 19 hits (all in 1969) in 116 at bats.
After baseball, he entered his father's plumbing supply business, where Boehmer and his brother ran Boehmer Brothers Utility Supply. After he retired, his sons Stephen and Robert became the third generation to run the business. Boehmer continues to live in his hometown of Flint Hill with his wife Alice. They have four children and eight grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18799613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799613" title="Northern Hills Junior High School">
Northern Hills Junior High School

Northern Hills Junior High was a public school established in 1963 in Topeka, Kansas. In 2008, Seaman USD #345 Board of Education decided to close down the school and rename it Seaman Middle School for the start of the 2008–2009 school year.
The school had its final day as Northern Hills on May 22, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18799632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799632" title="Richard Maden">
Richard Maden

Richard Maden (born 21 September 1972 in Littleborough, Lancashire) is a former international breaststroke swimmer from England. He represented Great Britain at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
Affiliated with swimming club Rochdale Aquabears Maden won the bronze medal in the men's 4×100 m medley relay at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships, alongside Martin Harris (backstroke), James Hickman (butterfly) and Mark Foster (freestyle).

</doc>
<doc id="18799653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799653" title="USS Antaeus (AG-67)">
USS Antaeus (AG-67)

USS "Antaeus" (AS-21/AG-67) – later renamed USS "Rescue" (AH-18) – was a commercial passenger liner acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II and named USS "Antaeus". She was initially intended to be employed as a submarine tender; however she was modified and used as a transport for troops from 1942 to 1944. In 1945 she was commissioned as a hospital ship, renamed USS "Rescue", and played an important part in 1945 supporting Pacific Ocean attack and then liberation operations.
Civilian service.
SS "St. John" was built in 1932 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company, Newport News, Virginia and was operated as a passenger liner by the Eastern Steamship Lines. "St. John", along with her sister ship the SS "Acadia", entered coastal service for New York-Yarmouth-Halifax or Saint John. From 1938-1940 the vessel also ran in New York-Bermuda or Nassau service. In 1939, the vessel was chartered to the United States Lines for one voyage to carry American construction workers to air base projects in Bermuda. Acquired by the Navy on 24 April 1941 the ship was renamed "Antaeus" (AS-21) and commissioned on 17 May 1941, Comdr. R. S. Morse in command.
World War II service.
Operations as USS "Antaeus".
Following her commissioning, the submarine tender operated in the Caribbean. She took part in training exercises and made repairs to the American submarines patrolling in those waters. "Antaeus" finished this task in September 1942, when she was assigned to transport duties and was redesignated "AG-67". The ship then began shuttling troops to points in the Caribbean, the Panama Canal Zone, and to Argentia, Newfoundland, from bases at New York City and Davisville, Rhode Island.
Conversion to hospital ship USS Rescue.
"Antaeus" entered the New York Navy Yard, Brooklyn, New York, on 28 December 1944. There, she underwent conversion to a hospital ship. On 18 January 1945, the vessel was renamed "Rescue" and redesignated (AH-18). Following a period of sea trials, the new hospital ship got underway for the Pacific Ocean theater of action. 
She arrived off Okinawa on 13 June, embarked men wounded in the fighting ashore, survived unscathed despite almost constant Japanese air attack against Allied shipping in the area, and safely delivered her patients to a hospital on Guam.
With a bed capacity of 792 and a complement of 440, "Rescue" provided hospital services, consultation, preventative medicine, and casualty evacuation. 
After a short upkeep period, "Rescue" joined the U.S. 3d Fleet on 5 July. She supported 3d Fleet ships conducting carrier strikes and bombardment of the Japanese home islands. The ship would rendezvous with the combatant vessels and take on casualties by breeches buoy both at night and under battle conditions. Upon the conclusion of World War II, "Rescue" sailed into Tokyo Bay with the 3d Fleet and began the medical screening of Allied prisoners of war and shuttling them from various prison camps to the base at Yokohama.
Post-war activity.
In late September, the ship arrived at Guam where she discharged a few former prisoners whose home had been on that island. "Rescue" then proceeded to San Francisco, California. She was decommissioned on 29 June 1946 and was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration. 
Her name was struck from the Navy List on 15 August 1946. The vessel was subsequently refitted as a merchant ship and saw service as such from 1946 into 1959, in which year she was scrapped.
Honors and awards.
"Rescue" earned two battle stars for her World War II service:

</doc>
<doc id="18799674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799674" title="Robert Hockin">
Robert Hockin

Robert Hockin (1846 – May 1, 1925) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1882 to 1886 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Pictou, Nova Scotia, the son of Daniel Hockin and Elizabeth Milnes, and educated at the Pictou Academy. In 1873, he married Jean, the daughter of Andrew McKinlay, former mayor of Halifax. Hockin served as a member of Pictou city council. After retiring from politics, he was a fisheries inspector. Hockin died in Pictou.

</doc>
<doc id="18799676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799676" title="2009 World Junior Championships">
2009 World Junior Championships

2009 World Junior Championships may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799677" title="Rastrick (disambiguation)">
Rastrick (disambiguation)

Rastrick is a village in West Yorkshire, England. 
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799680" title="D'Alessio">
D'Alessio

D’Alessio is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18799696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799696" title="Xenotoca">
Xenotoca

Xenotoca is a genus of fish within the goodeid family, Goodeidae. They belong to the subfamily Goodeinae. Like all members of this subfamily, they are livebearers. However, the goodeid method of mating is somewhat different from more common livebearers, such as guppies and swordtails. Rather than a gonopodium, goodeid males transmit sperm to the females using an andropodium, a notched anal fin which gives the fish the common name "splitfin".
All members of the genus "Xenotoca" live in the highlands of Mexico. While no goodeid is a very common aquarium fish, the Redtail Splitfin ("X. eiseni"), is one of the most common aquarium goodeids. Its bright colors - blue body and red tail - offset its reputation for nipping the fins of its tankmates.
Species.
There are currently three recognized species in this genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="18799737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799737" title="William Greer (bishop)">
William Greer (bishop)

William Derrick Lindsay Greer (28 February 1902 – 30 October 1972) was an Anglican Bishop for over 20 years in the middle of the 20th century. Greer was from the Irish Greer family from Rhone Hill, the son of Richard Ussher Greer, Rector of Seapatrick and grandson of the Reverend William Henry Greer of Rhone Hill. He was born on 28 February 1902 and was educated at Saint Columba's College, Dublin and Trinity College, Dublin. After a spell as Assistant Principal, Ministry of Home Affairs, Northern Ireland he was ordained in 1929. Curate then Vicar of St Luke's Church, Newcastle upon Tyne, he was then successively Secretary of the SCM, Principal of Westcott House Cambridge and Bishop of Manchester. He died on 30 October 1972.
Trinity C.E. High School, a state comprehensive High school and technology college in Manchester, was formed in 1984 by a merger of Bishop Greer and Fallowfield schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18799760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799760" title="Steve Whitehall">
Steve Whitehall

Steven Whitehall (born 8 December 1966 in Bromborough, Cheshire) is a retired English footballer who last played for Marine F.C. of the Northern Premier League Premier Division. He played in the Football League with Rochdale, Mansfield Town and Oldham Athletic.
He graduated from the, University of Liverpool in 1987 with a degree in Biology and also from the University of Salford in 1999 with a degree in Physiotherapy.
He has had spells as physio at both Northwich Victoria and Southport, also becoming caretaker manager at the latter.
Currently he is not employed in football but following a career in the National Health Service instead.

</doc>
<doc id="18799777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799777" title="Martin Harris (swimmer)">
Martin Harris (swimmer)

Martin Clifford Harris (born 21 May 1969 in Bow, Greater London) is a former international backstroke swimmer from England. He represented Great Britain twice at the Summer Olympics; in 1992 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18799780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799780" title="Art López">
Art López

Arturo López Rodríguez (born May 8, 1937 in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico) is a former professional baseball player. He played one season in Major League Baseball as an outfielder for the New York Yankees in 1965. He also played in Nippon Professional Baseball from 1968 until 1973.
During his lone major league season, López played in 38 games in his one year career. Lopez had seven hits in 49 at-bats, a .143 batting average. His greater success came in Japan's NPB, where he played for six seasons. In those seasons he batted .290 with 116 home runs. He was an All-Star in 1968, and played in the Japan Series in 1970 for the Lotte Orions.

</doc>
<doc id="18799785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799785" title="Middlesex Valley Railroad">
Middlesex Valley Railroad

The Middlesex Valley Railroad was formed in 1892 to build a railroad from Geneva about 30 miles to Naples. The Geneva and Southwestern Railroad was incorporated to build along this route more than 20 years earlier but only got as far as grading the route. The line was completed in 1894 and the following year the Middlesex Valley was acquired by the Lehigh Valley Railroad. The Middlesex Valley operated independently until 1903 when it became the Naples Branch of the Lehigh Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18799827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799827" title="Isidore LeBlanc">
Isidore LeBlanc

Isidore LeBlanc (November 30, 1837 – June 29, 1919) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1878 to 1886 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Arichat, Nova Scotia, of Acadian origin, and educated there. LeBlanc married Seraphine Babin on January 9, 1860 at Notre Dame de L'Assomption Church in Arichat. He was a ship broker, a notary public and an insurance agent. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1871. In 1883, LeBlanc was named to the province's Executive Council.
References.
[http://www3.ns.sympatico.ca/j.josse/Marr1858-60.html]
[http://www3.ns.sympatico.ca/j.josse/death1916-24.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18799831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799831" title="Fortress Round My Heart">
Fortress Round My Heart

Fortress Round My Heart is the debut album by Norwegian musician Ida Maria. Six singles were released before the album's release: "Oh My God", "Drive Away My Heart", "Stella", "Queen of the World", "I Like You So Much Better When You're Naked" and the re-release of "Oh My God".
Track listing.
The original version was released through SonyBMG, as they had signed a partnership deal with Norway's Waterfall Records, who signed Ida and her independent label, Nesna Records. All songs composed by Ida Maria Sivertsen.
All songs written by Ida Maria
Deluxe edition.
On February 9, 2009 a deluxe edition of the album was released, after the re-release of "Oh My God". It features three new tracks, the removal of one song ("See Me Through"), a change in the order of the songs, new artwork and two bonus videos exclusive to iTunes. The album was released independently, through Nesna Records and Waterfall Records, as the deal with SonyBMG had been terminated.
US Edition.
Mercury Records, an imprint of Island/Def Jam, released "Fortress 'Round My Heart" on digital download services on 24 March 2009. The album features 10 tracks, and a third revised tracklisting, omitting some songs from the original UK release, and including one from the deluxe, as well as new artwork.
All songs composed by Ida Maria Sivertsen.
Chart performance.
The album debuted on the U.K. chart at #39, (which became its peak position). The following week, it fell out of the top 40, from #39 to #60.
In Norway, it debuted at #5 (which became its peak position). It remained in the top 20 for seven weeks.
In Ireland, it debuted at #38.
The NME rated it as the 48th best album of the year for 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18799845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799845" title="Rein Baart">
Rein Baart

Rein Baart (born 13 April 1972 in Oosterbeek), is a Dutch footballer, who currently plays for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie..
Career.
Netherlands.
Baart has extensive experience playing in the Eerste Divisie in the Netherlands, having played for TOP Oss, VVV-Venlo, SV Babberich, Fortuna Sittard. He was part of the VVV-Venlo team which won promotion to the Eredivisie at the end of the 2006/2007 season, before moving to and NEC; he spent the next four years in Nijmegen, but only made one league start for the team.
Canada.
Baart was signed by coach Dwight Lodeweges to play for FC Edmonton in 2010, and played in several exhibition games prior to the team's first season in the North American Soccer League. He made his competitive debut for the team in their first official game on April 9, 2011, a 2-1 victory over the Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
At the end of the 2011 season, Edmonton announced that Baart had declined a contract offer and would not return to the club in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18799848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799848" title="2001 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles">
2001 Delray Beach International Tennis Championships – Singles

Stefan Koubek was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Carlos Moyá.
Jan-Michael Gambill won in the final 7–5, 6–4 against Xavier Malisse.

</doc>
<doc id="18799851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799851" title="Kolonkomi">
Kolonkomi

Kolonkomi is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,954.

</doc>
<doc id="18799859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799859" title="Koulmasga">
Koulmasga

Koulmasga is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 443.

</doc>
<doc id="18799867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799867" title="Stronghold – The Collector's Hit Box">
Stronghold – The Collector's Hit Box

"Stronghold – The Collector's Hit Box" is a compilation album by American singer Jennifer Rush.
Released in 2007, the collection was widely anticipated by fans. The album came as a 3 CD box set featuring single releases, remixes and previously unreleased material. Among the rare tracks were four unreleased James Bond themes that Rush had recorded in the early 1980s before her fame. As well as this, the album featured a new remix of her hit "I Come Undone" by Dave Kurtis, which received rave reviews among fans.
Track listing.
CD 1
CD 2
CD 3 
Bonus Track:

</doc>
<doc id="18799871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799871" title="Moadéga">
Moadéga

Moadéga is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 819.

</doc>
<doc id="18799875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799875" title="Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Men's tournament">
Ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's tournament in ice hockey at the 2010 Winter Olympics was held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, from 16 to 28 February 2010. Games were hosted at two venues – Canada Hockey Place (renamed from "General Motors Place" for the Olympics due to IOC rules disallowing host venues to be named after non-Olympic sponsors) and UBC Thunderbird Arena. It was the fourth time since the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano that the National Hockey League allowed its players to compete. These Olympics were the first to take place in a city with an NHL team since then, which meant players on the Vancouver Canucks who were competing in the Olympics were playing in their home arena.
Teams from twelve national hockey associations competed, seeded into three groups for the preliminary round. The tournament consisted of 30 games: 18 in the preliminary round (teams played the other teams in their own group); 4 qualification playoff games; 4 quarterfinal games; 2 semifinal games; 1 bronze medal game; and 1 gold medal game.
During the tournament, Teemu Selänne of Finland became the all-time leader for points scored in the Olympics. He notched an assist in his second game of the tournament for 37 career points, surpassing Valeri Kharlamov of the Soviet Union, Vlastimil Bubník of Czechoslovakia, and Harry Watson of Canada. Sweden's goaltender Henrik Lundqvist set a modern-day Olympic shutout streak record of 172 minutes and 34 seconds, continuous from the final of the gold medal game of the 2006 Olympics until Sweden's quarterfinal against Slovakia.
Qualification.
Belarus, Canada, Czech Republic, Finland, Russia, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States qualified as the top nine teams in the IIHF World Ranking. Germany, Latvia and Norway qualified via the qualification tournament for teams ranked 10th through 30th.
Preliminary round.
Points to each team are awarded as follows:
If two or more teams are tied in points, the following tiebreaker criteria will be used:
If a criterion leaves only two teams tied, then those teams will be ranked based on their head-to-head result.
Group A.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Group B.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Group C.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Playoff round.
Following the completion of the preliminary round, all teams will be ranked 1D through 12D. To determine this ranking, the following criteria will be used "in the order presented":
Qualification playoffs.
The top four ranked teams (1D–4D) received byes to and were deemed the home team in the quarterfinals as they are seeded to advance, with the remaining eight teams (5D–12D) playing qualification playoff games as follows:
Should the score remain even after regulation an overtime period of at most ten minutes is to be played. Should neither team score, a shoot out of three rounds of penalty shots decides the winner. The four winners of these qualification playoff games advanced to the quarterfinal round, while the losers of the qualification playoff games received a final ranking of 9 through 12 based on their preliminary round ranking.
All times are local (UTC-8)
Quarterfinals.
Teams seeded D1 to D4 are the home teams. Should the teams be tied after 60 minutes of regulation, an overtime period of at most ten minutes would decide the winner immediately upon the next goal. If the game remains tied after the overtime period, a penalty shot competition determines the winning team.
Following the quarterfinal games, the winning teams will be re-ranked F1 through F4, with the winner of 1D vs. E4 re-ranked as F1, the winner of 2D vs. E3 re-ranked as F2, the winner of 3D vs. E2 re-ranked as F3, and the winner of 4D vs. E1 re-ranked as F4. The losers of the quarterfinal round games will receive a final ranking of 5 through 8 based on their preliminary round ranking.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Semifinals.
All times are local (UTC-8). 
Bronze medal game.
All times are local (UTC-8).
Gold medal game.
All times are local (UTC-8).
The gold medal game was a rematch of the men's tournament in ice hockey at the 2002 Winter Olympics held in Salt Lake City, United States. In addition, Chris Pronger, Scott Niedermayer, Martin Brodeur and Jarome Iginla of Team Canada were returnees from the 2002 gold-winning squad and collected their second gold medal. Due to the total turnover makeup of Team USA, Brian Rafalski and Chris Drury were the only players remaining from the 2002 silver squad.
The final score was a 3–2 win for Team Canada. Goal scorers for Canada were Jonathan Toews, Corey Perry and Sidney Crosby, with the winning goal scored in overtime. For USA, the goal scorers were Ryan Kesler and Zach Parise, the latter tying the game with 25 seconds left, forcing it to go into sudden death.
Sidney Crosby scored the game-winning goal off a pass from Jarome Iginla, seven minutes and forty seconds into overtime for Canada, gaining victory over the United States. The puck has been sent to the Hockey Hall of Fame in Toronto; in Canadian media, Crosby's goal has been compared in significance to the ones scored by Paul Henderson in the 1972 Summit Series and Mario Lemieux in the 1987 Canada Cup.
The referees for the final were Bill McCreary (Canada) and Dan O'Halloran (Canada), while the linesmen were Stefan Fonselius (Finland) and Jean Morin (Canada).
The gold medal game was the last competitive event at the Olympics before the closing ceremony.
Television ratings.
The gold medal game drew a big hockey audience in both Canada and the United States.
In Canada, the game drew an average 16.6 million viewers while 26.5 million Canadians watched at least part of the game. Canada's Olympic Broadcast Media Consortium claims that 22 million people – or two thirds of the Canadian population – were watching the gold medal game when Sidney Crosby scored in overtime, making the game the most-watched television broadcast in Canadian history. However, a new ratings system intended to better track out-of-home viewership was only implemented in August 2009, making it difficult to accurately compare these results with ratings prior to that date – specifically, the 2002 Canada–USA gold medal game in Salt Lake City, the record holder under the previous system. There was some speculation that the final game of the 1972 Summit Series had as many as 18 million viewers, although recently recovered Nielsen ratings archives indicate that only 4.255 million Canadians watched that game live.
In the United States, NBC said that the game was the most-watched hockey game in the U.S. in 30 years, drawing 27.6 million, the largest since the United States–Finland game that decided the gold medal at the 1980 Winter Olympics.
Final rankings.
The final standings of the tournament according to the IIHF:
Statistics.
Leading scorers.
"Rankings based upon points"
Hat trick scorers
Leading goaltenders.
"Goalkeepers with 40% or more of their team's total minutes."
Shutout posters
Awards.
United States' Ryan Miller was named the most valuable player and received the Directorate Award for best goaltender of the tournament. Directorate Awards also went to Brian Rafalski (United States) for best defenceman, and to Jonathan Toews (Canada) for best forward.
The tournament all-star team was voted on by the international media at the conclusion of the event. The following players were named:
Toews, along with Brent Seabrook and Duncan Keith would become the fourth, fifth and sixth players to win both Olympic gold medal and Stanley Cup (with the Chicago Blackhawks) in the same year, following Ken Morrow 1980, and Steve Yzerman and Brendan Shanahan (2002). Patrick Kane would become the fourth player to win both Olympic silver medal and Stanley Cup in the same year, following Red Wings Sergei Fedorov in 1998, and Chris Chelios and Brett Hull in 2002.
Triple Gold Club.
The Triple Gold Club, made up of individuals who have won the Stanley Cup plus gold medals at the Olympics and World Championships, gained two new members:
Later the same season, Team Canada centre Jonathan Toews would go on to become the 24th and youngest player in the Triple Gold Club, following up his Olympic gold medal with the Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks just four months after winning Olympic gold. He had previously won the World Championships in 2007.
Officials.
The games were officiated, according to the IIHF rules, by the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18799882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799882" title="Matteo Tagliariol">
Matteo Tagliariol

Matteo Tagliariol (born 7 January 1983 in Treviso) is a male Italian fencer. He won the gold medal in the men's épée event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His fencing style has been described as "technical, simple, spontaneous, clear-sighted, inspired and efficient".
Record Against Selected Opponents.
Includes results from all competitions 2006–present and athletes who have reached the quarterfinals at the World Championships or Olympic Games, plus those who have medaled in major team competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="18799883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799883" title="Moaka">
Moaka

Moaka is a town in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 5,924.

</doc>
<doc id="18799909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18799909" title="Nagniangou">
Nagniangou

Nagniangou is a village in the Bilanga Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 955.

</doc>
