<doc id="18597847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597847" title="Christian Argenti">
Christian Argenti

Christian Argenti (born 3 January 1975) in Fitzroy in Victoria, Australia, is an Australian singer and radio presenter.
Invertigo.
Argenti rose to prominence as lead singer of Australian band Invertigo who had the Australian ARIA chart hits "Desensitized" (June 2000) and "Chances Are" (November 2000) and the band's only album to date "Forum" (July 2001).
Invertigo signed a much publicised worldwide recording deal with the Atlantic recording label in the United States in 1999, but after receiving a disappointing response from American radio with "Desensitized" and only moderate success with "Chances Are", were dropped by the label in late 2001.
Christian Argenti left Invertigo in February 2003 and has worked as a songwriter and session vocalist since, with credits including the soundtrack for the 2006 Australian film "BoyTown" (starring Mick Molloy and Glenn Robbins) as well as a string of albums for Australian and overseas artists.
Radio and media.
After a chance encounter with a radio program director at a function in Hobart in early 2007, Argenti was offered the host position of the drive show on Heart 107.3 (formerly Magic). The following day, Argenti debuted on radio and remained in that position until January 2009 when he returned to his home of Melbourne as presenter on sport radio station SEN 1116.
"All Night Appetitite".
In February 2010, Argenti left SEN 1116 after being poached by Southern Cross Austereo to host the networked talkback show 'Talking Back the Night' which broadcasts to 35 stations nationally.
The radio industry's governing body in Australia acknowledged Argenti's work when it announced him as a finalist in the category of 'Best Talk Presenter' for the Australian Commercial Radio Awards (ACRAS) in 2011 and again in 2012 alongside veterans Neil Mitchell, Ray Hadley, Paul Murray and John Stanley.
Argenti and his radio show can be heard in every state and throughout a significant portion of regional & provincial Australia each weeknight. Argenti has become well known and at times criticised for his opinionated style and the heavy criticism he regularly broadcasts targeting federal politicians & the federal government often referring to them as 'those clowns' or 'buffoons in Canberra'.
In 2012, Argenti has strengthened a personal 'campaign' against political correctness in Australian society in 2012 and what he calls the 'erosion of free speech and plain speaking in this country', which are two of the more noticeable cornerstones of the show.
In 2010 and 2011, Argenti hosted the national drive sports radio show 'The Home Straight' with former AFL player Peter 'Spida' Everitt and former NRL player Scott Sattler on the Southern Cross Austereo 'Localworks' network across Australia. This show however has not returned in 2012.
Argenti remains a regular commentator and analyst on SEN 1116 sport radio station in Melbourne, generally covering football (soccer) and mixed martial arts.
Personal life.
Christian Argenti is the grandson of Italian immigrant Giacomo Argenti who was a controversial international political activist and prisoner in the 1920s & 1930s.
Christian Argenti is the cousin of leading Australian film screenplay writer and director Jan Sardi.
Christian Argenti is engaged and has a daughter Ava Di Anne Argenti (born 30 August 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="18597853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597853" title="José Feans">
José Feans

José Feans (born April 24, 1912) is an Uruguayan boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Guillermo Lovell.

</doc>
<doc id="18597870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597870" title="Now That's What I Call Music! 71 (UK series)">
Now That's What I Call Music! 71 (UK series)

"Now That's What I Call Music! 71 or Now 71" is a compilation album released on 17 November 2008 on compact disc and digital downloadable formats. The album is the 71st edition of the original in the United Kingdom.
"Now 71" features six songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: "The Promise", "I Kissed a Girl", "So What", "Sex on Fire", "All Summer Long", and "Viva La Vida".
The Sash! song "Raindrops (Encore Une Fois)" previously appeared on "Now 36" in its original form.
Track listing.
These videos can also be accessed from the official Now music website.
Chart.
In the Official UK Compilation chart it reached number one.

</doc>
<doc id="18597873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597873" title="Ballycroy">
Ballycroy

Ballycroy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18597882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597882" title="Pusey and Jones">
Pusey and Jones

The Pusey and Jones Corporation was a major shipbuilder and industrial-equipment manufacturer from 1848 to 1959.
Shipbuilding was the primary focus from 1853 until the end of World War II, when the company converted the shipyard to production of machinery for paper manufacturing. The yard built more than 500 ships, from large cargo vessels to small warships and yachts, including “Volunteer”, the winner of the 1887 America’s Cup.
History.
The company began in 1848, with the partnership between Joshua L. Pusey and John Jones in the operation of a machine shop in space rented from a whaling company, in Wilmington, Delaware. The shipyard was located between the Christina River and the main line of the Pennsylvania Rail Road.
In 1851, Edward Betts and Joshua Seal, who were operating an iron foundry in Wilmington purchased an interest in the business, and the name of the company then became Betts, Pusey, Jones & Seal.
In 1854, Pusey and Jones built the first US iron hulled sailing vessel, the schooner "Mahlon Betts". In 1887, the company built the first steel-hulled yacht to win the America’s Cup, "Volunteer".
At the beginning of the Civil War the company began building war vessels. The first was a sloop of war, which required immediate expansion of the workforce. The company also built engines and boilers for other shipbuilding firms.
During World War I, the firm grew to more than 2,000 employees. A second shipyard was added in Gloucester City, New Jersey, which was initially called Pennsylvania Shipbuilding Company but was soon changed to Pusey & Jones. After producing 19 ships, the name was changed to New Jersey Shipbuilding Company. The yard was closed after the war.
After the business slump of the early 1920s, the Company reorganized in 1927 under businessman Clement C. Smith, becoming Pusey and Jones Corporation. The company focused on building large luxury steam and motor yachts for wealthy patrons.
As World War II, approached military orders increased. The highest employment was reached during World War II when more than 3,600 employees worked in the shipyards, plants and offices of the company. Pusey and Jones built 19 Type C1 ships for the U.S. Maritime Commission.
Other craft such as minesweepers were built along with specialty and smaller vessels. Many commercial and private vessels originally built by the company were also converted to military use.
On Liberty Fleet Day — 27 September 1941 — the yard launched one of the first Liberty ships, SS "Adabelle Lykes".
After WWII, Pusey and Jones converted the shipyard's facilities for the manufacture of papermaking machinery.
The company closed in 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18597891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597891" title="Omar Hermansen">
Omar Hermansen

Svend Omar Hermansen (September 14, 1913 – February 16, 1998) was a Danish boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. He was born in Ringsted. In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming silver medalist Guillermo Lovell.

</doc>
<doc id="18597893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597893" title="Sleep deprivation">
Sleep deprivation

Sleep deprivation is the condition of not having enough sleep; it can be either chronic or acute. A chronic sleep-restricted state can cause fatigue, daytime sleepiness, clumsiness and weight loss or weight gain. It adversely affects the brain and cognitive function. Few studies have compared the effects of acute total sleep deprivation and chronic partial sleep restriction. Complete absence of sleep over long periods has not been seen in humans (unless they suffer from fatal familial insomnia); brief microsleeps cannot be avoided. Long-term total sleep deprivation has caused death in lab animals.
Physiological effects.
Generally, sleep deprivation may result in:
Diabetes.
In 2005, a study of over 1400 participants showed that participants who habitually slept few hours were more likely to have associations with type 2 diabetes. However, because this study was merely correlational, the direction of cause and effect between little sleep and diabetes is uncertain. The authors point to an earlier study which showed that experimental rather than habitual restriction of sleep resulted in impaired glucose tolerance (IGT).
Effects on the brain.
Sleep deprivation can adversely affect the brain and cognitive function. A 2000 study, by the UCSD School of Medicine and the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System in San Diego, used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) technology to monitor activity in the brains of sleep-deprived subjects performing simple verbal learning tasks. The study showed that regions of the brain's prefrontal cortex, an area that supports mental faculties such as working memory and logical and practical ("means-ends") reasoning, displayed more activity in sleepier subjects. Researchers interpreted this result as indicating that the brain of the average sleep-deprived subject had to work harder than that of the average non-sleep-deprived subject to accomplish a given task, and from this indication they inferred the conclusion the brains of sleep-deprived subjects were attempting to compensate for adverse effects caused by sleep deprivation.
The temporal lobe, which is a brain region involved in language processing, was activated during verbal learning in rested subjects but not in sleep-deprived subjects. The parietal lobe, not activated in rested subjects during the verbal exercise, was more active when the subjects were deprived of sleep. Although memory performance was less efficient with sleep deprivation, greater activity in the parietal region was associated with better short term memory.
A 2001 study at the Chicago Medical Institute suggested that sleep deprivation may be linked to serious diseases, such as heart disease and mental illness including psychosis and bipolar disorder. The link between sleep deprivation and psychosis was further documented in 2007 through a study at Harvard Medical School and the University of California at Berkeley. The study revealed, using MRI scans, that sleep deprivation causes the brain to become incapable of putting an emotional event into the proper perspective and incapable of making a controlled, suitable response to the event.
A study tested 17 right-handed civilian males, between the ages of 21 and 29 years (mean 24.7 ± 2.8 years), with no history of medical, neurological, psychiatric, or sleep disorder conditions. Their histories also included 7–8 hours of nightly sleep on a regular basis, no nicotine use, and low caffeine use (less than 100 mg/day).
The negative effects of sleep deprivation on alertness and cognitive performance suggest decreases in brain activity and function, primarily in the thalamus, structure involved in alertness and attention, and in the prefrontal cortex, a region sub-serving alertness, attention, and higher-order cognitive processes.
This study used a combination of positron emission tomography (PET) and fluorine-2-deoxyglucose (FDG), a marker for regional cerebral metabolic rate for glucose (CMRglu) and neuronal synaptic activity. A time series design was used, with progressive sleep deprivation as the independent variable. Repeated measures of absolute regional CMRglu, cognitive performance, alertness, mood, and subjective experiences were collected after 0, 24, 48, and 72 h of sleep deprivation. Additional measures of alertness, cognitive performance, and mood were collected at fixed intervals throughout the sleep deprivation period. These measures were included to place the performance results associated with the PET scans in the context of the circadian rhythm of cognitive performance, as well as to impose a moderate-to-heavy near continuous workload on the subjects as might be anticipated in a real-world sustained operation.
A noted 2002 University of California animal study indicated that non-rapid eye movement sleep (NREM) is necessary for turning off neurotransmitters and allowing their receptors to "rest" and regain sensitivity which allows monoamines (norepinephrine, serotonin and histamine) to be effective at naturally produced levels. This leads to improved regulation of mood and increased learning ability. The study also found that rapid eye movement sleep (REM) deprivation may alleviate clinical depression because it mimics selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). This is because the natural decrease in monoamines during REM is not allowed to occur, which causes the concentration of neurotransmitters in the brain, that are depleted in clinically depressed persons, to increase. Sleep outside of the REM phase may allow enzymes to repair brain cell damage caused by free radicals. High metabolic activity while awake damages the enzymes themselves preventing efficient repair. This study observed the first evidence of brain damage in rats as a direct result of sleep deprivation.
Animal studies suggest that sleep deprivation increases stress hormones, which may reduce new cell production in adult brains.
Effects on growth.
A 1999 study found that sleep deprivation resulted in reduced cortisol secretion the next day, driven by increased subsequent slow-wave sleep. Sleep deprivation was found to enhance activity on the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (which controls reactions to stress and regulates body functions such as digestion, the immune system, mood, sex, or energy usage) while suppressing growth hormones. The results supported previous studies, which observed adrenal insufficiency in idiopathic hypersomnia.
Effects on the healing process.
A study conducted in 2005 showed that a group of rats which were deprived of REM sleep for five days experienced no significant changes in their ability to heal wounds, compared to a group of rats not deprived of "dream" sleep. The rats were allowed deep (NREM) sleep. However, another study conducted by Gumustekin et al. in 2004 showed sleep deprivation hindering the healing of burns on rats.
Attention and working memory.
Among the numerous physical consequences of sleep deprivation, deficits in attention and working memory are perhaps the most important; such lapses in mundane routines can lead to unfortunate results, from forgetting ingredients while cooking to missing a sentence while taking notes. Working memory is tested by such methods as choice-reaction time tasks.
The attentional lapses also extend into more critical domains in which the consequences can be life-or-death; car crashes and industrial disasters can result from inattentiveness attributable to sleep deprivation. To empirically measure the magnitude of attention deficits, researchers typically employ the psychomotor vigilance task (PVT) which requires the subject to press a button in response to a light at pseudo-random intervals. Failure to press the button in response to the stimulus (light) is recorded as an error, attributable to the microsleeps that occur as a product of sleep deprivation.
Crucially, individuals' subjective evaluations of their fatigue often do not predict actual performance on the PVT. While totally sleep-deprived individuals are usually aware of the degree of their impairment, lapses from chronic (lesser) sleep deprivation can build up over time so that they are equal in number and severity to the lapses occurring from total (acute) sleep deprivation. Chronically sleep-deprived people, however, continue to rate themselves considerably less impaired than totally sleep-deprived participants. Since people usually evaluate their capability on tasks like driving subjectively, their evaluations may lead them to the false conclusion that they can perform tasks that require constant attention when their abilities are in fact impaired.
Impairment of driving ability.
The dangers of sleep deprivation are apparent on the road; the American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM) reports that one in every five serious motor vehicle injuries is related to driver fatigue, with 80,000 drivers falling asleep behind the wheel every day and 250,000 accidents every year related to sleep, though the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration suggests the figure for traffic accidents may be closer to 100,000. The AASM recommends pulling off the road and taking a 15- or 20-minute nap to alleviate drowsiness.
According to a 2000 study published in the "British Medical Journal", researchers in Australia and New Zealand reported that sleep deprivation can have some of the same hazardous effects as being drunk. People who drove after being awake for 17–19 hours performed worse than those with a blood alcohol level of .05 percent, which is the legal limit for drunk driving in most western European countries and Australia. Another study suggested that performance begins to degrade after 16 hours awake, and 21 hours awake was equivalent to a blood alcohol content of .08 percent, which is the blood alcohol limit for drunk driving in Canada, the U.S., and the U.K.
Other forms of impairment.
In addition, as a result of continuous muscular activity without proper rest time, effects such as cramping are much more frequent in sleep-deprived individuals. Extreme cases of sleep deprivation have been reported to be associated with hernias, muscle fascia tears, and other such problems commonly associated with physical overexertion.
A 2006 study has shown that while total sleep deprivation for one night caused many errors, the errors were not significant until after the second night of total sleep deprivation. However, combining alcohol with acute sleep deprivation results in a trebled rate of driving off the road when using a simulator.
The National Sleep Foundation identifies several warning signs that a driver is dangerously fatigued, including rolling down the window, turning up the radio, trouble keeping eyes open, head-nodding, drifting out of the lane, and daydreaming. At particular risk are lone drivers between midnight and 6 am.
Sleep deprivation can negatively impact performance in professional fields as well, potentially jeopardizing lives. Due largely to the February 2009 crash of Colgan Air Flight 3407, which killed 50 people and was partially attributed to pilot fatigue, the FAA reviewed its procedures to ensure that pilots are sufficiently rested. A 2004 study also found medical residents with less than four hours of sleep a night made more than twice as many errors as residents who slept for more than seven hours a night, an especially alarming trend given that less than 11% of surveyed residents were sleeping more than seven hours a night.
Twenty-four hours of continuous sleep deprivation results in the choice of less difficult math tasks without decreases in subjective reports of effort applied to the task. Naturally caused sleep loss affects the choice of everyday tasks such that low effort tasks are mostly commonly selected. Adolescents who experience less sleep show a decreased willingness to engage in sports activities that require effort through fine motor coordination and attention to detail.
Great sleep deprivation mimics psychosis: distorted perceptions can lead to inappropriate emotional and behavioral responses.
Astronauts have reported performance errors and decreased cognitive ability during periods of extended working hours and wakefulness as well as due to sleep loss caused by circadian rhythm disruption and environmental factors.
Microsleeps.
Microsleeps occur when a person has a significant sleep deprivation. The brain automatically shuts down, falling into a sleep state for a period that can last from a fraction of a second up to half a minute. The person falls asleep no matter what activity he or she is engaged in. Microsleeps are similar to blackouts and a person experiencing them is not consciously aware that they are occurring.
An even lighter type of sleep has been seen in rats that have been kept awake for long periods of time. In a process known as local sleep, specific localized regions went into periods of short (~80 ms) but frequent (~40/min) NREM-like state. Despite the on and off periods where neurons shut off, the rats appeared awake, although they performed worse at tests.
Weight gain/loss.
In rats, prolonged, complete sleep deprivation increased both food intake and energy expenditure with a net effect of weight loss and ultimately death. This study hypothesizes that the moderate chronic sleep debt associated with habitual short sleep is associated with increased appetite and energy expenditure with the equation tipped towards food intake rather than expenditure in societies where high-calorie food is freely available.
Several large studies using nationally representative samples suggest that the obesity problem in the United States might have as one of its causes a corresponding decrease in the average number of hours that people are sleeping. The findings suggest that this might be happening because sleep deprivation could be disrupting hormones that regulate glucose metabolism and appetite.
The association between sleep deprivation and obesity appears to be strongest in young and middle-age adults. Other scientists hold that the physical discomfort of obesity and related problems, such as sleep apnea, reduce an individual's chances of getting a good night's sleep.
Sleep loss is currently proposed to disturb endocrine regulation of energy homeostasis leading to weight gain and obesity. For instance, laboratory sleep deprivation studies in young men have demonstrated that one night of wakefulness (typically found e.g. in shift workers) exerts significant effects on the energy balance the next morning, including reduced energy expenditure, enhanced hedonic stimulus processing in the brain underlying the drive to consume food, and overeating that goes beyond satiety. Further studies have shown that a reduction of sleep duration to 4 hours for two consecutive nights has recently been shown to decrease circulating leptin levels and to increase ghrelin levels, as well as self-reported hunger. Similar endocrine alterations have been shown to occur even after a single night of sleep restriction.
In a balanced order, nine healthy normal-weight men spent three nights in a sleep laboratory separated by at least 2 weeks: one night with a total sleep time of 7 h, one night with a total sleep time of 4.5 hours, and one night with total sleep deprivation (SD).
On a standard symptom-rating scale, subjects rated markedly stronger feelings of hunger after total SD than after 7-hour sleep (3.9 ± 0.7 versus 1.7 ± 0.3; P = 0.020) or 4.5 h sleep (2.2 ± 0.5; P = 0.041). Plasma ghrelin levels were 22 ± 10% higher after total SD than after 7 h sleep (0.85 ± 0.06 versus 0.72 ± 0.04 ng mL(−1); P = 0.048) with intermediate levels of the hormone after 4.5 h sleep (0.77 ± 0.04 ng mL(−1)).
Feelings of hunger as well as plasma ghrelin levels are already elevated after one night of SD, whereas morning serum leptin concentrations remain unaffected. Thus, the results provide further evidence for a disturbing influence of sleep loss on endocrine regulation of energy homeostasis, which in the long run may result in weight gain and obesity.
Uses.
Scientific study of laboratory animals.
In science, sleep deprivation (of rodents, e.g.) is used in order to study the function(s) of sleep and the biological mechanisms underlying the effects of sleep deprivation.
Some sleep deprivation techniques are:
Interrogation.
Sleep deprivation can be used as a means of interrogation, which has resulted in court trials over whether or not the technique is a form of torture.
Under one interrogation technique, a subject might be kept awake for several days and when finally allowed to fall asleep, suddenly awakened and questioned. Menachem Begin, the Prime Minister of Israel from 1977 to 1983, described his experience of sleep deprivation as a prisoner of the NKVD in Russia as follows:
Sleep deprivation was one of the five techniques used by the British government in the 1970s. The European Court of Human Rights ruled that the five techniques "did not occasion suffering of the particular intensity and cruelty implied by the word torture ... amounted to a practice of inhuman and degrading treatment", in breach of the European Convention on Human Rights.
The United States Justice Department released four memos in August 2002 describing interrogation techniques used by the Central Intelligence Agency. They first described 10 techniques used in the interrogations of Abu Zubaydah, described as a terrorist logistics specialist, including sleep deprivation. Memos from May 2005 introduced four more techniques and confirmed that the combination of interrogation methods did not constitute torture under United States law.
The question of extreme use of sleep deprivation as torture has advocates on both sides of the issue. In 2006, Australian Federal Attorney-General Philip Ruddock argued that sleep deprivation does not constitute torture. Nicole Bieske, a spokeswoman for Amnesty International Australia, has stated the opinion of her organization thusly: "At the very least, sleep deprivation is cruel, inhumane and degrading. If used for prolonged periods of time it is torture."
Treatment for depression.
Recent studies show sleep restriction has some potential in the treatment of depression. As many as 60% of patients, when sleep-deprived, show immediate recovery, although most relapse the following night. The effect has been shown to be linked to increases in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). It has been shown that chronotype is related to the effect of sleep deprivation on mood in normal people. Those with morningness preference become more depressed following sleep deprivation while those with eveningness preference show an improvement in mood.
The incidence of relapse can be decreased by combining sleep deprivation with medication. Many tricyclic antidepressants suppress REM sleep, providing additional evidence for a link between mood and sleep. Similarly, tranylcypromine has been shown to completely suppress REM sleep at adequate doses.
Voluntary.
Sleep deprivation can sometimes be self-imposed due to a lack of desire to sleep or the habitual use of stimulant drugs. Sleep deprivation is also self-imposed to achieve personal fame in the context of record-breaking stunts.
Sleep apnea.
Sleep apnea (obstructive sleep apnea, OSA) is a collapse of the upper airway during sleep, which reduces airflow to the lungs. It has many serious health outcomes if untreated, but can very often be effectively treated with positive air pressure therapy. Nasal problems such as a deviated septum will shut down the airway and increase swelling in the mucus lining and nasal turbinates. Corrective surgery (septoplasty) will maximise the airflow and correct the feedback loop to the brain which keeps awakening the sufferer so as not to asphyxiate.
Central sleep apnea is repeated stops in breathing during sleep when the brain temporarily stops sending signals to the muscles that control breathing.
Mental illness.
The specific causal relationships between sleep loss and effects on psychiatric disorders have been most extensively studied in patients with mood disorders. Shifts into mania in bipolar patients are often preceded by periods of insomnia, and sleep deprivation has been shown to induce a manic state in susceptible individuals. Sleep deprivation may represent a final common pathway in the genesis of mania, and sleep loss is both a precipitating and reinforcing factor for the manic state.
School.
A National Sleep Foundation survey found that college/university-aged students get an average of 6.7 hours of sleep each night. Sleep deprivation is common in first year college students as they adjust to the stress and social activities of college life. A study performed by the Department of Psychology at the National Chung Cheng University in Taiwan concluded that freshmen received the shortest amount of sleep during the week. In 1997 the University of Minnesota did research that compared students who went to school at 7:15 am and those who went to school at 8:40 am. They found that students who went to school at 8:40 got higher grades and more sleep on weekday nights. One in four U.S. high school students admits to falling asleep in class at least once a week. It is known that during human adolescence, circadian rhythms and therefore sleep patterns typically undergo marked changes. Electroencephalogram (EEG) studies indicate a 50% reduction of deep (stage 4) sleep and a 75% reduction in the peak amplitude of delta waves during NREM sleep in adolescence. School schedules are often incompatible with a corresponding delay in sleep offset, leading to a less than optimal amount of sleep for the majority of adolescents.
Counteracting the effects of sleep deprivation.
Several strategies are common in attempting to increase alertness and counteract the effects of sleep deprivation. Caffeine is often used over short periods to boost wakefulness when acute sleep deprivation is experienced; however, caffeine is less effective if taken routinely. Other strategies recommended by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine include prophylactic sleep before deprivation, naps, other stimulants, and combinations thereof. However, the only sure and safe way to combat sleep deprivation is to increase nightly sleep time.
Recovery of cognitive function is accomplished more rapidly after acute total sleep deprivation than after chronic partial sleep restriction. Chronic deprivation is the more common in everyday life. Just one night of recovery sleep can reverse adverse effects of total sleep deprivation. Recovery sleep is more efficient than normal sleep with shorter sleep latency and increased amounts of deep and REM sleep.
Longest periods without sleep.
Randy Gardner holds the scientifically documented record for the longest period of time a human being has intentionally gone without sleep not using stimulants of any kind. Gardner stayed awake for 264 hours (11 days), breaking the previous record of 260 hours held by Tom Rounds of Honolulu. LCDR John J. Ross of the U.S. Navy Medical Neuropsychiatric Research Unit later published an account of this event, which became well-known among sleep-deprivation researchers.
The "Guinness World Record" stands at 449 hours (18 days, 17 hours), held by Maureen Weston, of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in April 1977, in a rocking-chair marathon.
Claims of not having slept in years have been made at times, by certain individuals, but either without scientific verification, or contradicted in independent verification:

</doc>
<doc id="18597897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597897" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 50">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 50

The 50th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Fayette County and Washington County and all of Greene County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="18597903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597903" title="Forbassach Ua Congaile">
Forbassach Ua Congaile

Forbassach Ua Congaile (died 714) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly.
The king lists in the "Book of Leinster" give him a reign of three years giving a possible reign of 711–714. He was related to his predecessor Fland Dá Chongal but the exact relationship is unclear. The Uí Failge had a traditional hostility to the rulers of Uisnech. In 714 he took advantage of the attack by the Síl nÁedo Sláine on Murchad Midi of Uisnech to attack Meath. However, he was defeated and slain by the men of Meath at the Battle of Garbsalach. 
The descendants of Fland Dá Chongal known as the Uí Flaind dominated the kingship after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18597910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597910" title="Karl Lutz">
Karl Lutz

Karl Lutz (born February 23, 1914) is an Austrian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to Ernest Toussaint.

</doc>
<doc id="18597917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597917" title="Saradha Narayanan">
Saradha Narayanan

Saradha Narayanan was born on 2 July 1955. She is a retired Malaysian cardiologist who previously used to work at Tung Shin Hospital, Kuala Lumpur. She is also one of the trio who co-authored "Snapshots!" in 2006, and recently published her own book, "The Freedom of Choice", in the United Kingdom. She currently lives with her husband Mohan (also a cardiologist) in Bukit Damansara. Both her children, Aravind and Aruna, reside in the UK, where Aravind has just completed his third year at Oxford University and Aruna has just completed her A-Levels at the Leys in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18597919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597919" title="Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's doubles">
Badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's doubles

These are the results of the women's doubles competition in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
The tournament consisted of a single-elimination tournament. Matches were played using a best-of-three games format. Games were played to 21 points, using rally scoring. Each game had to be won by two points, except when the game was won by a player who reached 30 even if the lead was only 1 at that point. 
The top four seeds in the tournament were placed in the bracket so as not to face each other until the semifinals. All other competitors were placed by draw.

</doc>
<doc id="18597920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597920" title="Craig B. Lloyd">
Craig B. Lloyd

Captain Craig Barkley Lloyd was commissioned into the United States Coast Guard in 1984 at Officer Candidate School in Yorktown, Virginia, and is the former Captain of the United States Coast Guard High Endurance Cutter vessel "USCGC Munro". (June 2006 - July 2009). During Lloyd's command, the vessel changed homeports from Alameda California to its current location of Kodiak, Alaska as of September 4, 2007. Lloyd commanded "Munro" in the search and rescue of the crab fishing vessel "Ocean Challenger", in the midst of the Bering Sea; which was documented by the "Deadliest Catch" reality TV show on the Discovery Channel. He also was the On Scene Commander during the Alaska Ranger search and rescue case where 47 crew members abandoned ship during a Bering Sea winter storm. 42 fisherman were saved by two helicopters, the Munro, and another fishing boat in the area. Lloyd also served as the Deputy Chief of Staff in downtown New Orleans coordinating the federal government response and has been recognized with the Legion of Merit, four Meritorious Service Medals, the Combat Action Ribbon, Army Achievement Medal, and Navy Commendation Medal.
Captain Lloyd completed his Coast Guard career as the Chief Operating Officer for the Coast Guard's far-northern latitudes, encompassing 3.8 million square miles of ocean and 33,000 miles of coastline, including some of the most treacherous waters in the world, with oversight responsibilities for the operations of the Coast Guard’s 2nd largest aviation command, a 2nd smaller aviation command, technical support staff and manages $14 million annual budget. During his last assignment, he orchestrated the winter delivery of fuel to Nome by the Russian Tanker Renda, escorted by Coast Guard Cutter Healy. Additionally, he was the project manager for the seizure of the rat-infested pirate fishing vessel Bangun Perkasa.
He has earned two Master's Degrees: National Security and Strategic Studies from the Naval War College in Newport Rhode Island as well as a Masters in Organizational Management from the University of Phoenix. His undergraduate degree is in Social Science from St. Mary's College of Maryland.
He now serves as the President and General Manager of Alaska Clean Seas, a non-profit oil spill response cooperative whose current membership includes oil and pipeline companies that engage in or intend to undertake oil and gas exploration, development, production or pipeline transport activities on the North Slope of Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="18597930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597930" title="Walter Marti">
Walter Marti

Walter Marti (born April 1, 1910) is a Swiss boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Erling Nilsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18597936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597936" title="Hal Turner">
Hal Turner

Harold Charles "Hal" Turner (born March 15, 1962) is an American white nationalist, Holocaust denier and blogger from North Bergen, New Jersey. In August 2010, he was convicted for making threats against three federal judges with the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Prior to Turner's arrest, his radio program, "The Hal Turner Show", was a webcast from his home once a week.
Early life.
Turner was born in Jersey City and raised in Ridgefield Park. Prior to working in radio, Turner worked as a driver and a salesman.
Early career.
Identifying himself as "Hal from North Bergen", Turner became notable in American conservative circles as a frequent caller to and supporter of WABC radio talk show hosts Bob Grant and Sean Hannity. Turner parlayed this fame into a role as the northern New Jersey coordinator for Patrick J. Buchanan's 1992 presidential campaign. 
Turner claims he established a friendship with Sean Hannity, on whose radio program he had once been a frequent presence. In 2008, while Hannity and Malik Zulu Shabazz of the New Black Panther Party were debating Barack Obama's association with Jeremiah Wright, Shabazz asked Hannity if he should "be judged by (his) promotion and association with Hal Turner". Hannity began to say that he didn't know Turner, but then said he was someone he had banned from his radio program ten years before. Turner subsequently gave an account of their association on his website, in which he said of Hannity's response: "I was quite disappointed when Sean Hannity at first tried to say he didn't know me. In fact, Sean does know me and we were quite friendly a few years ago." Phil Boyce, Program Director of WABC, disputed the account, which described a friendship developing between Turner and Hannity in 1993, three years before Hannity was actually hired at WABC.
Turner became a talk radio host, joining fellow regular callers Frank from Queens and John from Staten Island to start the program "The Right Perspective". Turner left the program in 2002, citing artistic differences. In 2002, Turner became a solo host, purchasing a time slot on shortwave radio station WBCQ, over which he broadcast for approximately four years. On WBCQ on March 22, 2004 he left the show "after harshly criticizing his supporters, listeners, and WBCQ." The show lacked financial support, the owner of the station Allan Weiner was Jewish, and Turner had health problems. This led to the temporary closure of his website and show.
Activism and assault claims.
In the 2000 US congress election, Turner sought the Republican Party nomination for election to the United States Congress from New Jersey's 13th congressional district. He earned 18.6% of the vote, losing to Theresa de Leon. Turner has identified himself as the "Chairman of the Republican Party of Hudson County, NJ Corp," a group which has no connection to the official Hudson County Republican Party recognized by the state and national party. According to news reports, Hudson County Republican officials have stated that Turner's party is a "paper corporation with little or no membership".
In response to an October 7, 2005, assault against a white student by a black student at Kingston High School, Turner, working with the white nationalist group National Vanguard, organized a rally which he called a "rally against violence". He characterized the rally both as "pro-white" and "against violence". The victim's mother chose not to attend the rally. In response, local residents, including political and religious leaders, organized a number of "Unity Rallies" with a tolerance theme. When the rally occurred on November 19, 2005, Turner and the National Vanguard attracted approximately 50 demonstrators, compared to the 100 counter-demonstrators. Turner called for the attacker to be charged with a hate crime, but the case resulted in the perpetrator being indicted as an adult with two felony counts: assault and attempted assault instead.
On April 12, 2006, Turner had a physical altercation with Jaime Vazquez, a former Jersey City Deputy Mayor and a member of the Jersey City Council, who was the Jersey City Commissioner of Veterans Affairs at the time. "The North Bergen Reporter" quoted Turner as saying "(t)he illegal immigrants are breaking the law, and people like me should break the law as well by shooting them down." In response, Vazquez picketed with a sign reading "Hal Turner — shoot me! Racists and bigots like you are cowards." Vazquez suffered a back injury and a fractured wrist. Turner and Vazquez later filed criminal charges against each other. On July 16, 2006 North Bergen Municipal Court Judge Joseph Romano found both men to be equally credible and thus neither criminally liable.
Broadcasting and website issues.
In 2002, Turner started broadcasting, but quit the show in July 2008 and resumed in April 2009 as Turner Radio Network. In August 2008 his website also closed down, though he retained a blog, it was shut down by his host, Google's Blogger, for violations of terms of service.
Origin of China Eminent Domain Hoax.
In February 2009, Turner posted an article to his blog entitled: "FEDS GRANT EMINENT DOMAIN AS COLLATERAL TO CHINA FOR U.S. DEBTS!" claiming that a secret agreement had been made to allow China to physically take U.S. land, in the event of a U.S. default. The story then went viral and was posted across the internet, including most conspiracy and extremist right-wing sites and forums.
Anonymous website raid.
Turner claimed that in December 2006 and January 2007 individuals who identified themselves as the group "Anonymous" took Turner's website offline, costing him thousands of dollars in bandwidth bills. On January 19, 2007 Turner sued 4chan, eBaum's World, 7chan, Abjects IRC network, and other websites for copyright infringement. On January 22, 2007 he lost his plea for an injunction. In February 2007 4chan responded to the lawsuit. In April 2007, the judge asked the parties to submit information to schedule proceedings. However, Turner failed to respond and mail from the court to Turner was returned as "Undeliverable". The judge dismissed the case in December 2007.
FBI Informant.
Turner was a paid FBI informant for several years, supplying information about right-wing groups to federal agents. The original allegations that Turner acted as an informant for the FBI surfaced in 2008 after unidentified hackers claimed on Turner's website's forums that they had read email correspondence between him and an FBI agent, apparently his handler. This led to a discussion on a neo-Nazi website on January 10, 2008, in which Turner revealed he was quitting political work, was ending his radio show and that he was separating "from the 'pro-White' movement". The FBI has declined to comment on the matter. The Southern Poverty Law Center and the Anti-Defamation League reported on the emails that "a neo-Nazi Website had posted material reportedly found by the hackers, including alleged exchanges between himself and law enforcement agents which indicated that Turner had been providing information to them."
On July 28, 2009 in a Chicago courtroom, Turner's defense lawyer said that Turner worked as a paid informant for the FBI. In December 2009, "The Record" published an investigative report on Turner's "complex" relationship with the FBI and Federal US Marshal Service, noting that all parties broke off contact at several points.
Turner's information led to the arrests of the Hutaree militia, with Turner's FBI handler serving as the prosecution's witness.
Michael A. Orozco, Turner's lawyer said, "I don't think he was a racist. He was doing a lot of those things at the behest of the FBI.”
Threats against judges and political figures.
Turner has a history of making threats against various public figures. In 2005, Turner publicized the names of three federal court judges who handled lawsuits involving Matt Hale, a white supremacist convicted of soliciting the murder of a federal judge. Turner posted the judges' names and addresses on his Web site.
On December 6, 2006, Turner announced on his website:
"We may have to ASSASSINATE some of the people you elect on Nov. 7! This could be your LAST ELECTION CHANCE, to save this Republic... Sorry to have to be so blunt, but the country is in mortal danger from our present government and our liberty is already near dead because of this government. If you are too stupid to turn things around with your vote, there are people out here like me who are willing to turn things around with guns, force and violence. We hope our method does not become necessary."
Since the announcement was made, Turner has had difficulties finding a host for his website. He alleged that his website has been the target of denial of service attacks, and subsequently filed a pro se lawsuit.
On April 4, 2008, Turner encouraged violence against Lexington, Massachusetts school superintendent Paul Ash for establishing a new curriculum supporting gays and lesbians. On his website, he stated: "I advocate parents using FORCE AND VIOLENCE against Superintendent Paul B. Ash as a method of defending the health and safety of school children presently being endangered through his correct indoctrination into deadly, disease-ridden sodomite lifestyles." He went on to provide Ash's personal information, including his address. Fourteen months later, on June 2, 2009, Turner posted on his blog "Let me be the first to say this plainly: These judges deserve to be killed. Their blood will replenish the tree of liberty. A small price to pay to assure freedom for millions." The next day Turner posted information on how to find Chief Judge Frank Easterbrook and Judges Richard Posner and William Joseph Bauer.
Arrests, trials and conviction.
On June 3, 2009, Turner was arrested in New Jersey and charged with inciting injury to two politicians in Connecticut and a state ethics official. The warrant issued was for inciting his website's readers to "take up arms" against the officials. Two weeks later, Turner was re-arrested on June 24, 2009 at his New Jersey home for making threats against the judges of the United States Court of Appeals in Chicago. When he was arrested, FBI officials seized 200 rounds of ammunition as well as three handguns and one shotgun. In federal case, Turner was denied bail.
On June 30, 2009, the website for Turner's blog was shut down and replaced with a notice stating that the site has been taken down by Turner's family, directing interested parties to a blog for the Family of Hal Turner, with entries by his mother.
"United States v. Turner".
On July 28, 2009 in the case of "United States v. Turner" in Chicago, Turner pleaded not guilty to threatening to kill three federal appellate judges there and then sought his release from custody, saying he had been an informant for the FBI. The judge gave Turner 10 days "to produce concrete evidence of Turner's help to the FBI or federal marshals."
On August 11, Turner was denied bail again. The judge cited the fact that Turner, from his prison cell, recorded and posted on the internet a telephone conversation that included the names of his arresting FBI agents. The judge said that Turner's act "tells me something about the disposition of Mr. Turner."
His lawyer said the defense would use "Turner's background as an FBI informant" and argue that he was "trained by the FBI" as "an agent provocateur" to incite people."
In late October 2009 Turner was freed on $500,000 bond, and was ordered not to use a computer or any device that can access the Internet. His trial started on November 30, 2009 and ended on December 4, 2009, with the defense opting not to call any witnesses. After two hours of deliberation, the jury announced it was deadlocked. Three days later the judge declared a mistrial, and a retrial was set for March 1, 2010. This second trial, overseen by Western District of Louisiana judge Donald Walter, was moved from the Northern District of Illinois to the Eastern District of New York: since the prosecution was to call the three judges to the stand, the defense felt that Turner would not get a fair hearing if the trial was conducted in the same city where the judges worked. A mistrial was declared on March 10.
In August 2010, his third trial began and on August 31, after three days of testimony, the jury found Turner guilty. On 21 December 2010, he was sentenced to 33 months in prison. Upon completion of his sentence, he will be barred from participating in Internet or satellite radio programming for three years. In his sentencing memorandum, U.S. Attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald made the following comment:
"For years, Turner has engaged in a campaign of intimidation against public officials and private citizens alike. Even Turner’s arrest in this case failed to deter him. Turner continued his tactics by using intimidation against a key witness in the government’s case against him. All the while, Turner has displayed defiance and no regret for his actions. Turner remains utterly incapable of acknowledging the genuine fear experienced by his innumerable victims – that is, except when "he" is the victim of a perceived threat. Turner has committed a serious crime, engaged in witness intimidation, lied repeatedly under oath, and has shown no regret whatsoever." 
After his conviction Turner was incarcerated in the Metropolitan Detention Center, Brooklyn, and was moved to his current location in May 2011 at Federal Correctional Complex, Terre Haute. In May, he sent letters to "The Jersey Journal" saying he is one of 38 people housed in Communication Management Unit in the prison Terre Haute with terrorists, like John Walker Lindh, and fears for his life once fellow prisoners find out he was a government informant. According to the Federal Bureau of Prisons, he was incarcerated in Federal Correctional Complex, Terre Haute with a projected release date of October 3, 2012. Since his incarceration in 2010, Turner declared bankruptcy and his wife filed for divorce.
In August 2011, Turner filed an appeal for his conviction, which claims the government "failed to substantiate the charge" and asked to be released pending the appeal. In June 2012, Turner was released from prison in Terre Haute and reported to a halfway house in Newark to serve the remainder while he appeals his sentence. On October 9, 2012 he was released from custody.
"Connecticut v. Turner".
In July 2009 the Connecticut case was handed to a division of the state court that handles more serious matters. In early February 2011, Turner appeared in a Hartford court for the "Connecticut v. Turner" pre-trial hearing on three counts of inciting injuries to persons. The three felony counts Turner is facing each carry one to 10 years in prison.
In late February 2011, the federal government reported that e-mails "show it appears Turner plans to pursue judicial and law-enforcement officials after he’s released from prison." On February 2, Turner wrote "when I get out, I’m gonna go after some ‘problems’ and take care of them in a manner that will be horrific."
On March 25, 2011, Turner appeared in Hartford asking the court to be allowed to change his attorney, telling the judge, "I have no confidence in his ability to defend me." The judge reluctantly allowed him to change his private attorney for a public defender citing Turner's unusually bad year. On April 7, with a public defender at his side, Turner pled not guilty and the case will go to trial.
In July 2011, Turner's public defender asked for the case to be dismissed saying Turner's statements are free speech and that Connecticut courts don't have jurisdiction because his threats were made in New Jersey. Prosecutor Thomas Garcia responded that Turner himself wrote that his intent behind the writing was to "foment direct action" against the lawmakers "personally."
In September 2011, Turner asked Judge Carl J. Schuman to represent himself after disagreeing with his public defender, John Stawicki, about defense strategy. Judge Schuman agreed, but Stawicki remained as stand-by counsel. That same week jury selection began.
On September 16, 2011 after three hours of deliberation he was found not guilty of "felony inciting injury to people and misdemeanor threatening." After hugging his family, Turner was "escorted back into custody" to continue serving his sentence in the federal case.

</doc>
<doc id="18597945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597945" title="Secondo De Marchi">
Secondo De Marchi

Secondo De Marchi (July 30, 1911 – 1995) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he was eliminated in the second round of the heavyweight class after losing his fight to Vincent Stuart.

</doc>
<doc id="18597957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597957" title="Brown (Grotus album)">
Brown (Grotus album)

Brown is the debut album of the Experimental band Grotus.

</doc>
<doc id="18597967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597967" title="Metroid (video game)">
Metroid (video game)

Set on the planet Zebes, the story follows Samus Aran as she attempts to retrieve the parasitic Metroid organisms that were stolen by Space Pirates, who plan to replicate the Metroids by exposing them to beta rays and then use them as biological weapons to destroy Samus and all who oppose them. The game's style, focusing on exploration and the search for power-ups that are used to reach previously inaccessible areas, influenced other video games. Its varied endings for fast completion times made it a popular game for speedrunning. "Metroid" was lauded for being one of the first video games to feature a female protagonist, though the player must complete the game in under five hours for this to be revealed, with the game's instruction manual even using "he" to refer to the protagonist. "Nintendo Power" ranked "Metroid" 11th on their list of the best video games made on a Nintendo video game console. On Top 100 Games lists, "Metroid" was ranked 7th by "Game Informer" and 69th by "Electronic Gaming Monthly".
Gameplay.
"Metroid" is an action-adventure game in which the player controls Samus Aran in sprite-rendered two-dimensional landscapes. The game takes place on the planet Zebes, a large, open-ended world with areas connected by doors and elevators. The player controls Samus Aran as she travels through the planet's caverns and hunts Space Pirates. She begins with a weak power beam as her only weapon, and with only the ability to jump. The player explores more areas and collects power-ups that grant Samus special abilities and enhance her armor and weaponry, granting access to areas that were previously inaccessible. Among the power-ups that are included in the game are the Morph Ball, which allows Samus to curl into a ball to roll into tunnels and use the Bomb weapon, and the Screw Attack, a somersaulting move that destroys enemies in its path. In addition to common enemies, Samus encounters bosses whom she needs to defeat to progress. Defeating an ordinary enemy typically yields additional energy or ammunition, while defeating a boss expands Samus's capacity to carry ammunition and opens the door to the final area.
Plot.
Chronologically, "Metroid" takes place first in the fictional "Metroid" universe. Space Pirates attack a Galactic Federation-owned space research vessel and seize samples of Metroid creatures. Dangerous floating organisms, Metroids can latch on to any organism and drain its life energy to kill it. The Space Pirates plan to replicate Metroids by exposing them to beta rays and then using them as biological weapons to destroy all living beings that oppose them. While searching for the stolen Metroids, the Galactic Federation locates the Space Pirates' base of operations on the planet Zebes. The Federation assaults the planet, but the Pirates resist, forcing the Federation to retreat. As a last resort, the Federation decides to send a lone bounty hunter to penetrate the Pirates' base and destroy Mother Brain, the mechanical life-form that controls the Space Pirates' fortress and its defenses. Considered the greatest of all bounty hunters, Samus Aran is chosen for the mission. Samus lands on the surface of Zebes and explores the planet, traveling through the planet's caverns. She eventually comes across Kraid, an ally of the Space Pirates, and Ridley, the Space Pirates' commander, and defeats them both. Eventually, Samus finds and destroys Mother Brain. She then places a time bomb set for 999 seconds, and escapes the collapsing lair.
Development.
After Nintendo's release of commercially successful platforming games in the 1980s, including "Donkey Kong" (1981), "Ice Climber" (1985), and "Super Mario Bros." (1985), as well as the critically acclaimed adventure game "The Legend of Zelda" (1986), the company began work on an action game. The game was dubbed "Metroid", which is a portmanteau of the words "metro" and "android". It was co-developed by Nintendo's Research and Development 1 division and Intelligent Systems, and produced by Gunpei Yokoi. "Metroid" was directed by Satoru Okada and Yoshio Sakamoto (credited as 'Yamamoto'), and featured music written by Hirokazu Tanaka. Makoto Kano was tasked to create the scenario, and Hiroji Kiyotake, Hirofumi Matsuoka and Yoshio Sakamoto designed the game's characters. The character design for Samus Aran was created by Kiyotake. Officially defined as a scrolling shooter video game, Nintendo released "Metroid" for the Family Computer Disk System on August 6, 1986, and on the Nintendo Entertainment System in August 1987.
The production was described as a "very free working environment" by Tanaka, who stated that, despite being the composer, he also gave input for the game's graphics and helped name the game's areas. Part way through development, one of the developers asked the others, "Hey, wouldn't that be kind of cool if it turned out that this person inside the suit was a woman?", an idea which was incorporated into the game (though the instruction manual for the game uses the pronoun "he" to refer to Samus many times). Ridley Scott's 1979 horror film "Alien" was described by Sakamoto as a "huge influence" on "Metroid" after the game's world had been created. The development staff was affected by the work of the film's creature designer H. R. Giger, and found his creations to be fitting for the "Metroid" universe.
Nintendo attempted to set "Metroid" apart from other games by making it a nonlinear adventure-based game, in which exploration was a crucial part of the experience. The game often requires that players retrace their steps to progress, forcing the player to scroll the screen left in addition to moving it right, as was the case in most contemporary games. "Metroid" was also considered one of the first to impress a feeling of desperation and solitude on the player. Following "The Legend of Zelda", "Metroid" helped pioneer the idea of acquiring tools to strengthen characters and help progress through the game. Up until that point, most ability-enhancing power-ups like the Power Shot in "Gauntlet" (1985) and the Starman in "Super Mario Bros." offered only temporary boosts to characters, and they were not required to complete the game. In "Metroid", however, items were permanent fixtures that lasted until the end. In particular, missiles were mandatory to finish the game.
After defeating Mother Brain, the player is given an end screen based on the time it took them to get there. "Metroid" is one of the first games to contain multiple endings, with five in total. In the third, fourth, and fifth endings, Samus Aran appears without her suit, and for the first time, reveals herself to be a woman. In Japan, the Disk Card media used by the Disk System allowed players to save up to three different games in "Metroid", similar to the three save slots in "The Legend of Zelda" in the West. Use of an internal battery to manage files was not fully realized in time for "Metroid"s international release. The Western versions of "Metroid" use a password system that was new to the industry at the time, in which players write down a 24-letter code and re-enter it into the game when they wish to continue a previous session. Codes also allow for changes in gameplay; the "NARPAS SWORD" grants Samus infinite ammunition, health, all power-ups, and a modified Ice Beam. The "JUSTIN BAILEY" code lets the player play as Samus without her Power Suit, which was thought by some to be the only way to use the feature, however it is available simply by beating the game quickly enough to reveal Samus wearing a leotard at the ending sequence. However, the game on the Nintendo 3DS becomes inoperable if the player enters a code that the game does not recognize.
Music.
Tanaka said he wanted to make a score that made players feel like they were encountering a "living organism" and had no distinction between music and sound effects. The only time the main "Metroid" theme is heard is when Mother Brain is defeated, to give the victorious player a catharsis. During the rest of the game, no melodies are present because Tanaka wanted the soundtrack to be the opposite of the upbeat tunes found in other games at that time.
In his book "Maestro Mario: How Nintendo Transformed Videogame Music into an Art," videogame scholar Andrew Schartmann notes the possible influence of Jerry Goldsmith's "Alien" score on Tanaka's music—a hypothesis supported by Sakamoto's acknowledgement of "Alien"'s influence on the game's development. As Schartmann notes, "Much like Metroid, the movie owes some of its tensest moments to silence." Schartmann further argues that Tanaka's emphasis on silence was revolutionary to videogame composition:
This view is echoed by Gamespot's "History of Metroid," which notes how the "music superbly evoked the proper feelings of solitude and loneliness one would expect while infiltrating a hostile alien planet alone."
Reception.
"Metroid" has shipped 2.73 million units worldwide. In "Nintendo Power"s list of the Top 200 Games, "Metroid" was ranked the 11th-best game made on a Nintendo video game console. Two years later, the magazine also named "Metroid" the fifth-best game for the Nintendo Entertainment System in its Best of the Best feature, describing it as a combination of "Super Mario Bros."s platforming and "The Legend of Zelda"s exploration and character upgrades. On Top 100 Games lists, the game was ranked 69th by "Electronic Gaming Monthly", and 6th by "Game Informer" then 7th in 2009 by "Game Informer". "Game Informer" also put "Metroid" 7th on their list of "The Top 200 Games of All Time", saying that it "started the concept of open exploration in games". GamesRadar ranked it the fifth best NES game ever made. The staff felt that it had aged after the release of "Super Metroid" but was "fantastic for its time". "Metroid"s multiple endings enticed players to race through the game as fast as possible, a method of play commonly known as speedrunning. The game was re-released or made available several times after its original launch. Linking the Game Boy Advance game "Metroid Fusion" (2002) with the Nintendo GameCube's "Metroid Prime" (2002) using a special cable unlocks the full version of "Metroid". An emulated version of "Metroid" was available as a bonus upon completion of "" (2004). A Game Boy Advance port of "Metroid", part of the Classic NES Series collection, was released in Japan on August 10, 2004, in North America on October 25, 2004, and in Europe on January 7, 2005. The game arrived on the Wii Virtual Console in Europe on July 20, 2007, in North America on August 13, 2007, and in Japan on March 4, 2008. "Metroid" was released for the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console in March 1, 2012. This release was featured amongst other games from the NES and Super NES to be released for the 3DS on a tech demo called "Classic Games" at E3 2010. Nintendo of America president Reggie Fils-Aime said "not to think of them as remakes". Miyamoto said that these classics might be using "new features in the games that would take advantage of the 3DS' capabilities".
In a retrospective focusing on the entire "Metroid" series, GameTrailers remarked on the original game's legacy and its effect on the video game industry. They noted that starting with "Metroid", search and discovery is what continues to make the franchise popular. The website felt that the combination of detailed sprites, original map designs, and an intimidating musical score "generated an unparalleled ambience and atmosphere that trapped the viewer in an almost claustrophobic state". They also noted that the Morph Ball, first introduced in "Metroid", "slammed an undeniable stamp of coolness on the whole experience and the franchise", and they enjoyed the end segment after defeating Mother Brain, claiming that the race to escape the planet Zebes was a "twist few saw coming". The game brought "explosive action" to the Nintendo Entertainment System and a newfound respect for female protagonists. Noting that "Metroid" was not the first game to offer an open world, nor was it the first side-view platformer exploration game, and neither was it the first game to allow players to reach new areas using newly acquired items, Gamasutra praised "Metroid" for being perhaps the first video game to "take these different elements and rigorously mold them into a game-ruling structure".
Reviewing the Classic NES Series version of the game, GameSpot noted that 18 years after its initial release, "Metroid" "just doesn't measure up to today's action adventure standards", giving the game a rating of 5.2 out of 10, for "mediocre". For the Wii Virtual Console version, IGN commented that the game's presentation, graphics, and sound were basic. However, they were still pleased with "Metroid"s "impressive" gameplay, rating the game 8.0 out of 10, for "great," and giving it an Editor's Choice award. The review stated that the game was "still impressive in scope" and that the price was "a deal for this adventure" while criticising the number of times it has been re-released and noting that it takes "patience" to get past the high initial difficulty curve. In GameSpot's review of the Virtual Console version, they criticized its "frustrating room layouts" and "constantly flickering graphics". In particular, the website was disappointed that Nintendo did not make any changes to the game, specifically criticizing the lack of a save feature.
"Metroid"s gameplay style, focusing on exploration and searching for power-ups to reach previously inaccessible areas, influenced other series, most notably the post-"" titles of the "Castlevania" series. The revelation of Samus being a woman was also lauded as innovative, with GameTrailers remarking that this "blew the norm of women in pieces, at a time when female video game characters were forced into the role of dutiful queen or kidnapped princess, missile-blasting the way for other characters like Chun-Li the "Street Fighter" series and Lara Croft the "Tomb Raider" series". 
Enhanced remake.
The game was also reimagined as with a more developed backstory, enhanced graphics, and same general game layout.

</doc>
<doc id="18597983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597983" title="Seaweed">
Seaweed

Seaweed is a loose colloquial term encompassing macroscopic, multicellular, benthic marine algae. The term includes some members of the red, brown and green algae. Seaweeds can also be classified by use (as food, medicine, fertilizer, filtration, industrial, etc.).
Taxonomy.
A seaweed may belong to one of several groups of multicellular algae: the red algae, green algae, and brown algae. As these three groups are not thought to have a common multicellular ancestor, the seaweeds are a polyphyletic group. In addition, some tuft-forming bluegreen algae (Cyanobacteria) are sometimes considered to be seaweeds — "seaweed" is a colloquial term and lacks a formal definition.
Structure.
Seaweeds' appearance somewhat resembles non-arboreal terrestrial plants.
The stipe and blade are collectively known as the frond.
Ecology.
Two specific environmental requirements dominate seaweed ecology. These are the presence of seawater (or at least brackish water) and the presence of light sufficient to drive photosynthesis. Another common requirement is a firm attachment point. As a result, seaweeds most commonly inhabit the littoral zone and within that zone more frequently on rocky shores than on sand or shingle. Seaweeds occupy a wide range of ecological niches. The highest elevation is only wetted by the tops of sea spray, the lowest is several meters deep. In some areas, littoral seaweeds can extend several miles out to sea. The limiting factor in such cases is sunlight availability. The deepest living seaweeds are some species of red algae.
A number of species such as "Sargassum" have adapted to a fully planktonic niche and are free-floating, depending on gas-filled sacs to maintain an acceptable depth.
Others have adapted to live in tidal rock pools. In this habitat seaweeds must withstand rapidly changing temperature and salinity and even occasional drying.
Uses.
Seaweed has a variety of purposes, for which it is farmed or foraged from the wild.
At the beginning of 2011, Indonesia produced 3 million tonnes of seaweed and surpassed the Philippines as the world's largest seaweed producer. By 2012 the production was to have hit 10 million tonnes.
Food.
Seaweeds are consumed by coastal people, particularly in East Asia, e.g., Brunei, Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, Burma, Cambodia, and Vietnam, and also in South Africa, Indonesia, Malaysia, Belize, Peru, Chile, the Canadian Maritimes, Scandinavia, South West England, Ireland, Wales, California, Philippines, and Scotland.
In Asia, nori (海苔, Japan), zicai (紫菜, China), and gim (김, Korea) are sheets of dried "Porphyra" used in soups or to wrap sushi. "Chondrus crispus" (commonly known as 'Irish moss' or carrageenan moss) is another red alga used in producing food additives, along with Kappaphycus and gigartinoid seaweeds. "Porphyra" is a red alga used in Wales to make laver. Laverbread, made from oats and the laver, is a popular dish there. In northern Belize, edible seaweeds are mixed with milk, nutmeg, cinnamon, and vanilla to make a common beverage affectionately called "dulce" (or "sweet").
Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate, agar and carrageenan, gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids. Hydrocolloids have attained commercial significance as food additives. The food industry exploits their gelling, water-retention, emulsifying and other physical properties. Agar is used in foods such as confectionery, meat and poultry products, desserts and beverages and moulded foods. Carrageenan is used in salad dressings and sauces, dietetic foods, and as a preservative in meat and fish products, dairy items and baked goods.
Herbalism.
Alginates are commonly used in wound dressings, and production of dental moulds. In microbiology research, agar — a plant-based goo similar to gelatin and made from seaweed — is extensively used as culture medium. Carrageenans, alginates and agaroses (the latter are prepared from agar by purification), with other lesser-known macroalgal polysaccharides, have several important biological activities or applications in biomedicine.
Seaweed is a source of iodine, necessary for thyroid function and to prevent goitre. However, an excess of iodine is suspected in the heightened cancer risk in Japanese who consume a lot of the plant and even bigger risks in post-menopausal women.
Seaweeds may have curative properties for tuberculosis, arthritis, colds and influenza, worm infestations and even tumors. In Japan, seaweed eaten as nori is known as a remedy for radiation poisoning.
Seaweed extract is used in some diet pills. Other seaweed pills exploit the same effect as gastric banding, expanding in the stomach to make the body feel more full.
Filtration.
The strong photosynthesis of algae creates a large affinity for nutrients; this allows the seaweed to be used purposely to remove undesired nutrients from water. Nutrients such as ammonia, ammonium, nitrate, nitrite, phosphate, iron, copper, as well as CO2 are rapidly consumed by growing seaweed. Reefs and lakes are naturally filtered this way (the seaweed being consumed by fish and invertabrates), and this filtering process is duplicated in man-made seaweed filters such as algae scrubbers.
Seaweed (macroalgae), as opposed to microalgae (phytoplankton), is used almost universally for filtration purposes because of the need to be able to easily remove (harvest) the algae from the water, which then removes the nutrients. Microalgae require more processing to separate it from the water than macroalgae does; macroalgae is simply pulled out. 
When used for filtration, saltwater algae commonly grows species of Cladophora, Ulva, and Chaetomorpha. Freshwater filtration applications are useful, too, and will commonly grow species such as Spirogyra.
Other uses.
Other seaweeds may be used as fertilizer, compost for landscaping, or a means of combating beach erosion through burial in beach dunes. Seaweed is under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol. 
Seaweed is an ingredient in toothpaste, cosmetics and paints. Alginates enjoy many of the same uses as carrageenan and are used in industrial products such as paper coatings, adhesives, dyes, gels, explosives and in processes such as paper sizing, textile printing, hydro-mulching and drilling. Research suggests that the Australian seaweed Delisea pulchra may interfere with bacterial colonization.
Health risks.
Rotting seaweed is a potent source of hydrogen sulfide, a highly toxic gas, and has been implicated in some incidents of apparent hydrogen-sulphide poisoning. It can cause vomiting and diarrhoea.

</doc>
<doc id="18597993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597993" title="Unicorn mantis">
Unicorn mantis

Unicorn mantis is the common name for several species of praying mantis across different genera with horn-like protrusions on their heads including:

</doc>
<doc id="18597999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18597999" title="Thomas Pardoe (boxer)">
Thomas Pardoe (boxer)

Thomas "Tommy" Pardoe (April 14, 1911 – December 7, 1992) was an English boxer who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Birmingham.
In 1932 he finished fourth in the flyweight class after losing the bronze medal bout to Louis Salica.
At the 1930 Empire Games he won the silver medal in the flyweight class after losing the final to Jacob Smith.
Tommy Pardoe was born on April 14, 1911 and lived at 8 Church Walk, Ward End Birmingham, one of fifteen children.
He became Amateur Flyweight Champion of Great Brittan (ABAE) on 20 March 1929, also winning the title on a further five occasions. He fought in the 1932 summer Olympic Games in Los Angeles and was ranked forth, however his was awarded a Bronze medal.
In boxing, if one of the semi-final losers is knocked out, he can't box again for a certain time period as a safety precaution, and it wouldn’t be fair to take away his chance at a bronze medal just because his semi-final opponent was so much better than the others, in all other cases the losing semi-finalists both get a bronze in Olympics and other games because, there are no qualifying events before the main events.
Pardoe competed for England and finished second in the 1930 British Empire Games Flyweight class after losing the final to Jacob Smith.
He turned professional and on 11 December 1933 won his first fight with Bert Kirby, whom he again defeated on 12 March 1934 in the British (Southern Area) Flyweight Title. On 11 June 1934, he beat Joe Mendiola and then fought Benny Lynch 15 April 1935.
He put up a tremendous fight against Lynch in an eliminator for British Flyweight title, winning five of the last six rounds, but bearing in mind Lynch’s superior experience (82 professional fights), he was knocked out in the fourteenth round. This fight seemed to spell the end of Pardoe’s professional career; he had a further seven fights, but did not win another professional fight.
He died 7 December 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18598004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598004" title="NK Junak Sinj">
NK Junak Sinj

Nogometni Klub Junak Sinj ("Football Club Junak Sinj"), commonly referred to as Junak Sinj or just Junak is a Croatian football club based in the town of Sinj, in the southern Croatian region of Dalmatia. They currently compete in Treća HNL - South, Croatian third level. Junak play their home matches at the 3,096-capacity Gradski stadion Sinj ().
History.
NK Junak Sinj was founded on 18 July 1916. For a brief period between 1922 and 1924 the club was called Velebit. The club was established by university students from Sinj who had been introduced to football in cities such as Split and Zagreb and who decided to form a club in their hometown. The name "Junak" () was chosen as a reply to "Hajduk" (), as in Hajduk Split, the name of the well-known club from the nearby city of Split which had been formed five years earlier. The first President was Ante Brož.
The club's home kit is blue, although they played in black and white kits in the early 20th century as blue cloth was expensive and difficult to come by at the time. Junak played their very first game on 15 August 1916 and the side was captained by Mirko Kačić.

</doc>
<doc id="18598010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598010" title="Nepali Congress (Subarna)">
Nepali Congress (Subarna)

Nepali Congress (Subarna) is a political party in Nepal. The party was formed in 1978, through a split in the Nepali Congress. At the time of the split, the Nepali Congress (Subarna) was led by Bakhan Singh Gurung and Surya Prasad Upadhyaya. The party was initially known as the '38 group'.
The party contested the 1981 Rastriya Panchayat election, launching 36 candidates as 'independents'. Four of its candidates were elected, Dr. K.I. Singh, Bakhan Singh Gurung, Kashi Nath Gautam and Bhagwat Yadav.

</doc>
<doc id="18598020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598020" title="Fried chicken">
Fried chicken

Fried chicken (also referred to as Southern fried chicken) is a dish consisting of chicken pieces usually from broiler chickens which have been floured or battered and then pan-fried, deep fried, or pressure fried. The breading adds a crisp coating or crust to the exterior. What separates fried chicken from other fried forms of chicken is that generally the chicken is cut at the joints and the bones and skin are left intact. Crisp well-seasoned skin, rendered of excess fat, is a hallmark of well made fried chicken.
Preparation.
Generally, chickens are not fried whole; instead, the chicken is divided into its four main constituent pieces: the two white meat sections are the breast and the wing from the front of the chicken, while the dark meat sections are the thigh and leg or "drumstick", are from the rear of the chicken. To prepare the chicken pieces for frying, they are dredged in flour or a similar dry substance (possibly following marination or dipping in milk or buttermilk) to coat the meat and to develop a crust. Seasonings such as salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, or ranch dressing mix can be mixed in with the flour. As the pieces of chicken cook, some of the moisture that exudes from the chicken is absorbed by the coating of flour and browns along with the flour, creating a flavorful crust. Traditionally, lard is used to fry the chicken, but corn oil, peanut oil, canola oil, or vegetable oil are also frequently used. The flavor of olive oil is generally considered too strong to be used for traditional fried chicken, and its low smoke point makes it unsuitable for use.
There are three main techniques for frying chickens: pan frying, deep frying and broasting. Pan frying (or shallow frying) requires a frying pan of sturdy construction and a source of fat that does not fully immerse the chicken. The chicken pieces are prepared as above, then fried. Generally the fat is heated to a temperature hot enough to seal (without browning, at this point) the outside of the chicken pieces. Once the pieces have been added to the hot fat and sealed, the temperature is reduced. There is debate as to how often to turn the chicken pieces, with one camp arguing for often turning and even browning, and the other camp pushing for letting the pieces render skin side down and only turning when absolutely necessary. Once the chicken pieces are close to being done the temperature is raised and the pieces are browned to the desired color (some cooks add small amounts of butter at this point to enhance browning). The moisture from the chicken that sticks and browns on the bottom of the pan become the fonds required to make gravy. Chicken Maryland is made when the pan of chicken pieces, and fat, is placed in the oven to cook, for a majority of the overall cooking time, basically "fried in the oven".
Deep frying requires a deep fryer or other device in which the chicken pieces can be completely submerged in hot fat. The pieces are floured as above or battered using a batter of flour and liquid (and seasonings) mixed together. The batter can/may contain ingredients like eggs, milk, and leavening. The fat is heated in the deep fryer to the desired temperature. The pieces are added to the fat and a constant temperature is maintained throughout the cooking process.
Broasting uses a pressure cooker to accelerate the process. The moisture inside the chicken becomes steam and increases the pressure in the cooker, lowering the cooking temperature needed. The steam also cooks the chicken through, but still allows the pieces to be moist and tender while maintaining a crisp coating. Fat is heated in a pressure cooker. Chicken pieces are then floured or battered and then placed in the hot fat. The lid is placed on the pressure cooker, and the chicken pieces are thus fried under pressure.
History.
Fritters have existed in Europe since the middle ages. The Scots, and later Scottish immigrants to the southern United States, had a tradition of deep frying chicken in fat, unlike their English counterparts who baked or boiled chicken.
A number of West African cuisines featured dishes where chicken was fried, typically in palm oil, sometimes having been battered before. These would be served on special occasions in some areas, or sometimes sold in the streets as snacks in others. This provided some means of independent economy for enslaved and segregated African American women, who became noted sellers of poultry (live or cooked) as early as the 1730s. Because of this and the expensive nature of the ingredients, it was, despite popular perception, a rare and special dish in the African-American community.
After the development of larger and faster-growing hogs (due to crosses between European and Asian breeds) in the 18th and 19th century, in the United States, backyard and small-scale hog production provided an inexpensive means of converting waste food, crop waste, and garbage into calories (in a relatively small space and in a relatively short period of time). Many of those calories came in the form of fat and rendered lard. Lard was used for almost all cooking and was a fundamental component in many common homestead foods (many that today are still regarded as holiday and comfort foods) like biscuits and pies. The economic/caloric necessity of consuming lard and other saved fats may have led to the popularity of fried foods, not only in the US, but worldwide. In the 19th century cast iron became widely available for use in cooking. The combination of flour, lard, a chicken and a heavy pan placed over a relatively controllable flame became the beginning of today's fried chicken.
When it was introduced to the American South, fried chicken became a common staple. Later, as the slave trade led to Africans being brought to work on southern plantations, the slaves who became cooks incorporated seasonings and spices that were absent in traditional Scottish cuisine, enriching the flavor. Since most slaves were unable to raise expensive meats, but generally allowed to keep chickens, frying chicken on special occasions continued in the African American communities of the South. It endured the fall of slavery and gradually passed into common use as a general Southern dish. Since fried chicken traveled well in hot weather before refrigeration was commonplace, it gained further favor in the periods of American history when segregation closed off most restaurants to the black population. Fried chicken continues to be among this region's top choices for "Sunday dinner" among both blacks and whites. Holidays such as Independence Day and other gatherings often feature this dish.
Since the American Civil War, traditional slave foods like fried chicken, watermelon, and chitterlings have suffered a strong association with African American stereotypes and blackface minstrelsy. This was commercialized for the first half of the 20th century by restaurants like Sambo's and Coon Chicken Inn, which selected exaggerated depictions of blacks as mascots, implying quality by their association with the stereotype. Although also being acknowledged positively as "soul food" today, the affinity that African American culture has for fried chicken has been considered a delicate, often pejorative issue. While the perception of fried chicken as an ethnic dish has been fading for several decades, with the ubiquity of fried chicken dishes in the US, it persists as a racial stereotype.
Before the industrialization of chicken production, and the creation of broiler breeds of chicken, only young spring chickens (pullets or cockerels) would be suitable for the higher heat and relatively fast cooking time of frying, making fried chicken a luxury of spring and summer. Older, tougher birds require longer cooking times at lower temperatures. To compensate for this, sometimes tougher birds are simmered till tender, allowed to cool and dry, and then fried. (This method is common in Australia.) Another method is to fry the chicken pieces using a pan fried method. The chicken pieces are then simmered in liquid, usually, a gravy made in the pan that the chicken pieces were cooked in. This process (of flouring, frying and simmering in gravy) is known as "smothering" and can be used for other tough cuts of meat, such as swiss steak. Smothered chicken is still consumed today, though with the exception of people who raise their own chickens, or who seek out stewing hens, it is primarily made using commercial broiler chickens.
The derivative phrases "country fried" and "chicken fried" often refer to other foods prepared in the manner of fried chicken. Usually, this means a boneless, tenderized piece of meat that has been floured or battered and cooked in any of the methods described above or simply chicken which is cooked outdoors. Chicken fried steak and "country fried" boneless chicken breast are two common examples.
Global variants.
Throughout the world, different seasoning and spices are used to augment the flavor of fried chicken. Because of the versatility of fried chicken, it is not uncommon to flavor the chicken's crisp exterior with a variety of spices ranging from spicy to savory. Depending on regional market ubiquity, local spice variations may be labeled as distinct from traditional Southern U.S. flavors, or may appear on menus without notation. With access to chickens suitable for frying broadening on a global scale with the advent of industrialized poultry farming, many localities have added their own mark on fried chicken, tweaking recipes to suit local preferences.
Racial stereotype.
In the United States, fried chicken has stereotypically been associated with African Americans. The reasons for this are various. Chicken dishes were popular among slaves before the Civil War, as chickens were generally the only animals slaves could raise on their own. 
On two occasions the golfer Tiger Woods has been the target of remarks regarding fried chicken. The first occurred in 1997 when golfer Fuzzy Zoeller said that Woods should avoid choosing fried chicken for the Masters champions' dinner the following year; the second when golfer Sergio García was asked in a press conference in 2013 whether he would invite Woods to dinner during the U.S. Open to settle their ongoing feud. García said: "We will have him round every night . . . We will serve fried chicken," which Woods said was "wrong, hurtful and clearly inappropriate". Both Zoeller and García subsequently apologized to Woods.
In 2009, a Bangladeshi immigrant to the U.S. renamed his restaurant "Obama Fried Chicken" in honor of recently inaugurated President Barack Obama. Despite controversy at the time, the owner refused to change the name back, and the restaurant continues to operate under this name.
In 2012, Burger King received criticism over a commercial for a fried chicken wrap served by the restaurant that was seen as using negative racial stereotypes in relation to fried chicken.

</doc>
<doc id="18598045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598045" title="Ariusia">
Ariusia

Ariusia is a genus of insect in the family Tarachodidae. It contains only one species: "Ariusia conspersa".

</doc>
<doc id="18598046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598046" title="Kiyonobu Murakami">
Kiyonobu Murakami

He was the national champion in the flyweight division for two years running in 1930–31, winning at the Japan Amateur Boxing Association's Japanese Amateur Boxing Championships.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Thomas Pardoe.

</doc>
<doc id="18598051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598051" title="Gunnarsson">
Gunnarsson

Gunnarsson is a surname of Icelandic or Swedish origin, meaning "son of Gunnar". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598053" title="Gunnarson">
Gunnarson

Gunnarson is a surname of Scandinavian origin, meaning "son of Gunnar". The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598076" title="Tommy Hughes (baseball)">
Tommy Hughes (baseball)

Thomas Owen Hughes (October 7, 1919 – November 28, 1990) was an American professional baseball player. Born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, he was a right-handed pitcher who appeared in 144 games pitched in the Major Leagues from – and – for the Philadelphia Phillies and Cincinnati Reds. Hughes stood tall and weighed .
During his rookie season, on June 3, 1941, Hughes threw a one-hit, 7–0 shutout against the Chicago Cubs, with Lou Novikoff getting the only safety. But his best season came in 1942, when he appeared in 40 games, 31 as a starting pitcher, and set a career high in wins (12) and innings pitched (253), and notched a low 3.06 earned run average. However, with a last-place Phillies team behind him, he lost 18 games, also a career high. Hughes then spent three full seasons (1943–1945) in the United States Army during World War II. 
Pitching for second-division National League teams that never won more than 65 games in any of his five seasons, Hughes never recorded a .500 winning percentage in the Majors. In 144 games, 87 as a starter, and 688 innings pitched, he gave up 698 hits and 308 bases on balls, with 221 strikeouts, 31 complete games, and five shutouts.

</doc>
<doc id="18598084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598084" title="Chrysomantis">
Chrysomantis

Chrysomantis is a genus of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae. They are native to Africa and are represented by the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18598086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598086" title="2001–02 Real Madrid C.F. season">
2001–02 Real Madrid C.F. season

The 2001-02 season was Real Madrid C.F.'s 71st season in La Liga. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club played in the 2001-02 season.
Transfers.
In.
Ronaldo (from Inter Milan)
Total spending: €72,000,000
Out.
Total income: €0

</doc>
<doc id="18598100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598100" title="Chrysomantis cachani">
Chrysomantis cachani

Chrysomantis cachani is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598120" title="Celina Szymanowska">
Celina Szymanowska

Celina Szymanowska (22 July 1812 – 5 March 1855) was a daughter of the Polish composer and pianist Maria Agata Szymanowska and the wife of the Polish Romantic poet Adam Mickiewicz
Life.
Celina Szymanowska, daughter of Mickiewicz's late friend the pianist Maria Agata Szymanowska, married the 14-years-older Adam Mickiewicz in Paris on 22 July 1834. The couple had six children: daughters Maria and Helena; and four sons, Władysław Mickiewicz (1838–1926), Józef Mickiewicz (1850–1938), Aleksander Mickiewicz and Jan Mickiewicz.
Celina roused the dislike of other Polish émigrés, including the Romantic poet Zygmunt Krasiński. She was accused of extravagance, poor cooking skills, a desire to dominate her husband, and mental instability. 
In 1838 Celina declared herself a prophet, an incarnation of the Mother of God, and redeemer of Poland, of Polish émigrés and of the Jews. She also claimed to possess a power to heal, which she said she had successfully applied to the gravely ill Adolf Zaleski. 
For a time, Adam Mickiewicz cared for his wife himself; but marital discord and Celina's mental illness drove him to attempt suicide on 17 or 18 December 1838 by jumping out a window.
When he found that Celina's mental state was getting worse, Mickiewicz had her committed to a mental hospital at Vanves, where she underwent sleep-deprivation, cold-water and mental-shock therapies. 
Celina was freed from the hospital by Andrzej Towiański, who claimed to have miraculously cured her. She believed his assurances that she had regained her mental health, and to the end of her life she remained under his influence and that of the Circle of God's Cause ("Koło Sprawy Bożej"). 
Upon her death in 1855, she was interred at Paris' Père-Lachaise Cemetery. Exhumed, her remains were transferred to Les Champeaux Cemetery at Montmorency. The Mickiewicz family tomb exists there to the present day.
After Celina's death and the outbreak of the Crimean War in 1855, Adam Mickiewicz left his under-age children in Paris and went to Istanbul, Turkey, to organize legions to fight for Poland's independence from the Russian Empire. At Istanbul he contracted cholera and died.

</doc>
<doc id="18598123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598123" title="Half of a Yellow Sun">
Half of a Yellow Sun

Half of a Yellow Sun is a novel by the Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. Published in 2006 by Knopf/Anchor, it tells the story of two sisters, Olanna and Kainene, during the Biafran War.
Plot.
The novel takes place in Nigeria during the Nigerian-Biafran War in 1967-1970. The effect of the war is shown through the dynamic relationships of four people’s lives ranging from high-ranking political figures, a professor, a British citizen, and a houseboy. After the British left Nigeria, the lives of the main characters drastically changed and were torn apart by the ensuing civil war and decisions in their personal life.
The book jumps between events that took place during the early 1960s and the late 1960s, when the war took place.
In the early 1960s, the main characters are introduced: Ugwu, a 13-year-old village boy who moves in with Odenigbo, to work as his houseboy. Odenigbo frequently entertains intellectuals to discuss the political turmoil in Nigeria. Life changes for Ugwu when Odenigbo’s girlfriend, Olanna, moves in with them. Ugwu forms a strong bond with both of them, and is very loyal. Olanna has a twin sister, Kainene, a woman with a dry sense of humour, tired by the pompous company she is forced to keep. Her lover Richard is an Englishman who has come to Nigeria to study the arts.
Jumping four years ahead, trouble is brewing between the Hausa and the Igbo people and hundreds of people die in the massacres, including Olanna's beloved auntie and uncle. A new republic,called Biafra, is created by the Igbo. As a result of the conflict, Olanna, Odenigbo, their daughter Baby and Ugwu are forced to flee Nsukka, which is the university town and the major intellectual hub of the new nation. They finally end up in the refugee town of Umuahia, where they suffer as a result of food shortages and the constant air raids and paranoid atmosphere. There are also allusions to a conflict between Olanna and Kainene, Richard and Kainene and Olanna and Odenigbo.
When the novel jumps back to the early 1960s, we learn that Odenigbo slept with a village girl, who then had his baby. Olanna is furious at his betrayal, and sleeps with Richard in a moment of weakness. She goes back to Odenigbo and they take in his daughter, whom they call Baby, when her mother refuses her.
Back during the war, and Olanna, Odenigbo, Baby and Ugwu are living with Kainene and Richard where Kainene is running a refugee camp. The situation is hopeless as they have no food or medicine. Kainene decides to trade across enemy lines, but does not return, even after the end of the war a few weeks later. The book ends ambiguously, with the reader not knowing if Kainene lives.the 
The novel and the war.
The Nigerian-Biafran War began on 6 July 1967 and lasted until 15 January 1970. The war broke out due to political and ethnic struggles, partly caused by the numerous attempts of the southeastern provinces of Nigeria to secede and form the Republic of Biafra. Political conflict between the Igbo, Yoruba, Hausa and Fulani people erupted into two deadly military coups. The Igbo tried to breakaway from Nigeria to become the Republic of Biafra, but was met with little support. From 1968 onward, the war fell into a form of deadlock, with Nigerian forces unable to make significant advances into the remaining areas of Biafran control. Nigeria cut off humanitarian aid to Biafra, resulting in hundreds of thousands of civilians dying from starvation and disease. Many lives and resources were lost during the war; and even today there are still tensions between the different ethnic and religious groups of Nigeria.
The story in "Half of a Yellow Sun" centres on the war. The author has stated she believes that many of the issues that caused the war remain today. She further commented that the war is talked about "in uninformed and unimaginative ways", and that the war is as important to the Igbo people her book features today as it was then. Because none of the major political events were changed in the book, Adichie said that the book contained "emotional truth", and that the book showed the war had a significant impact upon the people of Nigeria.
Reception.
"Half of a Yellow Sun" received the 2007 Orange Prize for Fiction. The award is given annually for the best original full-length novel written by a woman in English; Adichie's prize amounted to £30 000. "Purple Hibiscus", her first novel, made the Orange Prize shortlist in 2004.
The novel was well received by critics and included in the "New York Times"'s "100 Most Notable Books of the Year". In a review for "The Seattle Times", Mary Brennan highlights the book as "a sweeping story that provides both a harrowing history lesson and an engagingly human narrative". "The Observer's" Kate Kellaway wrote: "An immense achievement, Half of a Yellow Sun has a ramshackle freedom and exuberant ambition." "The New York Times" had a more mixed reflection of the book, noting that "at times Adichie’s writing is too straightforward, the novel’s pace too slack" but also that "whenever she touches on her favorite themes — loyalty and betrayal — her prose thrums with life."
Aïssatou Sidimé from "San Antonio Express-News" praised Adichie's writing in the book, writing that "alluring and revelatory, eloquent, prize-winning Nigerian writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is quickly proving herself to be fearless in the tradition of the great African writers." Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe commented: “We do not usually associate wisdom with beginners, but here is a new writer endowed with the gift of ancient storytellers," and said about Adichie: "She is fearless, or she would not have taken on the intimidating horror of Nigeria's civil war."
Adaptation.
In 2008, a film adaptation was announced, with a screenplay to be written by playwright Biyi Bandele. The film premiered at Toronto International Film Festival in late 2013, and is set for worldwide release in 2014. The film stars Academy Award nominee Chiwetel Ejiofor and BAFTA Award Winner Thandie Newton. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598144" title="Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994">
Slovakia in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994

Slovakia debuted at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994 in Dublin, Ireland.
Slovenská Televízia (STV), the Slovak public television, selected the Slovak rock band Tublatanka to represent them for the first time in the history of the Eurovision Song Contest. The song that represented Slovakia was "Nekonečná pieseň" ("Neverending song"), composed by band member Martin 'Maťo' Ďurinda with lyrics by Martin Sarvaš.
At Eurovision.
Tublatanka performed 15th on the night of the contest, following Germany and preceding Lithuania. They received 15 points, placing 19th of 25, relegating Slovakia from the 1995 contest.

</doc>
<doc id="18598145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598145" title="Chrysomantis centralis">
Chrysomantis centralis

Chrysomantis centralis is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598146" title="Musée de la Serrure">
Musée de la Serrure

The Musée de la Serrure, also known as the Musée de la Serrurerie or the Musée Bricard, is a private museum of locks and keys located in the 3rd arrondissement at 1 rue de la Perle, Paris, France. It is open weekdays; an admission fee is charged.
The museum was established by the Bricard Company, and is located within the Hôtel Libéral Bruant (1685), the home of Libéral Bruant (1635-1697), Parisian architect of Les Invalides. It is dedicated to the art of keys, locks, and door knockers, and displays an assortment of locks from Roman times to the present, including keys made of bronze and in Gallo-Roman iron, knockers from the Middle Ages, and locks and keys from the 16th through 19th centuries. The museum also has a locksmith's workshop, plus displays of ironworks.
Musee de la serrure Paris definitively closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18598148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598148" title="Arthur C. Clarke">
Arthur C. Clarke

Sir Arthur Charles Clarke, CBE, FRAS (Sri Lankabhimanya Arthur Charles Clarke) (16 December 1917 – 19 March 2008) was a British science fiction writer, science writer, inventor, undersea explorer, and television series host.
He is perhaps most famous for being co-writer of the screenplay for the movie "", considered by the American Film Institute to be one of the most influential films of all time. His other science fiction writings earned him a number of Hugo and Nebula awards, along with a large readership, making him into one of the towering figures of the field. For many years he, along with Robert Heinlein and Isaac Asimov, were known as the "Big Three" of science fiction.
Clarke was a lifelong proponent of space travel. In 1934 while still a teenager, he joined the British Interplanetary Society. In 1945, he proposed a satellite communication system—an idea that, in 1963, won him the Franklin Institute's Stuart Ballantine Medal. Later he was the chairman of the British Interplanetary Society from 1946–47 and again in 1951-53.
Clarke was also a science writer, who was both an avid popularizer of space travel and a futurist of uncanny ability, who won a Kalinga Prize (award given by Unesco for popularizing science) in 1961. These all together eventually earned him the moniker "prophet of the space age".
Clarke emigrated to Sri Lanka in 1956, largely to pursue his interest in scuba diving. That year he discovered the underwater ruins of the ancient Koneswaram temple in Trincomalee. He lived in Sri Lanka until his death. He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 and was awarded Sri Lanka's highest civil honour, Sri Lankabhimanya, in 2005.
Biography.
Early years.
Clarke was born in Minehead, Somerset, England and grew up in nearby Bishops Lydeard. As a boy, he grew up on a farm enjoying stargazing and reading old American science fiction pulp magazines. After secondary education at Huish Grammar School in Taunton, after moving to London in 1936 he joined the Board of Education as a pensions auditor.
World War II.
During World War II from 1941 to 1946 he served in the Royal Air Force as a radar specialist and was involved in the early warning radar defence system, which contributed to the RAF's success during the Battle of Britain. Clarke spent most of his wartime service working on Ground Controlled Approach (GCA) radar, as documented in the semi-autobiographical "Glide Path", his only non-science-fiction novel. Although GCA did not see much practical use during the war, it proved vital to the Berlin Airlift of 1948–1949 after several years of development. Clarke initially served in the ranks, and was a corporal instructor on radar at No. 2 Radio School, RAF Yatesbury in Wiltshire. He was commissioned as a Pilot Officer (Technical Branch) on 27 May 1943. He was promoted Flying Officer on 27 November 1943. He was appointed chief training instructor at RAF Honiley in Warwickshire and was demobilised with the rank of flight lieutenant.
Postwar.
After the war he earned a first-class degree in mathematics and physics at King's College London, with honours. After this he worked as Assistant Editor at Physics Abstracts. Clarke then served as Chairman of the British Interplanetary Society from 1946 to 1947 and again from 1951 to 1953.
Although he was not the originator of the concept of geostationary satellites, one of his most important contributions may be his idea that they would be ideal telecommunications relays. He advanced this idea in a paper privately circulated among the core technical members of the BIS in 1945. The concept was published in "Wireless World" in October of that year. Clarke also wrote a number of non-fiction books describing the technical details and societal implications of rocketry and space flight. The most notable of these may be "The Exploration of Space" (1951) and "The Promise of Space" (1968). In recognition of these contributions the geostationary orbit above the equator is officially recognised by the International Astronomical Union as a Clarke Orbit.
On a trip to Florida in 1953 Clarke met and quickly married Marilyn Mayfield, a 22-year-old American divorcee with a young son. They separated permanently after six months, although the divorce was not finalised until 1964. "The marriage was incompatible from the beginning", says Clarke. Clarke never remarried, but was close to a Sri Lankan man, Leslie Ekanayake, whom the author called his "only perfect friend of a lifetime" in his dedication to "The Fountains of Paradise". Clarke is buried with Ekanayake, who predeceased him by three decades, in the Colombo central cemetery. In his biography of Stanley Kubrick, John Baxter cites Clarke's homosexuality as a reason why he relocated, due to more tolerant laws with regard to homosexuality in Sri Lanka. Journalists who enquired of Clarke whether he was gay were told, "No, merely mildly cheerful." However, Michael Moorcock has written: 
In an interview in the July 1986 issue of "Playboy" magazine, Clarke stated "Of course. Who hasn't?" when asked if he had had bisexual experience. In his obituary, Clarke's friend Kerry O'Quinn wrote : "Yes, Arthur was gay ... As Isaac Asimov once told me, 'I think he simply found he preferred men.' Arthur didn't publicize his sexuality — that wasn't the focus of his life — but if asked, he was open and honest."
Clarke maintained a vast collection of manuscripts and personal memoirs, maintained by his brother Fred Clarke in Taunton, Somerset, England, and referred to as the "Clarkives." Clarke said that some of his private diaries will not be published until 30 years after his death. When asked why they were sealed, he answered "Well, there might be all sorts of embarrassing things in them."
Sri Lanka.
Clarke lived in Sri Lanka from 1956 until his death in 2008, having emigrated there when it was still called Ceylon, first in Unawatuna on the south coast, and then in Colombo. The Sri Lankan government offered Clarke resident guest status in 1975.
In the early 1970s Clarke signed a three-book publishing deal, a record for a science-fiction writer at the time. The first of the three was "Rendezvous with Rama" in 1973, which won all the main genre awards and spawned sequels that, with the "2001" series, formed the backbone of his later career.
In a 1974 taped interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, the interviewer asked Clarke how he believed the computer would change the future for the everyday person, and what life would be like around the year 2001. Clarke accurately predicted many things that became reality, including online banking, online shopping, and other now commonplace things. Responding to a question about how the interviewer's son's life would be different, Clark responded: "will have, in his own house, not a computer as big as this, [points to nearby computer, but at least, a console through which he can talk, through his local computer and get all the information he needs, for his everyday life, like his bank statements, his theatre reservations, all the information you need in the course of living in our complex modern society, this will be in a compact form in his own house ... and he will take it as much for granted as we take the telephone."
Television series host.
In the 1980s Clarke became well known to many for his television programmes "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World", "Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers" and "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe". In 1986 he was named a Grand Master by the Science Fiction Writers of America. In 1988 he was diagnosed with post-polio syndrome, having originally contracted polio in 1962, and needed to use a wheelchair most of the time thereafter. Clarke was for many years a Vice Patron of the British Polio Fellowship.
In the 1989 Queen's Birthday Honours Clarke was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) "for services to British cultural interests in Sri Lanka". The same year he became the first Chancellor of the International Space University, serving from 1989 to 2004 and he also served as Chancellor of Moratuwa University in Sri Lanka from 1979 to 2002.
In 1994, Clarke appeared in a science fiction film; he portrayed himself in the telefilm "Without Warning", an American production about an apocalyptic alien first contact scenario presented in the form of a faux newscast. Clarke also became active in promoting the preservation of gorillas and became a patron of the Gorilla Organization which fights for the preservation of gorillas. When tantalum mining for cell phone manufacture threatened the gorillas in 2001, he lent his voice to their cause.
Knighthood.
On 26 May 2000 he was made a Knight Bachelor "for services to literature" at a ceremony in Colombo. The award of a knighthood had been announced in the 1998 New Year Honours, but investiture with the award had been delayed, at Clarke's request, because of an accusation, by the British tabloid "The Sunday Mirror", of paedophilia. The charge was subsequently found to be baseless by the Sri Lankan police. According to "The Daily Telegraph" (London), the "Mirror" subsequently published an apology, and Clarke chose not to sue for defamation. Clarke was then duly knighted.
Later years.
Although he and his home were unharmed by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake tsunami, his "Arthur C. Clarke Diving School" at Hikkaduwa was destroyed. He made humanitarian appeals, and the Arthur C. Clarke Foundation worked towards a better disaster notification systems. The school has since been rebuilt.
In September 2007, he provided a video greeting for NASA's Cassini probe's flyby of Iapetus (which plays an important role in ""). In December 2007 on his 90th birthday, Clarke recorded a video message to his friends and fans bidding them good-bye.
Clarke died in Sri Lanka on 19 March 2008 after suffering from respiratory failure, according to Rohan de Silva, one of his aides. His aide described the cause as respiratory complications and heart failure stemming from post-polio syndrome.
A few days before he died, he had reviewed the manuscript of his final work, "The Last Theorem", on which he had collaborated by e-mail with his contemporary Frederik Pohl. The book was published after Clarke's death. Clarke was buried in Colombo in traditional Sri Lankan fashion on 22 March. His younger brother, Fred Clarke, and his Sri Lankan adoptive family were among the thousands in attendance.
Science fiction writer.
While Clarke had a few stories published in fanzines, between 1937 and 1945, his first professional sale appeared in "Astounding Science Fiction" in 1946: "Loophole" was published in April, while "Rescue Party", his first sale, was published in May. Along with his writing Clarke briefly worked as assistant editor of "Science Abstracts" (1949) before devoting himself in 1951 to full-time writing. Clarke also contributed to the "Dan Dare" series published in Eagle, and his first three published novels were written for children.
Clarke corresponded with C. S. Lewis in the 1940s and 1950s and they once met in an Oxford pub, The Eastgate, to discuss science fiction and space travel. Clarke voiced great praise for Lewis upon his death, saying that the Ransom trilogy was one of the few works of science fiction that should be considered literature.
In 1948 he wrote "The Sentinel" for a BBC competition. Though the story was rejected, it changed the course of Clarke's career. Not only was it the basis for "", but "The Sentinel" also introduced a more cosmic element to Clarke's work. Many of Clarke's later works feature a technologically advanced but still-prejudiced mankind being confronted by a superior alien intelligence. In the cases of "The City and the Stars" (and its original version, "Against the Fall of Night"), "Childhood's End", and the "2001" series, this encounter produces a conceptual breakthrough that accelerates humanity into the next stage of its evolution. In Clarke's authorised biography, Neil McAleer writes that: "many readers and critics still consider ["Childhood's End"] Arthur C. Clarke's best novel."
Almost all of his short stories can be found in the book "The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke" (2001).
A collection of early essays was published in "The View from Serendip" (1977), which also included one short piece of fiction, "When the Twerms Came". Clarke also wrote short stories under the pseudonyms of E. G. O'Brien and Charles Willis.
The "Big three".
For much of the later 20th century, Clarke, Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein were informally known as the "Big Three" of science fiction writers. Clarke and Heinlein began writing to each other after "The Exploration of Space" was published in 1951, and first met in person the following year. They remained on cordial terms for many years, including visits in the United States and Sri Lanka. In 1984, Clarke testified before Congress against the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI). Later, at the home of Larry Niven in California, Heinlein attacked Clarke verbally over his views on United States foreign and space policy (especially the SDI). Although the two reconciled formally, they remained distant until Heinlein's death in 1988.
Clarke and Asimov first met in New York City in 1953, and they traded friendly insults and gibes for decades. They established a verbal agreement, the "Clarke–Asimov Treaty", that when asked who was best, the two would say Clarke was the best science fiction writer and Asimov was the best science writer. In 1972, Clarke put the "treaty" on paper in his dedication to "Report on Planet Three and Other Speculations".
2001 series of novels.
"2001: A Space Odyssey", Clarke's most famous work, was extended well beyond the 1968 movie as the Space Odyssey series. In 1982, Clarke wrote a sequel to "2001" titled ', which was made into a film in 1984. Clarke wrote two further sequels that have not been adapted into motion pictures: ' (published in 1987) and "" (published in 1997). In "2010", we find out that the original home of the astronaut Dave Bowman was in Florida, the location of the John F. Kennedy Space Center and that was a source of his interest in spaceflight. 
In the year 2061, Halley's Comet will make its next plunge through the Inner Solar System. Clarke used that for the event of an expedition that takes Dr. Heywood Floyd, who owed his long life to living in a space hospital since shortly after the events of 2010, and scores of others to visit this comet. In the meantime a space ship in which Floyd's grandson is a crew member is hijacked and forced to crash on the Jovian moon Europa. There, Floyd's grandson and the others discover the whereabouts of astronaut Dave Bowman (the "Star Child"), the artificial intelligence HAL 9000, and the native life of Europa that had been protected by the alien Monolith in orbit around Jupiter.
Finally, in "3001: The Final Odyssey", Clarke returned to Solar System of one millennium after 2001. It turns out that the astronaut Frank Poole had not been killed outside the spaceship "Discovery One" after all. Instead, his body had been freeze-dried in the vacuum of outer space, and then it had made a close fly-by of Jupiter. It was cast into deep space by the gravitational interaction with that huge planet, and over a period of 1000 years, it has flown beyond the orbit of Neptune. Poole's body is found by another (human) spaceship in about the year 3001, and by that time medical science had advanced enough that he could be revived. Poole is returned to the Earth, and then most of the rest of the novel is about his experiences in finding out about the Planet Earth of 3001. We also find out that Poole is a native of the city of Flagstaff, Arizona, and that he became interested in astronautics and outer space because of his boyhood visits to the Lowell Observatory there.
"2001: A Space Odyssey".
Clarke's first venture into film was the Stanley Kubrick directed "". Kubrick and Clarke had met in New York City in 1964 to discuss the possibility of a collaborative film project. As the idea developed, they decided to loosely base the story on Clarke's short story, "The Sentinel", written in 1948 as an entry in a BBC short story competition. Originally, Clarke was going to write the screenplay for the film, but Kubrick suggested during one of their brainstorming meetings that before beginning on the actual script, they should let their imaginations soar free by writing a novel first, on which they would base the film. "This is more or less the way it worked out, though toward the end, novel and screenplay were being written simultaneously, with feedback in both directions. Thus I rewrote some sections after seeing the movie rushes—a rather expensive method of literary creation, which few other authors can have enjoyed." The novel ended up being published a few months after the release of the movie.
Due to the hectic schedule of the film's production, Kubrick and Clarke had difficulty collaborating on the book. Clarke completed a draft of the novel at the end of 1964 with the plan to publish in 1965 in advance of the film's release in 1966. After many delays the film was released in the spring of 1968, before the book was completed. The book was credited to Clarke alone. Clarke later complained that this had the effect of making the book into a novelisation, that Kubrick had manipulated circumstances to downplay Clarke's authorship. For these and other reasons, the details of the story differ slightly from the book to the movie. The film contains little explanation for the events taking place. Clarke, on the other hand, wrote thorough explanations of "cause and effect" for the events in the novel. James Randi later recounted that upon seeing the premiere of "2001" for the first time, Clarke left the theatre in tears, at the intermission, after having watched an eleven-minute scene (which did not make it into general release) where an astronaut is doing nothing more than jogging inside the spaceship, which was Kubrick's idea of showing the audience how boring space travels could be.
In 1972, Clarke published "The Lost Worlds of 2001", which included his accounts of the production, and alternate versions, of key scenes. The "special edition" of the novel "" (released in 1999) contains an introduction by Clarke in which he documents the events leading to the release of the novel and film.
"2010: Odyssey Two".
In 1982 Clarke continued the "2001" epic with a sequel, "". This novel was also made into a film, "2010", directed by Peter Hyams for release in 1984. Because of the political environment in America in the 1980s, the film presents a Cold War theme, with the looming tensions of nuclear warfare not featured in the novel. The film was not considered to be as revolutionary or artistic as "2001", but the reviews were still positive.
Clarke's email correspondence with Hyams was published in 1984. Titled "The Odyssey File: The Making of 2010", and co-authored with Hyams, it illustrates his fascination with the then-pioneering medium of email and its use for them to communicate on an almost daily basis at the time of planning and production of the film while living on opposite sides of the world. The book also included Clarke's personal list of the best science-fiction films ever made.
Clarke appeared in the film, first as the man feeding the pigeons while Dr. Heywood Floyd is engaged in a conversation in front of the White House. Later, in the hospital scene with David Bowman's mother, an image of the cover of "Time" portrays Clarke as the American President and Kubrick as the Soviet Premier.
"Rendezvous with Rama".
Clarke's award-winning novel "Rendezvous with Rama" (1972) was optioned for filmmaking decades ago, but this motion picture is in "development hell" as of 2012. In the early 2000s, the actor Morgan Freeman expressed his desire to produce a movie based on "Rendezvous with Rama". After a drawn-out development process – which Freeman attributed to difficulties in getting financing – it appeared that in 2003 this project might be proceeding, but this is very dubious. The film was to be produced by Freeman's production company, Revelations Entertainment, and David Fincher has been touted on Revelations' "Rama" web page as far back as 2001 as the film's director. After years of no progress, Fincher stated in an interview in late 2007 (in which he also credited the novel as being influential on the films "Alien" and "") that he is still attached to helm. Revelations indicated that Stel Pavlou had written the adaptation.
In late 2008, Fincher stated the movie is unlikely to be made. "It looks like it's not going to happen. There's no script and as you know, Morgan Freeman's not in the best of health right now. We've been trying to do it but it's probably not going to happen." However, in 2010 it was announced that the film was still planned for future production and both Freeman and Fincher mentioned it as still needing a worthy script.
Non-fiction writer.
During his life Clarke published a number of non-fiction books with essays, speeches, addresses, etc. Several of his non-fiction books are composed of chapters that can stand on their own as separate essays.
Space travel.
In particular, Clarke was a popularizer of the concept of space travel. In 1950 he wrote "Interplanetary Flight", a book outlining the basics of space flight for laymen. Later books about space travel included "The Challenge of the Spaceship" (1959), "Voices from the Sky" (1965), "The Promise of Space" (1968, rev. ed. 1970) and "Report on Planet Three" (1972) among others.
Science and technology.
His books on space travel usually included chapters about other aspects of science and technology, such as computers and bioengineering.
His many predictions culminated in 1958 when he began a series of magazine essays that eventually became "Profiles of the Future," published in book form in 1962.
In a 1959 essay Clarke predicted global satellite TV broadcasts that would cross national boundaries indiscriminately and would bring hundreds of channels available anywhere in the world. He also envisioned a "personal transceiver, so small and compact that every man carries one." He wrote: "the time will come when we will be able to call a person anywhere on Earth merely by dialing a number." Such a device would also, in Clarke's vision, include means for global positioning so that "no one need ever again be lost." Later, in "Profiles of the Future", he predicted the advent of such a device taking place in the mid-1980's.
An extensive selection of Clarke's essays and book chapters (from 1934 to 1998; 110 pieces, 63 of them previously uncollected in his books) can be found in the book "Greetings, Carbon-Based Bipeds!" (2000), together with a new introduction and many prefatory notes. Another fine collection of essays, all previously collected, is "By Space Possessed" (1993). Clarke's technical papers, together with several essays and extensive autobiographical material, are collected in "Ascent to Orbit: A Scientific Autobiography" (1984).
Undersea diving.
Clarke was an avid scuba diver and a member of the Underwater Explorers Club. In addition to writing, Clarke set up several diving-related ventures with his business partner Mike Wilson. In 1956, while scuba diving, Wilson and Clarke uncovered ruined masonry, architecture and idol images of the sunken original Koneswaram temple — including carved columns with flower insignias, and stones in the form of elephant heads — spread on the shallow surrounding seabed. Other discoveries included Chola bronzes from the original shrine, and these discoveries were described in Clarke's 1957 book "The Reefs of Taprobane." In 1961, while filming off Great Basses Reef, Wilson found a wreck and retrieved silver coins. Plans to dive on the wreck the following year were stopped when Clarke developed paralysis, ultimately diagnosed as polio. A year later, Clarke observed the salvage from the shore and the surface. The ship, ultimately identified as belonging to the Mughal Emperor, Aurangzeb, yielded fused bags of silver rupees, cannons, and other artefacts, carefully documented, became the basis for "The Treasure of the Great Reef". Living in Sri Lanka and learning its history also inspired the backdrop for his novel "The Fountains of Paradise" in which he described a space elevator. This, he believed, would make rocket based access to space obsolete and, more than geostationary satellites, would ultimately be his scientific legacy.
The Geostationary communications satellite.
Clarke contributed to the popularity of the idea that geostationary satellites would be ideal telecommunications relays. He first described this in a letter to the editor of "Wireless World" in February 1945 and elaborated on this concept in a paper titled "Extra-Terrestrial Relays – Can Rocket Stations Give Worldwide Radio Coverage?", published in "Wireless World" in October 1945. The geostationary orbit is now sometimes known as the Clarke Orbit or the Clarke Belt in his honour.
It is not clear that this article was actually the inspiration for the modern telecommunications satellite. According to John R. Pierce, of Bell Labs, who was involved in the Echo satellite and Telstar projects, he gave a talk upon the subject in 1954 (published in 1955), using ideas that were "in the air", but was not aware of Clarke's article at the time. In an interview given shortly before his death, Clarke was asked whether he'd ever suspected that one day communications satellites would become so important; he replied 
Though different from Clarke's idea of telecom relay, the idea of communicating with satellites in geostationary orbit itself had been described earlier. For example, the concept of geostationary satellites was described in Hermann Oberth's 1923 book "Die Rakete zu den Planetenräumen" ("The Rocket into Interplanetary Space") and then the idea of radio communication with those satellites in Herman Potočnik's (written under the pseudonym Hermann Noordung) 1928 book "Das Problem der Befahrung des Weltraums — der Raketen-Motor (The Problem of Space Travel — The Rocket Motor)", sections: "Providing for Long Distance Communications and Safety" and (possibly referring to the idea of relaying messages via satellite, but not that 3 would be optimal) "Observing and Researching the Earth's Surface" published in Berlin. Clarke acknowledged the earlier concept in his book "Profiles of the Future".
Views.
On religion.
Themes of religion and spirituality appear in much of Clarke's writing. He said: "Any path to knowledge is a path to God—or Reality, whichever word one prefers to use." He described himself as "fascinated by the concept of God". J. B. S. Haldane, near the end of his life, suggested in a personal letter to Clarke that Clarke should receive a prize in theology for being one of the few people to write anything new on the subject, and went on to say that if Clarke's writings did not contain multiple contradictory theological views, he might have been a menace. When he entered the Royal Air Force, Clarke insisted that his dog tags be marked "pantheist" rather than the default, Church of England, and in a 1991 essay entitled "Credo", described himself as a logical positivist from the age of ten. In 2000, Clarke told the Sri Lankan newspaper, "The Island", "I don't believe in God or an afterlife," and he identified himself as an atheist. He was honoured as a Humanist Laureate in the International Academy of Humanism. He has also described himself as a "crypto-Buddhist", insisting that Buddhism is not a religion. He displayed little interest about religion early in his life, for example, only discovering a few months after marrying that his wife had strong Presbyterian beliefs.
A famous quotation of Clarke's is often cited: "One of the great tragedies of mankind is that morality has been hijacked by religion." He was quoted in "Popular Science" in 2004 as saying of religion: "Most malevolent and persistent of all mind viruses. We should get rid of it as quick as we can." In a three-day "dialogue on man and his world" with Alan Watts, Clarke stated that he was biased against religion and said that he could not forgive religions for what he perceived as their inability to prevent atrocities and wars over time. In a reflection of the dialogue where he more broadly stated "mankind", his introduction to the penultimate episode of "Mysterious World" entitled "Strange Skies", Clarke said: "I sometimes think that the universe is a machine designed for the perpetual astonishment of astronomers." Near the very end of that same episode, the last segment of which covered the Star of Bethlehem, he stated that his favourite theory was that it might be a pulsar. Given that pulsars were discovered in the interval between his writing the short story, "The Star" (1955), and making "Mysterious World" (1980), and given the more recent discovery of pulsar PSR B1913+16, he said: "How romantic, if even now, we can hear the dying voice of a star, which heralded the Christian era."
Clarke left written instructions for a funeral that stated: "Absolutely no religious rites of any kind, relating to any religious faith, should be associated with my funeral."
On paranormal phenomena.
Early in his career, Clarke had a fascination with the paranormal and stated that it was part of the inspiration for his novel "Childhood's End". Citing the numerous promising paranormal claims that were shown to be fraudulent, Clarke described his earlier openness to the paranormal having turned to being "an almost total sceptic" by the time of his 1992 biography. During interviews, both in 1993 and 2004–2005, he stated that he did not believe in reincarnation, citing that there was no mechanism to make it possible, though he stated "I'm always paraphrasing J. B. S. Haldane: 'The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it's stranger than we can imagine.'" He described the idea of reincarnation as fascinating, but favoured a finite existence.
Clarke was well known for his television series investigating paranormal phenomena "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious World" (1980), "Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe" (1985) and "Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers" (1994), enough to be parodied in an episode of "The Goodies" in which his show is cancelled after it is claimed he does not exist.
Themes, style, and influences.
Clarke's work is marked by an optimistic view of science empowering mankind's exploration of the Solar System, and the world's oceans. His images of the future often feature a Utopian setting with highly developed technology, ecology, and society, based on the author's ideals.
His early published stories would usually feature the extrapolation of a technological innovation or scientific breakthrough into the underlying decadence of his own society.
A recurring theme in Clarke's works is the notion that the evolution of an intelligent species would eventually make them something close to gods. This was explored in his 1953 novel "Childhood's End" and briefly touched upon in his novel "Imperial Earth". This idea of transcendence through evolution seems to have been influenced by Olaf Stapledon, who wrote a number of books dealing with this theme. Clarke has said of Stapledon's 1930 book "Last and First Men" that "No other book had a greater influence on my life ... and its successor "Star Maker" (1937) are the twin summits of [Stapledon's literary career".
Awards, honours and other recognition.
Clarke won more than a dozen annual literary awards for particular works of science fiction.
Named for Clarke.
Awards.
In 1986, Clarke provided a grant to fund the prize money (initially £1,000) for the Arthur C. Clarke Award for the best science fiction novel published in the United Kingdom in the previous year. In 2001 the prize was increased to £2001, and its value now matches the year (e.g., £2005 in 2005).
In 2005 he lent his name to the inaugural Sir Arthur Clarke Awards—dubbed the "Space Oscars". His brother attended the awards ceremony, and presented an award specially chosen by Arthur (and not by the panel of judges who chose the other awards) to the British Interplanetary Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18598152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598152" title="Dave Freisleben">
Dave Freisleben

David James Freisleben (born October 31, 1951) is a retired professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball, from 1974 to 1979, for the San Diego Padres, Cleveland Indians, and Toronto Blue Jays.

</doc>
<doc id="18598154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598154" title="Chrysomantis cervoides">
Chrysomantis cervoides

Chrysomantis cervoides is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598163" title="Werner Spannagel">
Werner Spannagel

Werner Spannagel (October 6, 1909 – December 23, 1943) was a German boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Dahlerau.
At the 1932 Summer Olympics he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming bronze medalist Louis Salica.
In the Second World War, he was sent to the Eastern Front. News of his death was received on 23 December 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18598164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598164" title="Chrysomantis congica">
Chrysomantis congica

Chrysomantis congica is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598175" title="New Year's Revolution (2005)">
New Year's Revolution (2005)

New Year's Revolution (2005) was the first annual New Year's Revolution pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment. It took place on January 9, 2005 at the Coliseo de Puerto Rico in San Juan, Puerto Rico. This event was the first pay-per-view event produced by WWE to be held in Puerto Rico. Tickets for this event sold out in less than a month after being available for sale, marking one of the fastest selling events in the short history of the Coliseum.
The main event was an Elimination Chamber match for the vacant World Heavyweight Championship between Triple H, Randy Orton, Batista, Edge, Chris Jericho, and Chris Benoit. Triple H won the match and the championship after last eliminating Orton. One of the predominant matches on the card was between Kane and Gene Snitsky, which Kane won by pinfall after performing a Tombstone Piledriver. Another primary match on the card was Muhammad Hassan versus Jerry Lawler, which Hassan won by pinfall after executing a Reverse STO.
Background.
On the December 13, 2004 edition of "Raw", Raw General Manager Eric Bischoff announced that at New Year's Revolution, there would be an Elimination Chamber match between Triple H, Edge, Chris Benoit, Chris Jericho, Batista and Randy Orton. On the December 27, 2004 edition of "Raw", Bischoff announced that all of the match's participants would compete in singles matches, and the length of their match would determine the entrance order of the Elimination Chamber. Christy Hemme was announced as the time-keeper for the show. Another stipulation in the matches was that if any of the participants lost their matches, the person who beat them would replace them in the Chamber match. All six participants won their matches, but Batista won his match in three minutes and two seconds, which turned out to be the shortest match length out of all participants. As a result, Batista earned the right to enter the Elimination Chamber match last. That same night, Bischoff announced that Shawn Michaels would take the Special Guest Referee role in the match. On the following edition of "Raw", Bischoff booked three separate matches to take place later that night. The first match was between Benoit and Batista, which saw Batista pin Benoit after a Batista Bomb. The next match was between Edge and Jericho, where Edge pinned Jericho to score the victory. The final match was between Triple H and Orton, which Orton won after delivering an RKO and scoring the pinfall. During the match, the other four Chamber participants interfered when the referee was knocked out.
The primary feud heading into the event was between Kane and Gene Snitsky. On the September 13 edition of "Raw", Kane competed in a No Holds Barred match against Snitsky. During the match, Kane's on-screen wife, Lita interfered in the match, which led to Kane accidentally falling a top of her after Snitsky hit Kane with a steel chair. The match came to an immediate end as trainers and Emergency medical technicians took Lita on a stretcher to an ambulance, as she needed medical attention. On the September 20, 2004 edition of "Raw", it was announced that Lita had suffered a miscarriage due to what had happened the previous week. On the October 4, 2004 edition of "Raw", Snitsky claimed in an interview that the miscarriage was "not his fault." Kane proceeded on to attack Snitsky, but Snitsky retaliated by attacking Kane with a lead pipe, which caused Kane to bleed from the head. After the attack, Bischoff made a Weapon of Choice match between the two for Taboo Tuesday. The match was voted to be a steel chain match, where the only weapon that could be used, was the steel chain. Snitsky defeated Kane at Taboo Tuesday after locking a steel chair around Kane's neck, and jumping onto it from the top rope, causing Kane to bleed from the mouth. The following weeks, Snitsky would state before his matches that the incident with Kane and Lita "was not his fault," but the injury's his opponent might get that night "would be his fault." He would also mock the miscarriage during a street fight against Eugene by using a "No Babies" road sign and a baby carriage. On the December 27 edition of "Raw", Bischoff announced that Kane would face Snitsky at New Year's Revolution. On the January 3 edition of "Raw", Kane would return (after weeks of inactivity) to save Lita from being double-teamed by Snitsky and Trish Stratus.
The predominant feud heading into the event was between Trish Stratus and Lita over the WWE Women's Championship. On the October 25, 2004 edition of "Raw", Stratus approached Lita backstage and told her that she had gained weight from her pregnancy, which led to Lita attacking Stratus. That same night, a match was made between the two for the Women's Championship at Survivor Series. At Survivor Series, Stratus defeated Lita by disqualification to retain the title, after Lita hit Stratus with a steel chair. On the November 22 edition of "Raw", Stratus defeated Lita and Molly Holly in a Triple Threat match for the title. After the match, Lita attacked Stratus and caused Stratus's nose to bleed. On the December 6 edition of "Raw", Lita defeated Stratus in the main event to capture the Women's Championship after delivering a Moonsault. On the January 3 episode of "Raw", it was announced that Stratus would face Lita for the title at New Year's Revolution.
Event.
Before the event aired live on pay-per-view, The Hurricane and Rosey defeated La Résistance (Sylvain Grenier and Robért Conway) in a dark match. The first match to air live was a tag team match between the team of Eugene and William Regal and the team of Christian and Tyson Tomko for the World Tag Team Championship. During the match, Christian hit Regal in the nose, causing it to bleed. Eugene delivered a dropkick to Tomko and scored the pinfall to win the match.
The next match was between Trish Stratus and Lita for the WWE Women's Championship. Early on in the match, Lita appeared to suffer a legitimate injury after an attack by Stratus. Towards the match's end, Stratus delivered a Chick Kick to Lita to score the pinfall, win the match, and win the title. The third match of the card was between Shelton Benjamin and Maven for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. Early in the match, Maven escaped the ring to taunt the fans for speaking Spanish. As the referee began to count him out, Maven ran back into the ring. Benjamin quickly rolled-up Maven to score the pinfall and win the match to retain the title. Immediately after the match, Maven demanded a re-match after stating that the first match "did not count." As match started, Benjamin delivered a T-Bone suplex to Maven to score the pinfall, win the match, and retain the title, again.
The next match was between Muhammad Hassan (with Daivari) and Jerry Lawler (with Jim Ross). Due to Lawler and Ross being involved in the match, no commentary was provided for the match. Towards the end of the match, Lawler attempted to pin Hassan, but Daivari pulled Hassan's foot on the bottom rope, which meant the count would have to stop immediately. Lawler then chased Daivari around the ring, until re-entering the ring, which resulted in Hassan delivering a Reverse STO and scoring the pinfall onto Lawler to win the match. The sixth match of the event was between Kane and Snitsky. A back and forth match took place between the two, with both men having advantages at different spot in the match. Towards the end of the match, Snitsky bit Kane's ear, but Kane retaliated by delivering a Tombstone piledriver to Snitsky to score the pinfall and win the match.
The main event of the card was the Elimination Chamber match between Triple H, Edge, Chris Benoit, Chris Jericho, Batista and Randy Orton (with Shawn Michaels as the Special Guest Referee) for the World Heavyweight Championship. The rules of the match were that two participants would start the match, and every five minutes, another participant would enter the match after being released from their individual chamber. Participants were able to be eliminated from the match via pinfall or submission. Benoit and Jericho were the first two in the match. After five minutes, Triple H was released from his chamber, into the match. With all men remaining in the match, Edge was released from his chamber. Benoit attempted to apply the Crippler Crossface to Edge, but Edge countered the attack. Triple H delivered a Pedigree to Jericho right before Orton entered the match. Mid-match, Edge speared Michaels by accident, but when Michaels recovered, he delivered a Sweet Chin Music to Edge, which resulted in Jericho delivering a Lionsault to Edge. Jericho then pinned Edge to eliminate him from the match. Batista, the final entrant, then entered the match after time expired. Batista delivered a Spinebuster to Jericho a top of Benoit. Batista then pinned Benoit to eliminate him from the match. Seconds later, Batista delivered a Batista Bomb to Jericho to pin him and eliminate him from the match. Later on in the match, Triple H countered an RKO, by throwing Orton into Batista. Batista then attempted to deliver a Batista Bomb to Orton, but Orton countered by delivering a low-blow to Batista and scoring the pinfall to eliminate Batista from the match. Before Batista left the ring, he delivered a clothesline to Orton. Afterward, Triple H delivered a Pedigree to Orton to score the pinfall and eliminate Orton. As a result, Triple H won the match and the title.
Aftermath.
The night after New Year's Revolution on "Raw", Eric Bischoff booked a match between Batista and Randy Orton for later that night. The winner of that match would become the number-one contender for the World Heavyweight Championship, and would face Triple H for the title at the Royal Rumble. Orton won the match via pinfall, and the right to face Triple H at the Rumble. On the January 17 edition of "Raw", Batista announced that he would be a participant in the 2005 Royal Rumble match. On the January 24 edition of "Raw", Orton defeated Ric Flair after delivering an RKO. At the Royal Rumble, Batista won the Royal Rumble match, and Triple H defeated Orton to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. At WrestleMania 21, Batista defeated Triple H to capture the title.
The feud between Kane and Gene Snitsky continued on the January 17 edition of "Raw", when the two competed in a No Holds barred match. The match ended in a no-contest after Kane chokeslamed Snitsky off of the stage. However, the feud ended on the January 31 edition of "Raw", when Kane defeated Snitsky in a steel cage match after delivering a chokeslam off of the cage's door. The feud between Trish Stratus and Lita ended after the event, as Lita suffered a legitimately torn ACL ligament. On the January 17 edition of "Raw", however, Stratus mocked Lita's injury, but was chokeslammed by Kane.
After New Year's Revolution, Edge began a feud with Shawn Michaels because of his feeling that Michaels screwed him in the Elimination Chamber match. At the Royal Rumble, Edge defeated Michaels in a singles match. At the event, Eugene suffered a legit ruptured left patella tendon, which required surgery. Eugene and William Regal lost the World Tag Team Championships to La Résistance (Rob Conway and Sylvain Grenier). On the February 7 edition of "Raw", La Résistance lost the titles to William Regal and Tajiri.

</doc>
<doc id="18598178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598178" title="Chrysomantis girardi">
Chrysomantis girardi

Chrysomantis girardi is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire and Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18598183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598183" title="Yerzhan Dosmukhamedov">
Yerzhan Dosmukhamedov

Yerzhan Kalievich Dosmukhamedov (Kazakh: Ержан Қалиұлы Досмұхамедов Russian: Ержан Калиевич Досмухамедов) is a Kazakhstani politician and former head of the Atameken National Union of Entrepreneurs and Employers of Kazakhstan. Having founded his opposition political party "Atameken" and falling out of favor with the corrupt ruling elite, he now lives in London.
Biography.
Dosmukhamedov graduated with distinction from St. Petersburg State University law faculty, then earned an MA in law in the United States. After earning his doctorate degree at Oxford, he spent a year as an academic intern at Yale's law program.
From 1999 to 2002 he was a fellow and member of the law faculty of the University of Oxford, president of The Oxford banking forum. From 2002 to 2003 he was a professor and dean of the law department at the Kazakh-American University. He worked at KazMunaiGaz, and has served as an adviser to Timur Kulibayev.
1992-1996 Dosmukhamedov served as a senior legal consultant at the first post-independence Parliament of Kazakhstan and in the presidential administration as an assistant and later chief of staff to the vice-president Erik Asanbayev and supervised KIMEP under the president, Nursultan Nazarbayev. He also served as Minister and Deputy Ambassador of Kazakhstan to Germany. He has received academic grants from the United States Congress and the Soros Foundation.
Dosmukhamedov published a book on foreign direct investment in the transitional economies Palgrave/Macmillan publishers which was awarded a Paul Frankel Prize by the British Institute of Petroleum and ""ATAMEKEN - Building Democracy in Kazakhstan"." 
Dosmukhamedov was recently in the news due to his participation in a sting operation led by The Times which caught U.S. lobbyist Stephen Payne offering access to top U.S. officials in exchange for a private donation to the George W. Bush Presidential Library. Payne would sometimes refer to Dosmukhamedov as "Eric Dos".

</doc>
<doc id="18598186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598186" title="Stan Lee">
Stan Lee

Stan Lee (born Stanley Martin Lieber, December 28, 1922) is an American comic book writer, editor, publisher, media producer, television host, actor, voice actor and former president and chairman of Marvel Comics.
In collaboration with several artists, most notably Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko, he co-created Spider-Man, the Hulk, the Fantastic Four, Iron Man, Thor, X-Men, and many other fictional characters, introducing complex, naturalistic characters and a thoroughly shared universe into superhero comic books. In addition, he headed the first major successful challenge to the industry's censorship organization, the Comics Code Authority, and forced it to reform its policies. Lee subsequently led the expansion of Marvel Comics from a small division of a publishing house to a large multimedia corporation.
He was inducted into the comic book industry's The Will Eisner Award Hall of Fame in 1994 and the Jack Kirby Hall of Fame in 1995.
Early life.
Stanley Martin Lieber was born in New York City on December 28, 1922, in the apartment of his Romanian-born Jewish immigrant parents, Celia (née Solomon) and Jack Lieber, at the corner of West 98th Street and West End Avenue in Manhattan. His father, trained as a dress cutter, worked only sporadically after the Great Depression, and the family moved further uptown to Fort Washington Avenue, in Washington Heights, Manhattan. When Lee was nearly 9, his only sibling, brother Larry Lieber, was born. He said in 2006 that as a child he was influenced by books and movies, particularly those with Errol Flynn playing heroic roles. By the time Lee was in his teens, the family was living in a one-bedroom apartment at 1720 University Avenue in The Bronx. Lee described it as "a third-floor apartment facing out back", with him and his brother sharing a bedroom and his parents using a foldout couch.
Lee attended DeWitt Clinton High School in The Bronx. In his youth, Lee enjoyed writing, and entertained dreams of one day writing The Great American Novel. He has said that in his youth he worked such part-time jobs as writing obituaries for a news service and press releases for the National Tuberculosis Center; delivering sandwiches for the Jack May pharmacy to offices in Rockefeller Center; working as an office boy for a trouser manufacturer; ushering at the Rivoli Theater on Broadway; and selling subscriptions to the "New York Herald Tribune" newspaper. He graduated high school early, at age 16½ in 1939, and joined the WPA Federal Theatre Project.
Career.
Early career.
With the help of his uncle Robbie Solomon, Lee became an assistant in 1939 at the new Timely Comics division of pulp magazine and comic-book publisher Martin Goodman's company. Timely, by the 1960s, would evolve into Marvel Comics. Lee, whose cousin Jean was Goodman's wife, was formally hired by Timely editor Joe Simon.
His duties were prosaic at first. "In those days artists dipped the pen in ink, I had to make sure the inkwells were filled", Lee recalled in 2009. "I went down and got them their lunch, I did proofreading, I erased the pencils from the finished pages for them". Marshaling his childhood ambition to be a writer, young Stanley Lieber made his comic-book debut with the text filler "Captain America Foils the Traitor's Revenge" in "Captain America Comics" #3 (May 1941), using the pseudonym "Stan Lee", which years later he would adopt as his legal name. Lee later explained in his autobiography and numerous other sources that he had intended to save his given name for more literary work. This initial story also introduced Captain America's trademark ricocheting shield-toss, which immediately became one of the character's signatures.
He graduated from writing filler to actual comics with a backup feature, "'Headline' Hunter, Foreign Correspondent", two issues later. Lee's first superhero co-creation was the Destroyer, in "Mystic Comics" #6 (Aug 1941). Other characters he created during this period fans and historians call the Golden Age of comics include Jack Frost, debuting in "USA Comics" #1 (Aug. 1941), and Father Time, debuting in "Captain America Comics" #6 (Aug. 1941).
When Simon and his creative partner Jack Kirby left late in 1941, following a dispute with Goodman, the 30-year-old publisher installed Lee, just under 19 years old, as interim editor. The youngster showed a knack for the business that led him to remain as the comic-book division's editor-in-chief, as well as art director for much of that time, until 1972, when he would succeed Goodman as publisher.
Lee entered the United States Army in early 1942 and served stateside in the Signal Corps, writing manuals, training films, and slogans, and occasionally cartooning. His military classification, he says, was "playwright"; he adds that only nine men in the U.S. Army were given that title. Vincent Fago, editor of Timely's "animation comics" section, which put out humor and funny animal comics, filled in until Lee returned from his World War II military service in 1945. Lee then lived in the rented top floor of a brownstone in the East 90s in Manhattan.
He married Joan Clayton Boocock on December 5, 1947, and in 1949, the couple bought a two-story, three-bedroom home at 1084 West Broadway in Woodmere, New York, on Long Island, living there through 1952. By this time, the couple had daughter Joan Celia "J.C." Lee, born in 1950; another child, Jan Lee, died three days after delivery in 1953. Lee by this time had bought a home at 226 Richards Lane in the Long Island town of Hewlett Harbor, New York, where he and his family lived from 1952 to 1980, including the 1960s period when Lee and his artist collaborators would revolutionize comic books.
In the mid-1950s, by which time the company was now generally known as Atlas Comics, Lee wrote stories in a variety of genres including romance, Westerns, humor, science fiction, medieval adventure, horror and suspense. In the 1950s, Lee teamed up with his comic book colleague Dan DeCarlo to produce the syndicated newspaper strip, "My Friend Irma", based on the radio comedy starring Marie Wilson. By the end of the decade, Lee had become dissatisfied with his career and considered quitting the field.
Marvel revolution.
In the late 1950s, DC Comics editor Julius Schwartz revived the superhero archetype and experienced a significant success with its updated version of the Flash, and later with super-team the Justice League of America. In response, publisher Martin Goodman assigned Lee to create a new superhero team. Lee's wife urged him to experiment with stories he preferred, since he was planning on changing careers and had nothing to lose.
Lee acted on that advice, giving his superheroes a flawed humanity, a change from the ideal archetypes that were typically written for preteens. Before this, most superheroes were idealistically perfect people with no serious, lasting problems. Lee introduced complex, naturalistic characters who could have bad tempers, fits of melancholy, and vanity; they bickered amongst themselves, worried about paying their bills and impressing girlfriends, got bored or even were sometimes physically ill.
The first superhero group Lee and artist Jack Kirby created was the Fantastic Four. The team's immediate popularity led Lee and Marvel's illustrators to produce a cavalcade of new titles. With Kirby primarily, Lee created the Hulk, Iron Man, Thor and the X-Men; with Bill Everett, Daredevil; and with Steve Ditko, Doctor Strange and Marvel's most successful character, Spider-Man, all of whom lived in a thoroughly shared universe.
Comics historian Peter Sanderson wrote that in the 1960s:
Lee's revolution extended beyond the characters and storylines to the way in which comic books engaged the readership and built a sense of community between fans and creators. He introduced the practice of regularly including a credit panel on the splash page of each story, naming not just the writer and penciller but also the inker and letterer. Regular news about Marvel staff members and upcoming storylines was presented on the Bullpen Bulletins page, which (like the letter columns that appeared in each title) was written in a friendly, chatty style. By 1967, the brand was well-enough ensconced in popular culture that a March 3 WBAI radio program with Lee and Kirby as guests was titled "Will Success Spoil Spiderman" . 
Throughout the 1960s, Lee scripted, art-directed and edited most of Marvel's series, moderated the letters pages, wrote a monthly column called "Stan's Soapbox," and wrote endless promotional copy, often signing off with his trademark motto, "Excelsior!" (which is also the New York state motto). To maintain his taxing workload, yet still meet deadlines, he used a system that was used previously by various comic-book studios, but due to Lee's success with it, became known as the "Marvel Method" or "Marvel style" of comic-book creation. Typically, Lee would brainstorm a story with the artist and then prepare a brief synopsis rather than a full script. Based on the synopsis, the artist would fill the allotted number of pages by determining and drawing the panel-to-panel storytelling. After the artist turned in penciled pages, Lee would write the word balloons and captions, and then oversee the lettering and coloring. In effect, the artists were co-plotters, whose collaborative first drafts Lee built upon.
Because of this system, the exact division of creative credits on Lee's comics has been disputed, especially in cases of comics drawn by Kirby and Ditko. Lee shares co-creator credit with Kirby and Ditko on, respectively, the Fantastic Four and Spider-Man feature film series.
In 1971, Lee indirectly helped reform the Comics Code. The US Department of Health, Education and Welfare had asked Lee to write a comic-book story about the dangers of drugs and Lee conceived a three-issue subplot in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #96–98 (cover-dated May–July 1971), in which Peter Parker's best friend becomes addicted to pills. The Comics Code Authority refused to grant its seal because the stories depicted drug use; the anti-drug context was considered irrelevant. With Goodman's cooperation and confident that the original government request would give him credibility, Lee had the story published without the seal. The comics sold well and Marvel won praise for its socially conscious efforts. The CCA subsequently loosened the Code to permit negative depictions of drugs, among other new freedoms.
Lee also supported using comic books to provide some measure of social commentary about the real world, often dealing with racism and bigotry. "Stan's Soapbox", besides promoting an upcoming comic book project, also addressed issues of discrimination, intolerance, or prejudice.
Later career.
In later years, Lee became a figurehead and public face for Marvel Comics. He made appearances at comic book conventions around America, lecturing at colleges and participating in panel discussions. He owned a vacation home on Cutler Lane in Remsenburg, New York and, from 1975 to 1980, a two-bedroom condominium on the 14th floor of 220 East 63rd Street in Manhattan. He moved to California in 1981 to develop Marvel's TV and movie properties. He has been an executive producer for, and has made cameo appearances in, Marvel film adaptations and other movies. He and his wife bought a home in West Hollywood, California previously owned by comedian Jack Benny's radio announcer, Don Wilson. Lee was briefly president of the entire company, but soon stepped down to become publisher instead, finding that being president was too much about numbers and finance and not enough about the creative process he enjoyed.
Peter Paul and Lee began to start a new Internet-based superhero creation, production and marketing studio, Stan Lee Media, in 1998. It grew to 165 people and went public through a reverse merger structured by investment banker Stan Medley in 1999, but near the end of 2000, investigators discovered illegal stock manipulation by Paul and corporate officer Stephan Gordon. Stan Lee Media filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in February 2001. Paul was extradited to the U.S. from Brazil, and pleaded guilty to violating SEC Rule 10b-5 in connection with trading of his stock in Stan Lee Media. Lee was never implicated in the scheme.
In the 2000s, Lee did his first work for DC Comics, launching the "Just Imagine..." series, in which Lee reimagined the DC superheroes Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern and the Flash.
In 2001, Lee, Gill Champion and Arthur Lieberman formed POW! (Purveyors of Wonder) Entertainment to develop film, television and video game properties.
Lee created the risqué animated superhero series "Stripperella" for Spike TV. In 2004 POW Entertainment went public via another reverse merger structured again by investment banker Stan Medley. Also in 2004 Lee announced a superhero program that would feature Ringo Starr, the former Beatle, as the lead character. Additionally, in August of that year, Lee announced the launch of Stan Lee's Sunday Comics, hosted by Komikwerks.com, where monthly subscribers could read a new, updated comic and "Stan's Soapbox" every Sunday. The column has not been updated since February 15, 2005.
In 2006, Marvel commemorated Lee's 65 years with the company by publishing a series of one-shot comics starring Lee himself meeting and interacting with many of his co-creations, including Spider-Man, Doctor Strange, the Thing, Silver Surfer and Doctor Doom. These comics also featured short pieces by such comics creators as Joss Whedon and Fred Hembeck, as well as reprints of classic Lee-written adventures.
On March 15, 2007, Stan Lee Media's new president, Jim Nesfield, filed a lawsuit against Marvel Entertainment for $5 billion, claiming that the company is co-owner of the characters that Lee created for Marvel. On June 9, 2007, Stan Lee Media sued Lee; his newer company, POW! Entertainment; POW! subsidiary QED Entertainment; and other former Stan Lee Media staff at POW!
At the 2007 Comic-Con International, Marvel Legends introduced a Stan Lee action figure. The body beneath the figure's removable cloth wardrobe is a re-used mold of a previously released Spider-Man action figure, with minor changes.
In 2008, Lee wrote humorous captions for the political fumetti book "Stan Lee Presents Election Daze: What Are They Really Saying?". In April of that year, Viz Media announced that Lee and Hiroyuki Takei were collaborating on the manga "Karakuridôji Ultimo", from parent company Shueisha. That same month, Brighton Partners and Rainmaker Animation announced a partnership POW! to produce a CGI film series, "Legion of 5". That same month, Virgin Comics announced Lee would create a line of superhero comics for that company. He is also working on a TV adaptation of the novel "Hero". He wrote the foreword to the 2010 non-fiction e-book memoir "Skyscraperman" by skyscraper fire-safety advocate Dan Goodwin, who had climbed skyscrapers dressed as Spider-Man.
In 2009, he and the Japanese company Bones produced its first manga feature, "Heroman", serialized in Square Enix's "Monthly Shōnen Gangan"; the feature was adapted to anime in April 2010.
In October 2010, Lee's SLG Entertainment partnered with Guardian Media Entertainment on The Guardian Project to create superhero mascots for the National Hockey League.
In August 2011, Lee announced his support for the Eagle Initiative, a program to find new talent in the comic book field.
In 2011, Lee was writing a live-action musical, "The Yin and Yang Battle of Tao". In October, Lee announced he would partner with 1821 Comics on a multimedia imprint for children, Stan Lee’s Kids Universe, a move he said addressed the lack of comic books targeted for that demographic; and that he was collaborating with the company on its futuristic graphic novel "Romeo & Juliet: The War", by writer Max Work and artist Skan Srisuwan.
In April 2012, Lee announced his partnership with Regina Carpinelli, the founder and CEO of Comikaze Expo. Comikaze Expo, Los Angeles' largest comic book convention, was rebranded as Stan Lee's Comikaze Presented by POW! Entertainment.
At the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con International, Lee announced his new YouTube channel, "Stan Lee's World of Heroes", which airs several programs created by Lee and other creators, including Mark Hamill, Peter David, Adrianne Curry and Bonnie Burton.
It was announced in February 2013 that one of Lee's recently-created characters, the Annihilator, a Chinese prisoner-turned-superhero named Ming, would be adapted into a film written by Dan Gilroy and produced by Barry Josephson.
Lee is among the interview subjects in "Superheroes: A Never-Ending Battle", a three-hour documentary narrated by Liev Schreiber that premiered on PBS in October 2013.
Disney Publishing announced in November 2013 that Lee would write a book, "Zodiac", with Stuart Moore.
Charity work.
The Stan Lee Foundation was founded in 2010 to focus on literacy, education and the arts. Its stated goals include supporting programs and ideas that improve access to literacy resources, as well as promoting diversity, national literacy, culture and the arts.
Stan Lee has donated portions of his personal effects to the University of Wyoming at various times, between 1981 and 2001.
Fictional portrayals.
Stan Lee and his collaborator Jack Kirby appear as themselves in "The Fantastic Four" #10 (Jan. 1963), the first of several appearances within the fictional Marvel Universe. The two are depicted as similar to their real-world counterparts, creating comic books based on the "real" adventures of the Fantastic Four.
Kirby later portrayed himself, Lee, production executive Sol Brodsky, and Lee's secretary Flo Steinberg as superheroes in "What If" #11 (Oct 1978), "What If the Marvel Bullpen Had Become the Fantastic Four?", in which Lee played the part of Mister Fantastic. Lee has also made numerous cameo appearances in many Marvel titles, appearing in audiences and crowds at many characters' ceremonies and parties, and hosting an old-soldiers reunion in "Sgt. Fury and his Howling Commandos" #100 (July 1972). Lee appeared, unnamed, as the priest at Luke Cage and Jessica Jones' wedding in "New Avengers Annual" #1 (June 2006). He pays his respects to Karen Page at her funeral in "Daredevil" vol. 2, #8 (June 1998), and appears in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #169 (June 1977).
In 1994, artist Alex Ross rendered Lee as a bar patron on Page 44 of "Marvels" #3.
In Marvel's "Flashback" series of titles cover-dated July 1997, a top-hatted caricature of Lee as a ringmaster introduced stories that detailed events in Marvel characters' lives before they became superheroes, in special "-1" editions of many Marvel titles. The "ringmaster" depiction of Lee was originally from "Generation X" #17 (July 1996), where the character narrated a story set primarily in an abandoned circus. Though the story itself was written by Scott Lobdell, the narration by "Ringmaster Stan" was written by Lee, and the character was drawn in that issue by Chris Bachalo.
Lee and other comics creators are mentioned on page 479 of Michael Chabon's 2000 novel about the comics industry "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay". Chabon also acknowledges a debt to Lee and other creators on the book's Author's Note page.
Under his given name of Stanley Lieber, Stan Lee appears briefly in Paul Malmont's 2006 novel "The Chinatown Death Cloud Peril".
On one of the last pages of "", Lee appears in a real photograph among other celebrities on a wall of the Bradley home.
In "Stan Lee Meets Superheroes", which Lee wrote, he comes into contact with some of his favorite creations.
Stan Lee and Jack Kirby appear as professors in "Marvel Adventures Spider-Man" #19.
Lee was parodied in comics published by rival DC Comics as Funky Flashman.
In Lavie Tidhar's 2013 "The Violent Century", Lee appears — under his birth name of "Stanley Martin Lieber" — as a historian of superhumans.
Film and television appearances.
Marvel films.
Lee has had cameo appearances in many films based on Marvel characters that he created or co-created:
Warner/DC properties.
In the original February 7, 1998, broadcast airing of the "" episode "Apokolips... Now! Part 2" on the Kids' WB programming block, an animated Stan Lee was visible mourning the death of Daniel "Terrible" Turpin, a character based on his longtime Marvel Comics collaborator Jack Kirby. This shot was later modified to remove the likeness of Lee and other of background Marvel characters when the episode was released on DVD.
Personal life.
Lee's favorite authors include Stephen King, H. G. Wells, Mark Twain, Arthur Conan Doyle, William Shakespeare, Charles Dickens, and Harlan Ellison. He is also a fan of the films of Bruce Lee.
Lee was raised in a Jewish family. In a 2002 survey of whether he believes in God, he stated, "Well, let me put it this way... [Pauses.] No, I'm not going to try to be clever. I really don't know. I just don't know."
In late September 2012, Lee underwent a surgical operation to insert a pacemaker into his body, cancelling planned appearances at conventions.
Bibliography.
Lee's comics work includes:
External links.
Audio/video

</doc>
<doc id="18598188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598188" title="Chrysomantis royi">
Chrysomantis royi

Chrysomantis royi is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="18598204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598204" title="Juan José Trillo">
Juan José Trillo

Juan José Trillo (born April 17, 1909) is an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Buenos Aires.
In 1928 he was eliminated in the second round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Cuthbert Taylor.
Four years later he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Werner Spannagel.

</doc>
<doc id="18598209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598209" title="Doc Watson on Stage">
Doc Watson on Stage

Doc Watson on Stage (sub-titled featuring Merle Watson) is the title of a live recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson, released in 1971. It was originally released as a double LP and contained many previously unreleased titles.
It was re-released on CD by Vanguard in 1990 minus the Hank Snow track 11, "Movin' On" included on the original release.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Matthew Greenwald called the album "One of Doc Watson's finest later records" and wrote "His feel and command of the instrument is truly incredible... A timeless slice from one of the fathers of modern country music."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18598216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598216" title="Save You (Simple Plan song)">
Save You (Simple Plan song)

"Save You" is the third and last single from Simple Plan's self titled CD. It was announced as the third single in a message to "SP Crew", the band's official members-only club.
Lead singer Pierre Bouvier has stated in interviews that the song deals with his brother's battle with cancer.
Song composition.
The song is in common time throughout and follows the basic ABABCB skeleton, with 'A' being the verse, 'B' being the prechorus and chorus, and 'C' being the bridge.
The song's verses are in the key of C natural minor and feature a i-VI-III-VII progression repeated three times, with a chord change every two beats. The song then enters a prechorus that slows into a half time. Background "Ohs" are heard as a slow B-A-B progression is played. Using the B (V/I), the song then modulates into E major for the chorus which features a I-V-IV-V progression with a chord change every measure. This progression is repeated twice. The bridge is also in the key of C natural minor, but features a progression of i-VII-VI-VII. With a chord change every two beats. This progression is repeated six times. In the last three repeats, lead guitarist Jeff Stinco plays a short guitar interlude. The song ends in E major on the dominant chord.
Music video.
The music video was shot in late September 2008.[http://www.simpleplan.com/2008/09/24/save-you-videoshoot/]
The video premiered Friday October 24, 2008. It shows the band members performing in an open space, and then cancer survivors are shown lying on the floor, gradually they rise, and at the end of the video, their names appear. The video features band members' relatives who have survived cancer, and other cancer survivors such as Kevin Hearn, Sharon Osbourne, Marissa Jaret Winokur, René Angélil, Delta Goodrem, Anaheim Ducks alternate captain Saku Koivu and Bif Naked.
Two versions of the video were launched at their website.
Chart performance.
"Save You" debuted at #88 on the Canadian Hot 100 based on airplay alone, and rose up the chart each week up to the top forty. On the ending week of October 19 it was released for digital downloads on iTunes, and it received 7,000 downloads in that week causing the song to skyrocket from #53 to #18. It was marked as the sales gainer for that week, and it is Simple Plan's third top twenty hit on the chart from their self-titled album (Simple Plan).

</doc>
<doc id="18598218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598218" title="Surya Prasad Upadhyaya">
Surya Prasad Upadhyaya

Surya Prasad Upadhyaya, a Nepalese politician. Upadhyaya was a leader of the Nepal Democratic Congress, which merged with into the Nepali Congress in 1950.
Upadhyaya became Home and Law Minister in the Nepali Congress cabinet after the 1959 election. He led the Nepalese delegation at the 1959 UN General Assembly. During the December 1960 royal coup d'état, he was arrested along with B.P. Koirala and Ganesh Man Singh.
In 1978 he took part in a split in the Nepali Congress, and he and Bakhan Singh Gurung founded the Nepali Congress (Subarna).

</doc>
<doc id="18598224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598224" title="Chrysomantis speciosa">
Chrysomantis speciosa

Chrysomantis speciosa is a species of praying mantis found in Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Angola, and the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598227" title="HNK Suhopolje">
HNK Suhopolje

NK Suhopolje Virovitica is a Croatian football club based in a village Suhopolje, in the region of Slavonia.
Biggest success of the club was playing in 1.HNL, when, under the name Mladost 127 achieved 3rd place in 1.A Croatian football league.
In the year 2001, the club changed name from NK Mladost 127 to HNK Suhopolje.

</doc>
<doc id="18598241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598241" title="Nokia 5800 XpressMusic">
Nokia 5800 XpressMusic

Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is a Symbian-powered smartphone and portable entertainment device by Nokia. It was introduced on 2 October 2008 and started shipping in November of that year. Code-named "Tube", it was the first touchscreen-equipped S60 device by Nokia, the version being S60v5 (S60 5th Edition). It's part of the XpressMusic series of phones, which emphasizes music and multimedia playback. The touchscreen features tactile feedback (though it does not use Nokia's Haptikos technology).
The 5800 has a compatibility mode for Java applications that are not touchscreen-aware. It works by using part of the screen for displaying the essential buttons required by the program.
On 23 January 2009, Nokia announced it had shipped the millionth 5800 XpressMusic device, even though it still had not been fully released worldwide. 
In Nokia's Q1 report released on 16 April 2009 it was announced they had shipped 2.6 million units during the quarter, with cumulative shipments of more than 3 million units since the smartphone's launch. Q2 results released 16 July 2009 reports 3.7 million units shipped during the quarter and more than 6.8 million units total have shipped since the release. As of November 2009, over 8 million units had been sold.
History.
The Nokia 5800 XpressMusic is not the first touchscreen device in Nokia's range. In 2004, the Nokia 7700 was announced, a Nokia Series 90 device that was cancelled before it reached the market. This was followed by the Nokia 7710 which was an upgraded version of the 7700 and became available during 2005. Nokia also produced the UIQ-based Nokia 6708 phone in 2005, but this was not an in-house development and was bought in from Taiwanese manufacturer BenQ. Nokia have also produced a range of Maemo-based Internet tablets which have a touchscreen interface, but are not mobile phones by themselves (one can connect and use a phone via Bluetooth). The 5800 is, however, Nokia's first Symbian S60 touchscreen device.
The launch of the 5800 XpressMusic in January 2009 was followed-up with the announcement of the Nokia N97 in May and June 2009, followed by the Series 40 based Nokia 6208c in January 2009.
In early February 2009 the website Mobile-Review.com, which was initially very enthusiastic about the handset, published its research and concluded that the Nokia 5800 had a design flaw. Specifically, when phones were used on a daily basis, their earpieces, produced for Nokia under contract by a third party, would cease to function in a very short time. Repairs performed under warranty would only temporarily fix the problem. The defect was found to be in the earpiece design. Nokia's public relations department had admitted that the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic contained this design defect. According to Nokia, they switched to another earpiece manufacturer, so all 5800's produced during February 2009 or later should be free from defect, with previously produced earpieces eligible for free warranty repair. New earpiece parts have also been supplied to Nokia service centres and future phone repairs should permanently fix the defect.
Navigation Edition.
On 21 August 2009, Nokia announced a new variant named Nokia 5800 Navigation Edition. In addition to the normal Nokia 5800 it has the latest version of Nokia Maps pre-installed. It also comes with a car-charger and car-kit inside the box because the GPS decreases the battery life. Both the Nokia 5800 XpressMusic and the 5800 Navigation edition, however, have free lifetime navigation, due to the new version of Ovi maps.
It is now available at nokia.com.
Marketing.
A prototype of this handset was seen in the 2008 Batman movie, "The Dark Knight" and a number of music videos such as Christina Aguilera's "Keeps Gettin' Better", "Womanizer" by Britney Spears, Flo Rida's "Right Round", Pitbull's "Shut It Down", The Pussycat Dolls' "Jai Ho!" and "Hush Hush", Katy Perry's "Waking Up in Vegas" and Cobra Starship's "Good Girls Go Bad".
The phone has received generally positive reviews, with UK phone magazine "Mobile Choice" awarding it a full 5 stars in its 7 January 2009 issue.
Specifications.
Nokia 5800 XpressMusic has the following specifications:
Software.
Firmware updates.
From firmware version 20.0.012 onwards, the 5800's CPU clock was increased from 369 MHz to 434 MHz, matching the N97 specification. However, improved overall performance can be observed since firmware version 30.
On 13 January 2010, Nokia released a major firmware update, version 40.0.005. The update includes bug fixes, speed improvements and new features. The most visible are kinetic scrolling to all menus (except the main and applications menus) and an improved home screen that was first introduced on the Nokia 5530. This version update also saw the removal of alphanumeric keypad in landscape view during text input. This was replaced by a full QWERTY keyboard. The new home screen provides a contacts carousel, with up to 20 contacts and program shortcuts on screen at the same time. There is a change on option selecting in every menus, but hard to notice; if one selects and holds on that selection, it will be in white, but normal colours when selecting an option is still being red like in v20.
On 19 April 2010, firmware version 50.0.005 was released. This new major update brought some new features available in Nokia N97, such as an upgrade to the existing web browser to version 7.2 and full kinetic scrolling and auto-full screen while browsing the web; a new music player with mini-album art in the song list and the album list, initial letter filtering of track titles in the music player while scrolling using the scroll-bar. As a result, the search function was removed from the music player. A new application called Ovi Sync was installed and the Nokia Music Store received a revamped user interface and was renamed to "Ovi Music". In some regions, Quick Office 4.2.374 is integrated with full free license. Search application's icon was changed and a few more minor updates for better touch sensitivity and tweaks for faster operation of the phone are present. And a little update to the color, the option you select is in silver, but when hold an option, it is still being white like v40. There is also the new feature, one-touch dialling.
Firmware 51.0.006 appeared in August 2010 and contained minor bug fixes and updates to various applications. RDS function, however, remains dysfunctional since version 40.0.005. The web browser has lost its ability to re-flow the text when the page is enlarged.
In November 2010, an updated firmware for Nokia 5800 was released for Nokia 5800 as V52.0.007. The firmware update expects
There is still no "pencil" or "select several" ability in the gallery. A big disadvantage still exists is pictures and videos are listed in a one gallery, there are no separate galleries for pictures and videos.
On 20 October 2011, firmware version 60.0.003 was released. This new major update brought the new Symbian Anna browser 7.3.1.33 and swipe to unlock feature.

</doc>
<doc id="18598243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598243" title="Tibbetts">
Tibbetts

Tibbetts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598253" title="Chrysomantis tristis">
Chrysomantis tristis

Chrysomantis tristis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18598256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598256" title="Edelweis Rodriguez">
Edelweis Rodriguez

Edelweis Rodriguez (June 26, 1911 – February 22, 1962) was an Italian boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Background.
He was born in Rimini. In 1932 he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the flyweight class after losing his fight to the upcoming gold medalist István Énekes.

</doc>
<doc id="18598259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598259" title="Charley Bassett">
Charley Bassett

Charles Edwin Bassett (February 9, 1863 in Central Falls, Rhode Island – May 28, 1942 in Pawtucket, Rhode Island), was a Major League Baseball infielder. He played all or part of nine seasons in the majors, from -, for the Providence Grays, Kansas City Cowboys, Indianapolis Hoosiers, New York Giants, and Louisville Colonels.

</doc>
<doc id="18598268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598268" title="Ailill Corrach mac Flainn">
Ailill Corrach mac Flainn

Ailill Corrach mac Flainn (died 741) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly. He was one of the many sons of Fland Dá Chongal, a previous king. He ruled from 714 to 741. The byname Corrach means "unsteady".
Four of his brothers were slain at the Battle of Áth Senaig in 738 when the men of Leinster were crushed by the high king Áed Allán. Ailill was killed in 741 but the circumstances are not given.

</doc>
<doc id="18598282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598282" title="Levoamphetamine">
Levoamphetamine

Levoamphetamine (also levamfetamine, (R)-amphetamine or (−)-amphethamine) is a psychostimulant known to increase wakefulness and concentration in association with decreased appetite and fatigue. Levoamphetamine is the levorotatory stereoisomer of the amphetamine molecule.
Chemistry.
Levoamphetamine is the levorotary stereoisomer of the amphetamine molecule. The amphetamine racemate contains two stereoisomers, dextroamphetamine and levoamphetamine, both exhibiting amphetaminergic (amphetamine-like) effects.
Formulations.
Adderall.
The drug Adderall contains 25% levoamphetamine and 75% dextroamphetamine.
Benzedrine.
Benzedrine was a racemic (1:1 racemate) mixture of dextroamphetamine and levoamphetamine introduced in the United States delivered by an inhaler in 1933 for decongestant uses. Benzedrine was converted into tablet form in 1938 after it was discovered that amphetamine could treat narcolepsy and behavioral disorders.

</doc>
<doc id="18598283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598283" title="Barry Keenan">
Barry Keenan

Barry Keenan (born 1940) is an American businessman who is best known as the mastermind behind the 1963 kidnapping of Frank Sinatra, Jr.
At the age of 21, Keenan was already successful in the world of business, as well as being the youngest member of the Los Angeles Stock Exchange. A car accident left Keenan penniless and addicted to painkillers, eventually leading him to hatch the scheme and enlist help in the kidnap-for-ransom plan. Keenan, along with Johnny Irwin and Joe Amsler, conspired to kidnap Frank Sinatra, Jr. Keenan had a psychiatric condition in which he heard voices, and felt that his plan was blessed by God; since he intended to eventually pay the money back, he did not think the kidnapping was immoral. After successfully nabbing Sinatra Jr. from the Harrah's Lodge at South Lake Tahoe, Keenan made contact with Frank Sinatra, Sr. to make ransom arrangements. Sinatra initially offered one million dollars, but Keenan demanded $240,000 instead; significantly less. Despite the nature of the crime, Keenan felt that he was bringing the Sinatra family closer together and assisting the Sinatras in other intangible ways.
Sinatra paid the ransom and the three men released his son. Within days, all three conspirators were apprehended by the FBI. Keenan was sentenced to life plus seventy-five years in prison for his crimes, but only served four and a half years before he was released, because it was determined that he was legally insane at the time of the crime.
After his release, Keenan went on to become successful as a real estate developer. He is currently writing a book about the affair, with all proceeds going to charity, due for publication in 2013. The event was made into the basis for a Showtime movie released in 2003, "Stealing Sinatra", starring David Arquette and William H. Macy

</doc>
<doc id="18598284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598284" title="Al Myers">
Al Myers

James Albert Myers (October 22, 1863 in Danville, Illinois – December 24, 1927 in Marshall, Illinois), was a Major League Baseball second baseman from -. Known as "Cod" Myers, he owned the Health Office Saloon and built an apartment house in Terre Haute, Indiana. His daughter, Ernestine Myers, pursued a successful career in professional dance. Myers played for the Milwaukee Brewers, Philadelphia Quakers/Phillies, Kansas City Cowboys, and Washington Nationals.

</doc>
<doc id="18598288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598288" title="John Gray (boxer)">
John Gray (boxer)

John Henry Gray (April 24, 1906 – January 24, 1964) was a Filipino boxer who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Leyte, Leyte (Philippines) and died in Tacloban City, Philippines. He was married to Bessie Mooney. They had eleven children. He was the son of Elihu Wayne Gray, who was born in Searcy County, Arkansas. His mother was Ambrosia Perida.
In 1932 he was eliminated in the first round of the flyweight class after losing his fight to Edelweis Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="18598289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598289" title="DaVinci3">
DaVinci3

DaVinci3 (or DV3) is a graphics engine software used in set-top box platforms by NDS. This engine provides low-level rendering API to Interactive Applications.
DV3 consists of 3 parts, that are:

</doc>
<doc id="18598311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598311" title="USS Anaqua (AN-40)">
USS Anaqua (AN-40)

USS "Anaqua" (AN-40/YN-59) was an which served with the United States Navy in the Western Pacific Theater of Operations during World War II. She served the U.S. Pacific Fleet with her protective anti-submarine nets, and returned home safely after the war.
Built in Washington.
"YN-59" was laid down on 16 December 1942 at Everett, Washington, by the Everett-Pacific Shipbuilding & Drydock Co.; launched on 16 August 1943; sponsored by Miss Marian Swalwell; redesignated "AN-40" and named "Anaqua" on 20 January 1944; and placed in commission on 21 February 1944.
World War II service.
Service in the frigid North Pacific.
After conducting shakedown training in Puget Sound, the net laying ship got underway for Alaska and reached Dutch Harbor on 20 May. She then began her assignment of tending nets in waters off Alaska and the Aleutian Islands. On 16 October, while the ship was hauling net gear from Cold Bay to Dutch Harbor, she encountered a severe storm with high winds. The damage "Anaqua" sustained was so extensive that she was ordered to return to the United States for availability.
The battered vessel arrived at Seattle, Washington, on 20 December and entered drydock at the Lake Washington Shipyard, Kirkland, Washington. Upon completion of the repairs, she got underway on 5 February 1945 for the Naval Net Depot, Tiburon, California. While en route to that port, she encountered a storm off the coast of Oregon. The ship sprung numerous leaks through the main deck and the boat deck. Moreover, several electrical fires broke out and caused considerable damage. Upon her arrival at Tiburon, the ship was sent to the Martinolich Shipyard in San Francisco for repairs to her new damage.
Assigned to the western Pacific.
On 11 March, "Anaqua" again stood out to sea and arrived back at Tiburon safely and took on a load of amphibious gear before sailing for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. During her voyage across the eastern Pacific, the ship experienced several steering engine failures. She reached Pearl Harbor on 26 March, unloaded her net gear, and entered a drydock at the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard where, in addition to repair of her steering system, her hull was re-caulked to eliminate persistent leaks.
"Anaqua" resumed operations late in May, took on a cargo, and, on 25 May, sailed for the Mariana Islands. After a brief stop en route at Eniwetok, the net tender reached Guam on 16 June, discharged her cargo, and then proceeded to Tinian to lay gasoline tanker moorings. She completed this job on 22 June and sailed on to Ulithi. She arrived there on the 26th and spent the next four months in the lagoon of that atoll maintaining anti-torpedo nets in conjunction with five other net tenders. This duty was interrupted briefly by a trip to Yap Island following the surrender of Japan to load Japanese ordnance gear for transportation back to Ulithi.
End-of-war operations.
Following her return to the atoll, "Anaqua" assisted in closing down the large fleet anchorage at Ulithi. The vessel helped remove of anti-torpedo net. This salvage work was completed by 17 October, when she headed home with a barge in tow. The ship paused at Saipan to unload nets being transported by the barge and then proceeded to Hawaii. During this passage, rough seas and inclement weather slowed her progress, and "Anaqua" headed for Midway Islands to refuel. The vessel finally reached Pearl Harbor on 12 November.
The net tender left Hawaii on the 16th and reached San Diego, California, on 25 November. Shortly thereafter, she sailed to San Pedro, California, where preparations to deactivate the ship began.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Anaqua" was decommissioned at San Pedro on 7 February 1946, and her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 26 February 1946. The ship was sold on 6 March 1946 to Mr. Robert J. Heffner, Santa Ana, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18598328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598328" title="List of Atlantic decapod species">
List of Atlantic decapod species

This is a list of decapod crustaceans found in the North and South Atlantic Oceans.

</doc>
<doc id="18598334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598334" title="Johnny Rucker">
Johnny Rucker

John Joel Rucker (January 15, 1917 – August 7, 1985) was an American professional baseball player, an outfielder who appeared in 705 Major League Baseball games played, 607 as a center fielder, over six seasons (1940–1941; 1943–1946) for the New York Giants. The native of Crabapple, Georgia — a nephew of former Major League pitcher Nap Rucker — batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He attended the University of Georgia.
Until broken by Pablo Sandoval in , Rucker's 17-game hitting streak to start the campaign was the Giants' franchise record for a hitting streak to begin a season. The skein lasted from April 17 through May 9, and Rucker batted .333 with 28 hits in 84 at bats, with six doubles and two home runs. It was halted on May 11, 1945, by Frank Dasso of the Cincinnati Reds. During his MLB career, Rucker amassed 711 hits, including 105 doubles and 39 triples.
Rucker's professional career extended from 1938–1952, although he sat out the 1951 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18598344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598344" title="Rodrigo Bascuñán">
Rodrigo Bascuñán

Rodrigo Salago Bascuñán (born March 10, 1976) is a Canadian author who is best known for his non-fiction book "."
Biography.
Born in Santiago, Chile, Bascuñán's family immigrated to Toronto, Canada in 1977 to escape the Pinochet dictatorship. 
In 1998, Bascuñán began work on "Pound" Magazine, the magazine would debut a year and half later when the first issue was published in December 1999. Bascuñán created the "Babylon System" column in the magazine in 2000. Originally a collection of statistics highlighting injustice in the world, "Pound" co-founder Christian Pearce refined "Babylon System" into a section of original investigative reporting. 
In 2004, Bascuñán and Pearce signed a publishing deal with Random House Canada to publish a book on the topic of gun violence. The resulting book, "Enter The Babylon System: Unpacking Gun Culture from Samuel Colt To 50 Cent," was released in January 2007 to critical acclaim. The book garnered nominations for the 2007 Governor General's Awards, Donner Prize, The National Business Book Award and an Arthur Ellis Award. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598352" title="Thesprotia (genus)">
Thesprotia (genus)

Thesprotia is a genus of mantises which go by the common name Grass Mantis. They are native to the Americas and are represented by the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18598354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598354" title="Doc and Merle Watson's Guitar Album">
Doc and Merle Watson's Guitar Album

"Doc and Merle Watson's Guitar Album" is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson and Merle Watson, first released in 1983.
It has been released on CD by Vanguard Records and Flying Fish Records.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18598355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598355" title="Patrick Gillespie (baseball)">
Patrick Gillespie (baseball)

Peter Patrick Gillespie (November 30, 1851 in Carbondale, Pennsylvania – May 4, 1910 in Carbondale, Pennsylvania, United States) was a left fielder in Major League Baseball from to . He played for the Troy Trojans and New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="18598363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598363" title="Garo Mafyan">
Garo Mafyan

Garo Mafyan is (born 1951 in Istanbul) a famous Turkish musician and composer of Armenian descent.
Personal life.
He grew up in Erenköy, Istanbul. He is married to Gülyüz (née Bayraktaroğlu) Mafyan, and has a daughter named Damla. He is related to one of the founders of the Turkish Language Association, Agop Dilaçar Martayan as well as Levon Aşçiyan, the last palace doctor.

</doc>
<doc id="18598367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598367" title="Andy Lewis (producer)">
Andy Lewis (producer)

Andy Lewis is an English soul record producer, solo artist and bassist. He has released two albums as a solo artist: "Billion Pound Project" in September 2005 and "You Must Be Hearing Something Now!" in October 2007. "Are You Trying to Be Lonely?", a collaboration single with Paul Weller in 2007 reached #31 in the UK Singles Chart and #2 in the UK Indie Chart.
Lewis went to St David's University College, Lampeter, which was part of the University of Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="18598378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598378" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Brown County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brown County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, districts, and objects in Brown County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Brown County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, the latitude and longitude coordinates of which are included below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="18598388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598388" title="Flaithnia mac Flainn">
Flaithnia mac Flainn

Flaithnia mac Flainn (died 755) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly. He was one of the many sons of Fland Dá Chongal, a previous king. He ruled from 741 to 755. 
His predecessor and half-brother Ailill Corrach mac Flainn was killed in 741 but the circumstances are not given. Nothing is recorded of Flaithnia in the annals other than his death obit.
His son Domnall mac Flaíthnia (died 783) was a king of the Uí Failge.

</doc>
<doc id="18598413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598413" title="Mel Sampat">
Mel Sampat

Mel Sampat is a former Program Manager at Microsoft where he worked on the Windows Mobile team from December 2005 to April 2010. He was a frequent contributor on the "Windows Mobile Team Blog", and a speaker at Microsoft's worldwide developer conferences. Since leaving Microsoft, Sampat has been involved with various mobile app startups.
Sampat was the original author of "OutSync", a free Windows application that helps users sync photos of their Microsoft Outlook contacts from Facebook.
Before Microsoft, Sampat was the founder and CEO of "Two Peaks Software", an independent software vendor specializing in Windows Mobile applications. Two Peaks was partially acquired by WebIS prior to Sampat joining Microsoft in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18598435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598435" title="Schistocerca nitens">
Schistocerca nitens

Schistocerca nitens is a species of grasshopper known by several common names, including vagrant grasshopper and gray bird grasshopper. It is a close relative of the desert locust, which is in the same genus. This grasshopper is native to southern North America including Mexico and the southwestern United States from California to Texas. It is also present in parts of Central America. It lives in many habitats including desert, woodland, and lower elevation mountainous areas. It is a large grasshopper, reaching lengths of 4 to 7 centimeters. It is mostly brown and gray spotted or patched in cryptic coloration. This species is known as a pest on ornamental plants and many types of crop plants. 
Hawaiian population.
It is a troublesome invasive species in Hawaii. This grasshopper is usually solitary, but it has been known to swarm as locusts. A particularly destructive swarming event occurred on the Hawaiian island of Nihoa in 2004, wiping out some 90% of the vegetation on the island. It was probably introduced to Hawaii several decades ago and then spread through the archipelago by flying; it has the ability to fly at least 300 miles across ocean.
Life cycle.
The grasshopper becomes sexually mature at 3 to 4 months of age. Any stage of its life cycle can be seen at any time of the year, but the adult is less active during the winter and fall. Mating usually occurs on warm nights in summer, and often around bright lights.

</doc>
<doc id="18598437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598437" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbia County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Columbia County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Columbia County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, the latitude and longitude coordinates of which are included below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="18598441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598441" title="The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2000">
The New York Times Non-Fiction Best Sellers of 2000

This is a list of adult non-fiction books that topped "The New York Times" Non-Fiction Best Seller list in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18598449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598449" title="Thesprotia brasiliensis">
Thesprotia brasiliensis

Thesprotia brasiliensis, common name Brazilian Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598452" title="Gerhard Werner">
Gerhard Werner

Gerhard Werner (1921–2012) was a medical doctor and scholar active in research covering areas of pharmacology, psychiatry, cognitive neuroscience, especially neurodynamics, artificial intelligence, and complexity theory. During his career, and continuing after his retirement in 1989, he published just over a hundred scientific papers and held administrative posts in government, academic and corporate institutions.
Werner graduated from the University of Vienna Medical School in 1945, and continued studies in mathematics, theoretical physics, and later Psychoanalysis. He joined the World Health Organization (WHO) and served in Calcutta, India and Sao Paulo, Brazil. He worked at Cornell Medical College and Johns Hopkins University with Vernon Mountcastle. He was instrumental in introducing the neuropharmacological use of Succinylcholine. Werner became Chairman of the Pharmacology Department, and later Dean of the Medical School, at the University of Pittsburgh.
In 1984, Werner was awarded the "Alexander von Humboldt Price" to study temporal signal correlations in the brain in a collaboration with Heribert Reitboeck at Philipps University of Marburg / Germany. 
Werner, also, served in the Veterans Administration (VA) in Pittsburgh, and later was a consultant to Motorola. 
As a member of National Institute of Health (NIH), he was involved in the early development of the prototype for the personal computer during the LINC project. At the University of Pittsburgh, he helped develop an early AI-driven medical expert system - the PROPHET system. He has a long-standing interest in the theoretical grounding of brain-related dynamical systems.
After encountering the constructivist concepts of Humberto Maturana, Werner moved away from representationalism as a way to explain the nature of how brain and mind enable knowledge of reality. Like Walter Freeman and the late Francisco Varela, Werner espoused dynamical systems theory in place of representationalism.
Vision neuroscientist J. Anthony Movshon of New York University credited Werner and
Vernon Mountcastle for introducing Alan Turing's statistical approach to making decisions into neuroscience in the 1960s.
Dr. Werner was an Adjunct Professor with the Department of Biomedical Engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. 
Dr. Werner died on March 26, 2012 at the age of 90.
"The origin and current use of the concepts of computation, representation and information in Neuroscience are examined and conceptual flaws are identified which vitiate their usefulness for addressing the problem of the neural basis of Cognition and Consciousness. In contrast, a convergence of views is presented to support the characterization of the Nervous System as a complex dynamical system operating in a metastable regime, and capable of evolving to configurations and transitions in phase space with potential relevance for Cognition and Consciousness."
-Perspectives on the Neuroscience of Cognition and Consciousness,
Pages 82-95, BioSystems 87, 2007
After a career in medicine and brain science that lasted nearly 70 years, Werner's final solo paper "From brain states to mental phenomena via phase space transitions and renormalization group transformation: proposal of a theory" was published in 2012 in the journal "Cognitive Neurodynamics". In 2013, Werner and BJ Mitterauer published an article entitled "Neuromodulatory Systems" in the journal "Frontiers in Neural Circuits".

</doc>
<doc id="18598467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598467" title="Thesprotia caribea">
Thesprotia caribea

Thesprotia caribea, common name Caribbean Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Antigua and Jamaica. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598494" title="Thesprotia brevis">
Thesprotia brevis

Thesprotia brevis is a species of praying mantis found in Paraguay. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598505" title="Joe Andrew (academic)">
Joe Andrew (academic)

Joe Andrew (born Joseph Matthew Andrew, 1 June 1948, Derby) is a British academic whose main research interests are 19th-century Russian literature, feminist approaches to literature, and women writers. More recently, Andrew has shown great interest in film studies, leading film-based modules on the Media, Communications and Culture programme at Keele University.
Andrew is Professor of Russian Literature at Keele University. His publishing history includes 24 books (monographs, single authored research translations, single edited books, co-edited books, and co-translated books), 61 articles (single authored articles in refereed journals, single authored chapters in books, and co-authored chapters in books), 57 translations, and 58 reviews.
Early life.
Educated at Bemrose School, Derby, Joe Andrew was a grammar school boy from a non-intellectual, Roman Catholic, middle class family. He won a Scholarship to study at University College, Oxford and, in 1969, he was awarded a First-Class Honours degree in Modern Languages.
In 1971, whilst researching the history of the Russian literary language at Wolfson College, Oxford, Andrew joined the recently formed ‘Neo-Formalist Circle’. His membership of the Circle, and his interest in Russian formalism, has continued to the present- day.
Academic career.
Joe Andrew was appointed Lecturer in Russian Studies at Keele University 1972. He became a Senior Lecturer in 1989 and Reader in 1993. In 1995, he was elevated to Professor.
Andrew’s teaching has included courses on Anton Chekhov, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Nikolai Gogol, Mikhail Lermontov, Alexander Pushkin, Leo Tolstoy, Ivan Turgenev and women in Russian literature. He has delivered 70 invited lectures & conference papers all around the world.
Joe Andrew, and his departmental colleague Chris Pike, began organising the Neo-Formalist Circle from Keele University in the mid-1970s. This led to a “considerable consolidation of the Neo-Formalist Circle, to the extent that it is now very much a fixture on the British and international academic scenes” The Circle’s twice-a-year journal ‘Essays in Poetics’ first appeared in April 1976 and was edited by Andrew and Pike. In 1990, Robert Reid replaced Pike as the both Circle’s co-chair and the journal’s joint editor. Andrew remained Chair and joint editor until 2006.
During Andrew’s leadership of the Neo-Formalist Circle it has organized several special conferences, on literary figures such as Chekhov, Gogol, Platonov and Pushkin. These conferences have led to the publication of a number of edited volumes.
Activities outside the academy.
From 1987 to 2006, Andrew also served as the Chair of Committee of Resettlement Project North Staffs (which later became ‘ARCH North Staffs), a Charitable organisation providing a range of services to vulnerable people.
Andrew rediscovered his Catholicism after meeting his wife. He is a committed campaigner for CAFOD and an active lay Catholic.
He and his wife Barbara live in Hartshill, Stoke-on-Trent. Barbara Andrew also has a long history of voluntary work on behalf of the community.

</doc>
<doc id="18598519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598519" title="Thesprotia filum">
Thesprotia filum

Thesprotia filum, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in French Guiana, Surinam, and Trinidad.

</doc>
<doc id="18598522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598522" title="Giorgio de Santillana">
Giorgio de Santillana

Giorgio Diaz de Santillana (Rome, 30 May 1902 – Beverly, Massachusetts, 1974) was an Italian-American philosopher of science and historian of science, and professor at MIT. He moved to the United States in 1936 and became a naturalized US citizen in 1945. In 1948, he married. In 1941 he commenced his academic career at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), becoming an Assistant Professor the following year. From 1943 to 1945 he served in the United States Army as a war correspondent. Following the war, in 1945 he returned to MIT and was made an Associate Professor in 1948 and a full Professor of the History of Science in the School of Humanities in 1954. In 1969, he published a book entitled: "Hamlet's Mill, An Essay on Myth and the Frame of Time" with Dr. Hertha von Dechend. This book focussed upon the understanding of the connection between the mythological stories of Pharaonic Egypt, Babylon, Greece, Christianity, etc. and the ancient observations pertaining to the stars, planets and, most notably, the 26,000 year precession of the equinoxes.

</doc>
<doc id="18598535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598535" title="Thesprotia fuscipennis">
Thesprotia fuscipennis

Thesprotia fuscipennis, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598539" title="Thesprotia gigas">
Thesprotia gigas

Thesprotia gigas, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598541" title="Cummascach mac Flainn">
Cummascach mac Flainn

Cummascach mac Flainn (died 757) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly. He was one of the many sons of Fland Dá Chongal, a previous king. He ruled from 755 to 757. He was the first of Fland's sons by Érenach, daughter of Murchad Midi (died 715) of Uisnech to hold the throne.
Not mentioned in the "Annals of Ulster", the "Annals of Tigernach" record that he was slain in 757 by Máel Dúin mac Áedo (died 786), King of Munster.

</doc>
<doc id="18598543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598543" title="Sherif Sabri Pasha">
Sherif Sabri Pasha

Sherif Sabri Pasha () was the brother of Nazli Sabri, Queen consort of Egypt. He was thus the maternal uncle of Nazli's son King Farouk I, and served on the three-member Regency Council that was formed in 1936-37 during the latter's minority. Sherif Pasha Sabri was 41 years old at the time, and had previously held the post of Undersecretary for Foreign Affairs.
On 30 September 1946, Sherif Sabri Pasha was asked to become Prime Minister and head a new cabinet. However, he never became premier and Isma'il Sidqi Pasha remained Prime Minister until 9 December 1946.
Sherif Sabri Pasha headed the Egyptian Geographic Society from May 1946 till March 1955. Like his sister Nazli, he was a grandson of Egypt's three-time Prime minister Muhammad Sharif Pasha who was of Turkish origin, as well as a great-grandson of Napoleon Bonaparte's colonel Suleiman Pasha.

</doc>
<doc id="18598551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598551" title="Thesprotia infumata">
Thesprotia infumata

Thesprotia infumata is a species of praying mantis found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598558" title="Thesprotia insolita">
Thesprotia insolita

Thesprotia insolita, common name Costa Rican Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Costa Rica. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598570" title="Thesprotia macilenta">
Thesprotia macilenta

Thesprotia macilenta, common name Bolivian Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Bolivia, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia, and Paraguay. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598573" title="Dr. Finlay's Casebook (TV and radio)">
Dr. Finlay's Casebook (TV and radio)

"Dr. Finlay's Casebook" is a television series that was broadcast on the BBC from 1962 until 1971. Based on A. J. Cronin's novella entitled "Country Doctor", the storylines centred on a general medical practice in the fictional Scottish town of Tannochbrae during the late 1920s. Cronin was the primary writer for the show between 1962 and 1964.
Characters.
The main characters were Dr. Finlay, the junior partner in the practice, played by Bill Simpson, Dr. Cameron, the craggy senior partner, played by Andrew Cruickshank and Janet, their unflappable housekeeper and receptionist at Arden House, played by Barbara Mullen. Other recurrent characters included Dr. Snoddie, Finlay's crusty detractor and Janet's admirer, played by Eric Woodburn and gossipy Mistress Niven (the district nurse), played by Effie Morrison.
Filming location.
Although it is widely documented that location work for the original series was filmed in the town of Callander in Perthshire, the very first six episodes were filmed in Tannoch Drive, Milngavie, where the fictional Arden House was situated on the right-hand side as one approaches Tannoch Loch. It was the ducks on that loch that formed part of the opening sequence of the programme. The preceding shot is of the Red Bridge over the River Teith. Other outdoor scenes were filmed in Kilbarchan, Church Street in particular has changed little since filming took place. 
In one of those first episodes, Dr. Finlay (Bill Simpson) crashed his old Bullnose Morris into the wall of Arden House—and that was not in the script. Another episode, filmed at night along Mugdock Road, found the local policeman, somewhat inebriated, on his bicycle in a scene with Dr. Snoddie. The interior scenes were shot in various BBC studios in London and Glasgow.
Radio.
From 1970 until 1978, episodes from "Dr. Finlay's Casebook" were broadcast on BBC Radio 4 with some of the same actors from the television programme. Twenty episodes were broadcast on BBC 7 in the autumn of 2003 and have been repeated annually since. In 2001 and 2002, BBC Radio 4 broadcast a version of the original Cronin stories using the titles, "The Adventures of a Black Bag" and "Doctor Finlay - Further Adventures of a Black Bag" ; these have been rebroadcast by BBC 7. The adaptations are set in Levenford, the original setting chosen by Cronin, rather than Tannochbrae. The role of Dr. Finlay was played by John Gordon Sinclair. Dr. Cameron was played by Brian Pettifer, and Janet was played initially by Katy Murphy, and then by Celia Imrie. David Tennant was a frequent guest actor.
Music.
The programme's famous theme tune was Trevor Duncan's march from "A Little Suite". The other two movements from the Suite were often used as background music. The characters from the series are also featured in a song entitled "Dr. Finlay" by Andy Stewart, which scored a minor Top 50 hit in 1965.
DVD.
Simply Media TV released the first series of Dr Finlay's Casebook in March 2013, and the second series will be released early in 2014.
Controversy.
Cronin received copies of the scripts, and he wrote a blunt letter to the series' script editor in 1964, expressing his dissatisfaction with the progression of the show. Word leaked to the media, and in June 1964, stories appeared in the national press suggesting that the author wanted the series to end. One newspaper even accused the author of "maliciously doing millions out of legitimate enjoyment." The outcry from the viewing public was immediate, and sackfuls of mail were dispatched to Cronin's home in Switzerland. He issued a statement on 7 June to refute the charges made against him: By the following year, the series was in every sense a cult, even a national institution. A Bill Simpson Fan Club was set up, Andy Stewart's "Dr Finlay" was in the Hit Parade for five weeks, and Andrew Cruikshank was invited as a guest of honour at the British Medical Association's annual dinner to speak on medical matters as if he were a real GP.
External links.
The first DVD release of Dr Finlay's Casebook Series 1 is being released in March 2013 via Simply Media.

</doc>
<doc id="18598578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598578" title="Thesprotia maculata">
Thesprotia maculata

Thesprotia maculata, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Bolivia and Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598581" title="1884–85 Newton Heath LYR F.C. season">
1884–85 Newton Heath LYR F.C. season

The 1884–85 season was Newton Heath LYR's second season of competitive football. Having entered the Lancashire Cup for the first time the previous year, they reached the Second Round this time around. However, it was to be the last time that the club entered a senior team in the competition until 1889.
The Heathens also entered a team in the Manchester and District Challenge Cup for the first time in 1885, and found much more success than in the Lancashire Cup; they reached the final at the first attempt, where they lost 3–0 to Hurst. Apart from the final, the team scored three goals or more in every round of the competition.
Lancashire Cup.
The Heathens' first entry into the Lancashire Cup had seen them drawn against Blackburn Olympic, who beat them comfortably despite playing their reserve team. The 1884–85 tournament paired Newton Heath with Haydock Temperance, to be played at North Road. The match was won 4–0 and set up a clash with Baxenden the following month. However, Baxenden proved to be tougher opposition than Haydock and beat the Heathens 4–1.
Manchester and District Senior Cup.
The 1884–85 Manchester Cup was Newton Heath's first foray into that competition. The competition was geared towards teams in and around the Manchester area, a narrower focus than the Lancashire Cup, thus limiting the number of quality teams that Newton Heath would come up against. Therefore, although it displayed less ambition from the club, it also provided them with a more likely chance of silverware.
Their first opposition in the competition was Eccles, whom they beat 3–2 at North Road on 31 January 1885. However, Eccles appealed against the result, claiming that Newton Heath's third goal was invalid and should not have stood. The match was replayed two weeks later at Henrietta Street, Old Trafford, home of the Manchester Association club. This time, Newton Heath won the match 3–0, putting the result beyond doubt.
In the second round, the Heathens were pitted against the favourites for the cup, Manchester. However, despite being the home team and their status as favourites, Manchester were unable to compete with Newton Heath, who ran out 3–0 winners. The Railwaymen racked up another four goals in the semi-final against Owens College (which would go on to become the University of Manchester), winning 4–3 to put them into their first ever final. Their opponents in the final, played at Whalley Range in south Manchester, were Hurst. The Heathens went into the game with high hopes, coming off the back of some high-scoring games in the earlier rounds, but ultimately lost 3–0.

</doc>
<doc id="18598587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598587" title="Thesprotia pellucida">
Thesprotia pellucida

Thesprotia pellucida, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598589" title="Thesprotia simplex">
Thesprotia simplex

Thesprotia simplex, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598591" title="2008 Summer Olympics marketing">
2008 Summer Olympics marketing

2008 Summer Olympics marketing has been a long running campaign that began since Beijing won its bid to host the games in 2001.
Symbols.
Emblem.
The 2008 Summer Olympics emblem is known as Dancing Beijing () designed by Guo Chunning. The emblem combines a traditional Chinese red seal and a representation of the calligraphic character "jīng" (京, "national capital", also the second character of Beijing's Chinese name) with athletic features. The open arms of the calligraphic word symbolizes the invitation of China to the world to share in its culture. IOC president Jacques Rogge was very happy with the emblem, saying, "Your new emblem immediately conveys the awesome beauty and power of China which are embodied in your heritage and your people."
Slogan.
The slogan for the 2008 Olympics is ""One World, One Dream"" (.) The slogan calls upon the whole world to join in the Olympic spirit and build a better future for humanity. It was chosen from over 210,000 entries submitted from around the world.
Look of the Games.
The graphic elements of the Look of the Games for the Beijing 2008 Olympics was centered around the "Lucky Cloud," a motif found throughout Chinese art. Consistent with past Olympic Games, the Look of the Games was most prominently used on decorations found throughout Beijing 2008 host cities and official venues. Additionally, the Beijing 2008 Look of the Games was applied to the official invitation from the IOC to all National Olympic Committees to participate in the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, on official Beijing 2008 merchandise and tickets, on the official Beijing 2008 Volunteer and Staff uniforms, and on various other official and/or promotional material.
The Look of the Games was edited for the International Torch Relay of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. The graphic identify of the "Lucky Cloud" motif remained, and an ancient Chinese phoenix motif was added to further represent the themes of the Torch Relay.
Mascot.
The official 2008 Olympic Mascots are the five Fuwa (, literally "good luck dolls"). The Fuwa consist of five members that incorporate fish, giant panda, fire, Tibetan antelope, and swallow designs. The Fuwa each have as their primary color one of the colors of the five Olympic Rings that stand for the five continents. The five Fuwa are named Beibei, Jingjing, Huanhuan, Yingying, and Nini. When the first syllable of each of the five names are said together, the result is the phrase (Běijīng huānyíng nĭ) which means ""Beijing welcomes you"".
Tickets.
In April 2007, over seven million tickets for sporting events and ceremonies went on sale. Approximately 75% of tickets went on sale through the Beijing Organizing Committee, which set low ticket prices for domestic tickets, to encourage the Chinese people to attend the Games. International tickets are available through each nation's NOC. By June 2007, 2.2 million tickets had already been sold. The last round of some 250,000 tickets were on sale in Beijing on 25 July 2008. Long lines were formed the day before at the ticket office including many who slept overnight. Another 570,000 tickets for football matches are up for grabs in co-host cities just weeks before the opening.
Merchandising.
Since early 2007, licensed Olympics merchandise stores have been in business throughout China. More than 800 official stores were in operation at the end of July 2007. Since August 2007, Olympic merchandise has been made available online, with more than 5000 products available via the official merchandising website, which include apparel, mascot dolls, key-chains and commemorative chopsticks.
In November 2007, the overseas Olympic E-shop provided online access to customers all over the world to Licensed Products of Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, excluding the USA, Japan, UK, Canada and China.
Bank notes.
The China's central bank issued a new 10-yuan note without the picture of Mao Zedong featuring a Greek discus thrower and the Bird's Nest. A total of 6 million notes were released at 10 yuan (US$1.46). Another 4 million notes were released in Hong Kong as a special-edition note at HK$20 (US$2.56) before the official release on 15 July 2008. Of the 4 million notes, 3.76 million of them were sold in Hong Kong, with the remainder sold to Macau and the overseas community, ranging from HK$138 to HK$1,338. Thousands of people formed long lines outside the Hong Kong Bank of China branch, more than 48 hours before the notes were issued.
Multimedia.
Opening ceremony.
An international release of a double DVD set of the official Opening ceremony was released on 11 August 2008 in Mandarin and English.
Albums.
On 5 May 2008 an official olympic soundtrack album titled The Official Album for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games was released featuring various artists including Andy Lau, Wakin Chau, A-Mei Chang, Nicholas Tse, Coco Lee, Jackie Chan, Natasha Na (那英), Leehom Wang, Han Geng, Joey Yung, Sun Nan, David Huang (黃大煒), Stefanie Sun, Jay Chou, Wang Feng (汪峰), Han Hong (韓紅), Wei Wei, Liu Huan, Dai Yu Chen (戴玉強), Yu Quan, Xu Yang (徐洋), Tan Jing, Bibi Zhou, Jane Zhang. It also included one Korean artist, Jang Nara. On 7 August 2008 Jackie Chan became the only male singer authorized to release his own version of the same album.
Another album was released around 14 August 2008 titled The Olympics Album - One World One Dream: featuring Krystal Meyers, Fireflight, Avril Lavigne, Joanna Wang, Coco Lee, Sun Nan, David Huang (黃大煒) and Tan Jing.
Songs.
Theme songs.
The official song for the game's one-year countdown celebration was ""We Are Ready"". The song was sung by an ensemble of 133 artists from Hong Kong, Taiwan, mainland China, Singapore and Korea. The song is composed by Hong Kong songwriter Peter Kam with lyrics by Keith Chen. Among the participating HK singers are Alan Tam, Hacken Lee, Eason Chan, Joey Yung, Gigi Leung, Leo Ku and Jackie Chan. Elva Hsiao, David Huang (黃大煒), and Chris Yu (游鴻明) represented Taiwan. Stefanie Sun and A-Do also represented Singapore. While JJ Lin represented Malaysia. Also with Jang Na Ra representing Korea. Bibi Zhou, Li Yuchun, Jane Zhang, Pu Shu, Wang Feng, Han Geng and Huang Xiaoming represented mainland China.
""You and Me"", the official theme song for the games themselves, was first performed at the Opening Ceremony by Liu Huan and Sarah Brightman. Containing both Mandarin and English lyrics, it was composed by Chen Qigang, a Shanghai born French Chinese.
Beijing songs.
"Beijing Welcomes You" was the theme song for the 100-day countdown celebration. ""I am a Star"" and ""Smile Beijing"" have been selected as theme songs for the Beijing Olympic Volunteers Committee. "Beijing Beijing, I Love Beijing" was performed at the closing ceremony.
Torch relay songs.
The official theme for the torch relay was ""Light the Passion, Share the Dream"" (), performed by Wang Leehom, Stefanie Sun, Jane Zhang and Wang Feng, with the English version performed by the 106 contestants of Miss World 2007. Another song to accompany the relay is "Red around the world" composed by Wyman Wong with lyrics by Albert Leung. The song also happens to be the new Coca cola promotional song. Individual versions are available for different artists such as Jacky Cheung, S.H.E, Wilber Pan.
Other songs.
Chinese American singer Coco Lee and mainland singer Sun Nan performed a promotional duet ""Forever Friends"", and Nicholas Tse and Joey Yung sings ""Together On The Blue Planet"". Twenty-eight different sports are represented by 28 mainland China singers in a promotion video and song called ""In Magnificent Shape to Uphold the Dream"". Members include Fan Bingbing, Eva Huang (黃聖依), and Li Bingbing. Korea artists also contributed. Rain performed ""Any Dream"". Jang Nara performed ""Our Dream"", Zhang Liyin performed ""One More Try"", and Super Junior M performed ""The One"".
Film.
The film ""One Person's Olympics"" supported by Beijing's Olympic promotion committee shows Jackie Chan, Stefanie Sun, Leehom Wang, and Han Hong singing ""Stand Up Together"" in unison.
Video games.
Two games were made for this event. "Beijing 2008" is the official game for the 2008 olympics developed by Eurocom. "Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games" was published by Sega for North America and Europe and published by Nintendo for Japan.
Animations.
A Chinese animation titled "The Olympic Adventures of Fuwa" was jointly produced by BTV and Kaku Cartoon.
Stamps.
The United Nations postal service launched six commemorative stamps by Brazilian pop-artist Romero Britto released on 8 August.
A special edition of stamps were issued by Hong Kong Post on 9 August with the theme of hosting the Equestrian event. Two limited edition products - Prestige Crystal Blocks Gift Set and the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games Limited Edition Prestige Stamp Album was on sale at 37 philatelic offices with limited stocks available. The album is issued in a limited edition of 6,000 copies with a certificate.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising.
Many corporations worked to tie their brands to the games. Adidas, McDonalds, and Coca Cola were among the big spenders.

</doc>
<doc id="18598592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598592" title="The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo">
The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo

The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo is a 1935 American romantic comedy film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Stephen Roberts, and starred Ronald Colman, Joan Bennett, and Colin Clive. The screenplay was written by Nunnally Johnson and Howard Smith, based on play by Ilya Surguchev and Frederick Albert Swan. The film was inspired by the song of the same name, popularised by Charles Coborn.
Plot.
After World War I, in Monte Carlo a girl lures back the Russian one-time aristocrat who broke the bank, and makes him poor; however, she falls in love with him and follows him.

</doc>
<doc id="18598600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598600" title="Mark 43 torpedo">
Mark 43 torpedo

The 10" Mark 43 torpedo was the first and smallest of the United States Navy light-weight anti-submarine torpedoes. This electrically propelled 10-inch (25-cm) torpedo was 92 inches (2.3 m) long and weighed 265 pounds (120 kg). Described as "a submersible guided missile", the torpedo was designed for air or surface launch. The Mod 0 configuration was designed for launch from helicopters or fixed-wing aircraft, and the Mod 1 configuration was for helicopters only. Both were electrically driven and deep-diving, but had relatively short range. They were classified as obsolete in the 1960s.
The Royal Navy purchased fifty examples of the Mark 43 in favour of an improved version of their 18 inch Mark 30 "Dealer B"
References.
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18598601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598601" title="Downtown Music">
Downtown Music

Downtown Music, LLC is an independently owned American company which operates, Downtown Music Publishing, Downtown Music Services (Licensing Group), Downtown Digital/RCRD LBL and Downtown Recording Studios. Downtown was founded in January 2006 by Josh Deutsch, former Senior Vice President of A&R at Virgin Records, Terence Lam, formerly a senior executive at VH1, and John Josephson, a Managing Director at Allen & Company LLC. Offices are located in New York and Los Angeles. Downtown Records is distributed by Universal Music's Fontana and has a joint venture with Atlantic Records in North America for specific releases. Downtown Records consists of its Downtown and Mercer Street Imprints and joint venture partners Dim Mak, Fool's Gold, and Mad Decent Records.'"
Partnerships.
Downtown has a series of strategic investments in the digital space, including a partnership with Engadget founder Peter Rojas in RCRD LBL, the critically acclaimed online singles label in blog format.
Downtown Music has also launched joint ventures with Steve Aoki's Dim Mak Records, A-Trak's Fool's Gold label, Die Antwoord's ZEF RECORDZ and Diplo's Mad Decent Records.
In 2008, the company signed marketing/promotion deal with Interscope which covers Downtown's three distributed labels Dim Mak, Fool's Gold and Mercer Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18598607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598607" title="Thesprotia subhyalina">
Thesprotia subhyalina

Thesprotia subhyalina, common name Grass Mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Brazil. It was originally identified as "Oligonyx subhyalina".

</doc>
<doc id="18598609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598609" title="Toy (surname)">
Toy (surname)

Toy is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598619" title="Alston railway station">
Alston railway station

Alston railway station once served the town of Alston, Cumbria, England. The station was the terminus of the Alston Line which ran from the junction at Haltwhistle on the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway.
It is now the terminus of the narrow gauge South Tynedale Railway, a heritage line.
History.
Opened by the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway, it was taken over firstly by the North Eastern Railway and later became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, passing on to the Eastern Region of British Railways during the nationalisation of 1948. It was closed by the British Railways Board in 1976.
The site today.
The station is now both the main terminus and headquarters of the Tourist Narrow Gauge South Tynedale Railway.[http://www.strps.org.uk/str/history/branchlinehistory.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18598629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598629" title="Kingsville Academy">
Kingsville Academy

Kingsville Academy was a school which was chartered in Kingsville, Ohio in 1834. Its building was constructed in 1836. In its 37-year history, the institution educated about 5,000 students. With the rise of the public high school, enrollment dwindled and, ultimately lead to the Academy's demise.
Some of its notable students included:

</doc>
<doc id="18598640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598640" title="Nguyễn Tuân">
Nguyễn Tuân

Nguyễn Tuân (July 10, 1910 – July 28, 1987) was a renowned Vietnamese author. Current literature books for public school in Vietnam rank him as one of the nine biggest authors of contemporary Vietnamese literature. He is known for his essays on multiple subjects, with a clever and creative way in using the language. Hanoi has a street named after him, in the Thanh Xuan district.
Biography.
Nguyễn Tuân was born and raised at the village "Nhân Mục", "Thượng Đình", which is now the neighborhood "Nhân Chính", district "Thanh Xuân", Hanoi, Vietnam. His family was the traditional Confucianists, but by the time of his childhood, Confucianism and the traditional Chinese-influenced education had started to decline, replaced by the more modern French-influenced culture.
In 1929, during his last year of the intermediate schooling (the equivalence of ninth grade in junior high school), Nguyễn Tuân was suspended because of his participation in a petition against a few French teachers, who demeaned Vietnamese people. Shortly after, he was imprisoned for illegally crossing the border of colonial French Indochina to Thailand. Upon his release, he started writing as a journalist and an author.
Nguyễn Tuân began his writings in the early 1930s, but only gained public recognition from 1938 with several essays and reports such as "Vang Bóng Một Thời" ("Echo and Shadow Upon a Time"), "Một Chuyến Đi" ("A Trip"), etc. In 1941, he was again imprisoned, this time for his communication with the political revolutionaries. 
After the August Revolution in 1945, Nguyễn Tuân joined the Communist party and kept working as a writer. From 1948-1958, he held the position of Chief Secretary of Vietnamese Art & Literature Association. His works during this time feature mostly the scenery and cultural color of Vietnam, such as the collection of essays "Sông Đà" ("River Đà") (1960), a diary from the Vietnam War (1965–1975), among others.
Nguyễn Tuân died in Hanoi in 1987, leaving his readers a collection of exceedingly creative and artistic work. In 1966 he was awarded the Ho Chi Minh Award for Art and Literature.
A vignette of the character.
Nguyễn Tuân was first a patriot, who expressed deep love for traditional values and cultural beauties. Having a great appreciation of the Vietnamese language, he admired not only masterpieces from famous authors such as Nguyễn Du, Đoàn Thị Điểm, Tú Xương, Tản Đà..., but also the arts of the common people, like ca trù, a form of theatrical singing of northern Vietnam. The interest did not stop at being just a spectator, but helped him study and become knowledgeable at various topics, ranging from painting, sculpture, theater arts, to film. Nguyễn Tuân was also one of the first actors of Vietnamese motion picture industry, with his participation in the first Vietnamese movie "Cánh Đồng Ma" ("The Haunted Field"). 
Unlike the traditional Vietnamese people whose life and perception were often enclosed by the border of their village, Nguyễn Tuân was an adventurer. His early works, such as "Thiếu Quê Hương" ("Without a Homeland"), depict a strong character yearning for change and adventure, to learn about the world outside one's comfort zone, and to improve oneself. He is said to claim that his personality is guided by the principle of "chủ nghĩa xê dịch" (""motionism""), having coined the term himself. He also envisioned himself as having a mindset greater than that of the society at the time, which provoked dispute from readers and the government officials. The conceited Nguyễn Tuân gradually gave way to a calmer character as he aged, which showed in the change of tone in his works, going from self-centered to seldom self-humored and mostly observant and descriptive of the surroundings. Throughout his life, Nguyễn Tuân stressed and highly valued individualism.
Literary career and the main topics of interest.
Nguyễn Tuân was not a successful writer from the beginning of his career. Having tried a variety of forms and techniques, such as poetry, journal, realist satire in the form of short story, he only realized his forte in essays in early 1938. This resulted in several successes: "Một Chuyến Đi" ("A Trip"), "Vang Bóng Một Thời" ("Echo and Shadow Upon A Time"), "Thiếu Quê Hương" ("Without Homeland"), "Chiếc Lư Đồng Mắt Cua" ("The Crab-Eyed Copper Censer")...
Before the August Revolution of 1945, the main topics of Nguyễn Tuân's work revolved around ""motionism"", the beauty of the past, and the corrupted life style. The idea of "motionism" was first created from his frustration and helplessness toward the historical period and its society. As he traveled, or "moved", however, his appreciation for nature and culture of the country grew, and was documented in his work ("Một Chuyến Đi") with care. 
The beauty of the past is portrayed in "Vang Bóng Một Thời", with stories about old traditions, the old life style, which he collected from his trips. This collection of essays and short stories are written in a narrative voice of the Confucianists, whose roles were receding to the past and replaced by the new French-influenced culture. An example of this character type is Huấn Cao, in the short story "Chữ Người Tử Tù" ("Penmanship of A Death Row Prisoner"); Huấn Cao is another name of the historical figure Cao Bá Quát, a revolutionary against French control in Vietnam. Nguyễn Tuân's work during this period of time shows a disbelief in the present and the future.
On the other hand, corrupt lifestyle is a common topic among the realist writers of the time, and Nguyễn Tuân was not an exception. In his work involving this topic, the narrator was often confused and lost. Nonetheless, the characters, despite living in poor conditions, wish for a pure lifestyle and maintain their respectable traditional values. Such characteristics make Nguyễn Tuân's work, "Chiếc Lư Đồng Mắt Cua" for example, different from other realists.
After the August Revolution of 1945, Nguyễn Tuân's work was heavily influenced by socialism and communism, as to be suitable for publication under the Communist government control. Although the stories and characters were changed, the style remained clever and honed to perfection. The main theme was still an illustration of his patriotism, with strong focus now shifted to the common people, farmers, workers, and military men, in a newly constructed society.
Literary style.
Nguyễn Tuân mastered the journal free style, with a tone easily distinguished from other authors. Before the August Revolution in 1945, his style can be summarized as free will with a dash of eccentricity. Every subject of his essays was described with artistic remarks and knowledgeable observations. After 1945, his works no longer seek the contrast between the old traditional values and the new life, but the tone still had the light combination of quaintness and youthful. 
Because Nguyễn Tuân praised the idea of "motionism," his characters are full of willful emotions; even the settings of his works usually reflected a sense of confidence and a majestic spirit, that is said to be higher than those of his surrounding environment and of his time (an example is the character "Bạch" in "Thiếu Quê Hương" ("Without Homeland"). Strongly emphasized, the self in Nguyễn Tuân's works also carries careful thoughts and examination of the surroundings. The aloofness in early works was replaced by a more subtle self-humor, an indication of the maturity in his literary style and life.

</doc>
<doc id="18598646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598646" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Door County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Door County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Door County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Door County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, the latitude and longitude coordinates of which are included below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="18598659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598659" title="SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1">
SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1

SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1 is a video game compilation created and published by SNK Playmore which includes sixteen Neo Geo games. The compilation was released on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and the Wii. In Australia, it was only released on the PlayStation 2.
A follow-up was released in Japan titled "SNK Arcade Classics 0". The reason for the title having a "0" is because the titles in this collection were introduced before the Neo Geo was established.
Games included.
All the games are modified to work with in-game medals as well as some controls displayed on screen.
Between the three versions, the Wii version is considered the definitive one. The PS2 and PSP versions had considerable amounts of slowdown (especially with "Shock Troopers" on the PSP), compared to the slowdown-free Wii version. The Wii version also supported 480p and 4 different control schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="18598677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598677" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Eau Claire County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, the latitude and longitude coordinates of which are included below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="18598681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598681" title="USS Bitterbush (AN-39)">
USS Bitterbush (AN-39)

USS "Bitterbush" (AN-39/YN-58) was an which served with the U.S. Navy in the western Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. She served the U.S. Pacific Fleet with her protective anti-submarine nets, and returned home safely after the war with one battle star to her credit.
Built in Washington.
The net tender "Almond" (YN-58) was laid down on 30 November 1942 at Everett, Washington, by the Everett Pacific Ship Building and Dry Dock Co.; renamed "Bitterbush" on 3 April 1943; launched on 30 June 1943; sponsored by Miss Veberly Jean Miller; and commissioned on 15 January 1944, Lt. Harry E. Horrocks, Jr., USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Redesignated a net laying ship, "AN-39", on 20 January 1944, "Bitterbush" completed outfitting on 26 February 1944, reported for duty to the Commander, Operational Training Command, Pacific, and departed Seattle, Washington, for San Diego, California, that same day. Following shakedown training, "Bitterbush" reported for duty to the Commandant, 12th Naval District, arriving at San Francisco, California, on 20 March. The ship worked the submarine nets at Tiburon, California, and San Francisco over the next eight months, before departing San Francisco Bay on 29 November 1944.
"Bitterbush" made stops at Port Hueneme, Terminal Island, and San Pedro, California, before setting out across the Pacific Ocean on 5 December 1944. Proceeding to Pearl Harbor, the ship reported on 5 January 1945 to the Commander, 5th Amphibious Force, for duty. Underway from Oahu on 24 January 1945, the ship sailed via Eniwetok and Guam to Iwo Jima. After voyage repairs, "Bitterbush" worked on the submarine net line at the recently conquered island through the end of hostilities with Japan.
End-of-war decommissioning.
On 17 September 1945, she sailed for the United States. Proceeding via Saipan, Eniwetok, and Pearl Harbor, the ship reached San Francisco by 20 October 1945. Entering drydock soon after her arrival, the net layer—although at one time considered for use removing anti-submarine nets in the 12th Naval District—remained drydocked at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard until decommissioned on 4 January 1946. Deemed surplus to Navy needs, "Bitterbush" was struck from the Navy List on 21 January 1946.
Transferred to the U.S. Maritime Commission for disposal on 6 May 1947, she was sold and converted for merchant service, in which capacity she operated from 1948 until destroyed by fire off Puerto Rico on 27 May 1954.
Honors and awards.
"Bitterbush" was awarded one battle star for her World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18598689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598689" title="Skala-Podilska">
Skala-Podilska

Skala-Podilska or Skala on the River Zbrucz is a town in Ukraine. It was, at one time, named simply "Skala." ("Skala" means "cliff" in Russian and Polish.) To distinguish itself from another town with that same name, the town compounded its name, variously, to "Skala on the River Zbrucz," "Skala Podilska" (in Ukrainian), and "Skala Podolskaya" (in Russian).
History.
Geographically, Skala on the River Zbrucz straddles traditionally Ukrainian regions and traditionally Polish regions. Because of this precarious location, it has a history of ethnic diversity and has been, during periods of war or political unrest, particularly susceptible to turmoil.
Prior to World War I, Skala on the River Zbrucz was part of the province of Galicia, on the eastern border of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
In 1919 -- after World War I, the collapse of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and the Polish-Ukrainian War -- Skala on the River Zbrucz became part of eastern Poland. It was populated mostly by Ukrainians, Poles, and Jews. The town was at the eastern edge of Poland and it bordered the Soviet Union, from which it was separated only by the Zbrucz River.
Prior to the World War II, Skala on the River Zbrucz was home to a significant Jewish population. Cossacks from the east frequently crossed over the river to raid the town, focusing their violence and destruction on Skala's Jewish population.
In 1939 -- toward the beginning of World War II -- the Soviet Union invaded Skala on the River Zbrucz ("see", Soviet invasion of Poland (1939)) and forcibly "resettled" many of the Ukrainians, Poles, and Jews to remote areas of the Soviet Union ("see", Involuntary settlements in the Soviet Union#Deportations from border territories in 1939–1941). Due both to the forceble nature of these "resettlements" and to the severe conditions of the resettlement regions, these "resettlements" have sometimes been characterized as "being arrested and sent to the gulag" (see Gulag#During World War II").
In the summer-autumn of 1941, the territories annexed by the Soviet Union were overrun by Nazi Germany in the course of the initially successful German attack on the USSR. Most of the Jews from Skala on the River Zbrucz perished during the Holocaust. ("See generally", World War II and the Destruction of Polish Jewry History of the Jews in Poland#World War II and the destruction of Polish Jewry (1939–45)).
After the defeat of Nazi Germany, Skala on the River Zbrucz officially became part of the Soviet Union as a result of the territorial changes of Poland after World War II. It became part of Ukraine on July 16, 1990, when Ukraine declared its independence from the Soviet Union ("see", Ukraine - Independence Ukraine#Independence)
Additional External Resources.
http://shoshana-eden.co.il/Eng

</doc>
<doc id="18598696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598696" title="Junodia">
Junodia

Junodia is a genus of praying mantises native to Africa and represented by the following species:

</doc>
<doc id="18598697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598697" title="Schistocerca">
Schistocerca

Schistocerca, commonly called bird grasshoppers, is a genus of grasshoppers, many of which swarm as locusts. The best known species is probably the desert locust ("S. gregaria"). There are around 50 other species.
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18598700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598700" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin

There are 43 properties in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin listed on the National Register of Historic Places, including buildings, sites, and districts.
This document is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties, at least for those having latitude and longitude coordinates below, may be seen in a Google map.

</doc>
<doc id="18598708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598708" title="Tidwell">
Tidwell

Tidwell is a surname.
People with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18598720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598720" title="Junodia amoena">
Junodia amoena

Junodia amoena is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Mozambique, and Tanzania. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598723" title="Maruxa Vilalta">
Maruxa Vilalta

Maruxa Vilalta is a Mexican playwright and a theatre director.
Her plays have been translated, published and produced in numerous countries. She has won the critic’s prize for the best play of the year ten times.
In November 2010 she was awarded the National Prize for Arts and Sciences in the field of Linguistics and Literature, for her work which has national and international resonance. President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa gave her the award at the National Palace (Mexico).
Themes such a lack of communication and escapism are linked to a political critique, protest against social injustice, and defense of the human being in the works of this author. The theater of Maruxa Vilalta gives a broader meaning to the problems of countries and their inhabitants today.
Early life and education.
Maruxa Vilalta was born in Barcelona in 1932, daughter of lawyer Antonio Vilalta y Vidal and María Soteras Maurí, doctor of law. Antonio Vilalta, one of the great supporters for the Estatut de la Generalitat and one of the founders of Esquerra Republicana party. He was also a distinguished jurist, elected and proclaimed deputy of the Ilustre Colegio de Abogados de Barcelona. María Soteras was the first woman to graduate with a degree in law from the University of Barcelona and she was also a member of the Colegio de Abogados. In 1936, at the start of the Civil War in Spain, they went in exile to Brussels and they arrived to Mexico, by the way of New York, in 1939.
Since the age eight Maruxa has had Mexican nationality. She received all her education in Mexico, from primary school and then six years of French baccalauréat at the Liceo Franco Mexicano. She enrolled in the School of Liberal Arts at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, where she studied for a master's degree in Spanish literature.
Early career.
Vilalta started as a novelist. Her first works were "El castigo" (The Punishment) in 1957, "Los disorientados" (The Disoriented Ones), reprinted several times in 1959, and "Dos colores para el paisaje" (Two Colors for the Landscape) in 1961. She adapted "Los disorientados" for the theatre and since the first performance, in 1960, she began her career as a playwright. She only wrote dramas, excepting some short stories, among them the collection called"El otro día, la muerte" (The Other Day, Dead), in 1974, that includes "Diálogos del narrador, la muerte y su invitado" (Dialogues of the Narrator, Death and Her Guest), "Romance con la muerte de agua" (The Romance of Watery Death), "Aventura con la muerte de fuego" (Adventure with Fiery Death) and "Morir temprano, mientras comulga el general" (To Die Early, While the General Receives Communion).
Plays and awards.
Besides her theater plays prizes she has received the following honors:
Certificate from the Mexican Institute of Culture(1963). Certificate from the Mexico City Cultural Program for the 19th Olympic Games (1968). Appointed Vice President of the College of Literature, of the Mexican Institute of Culture (1968). Literary Merit Prize, Círculo de Letras Nuevos Horizontes, Managua, Nicaragua, (1972). El 9 (Number Nine) published in the anthology The Best Short Plays 1973, compiled by Stanley Richards. Honorary Member of the Women’s Association of Journalists and Writers (1974). Named Woman of the Decade 1980-1990 by the Women’s Association of Journalists and Writers. Claridades Honor Prize for her Outstanding Contributions to the Arts (1998). In 2001 The Ninth Journeys on Latin American Theater, organized by the University of Tennessee, in Puebla, Mexico, were dedicated to Maruxa Vilalta for her career as a playwright.
Bibliography.
Maruxa Vilalta’s plays have been published and reprinted by prestigious publishing houses, among them Fondo de Cultura Económica, Consejo Nacional Para la Cultura y las Artes (National Council for Culture and Arts), Joaquín Mortiz, Planeta, and the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM).
1910 focuses on the Mexican Revolution and was produced by National Council for Culture and Arts (Conaculta), Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes, Instituto Nacional de Estudios Históricos de la Revolución Mexicana and Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
In 2002 Conaculta published the book 1910 y tres obras más (1910 and Three Other Plays), which includes 1910, Una mujer, dos hombres y un balazo (One Woman, Two Men and One Bullet), Pequeña historia de horror (y de amor desenfrenado) (Little Story of Horror (and Unbridled Love), Una voz en el desierto. Vida de San Jerónimo (The Life of Saint Jerome. A voice in the Wilderness).
Also in 2002 the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM) published, in "Voz Viva" series, the CD-book Antología de teatro (Anthologie of Theatre), with selections from plays of Maruxa Vilalta in the voice of the author and in published texts.
In the same year the Sociedad General de Escritores de México publishes three plays from this dramaturge in the CD Cien años de teatro mexicano (One Hundred Years of Mexican Theater).
In November 2003 Fondo de Cultura Económica publishes Antología de obras de teatro de Maruxa Vilalta (Anthology of Theatrical Works by Maruxa Vilalta) in its collection Letras Mexicanas, prologue by Felipe Garrido.
Fondo de Cultura Económica also published several plays of this author in the collections Teatro I (1972, fourth edition 1997), Teatro II (1989, second edition 1992) and Teatro III (1990, third edition 1994).
In 2006 The Edwin Mellen Press, Lewiston, New York, publishes A Voice in the Wilderness. The Life of Saint Jerome, tanslated by Edward Huberman and Sharon Magnarelli.
Also in 2006 and 2007 Ignacio y los jesuitas is performed in El Progreso, Honduras, Lafragua Theater, stage manager Jack Warner.
In 2007 Una mujer, dos hombres y un balazo is performed in Bogotá, Colombia, produced by the Universidad Estatal, stage manager Maira Salamanca.
In 2007 Con vista a la bahía (With a View of the Bay), is performed in Mexico, published in 2010 by CONACULTA (Consejo Nacional para la Cultura y las Artes).
Maruxa Vilalta has also been stage manager in plays from Jean Anouilh, Albert Husson, Peter Ustinov, Ira Wallach, Arout-Chejov and, since 1970, only in her own plays. She gives theater courses, seminars and conferences in universities and cultural centers from Mexico and other countries.
Researcher María Elena Reuben, of Hofstra University, New York, has compiled a Bibliography of Maruxa Vilalta which includes the plays of this author and the major studies and academic articles on her theater as well as a selection of reviews and press commentaries.
In Pamplona the writer Eduardo Mateo has also compiled a Bibliography of Maruxa Vilalta.
Also noteworthy is the recherche on the work of Maruxa Vilalta for the Diccionario de escritores mexicanos siglo XX (Dictionary of 20th-century Mexican Writers), Center for Literary Studies, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.
Articles and memberships.
Maruxa Vilalta is a member of the Pen Club, the General Society of Writers of México, the Mexican Society of Geography and Statistics and the Association of Writers of Mexico, among other organizations.
Among the major essays and articles on the work of this writer are those published in Mexico by Carlos Solórzano, Luis G. Basurto, Luis de Tavira, Ramón Xirau, Efraín Huerta, Mauricio Magdaleno, Héctor Azar, Henrique González Casanova, José Ramón Enríquez, Felipe Garrido, Sergio García Ramírez, Marcela del Río, Reyna Barrera and Fernando Sánchez Mayáns; in Madrid and Venezuela by Carlos Miguel Suárez-Radillo; in Barcelona by Manuel Aznar Soler, Josep María Poblet, Joaquín Ventalló and Josep María Lladó; in Paris by Jean and André Camp; in the United States by Sharon Magnarelli, Robert L. Bancroft, Willis Knapp Jones, J.Gaucher –Schultz and Joan Boorman; in Toronto by Kirsten F. Nigro; in Puerto Rico by Edna Coll: in Río de Janeiro by María Ramos and in Prague by Jan Makarius.

</doc>
<doc id="18598725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598725" title="Cináed mac Flainn">
Cináed mac Flainn

Cináed mac Flainn (died 770) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly. He was one of the many sons of Fland Dá Chongal, a previous king. He ruled from 757 to 770. He was the second of Fland's sons by Érenach, daughter of Murchad Midi (died 715) of Uisnech to hold the throne.
In 770 he challenged the authority of the over king of Leinster, Cellach mac Dúnchada (died 776). This coincided with attacks launched by the southern Ui Neill including the high king Donnchad Midi (died 797). Cináed was defeated and slain at the Battle of Áth Orc (in County Offaly) along with his brother Cellach and his ally Cathnia mac Bécce of the Fothairt.
His son Flaíthnia mac Cináeda (died 806) was a King of Uí Failge.

</doc>
<doc id="18598726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598726" title="Junodia beieri">
Junodia beieri

Junodia beieri is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598731" title="Junodia congicus">
Junodia congicus

Junodia congicus is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region. It was first described in 1915 by Ermanno Giglio-Tos.

</doc>
<doc id="18598734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598734" title="Nimbus Sans">
Nimbus Sans

Nimbus Sans is a sans-serif typeface created by URW++, based on Helvetica.
Nimbus Sans.
It is a version using URW++ font source. The family supports Western Europe, East Europe, Turkish, Baltic, Romanian languages.
Some of the fonts have history predating Helvetica's first release. For example, Nimbus Sans bold condensed, Nimbus Sans bold condensed (D) were dated 1940; Nimbus Sans Black Condensed, Nimbus Sans Black Condensed (D) were dated 1946.
The font names ending with (D) have slightly lighter font weights and tighter spacing.
Nimbus Sans Poster.
It is a version of Nimbus Sans with even tighter spacing than the Nimbus Sans (D) fonts. Other changes include alternate designs for currency symbols.
Nimbus Sans Diagonal.
It is a version with more right lean than Nimbus Sans italic fonts. The family currently only includes 1 font, in Black weight in medium width.
Nimbus Sans Mono.
It is a monospaced variant of Nimbus Sans. The family currently only includes 1 font, in Regular weight in medium width.
Nimbus Sans Global.
It is a family supporting Latin, Greek, Cyrillic, CJK ideographic, Japanese kanam, Korean Hangul syllables, Thai characters. The family includes 5 fonts in 1 (medium) width, with 4 proportional an 1 monospaced fonts. The proportional fonts are in 4 weights (bold, medium, regular, light), while the monospace font is in medium weight.
Nimbus Sans L.
Nimbus Sans L is a version of Nimbus Sans using Adobe font sources. It was designed in 1987. The family includes 17 fonts in 5 weights and 2 widths, with Nimbus Sans L Extra Black only available in condensed roman format.
A subset of Nimbus Sans L, which includes regular and bold weight fonts in all widths and styles, were released under the GPL and AFPL in Type 1 format in 1996 and LPPL in 2009, and is one of several freely licensed fonts offered by URW++.
Although the characters are not exactly the same, Nimbus Sans L has metrics almost identical to Helvetica and Arial. Nimbus Sans L is one of the Ghostscript fonts, a free alternatives to 35 basic PostScript fonts (which include Helvetica).
It is a standard typeface in many GNU/Linux distributions. It was used as default font in OpenOffice.org Calc and Impress in some GNU/Linux distributions (e.g. Ubuntu - up to version 8.10; since Ubuntu 9.04 the default font was changed to Liberation Sans).
Ghostscript version.
It was extended to include Cyrillic support by Valek Filippov.
Nimbus Sans Novus.
It is a version Linotype's Stempel Studio source, based on Neue Helvetica, but without the extended fonts.
The font names ending with (D) have tighter letter spacing.

</doc>
<doc id="18598736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598736" title="Gurnet Point, Massachusetts">
Gurnet Point, Massachusetts

Gurnet Point, also known as The Gurnet, is located at the end of the peninsula at the entrance to Plymouth Bay in Plymouth, Massachusetts, and is a headland and the small private settlement located on it. The Pilgrims who settled Plymouth in 1620 named it Gurnett’s Nose for its resemblance to headlands in the English Channel where "gurnett" fish were plentiful. The Gurnet (pronounced "gurn-it" with the accent on the first syllable) is the home of Plymouth (Gurnet) Lighthouse as well as of Fort Andrew from the Revolutionary War. Its only access by land is from the Powder Point Bridge at Duxbury Beach 5 miles to the north by foot or by 4-wheel drive beach buggies, but access is restricted to property owners, residents and their guests, except for once a year on Memorial Day when the lighthouse is open to the public.

</doc>
<doc id="18598741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598741" title="Paula Reimers">
Paula Reimers

Paula Reimers is an American rabbi. As of 2008 she was the rabbi of Congregation Beth Israel (Lebanon, Pennsylvania). Reimers is one of the first women to be ordained by the Conservative movement’s Jewish Theological Seminary of America.
Reimers was educated at Barnard College, (A.B., 1969) M.A., Columbia University, (M.A., 1971) and the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (M.A., ordination, 1990.) 
Reimers converted from Christianity to Judaism in 1981.
Reimers has been politically active in defense of Palestinian rights. In 2001, shortly after the 9/11 atrocity, Reimers invited several Muslims to join members of Temple Emanu-El in Burbank, California in their sukkah. In order not to offend the Muslim guests, Israeli flags were removed from among the sukkah decorations, offending some of her congregants. The congregation voted not to renew her contract.
Reimers, a feminist, opposes using both male and female pronouns in worship.
Reimers spoke out against the Christian missionizing of Ralph Drollinger the former NBA player who now heads Capitol Ministries whose goal is: "Making disciples for Jesus Christ in state legislatures." Reimers further elaborated that:
Publications.
"Feminism, Judaism, and God the Mother" (Conservative Judaism, Fall 1993)

</doc>
<doc id="18598747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598747" title="Junodia hararensis">
Junodia hararensis

Junodia hararensis is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia and Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="18598756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598756" title="Junodia lameyi">
Junodia lameyi

Junodia lameyi is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Côte d'Ivoire, Ghana, Guinea, Cameroon and the Congo River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598763" title="Junodia maculata">
Junodia maculata

Junodia maculata is a species of praying mantis found in Zambia and Zimbabwe. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598769" title="Junodia spinosa">
Junodia spinosa

Junodia spinosa is a species of praying mantis found in the Congo River region.

</doc>
<doc id="18598770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598770" title="Italy–Lebanon relations">
Italy–Lebanon relations

Italian-Lebanese relations are relations between Italy and Lebanon. Both countries are members of the Union for the Mediterranean. Italy and Lebanon have enjoyed an extremely friendly and cooperative relationship spanning centuries; to this day both countries continue to augment their relations in commercial trade and diplomacy.
Antiquity.
In 64 B.C., the Roman general Pompey added both Lebanon and Syria to the Roman Republic. During and before this time, Phoenicians and Romans exchanged knowledge, habits, and customs.
Modern history.
Lebanon opened an legation in 1946, which was transformed into an embassy in 1955. Both countries signed a Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Navigation in 1949.
Economical corporation.
Rome supported the reconstruction of Lebanon after the Taef Agreement. Also, Italian companies, from almost all sectors, operate in Lebanon.
See also.
Rock musician Frank Zappa's father was a Sicilian of Greek and Lebanese descent.

</doc>
<doc id="18598799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598799" title="Junodia strigipennis">
Junodia strigipennis

Junodia strigipennis is a species of praying mantis found Ethiopia, Mozambique, Natal, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe. It was previously identified as "Oxypilus strigipennis". 

</doc>
<doc id="18598805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598805" title="Junodia vansomereni">
Junodia vansomereni

Junodia vansomereni is a species of praying mantis found Uganda. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598806" title="Diebold (surname)">
Diebold (surname)

Diebold is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598807" title="Bolivia, Illinois">
Bolivia, Illinois

Bolivia is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598813" title="Ellis, Illinois">
Ellis, Illinois

Ellis is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598816" title="Midway, Christian County, Illinois">
Midway, Christian County, Illinois

Midway is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598818" title="Klebsiella pneumonia">
Klebsiella pneumonia

Klebsiella pneumonia is a form of bacterial pneumonia associated with "Klebsiella pneumoniae".
It is typically due to aspiration by alcoholics, though it is more commonly implicated in hospital-acquired urinary tract and wound infections, particularly in immunocompromised individuals and diabetics.
Presentation.
Patients with "Klebsiella" pneumonia tend to cough up a characteristic sputum that is said to resemble "red-currant jelly".
Klebsiella pneumonia tends to affect people with underlying diseases, such as alcoholism, diabetes and chronic lung disease.
Treatment and resistance.
Treatment for "Klebsiella" pneumonia is by antibiotics such as aminoglycosides and cephalosporins, the choice depending upon the patient’s health condition, medical history and severity of the disease.
However, "Klebsiella" possesses a chromosomal class A beta-lactamase giving it resistance to ampicillin. Many strains have acquired an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase with additional resistance to carbenicillin, amoxicillin, and increasingly to ceftazidime. The bacteria remain largely susceptible to aminoglycosides and cephalosporins. Varying degrees of inhibition of the beta-lactamase with clavulanic acid have been reported. Infections due to multidrug-resistant Gram-negative pathogens in the ICU have invoked the re-emergence of colistin, an antibiotic that had rarely been used for decades. However, colistin-resistant strains of "K. pneumoniae" have been reported in Greek ICUs. In 2009, strains of "K. pneumoniae" with gene called New Delhi metallo-beta-lactamase (shortened NDM-1) that even gives resistance against intravenous antibiotic carbapenem, were discovered in India and Pakistan.
"Klebsiella" cases in Taiwan have shown abnormal toxicity, causing liver abscesses in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM). Treatment consists of third generation cephalosporins.
Spread of resistant strains.
Klebsiella resistant strains have been recorded in USA with a roughly threefold increase in Chicago cases, Brazil with 15 deaths per 163 cases, quarantined individuals in Israel, United Kingdom and parts of Europe. Possible ground zero, or location of emergence, is the India-Pakistan border.
A strain known as Carbapenem-Resistant Klebsiella pneumonia (CRKP) was estimated to be involved in 350 cases in Los Angeles County between June and December 2010.
Eponym.
Community-acquired pneumonia caused by "Klebsiella pneumoniae" may be called "Friedländer's Pneumonia", after Carl Friedländer.

</doc>
<doc id="18598819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598819" title="Mark 35 torpedo">
Mark 35 torpedo

The Mark 35 torpedo was the first of the United States Navy deep-diving anti-submarine torpedoes designed for surface launch. This electrically propelled 21-inch (53-cm) torpedo was 162 inches (4.11 m) long, weighed 1770 lb (803 kg), and carried a 270 lb (122.5 kg) Torpex high explosive warhead. This torpedo used one of the earliest active guidance systems and was introduced in 1949, but was classified as obsolete in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18598820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598820" title="Osbernville, Illinois">
Osbernville, Illinois

Osbernville is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598823" title="Roby, Illinois">
Roby, Illinois

Roby is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="18598826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598826" title="Sicily, Illinois">
Sicily, Illinois

Sicily is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598828" title="Vanderville, Illinois">
Vanderville, Illinois

Vanderville is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598833" title="Velma, Illinois">
Velma, Illinois

Velma is an unincorporated community in Christian County, Illinois, United States. It lies at .
A post office was established in 1894. The first postmaster, Hiram Shumway, named the hamlet for his daughter Velma.

</doc>
<doc id="18598840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598840" title="Golden Shears">
Golden Shears

The Golden Shears International Shearing and Woolhandling Championships is the World's most prestigious sheep shearing event.
It was founded in Masterton, New Zealand, and has been held in the town's War Memorial Stadium each March since 1961.
It initially comprised competition in three shearing classes, including the Open championship, which is the most revered of all single shearing titles worldwide. In the final, sometimes referred to as shearing's equivalent of the Wimbledon Open in tennis, six shearers each shear 20 second-shear sheep, for which the fastest time was 15min 27.4sec, shorn in 2003. 
But the competition is about more than just the fastest time, and the winner is decided on time and quality penalty points, the winner being thet shearer with the lowest score.
Other events have expanded the programme over the years, with competition now held in five shearing classes, four woolhandling classes and three woolpressing classes, along with other events.
The McSkimming Memorial Triple Crown final was added to the programme in 1973, and in various sponsorship guises has become the unofficial New Zealand multiwools national championship. Currently known as the PGG Wrightson National Circuit, it is shorn in five qualifying stages in which points are accrued for shearing finewooled merino sheep, fullwooled strongool sheep, coarse-wooled Corriedales, lambs and second-shear sheep. In the final, six competitors shear three of each type.
The Golden Shears in Masterton spawned Golden Shears championships in other countries, including the United Kingdom, where a Golden Shears of Great Britain was held at the Royal Bath and West Show, and Australia, which became involved in an annual home-and-away transtasman test series, staged alternately at Masterton, and at Euroa, Vic. Suspended for some years after industrial disturbances in Australia, the Australian legs of the series are now held at differing venues in conjunction with the Australisan national championships.
While machine shearing contests have been held at least since 1902, when an event was held at the Hawke's Bay A and P Show, Hastings, New Zealand, the Golden Shears is credited with the spread of shearing as a world-wide sport, including a Golden Shears World Championships, held first in England in 1977.
Despite the advent of a World Championships every 2–4 years, the Golden Shears in Masterton every year remains the mecca for sheep shearers worldwide, and entries in all classes have in peak years exceeded 600.

</doc>
<doc id="18598846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598846" title="Angie Goff">
Angie Goff

Angie Goff is an American broadcast journalist at WRC-TV (locally know as "NBC4") in Washington D.C. Goff also writes the popular blog OhMyGoff known for showcasing viewer generated content.
History.
Goff was born and raised in Seoul, South Korea. She spent most of her childhood and teenage years there, and attended the Seoul American High School for her freshman and sophomore years, where she played guard on the basketball team. 
In 1995, she moved to Herndon, Virginia and graduated from Herndon High School, where she was senior class president. She earned a Bachelors of Arts degree from George Mason University.
Career.
Her first job in television reporting for public-access television cable TV station Torrance CitiCable while living in Los Angeles, California. During this time Goff served as the personal assistant to Entertainment Tonight anchor Mark Steines. Next, Goff also served as a morning anchor and reporter for CBS affiliate KMEG-TV in Sioux City, Iowa. From 2004 -2007 she next worked in Columbia South Carolina at WIS-TV where she was a news anchor and reporter. While at the Columbia, South Carolina station Goff won a regional Emmy Award. 
She moved to the larger DC market to became traffic anchor for the Washington DC CBS affiliate WUSA-TV in October 2007.
In November 2010, Goff joined DC radio station WVRX, locally known as "105.9 The Edge", as a member of the "Kirk and Mike" morning show hosted by Mike O'Meara and Kirk McEwen.
In August 2011, Goff left WUSA to join WRC-TV (locally known as "NBC4" or "NBC Washington") as a weekend morning anchor and reporter.
Goff also writes the popular blog OhMyGoff known for showcasing viewer generated content. 
According to Capitol File Magazine, Goff's website, ohmygoff.tv ranked #2 in Washington, D.C. for top blogs in 2010. Washington Life Magazine named Goff as one of the capital's most influential under 40 residents two years in a row.

</doc>
<doc id="18598848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598848" title="Nimbus Mono L">
Nimbus Mono L

Nimbus Mono is a monospaced typeface created by URW Studio in 1984, and eventually released under the GPL and AFPL (as Type 1 font for Ghostscript) in 1996 and LPPL in 2009. It features Normal, Bold, Italic, and Bold Italic weights, and is one of several freely licensed fonts offered by URW++. Although the characters are not exactly the same, Nimbus Mono has metrics that are very similar to Courier and Courier New. 
It is one of the Ghostscript fonts, free alternatives to 35 basic PostScript fonts (which include Courier). It is a standard typeface in many GNU/Linux distributions.

</doc>
<doc id="18598857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598857" title="Mugrón mac Flainn">
Mugrón mac Flainn

Mugrón mac Flainn (died 782) was a king of the Uí Failge, a Laigin people of County Offaly. He was one of the many sons of Fland Dá Chongal, a previous king. He ruled from 770 to 782. He was the third of Fland's sons by Érenach, daughter of Murchad Midi (died 715) of Uisnech to hold the throne.
Mugrón aligned with Bran Ardchenn mac Muiredaig (died 795), claimant to the Leinster throne (who was also allied to the high king Donnchad Midi) versus the incumbent king Ruaidrí mac Fáeláin (died 785). They were however defeated at the Battle of Curragh (near Kildare) and Mugrón was slain.
His sons Óengus mac Mugróin (died 803) and Cináed mac Mugróin (died 829) were Kings of the Uí Failge. Another son Colcu was ancestor Clann Colgcan in northern Offaly (centered in the barony of Lower Philipstown).

</doc>
<doc id="18598859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598859" title="Midpines, California">
Midpines, California

Midpines is a census-designated place in Mariposa County, California. It is located southwest of El Portal, at an elevation of 2585 feet (788 m). It lies among the Sierra Nevada foothills of the central part of the state, 6 to 10 miles north of Mariposa, the county seat. It is composed of scattered residential areas along both sides of State Route 140, which is one of three principal routes to Yosemite National Park, some 30 miles to the east of Midpines. The population was 1,204 at the 2010 census.
Midpines began as a resort, founded by Newell D. Chamberlain, in 1926. The first post office opened in 1929.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP covers an area of , virtually all of it land.
Demographics.
The 2010 United States Census reported that Midpines had a population of 1,204. The population density was 49.0 people per square mile (18.9/km²). The racial makeup of Midpines was 990 (82.2%) White, 4 (0.3%) African American, 63 (5.2%) Native American, 7 (0.6%) Asian, 0 (0.0%) Pacific Islander, 97 (8.1%) from other races, and 43 (3.6%) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 208 persons (17.3%).
The Census reported that 1,204 people (100% of the population) lived in households, 0 (0%) lived in non-institutionalized group quarters, and 0 (0%) were institutionalized.
There were 511 households, out of which 126 (24.7%) had children under the age of 18 living in them, 244 (47.7%) were opposite-sex married couples living together, 37 (7.2%) had a female householder with no husband present, 32 (6.3%) had a male householder with no wife present. There were 28 (5.5%) unmarried opposite-sex partnerships, and 8 (1.6%) same-sex married couples or partnerships. 159 households (31.1%) were made up of individuals and 60 (11.7%) had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.36. There were 313 families (61.3% of all households); the average family size was 2.88.
The population was spread out with 229 people (19.0%) under the age of 18, 79 people (6.6%) aged 18 to 24, 285 people (23.7%) aged 25 to 44, 389 people (32.3%) aged 45 to 64, and 222 people (18.4%) who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.4 years. For every 100 females there were 107.9 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 108.8 males.
There were 627 housing units at an average density of 25.5 per square mile (9.9/km²), of which 318 (62.2%) were owner-occupied, and 193 (37.8%) were occupied by renters. The homeowner vacancy rate was 1.5%; the rental vacancy rate was 10.4%. 728 people (60.5% of the population) lived in owner-occupied housing units and 476 people (39.5%) lived in rental housing units.

</doc>
<doc id="18598860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598860" title="Zoolea">
Zoolea

Zoolea is a South American genus of praying mantises represented by the following species:
A characteristic of this genus is anterior femora with superior preapical lobes.

</doc>
<doc id="18598886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598886" title="Zenobia, Illinois">
Zenobia, Illinois

Zenobia is an unincorporated community in Christian, Montgomery, and Sangamon counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. It lies at .

</doc>
<doc id="18598890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598890" title="Barzini family">
Barzini family

The Barzini crime family is one of the Five Families operating in New York and created by Mario Puzo in the his novel The Godfather and feature in the film of the same name.
History.
Early history.
The Barzini family was founded by Giuseppe Mariposa in 1920s and replaced by Emilio Barzini in 1934, who expanded his territories apart from Brooklyn areas included areas of Manhattan and Queens, while completely controlled Staten Island. They had business interests in Sicily, Cleveland, Miami, Cuba, Las Vegas, Reno and Hollywood. In New York, the Barzini family ran some of the gambling, sports betting, drug trafficking and prostitution. They were even rumored to have a toehold in Wall Street.
The slaying of Sonny Corleone.
Barzini lures Sonny Corleone in a trap to kill him with the help of his shifty brother in law Carlo Rizzi at the Long Island parkway toll booth, Barzini hitmen shoot him more than 90 times with Tommy Guns, The trap was for Carlo to beat Sonny's sister Connie Corleone and get him to the Long Island Parkway. Sonny had already beaten Carlo to a pulp upon learning that Carlo was abusing Connie. Sonny's death does not go unavenged, however. Vito realises, during a meeting with the heads of the other crime families, that Barzini was responsible, and following Michael's ascension to power, Michael orders the deaths of the other Mafia dons to cement his position as the most powerful Mafia don in New York. Michael also has Clemenza kill Carlo after getting him to confess by falsely promising him exile instead of death for Connie's sake.
Don Barzini death.
Corleone enforcer Al Neri, disguised as a police officer, shoots and kills Barzini, his bodyguard, and his driver on the steps of the New York Supreme Court courthouse at Foley Square, crippling the Barzini family.
Influences.
The Barzini crime family is based on the Genovese crime family, because as the Genoveses, the Barzinis was the most powerful of the Five Families and are most influential in Manhattan and in all United States, with bases in Atlantic City, Las Vegas, Reno, Los Angeles and Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="18598892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598892" title="Doris Payne">
Doris Payne

Doris Payne (born 1930 in Slab Fork, West Virginia, United States) is an American convicted jewel thief.
Crimes.
Her "modus operandi" is to enter jewelry stores posing as a well-to-do woman, typically looking for a diamond ring. Using her charm, she would engage the clerk, asking to see an assortment of items. Eventually, she would "cause the clerk to forget" just how many items were outside the case, and at some point, she would leave with one or two pieces.
Her crimes have spanned five decades. She has been arrested many times; she is a career criminal. 
Payne was arrested in Ohio in the 1980s after she escaped from federal custody during a hospital visit.
On Friday, January 22, 2010, Payne was arrested in Costa Mesa, California for removing the tags from a $1,300 Burberry trench coat from a Saks Fifth Avenue store and subsequently leaving the store with the coat. In January 2011, at the age of 80, Doris was sentenced in a San Diego court to five years for stealing a 1 carat diamond ring.
On October 29, 2013, Payne, age 83, was arrested on felony larceny charges for stealing a $22,500 diamond-encrusted ring in Palm Desert, California.
Payne has bragged about her crimes and has used at least 20 aliases, used at least five Social Security numbers and at least nine dates of birth.
Documentary.
There is a documentary on Doris Payne entitled "The Life and Crimes of Doris Payne".
Halle Berry movie.
A feature length motion picture is purportedly being planned about her crimes, starring Halle Berry as Payne.

</doc>
<doc id="18598910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598910" title="Biggers">
Biggers

Biggers is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18598913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598913" title="Transcranial stimulation">
Transcranial stimulation

Transcranial stimulation may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18598918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598918" title="Huang Yaojiang">
Huang Yaojiang

Huang Yaojiang (; born March 21, 1982 in Guangdong) is a Chinese Sabre fencer.
At the 2004 Athens Olympics, he finished 27th in the Individual Sabre event and 7th in the Team Sabre event. He also competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18598919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598919" title="Ehrlichia chaffeensis">
Ehrlichia chaffeensis

Ehrlichia chaffeensis is an obligate intracellular gram-negative species of rickettsiales bacteria. It is a zoonotic pathogen transmitted to humans by the lone star tick ("Amblyomma americanum"). It is the causative agent of human monocytic ehrlichiosis.
Genetic studies support the endosymbiotic theory that a subset of these organisms evolved to live inside mammalian cells as mitochondria to provide cellular energy to the cells in return for protection and sustenance. ATP production in the rickettsia is biochemically identical to that in mammalian mitochondria.
Human monocytic ehrlichiosis caused by "E. chaffeensis" is known to spread through tick infection primarily in the southern, southcentral and mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. In recent years the lone star tick has expanded its range up the East Coast to New England, putting more humans at risk for tick-borne infections.
It is named for Fort Chaffee where the bacteria was first discovered in blood samples of infected patients.
Transmission Cycle.
"E. chafeensis" is maintained in nature through a complex zoonotic relationship. The white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus") is known to be the main competent reservoir for "E. chafeensis" and the lone star tick ("Amblyomma americanum") is the principal vector for human transmission. There is some evidence that other organisms may serve as reservoirs for the bacteria such as domestic goats, domestic dogs, racoons, and coyotes.
"E. chafeensis" can be transmitted to non-infected tick larvae when feeding on the blood from an infected host. The infection is then maintained and can be transmitted to a reservoir organism or humans at the nymphal stage. Adult ticks can maintain the infection or be infected from feeding on the blood of an infected reservoir organism and may also pass "E. chafeensis" to humans or other non-infected reservoir organisms. Transovarial transmission is not known to occur so eggs and unfed larvae are not believed to be infected.
Pathogenesis.
"E. chafeensis" causes human monocytic ehrlichiosis and is known to infect monocytes. It has also been known to infect other cell types such as lymphocytes, atypical lymphocytes, myelocytes, and neutrophils, but monocytes appear to best harbor the infection.
"E. chafeensis" has also been shown to infect canines both naturally and articifially. Symptoms in canine infections are hard to differentiate between "E. chafeensis" infection and "Ehrlichia canis", which is the species of "Ehrlichia" that most commonly affects canines.
Signs and Symptoms.
Patients display early symptoms within 1 to 2 weeks after tick infection1. Early symptoms include fever, headache, malaise, low-back pain, or gastrointestinal symptoms. Some patients may also have myalgias, arthralgias, and an estimated 10-40% of patients may develop coughing, pharyngitis, diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal pain, and changes in mental status.
Diagnosis or Detection.
A variety of procedures have been used to detect E. chafeensis in humans and reservoir organisms. Most commonly serologic testing and PCR amplification are used.
Treatment.
"E. chafeensis" is susceptible to tetracyclines. Doxycycline treatment is suggested for any patients presenting symptoms of an "Ehrlichia" infection during the appropriate season and potential tick exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="18598929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598929" title="1980 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1980 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1980 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1980. Roscommon finally reached the decider after 3 consecutive defeats in the semi-final but an experienced Kerry team defeated them in the final by a scoreline of 1-09 to 1-06, achieving a "Three In A Row" of All-Ireland titles

</doc>
<doc id="18598948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598948" title="Whetstone Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Whetstone Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Whetstone Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 2000 census recorded a population of 21.
The township dissolved in 2006, and was combined with another defunct township, Lemmon Township, to form the Census-designated West Adams Unorganized Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18598955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598955" title="Ehrlichia ewingii">
Ehrlichia ewingii

Ehrlichia ewingii is a species of rickettsiales bacteria.
Previously known to infect dogs, it has recently been associated with human infection (see Human ewingii ehrlichiosis).
There is currently no serological test.
PCR can be used in diagnosis.
The name "Ehrlichia ewingii" was proposed in 1992.
It is classified as a member of genus Ehrlichia.
The bacteria use ticks as a vector.

</doc>
<doc id="18598960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598960" title="Mark 27 torpedo">
Mark 27 torpedo

The Mark 27 torpedo was the first of the United States Navy 19-inch (48-cm) submarine-launched torpedoes. This electrically-propelled torpedo was 125 inches (3.175 m) long and weighed 1174 pounds (534 kg). The torpedo employed a passive acoustic guidance system and was intended for both submarine and surface targets. Nicknamed "Cutie" by submarine crews, the Mark 27 entered service in 1943. The torpedo was classified as obsolete in the 1960s.
The Mark 27 was essentially a Mark 24 mine which had been modified for submarine launching in a 21-inch submerged torpedo tube by the addition of wood guides mounted on the torpedo's outer shell.

</doc>
<doc id="18598961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598961" title="The Last Farewell">
The Last Farewell

"The Last Farewell" is the title of a song from 1971 by the British-Kenyan folk singer Roger Whittaker. Whittaker hosted a radio programme in Great Britain in 1971, backed by a full orchestra with arrangements by Zack Lawrence. Whittaker is quoted as saying that "one of the ideas I had was to invite listeners to send their poems or lyrics to me and I would make songs out of them. We got a million replies, and I did one each week for 26 weeks." Ron A. Webster, a silversmith from Birmingham, England, sent Whittaker his poem titled "The Last Farewell", and this became one of the selections to appear on the radio programme. It was subsequently recorded and featured on Whittaker's 1971 album "New World in the Morning" ("A Special Kind of Man" in the US and Canada). Although the song failed to reach the music charts then, it's one of the fewer than forty all-time singles to have sold 10 million (or more) physical copies worldwide.
Popularity.
According to Whittaker, the wife of a program director for a radio station in Atlanta, Georgia was traveling in Canada and heard Whittaker's four-year-old recording on the radio in 1975. When she returned to the United States, she asked her husband to play it on the station. After he played the song a few times, listeners began calling the station to find out more about the song and singer, and soon thereafter "The Last Farewell" was on its way onto the charts. The single reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, peaking at #19 in June 1975. It also went to #1 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart. The response in America led the single to achieve success in other parts of the world, including in Great Britain, where it reached #2 on the UK Singles Chart. It was kept from #1 in the UK by Rod Stewart's "Sailing" - to date, this is the only occasion on which the top 2 songs in the British singles chart have both had a nautical theme. "The Last Farewell" also went to #1 in 11 other countries and sold an estimated 11 million copies worldwide, making it by far Whittaker's best-known song around the world.
The opening of "The Last Farewell" features a French horn solo that was arranged by Lawrence on the initial airing of the radio programme. Whittaker has stated that he feels much of the song's appeal comes from the classical-sounding nature of this instrumental arrangement at the beginning of the song.
For a time in the late 1970s up until about 1981, WGN-TV used that introductory fanfare as the music over its broadcast logo at each half-hour.
Cover versions.
The song has since been covered by many artists. In 1976, Elvis Presley included "The Last Farewell" on his album, "From Elvis Presley Boulevard, Memphis, Tennessee". This version was released as a posthumous single in the UK in 1984, where it reached #48 in December.
Also reaching the UK pop charts with a version of "The Last Farewell" was the Marine Band of HMS Ark Royal, just before the aircraft carrier was decommissioned by the Royal Navy in December 1978. It topped out at #41 in January 1979.
Guitar legend Chet Atkins recorded an instrumental version on his 1986 album, "Street Dreams".
Swedish sports club AIK have adopted the music of "The Last Farewell" together with alternate lyrics as their official anthem.
References.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mi_%C3%BAltimo_adi%C3%B3s

</doc>
<doc id="18598968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598968" title="1981 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1981 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1981 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1981. Kerry achieved a record equalling "Four In A Row" of All-Ireland titles with a victory over Offaly in the final, by a scoreline of 1-12 to 0-08. The experience of defeat for Offaly would prove influential in time to come. 

</doc>
<doc id="18598987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598987" title="Yersiniops newboldi">
Yersiniops newboldi

Yersiniops newboldii is a species of praying mantis found in Baja California. The original literature for this species was published in "Transactions of the American Entomological Society" in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18598988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18598988" title="Royal, Arkansas">
Royal, Arkansas

Royal is an unincorporated community in Garland County, Arkansas, United States. It lies at an elevation of 489 feet (149 m).

</doc>
<doc id="18599015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599015" title="Human granulocytic anaplasmosis">
Human granulocytic anaplasmosis

Human granulocytic anaplasmosis (HGA) (previously known as Human granulocytic ehrlichiosis, or HGE ) is an infectious disease caused by "Anaplasma phagocytophilum", an obligate intracellular bacterium that is typically transmitted to humans by at least three kinds of ticks, including "Ixodes scapularis", "Ixodes pacificus", and "Dermacentor variabilis". These ticks also transmit Lyme disease and other diseases. 
The bacteria infect white blood cells called neutrophils, causing changes in gene expression that prolong the life of these otherwise short-lived cells.
Ecology and epidemiology.
A. phagocytophilum is transmitted to humans by "Ixodes" ticks. These ticks are found in the US, Europe, and Asia. In the US, "I. scapularis" is the tick vector in the East and Midwest states, and "I. pacificus" in the Pacific Northwest. 
The major mammalian reservoir for "A. phagocytophilum" in the eastern United States is the white-footed mouse, "Peromyscus leucopus". Although white-tailed deer harbor "A. phagocytophilum", evidence suggests that they are not a reservoir for the strains that cause HGA.
"Anaplasma phagocytophilum" shares its tick vector with other human pathogens, and about 10% of patients with HGA show serologic evidence of coinfection with Lyme disease, babesiosis, or tick-borne meningoencephalitis.
Symptoms.
Symptoms may include fever, severe headache, muscle aches (myalgia), chills and shaking, similar to the symptoms of influenza. Symptoms may be minor, as evidenced by surveillance studies in high-risk areas. GI symptoms occur in less than half of patients and a skin rash is seen in less than 10% of patients. It is also characterized by thrombocytopenia, leukopenia, and elevated serum transaminase levels in the majority of infected patients.
Diagnosis.
Clinically, HGA is essentially indistinguishable from Human monocytic ehrlichiosis, the infection caused by "Ehrlichia chaffeensis", and other tick-borne illnesses such as Lyme disease may be suspected. As Ehrlichia serologies can be negative in the acute period, PCR is very useful for diagnosis.
Treatment and Prevention.
Doxycycline is the treatment of choice. If anaplasmosis is suspected, treatment should not be delayed while waiting for a definitive laboratory confirmation, as prompt doxycycline therapy has been shown to improve outcomes. Presentation during early pregnancy can complicate treatment. Doxycycline compromises dental enamel during development. Although rifampin is indicated for post-delivery pediatric and some doxycycline-allergic patients, it is teratogenic. Rifampin is contraindicated during conception and pregnancy. Currently, there is no vaccine against human granulocytic anaplasmosis.
Terminology.
Although the infectious agent is known to be from the Anaplasma genus, the term "human granulocytic ehrlichiosis" (HGE) is often used, reflecting the prior classification of the organism. "E. phagocytophilum" and "E. equi" were reclassified as "Anaplasma phagocytophilum".

</doc>
<doc id="18599017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599017" title="Antelope Township, Franklin County, Nebraska">
Antelope Township, Franklin County, Nebraska

Antelope is one of thirteen townships in Franklin County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 218 at the 2010 census.

</doc>
<doc id="18599029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599029" title="1982 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship">
1982 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship

The 1982 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship was played from May to September, 1982. Kerry were looking to achieve a "Five In A Row" of All-Ireland titles for the first time in GAA history with a victory over their opponents Offaly in the final. Unlike the 1981 final encounter between the two teams, in which Kerry won by 7 points, this final was a close and exciting thriller. In the dying minutes of the game, Offaly launched one final attack on the Kerry goal. A high ball towards the box was caught by Seamus Darby, who turned and struck a shot over the goalkeeper to snatch victory for Offaly. Kerry were denied "Five In A Row" in the last play of the game in one of the most famous moments in Gaelic Football history

</doc>
<doc id="18599040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599040" title="Yersiniops sophronica">
Yersiniops sophronica

Yersiniops sophronica, common name Yersin's Ground Mantis, is a species of praying mantis native to North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18599044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599044" title="Mitch Erickson">
Mitch Erickson

Mitch Erickson (born May 14, 1985) is a Canadian football guard, last with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League. He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at South Dakota State.
Erickson has also been a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
College career.
Erickson played for the South Dakota State Jackrabbits from 2004 to 2007. In 2006, Erickson was named the Associated Press All-America Third Team. He was named to the AFCA Division I Football Championship Subdivision Coaches' All-America Team, the Associated Press FCS All-America Team in 2007.
Professional career.
Denver Broncos.
The Denver Broncos signed Erickson to a free agent contract on April 29, 2008. On August 31, 2008, Erickson was signed to the Broncos practice squad. Erickson was signed to a reserve futures contract on January 5, 2010.
Seattle Seahawks.
Erickson signed with the Seattle Seahawks on April 16, 2010. He was released on September 4.
Omaha Nighthawks.
Erickson was signed by the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League on September 11, 2010. He re-signed with the team on June 29, 2011.
Edmonton Eskimos.
Erickson signed with the Edmonton Eskimos on January 16, 2012, and was released on June 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18599045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599045" title="Digor people">
Digor people

The Digor () are a subgroup of the Ossetians. The Digor in the west came under the influence of the neighboring Kabarday people who introduced Islam. Today the two main Digor districts in North Osetia are Digora district or Digorskiy rayon (with Digora as its centre) and Irafskiy rayon or Iraf district (with Chikola as its centre). Digora district is Christian while some parts of Iraf district are Muslim. The dialect spoken in Digor part of North Osetia is Digor, the most archaic form of Ossetian language.

</doc>
<doc id="18599047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599047" title="Dolce Vita String Quartet">
Dolce Vita String Quartet

Dolce Vita String Quartet was formed in 2004, performing throughout Europe and in 2007 & 2008 on luxury cruise ships. All are classically trained musicians at the famous National Music Academy of Ukraine by P.I. Tchaikovsky in Kiev. Dolce Vita String Quartet have released 2 albums as digital releases on iTunes & eMusic

</doc>
<doc id="18599073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599073" title="Nicholas Pettas">
Nicholas Pettas

Nicholas Pettas (born January 23, 1973 in Mykonos) is a Greek-Danish karateka, former heavyweight kickboxer and actor, who fought out of Team Sprit AE in Tokyo, Japan. Pettas mainly competed in the promotion K-1 between 1998 and 2007, and was the winner of the K-1 Japan Grand Prix 2001.
Although an under-sized heavyweight, Pettas is known for his powerful low kicks and holds notable victories over Yusuke Fujimoto, Nobu Hayashi, Musashi, Gökhan Saki and Peter Varga.
Early life and karate career.
Pettas was born in Mykonos, Greece to a Greek father and Danish mother. Following the death of his father, he moved to Denmark with his mother at the age of three.
After being beaten up in a street fight when he was fourteen, he decided to join a karate school to learn to defend himself. Not knowing which styles there were, he was introduced to Kyokushin by Michael Mattheson, a friend of his brother Tony. He found himself a new following and needed no more schooling, and so at the age of sixteen decided to leave high school in order to save up money to go to Japan and study with Masutatsu Oyama, the founder of Kyokushin. After getting permission to join the "uchi-deshi" program, a live-in training of 1000 days, he moved to Japan from Denmark at the age of eighteen. At the age of twenty-one, he completed the vigorous training course to become the first non-Japanese ever to finalize the program. He was last "uchi-deshi" of Master Oyama, who died soon after Pettas' graduation.
After his graduation of the programme, he competed in several tournaments and achieved many significant titles and honours such as reaching the title in European Karate Championships and placing 5th and 3rd place in the World Championships, respectively in 1995 and 1997.
Kickboxing career.
Early career (1998–2002).
Following his successful career in full contact karate, Pettas joined K-1, a Japan-based kickboxing organization. He made his debut against Stefan Leko at "K-1 Dream '98" on July 18, 1998 in Nagoya, Japan. Leko was able to dominate Pettas with his superior boxing skills, and knocked him out in the second round.
After a decision loss to Ryuta Noji in March 1999, Pettas returned to K-1 to compete in the eight-man tournament at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2000 in Nagoya" on July 30, 2000. He stopped fellow karateka Ricky Nickolson with a low kick in the quarter-finals before going on to face Jérôme Le Banner in the semis. The end of the fight was somewhat bizarre. Le Banner knocked Pettas down twice, forcing the referee to stop the match. Upon the second knockdown, Pettas returned to his feet sharply and prepared to punch Le Banner only to stop. Le Banner then replied by striking Pettas with a right hook, knocking him unconscious.
Following this, he lost a unanimous decision to Michael McDonald in a superfight at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2000 in Fukuoka" on October 9, 2000. He bounced back, however, by using low kicks to KO Peter Varga at "K-1 Gladiators 2001" on March 17, 2001.
The peak of Pettas' career came on August 19, 2001 when he won the "K-1 Andy Memorial 2001 Japan GP Final" at the Tokyo Dome. He finished Yusuke Fujimoto and Nobu Hayashi with his now-famous low kicks in the quarters and semis, respectively, before advancing to the final to take on Musashi. After three rounds the bout was called a draw and went into an extra round to decide the winner, after which Pettas prevailed with a unanimous decision victory.
This tournament win qualified him for the 2001 K-1 World Grand Prix, the annual gathering of the best heavyweight kickboxers in the world for a one-night tournament. At the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2001 Final" in Tokyo on December 8, 2001, he was eliminated at the first stage by Alexey Ignashov. Ignashov, the much larger fighter, dominate Pettas before knocking him out with a knee strike in round two.
He returned to the ring on April 21, 2002 against Peter Aerts at "K-1 Burning 2002" in Hiroshima, and was knocked out with a knee once again. Then, on June 2, 2002, he fought Sergei Gur at "K-1 Survival 2002" in Toyama. During the second round, Pettas hit Gur with a right low kick. Gur checked the kick, breaking Pettas' shin bone. This injury kept Pettas out of competition for 3 years and 4 months.
Return from injury and later career (2005–2008).
He finally returned to the ring on October 8, 2005 against a young Gökhan Saki at "Bushido Europe: Rotterdam Rumble" in Rotterdam, Netherlands. He defeated Saki via technical knockout when his corner stopped the fight in the second round.
In late 2006, Pettas knocked out two low-level opponents and earned a return to K-1. Badr Hari greeted him in his second debut at the annual New Year's Eve martial arts event, "K-1 PREMIUM 2006 Dynamite!!", on December 31, 2006. Hari won the fight as Pettas was unable to continue after obtaining a broken arm in the second round.
He then rematched Peter Aerts in a superfight at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Hong Kong" on August 5, 2007. Aerts got the better once again, knocking Pettas out with a spectacular high kick in round two.
After losing his past five fights in K-1, Pettas finally broke this streak with a sensational KO victory over South Korean giant Kim Young-hyun at "K-1 PREMIUM 2007 Dynamite!!" on December 31, 2007. Pettas wore down Kim, who stood thirteen inches taller than him, with low kicks before dispatching him with punches forty-one seconds into round two.
His last fight came on August 9, 2008 when he was eliminated in the quarter-finals of the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Hawaii" by Rick Cheek, severing a muscle in his thigh made him pull out and Rick Cheek was awarded the winner by TKO due to referee stoppage.
Personal life.
Pettas lives as an expatriate person in Japan. He is also an actor, appearing in Japanese cinema and television. Perhaps his best known role is alongside Kimura Takuya in the TV drama "Change". From 2008 to 2009, NHK World show "Samurai Spirit" was created and produced to fit his personality and the show has won several international prizes for best sports educational shows and best sports documentary.
He is currently co-presenter of the NHK World television show "imagine-nation".

</doc>
<doc id="18599083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599083" title="Ponte Sisto">
Ponte Sisto

Ponte Sisto is a footbridge in Rome's historic centre, spanning the river Tiber. It connects Via del Pettinari in the Rione of Regola to Piazza Trilussa in Trastevere. The construction of the current bridge was ordered by Pope Sixtus IV (for whom it is named) using the architect Baccio Pontelli between 1473 and 1479 to replace what remained of a prior Roman bridge named Pons Aurelius.
Roman Pons Aurelius.
The predecessor bridge to Ponte Sisto, the Pons Aurelius was first mentioned by authors in the 4th and 5th centuries and was later known in the Middle Ages as "Pons Antoninus", "Pons Antonini in Arenula", and "Pons Ianicularis id est pons ruptus vulgariter nominatus et Tremelus et Antoninus".
The Pons Antoninus was partially destroyed in 772 and rebuilt in its current form by Pope Sixtus IV, after whom it is still named to this day.
Renaissance Ponte Sisto.
The bridge is architecturally characteristic because of its central circular 'Oculus' or eye. It connects the popular night-life areas near Campo de' Fiori and Trastevere and has become part of popular culture and featured in films, music videos, and adverts.
The Ponte Sisto connects the lively and Popular Piazza Trilussa in Trastevere, where many young Romans gather for an aperitivo on a Friday night, with the via Pettinary and via Giulia in Campo Marte.
On the corner of via Pettinari and via Giulia once stood a fountain, a work of the Acqua Paola Aqueduct, the water of which was brought over the bridge from the Transtiberim to the Campo Marte via Ponte Sisto.
After the Unification of Italy in 1870, the buildings surrounding this fountain were destroyed, and the fountain itself relocated to Piazza Trilussa on the other side of the bridge, where it delivers water to this day.
The bridge still carries eight large pipes across the river, carrying the water of the Acqua Paola.

</doc>
<doc id="18599085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599085" title="Holden Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Holden Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Holden Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1990 census recorded a population of 44.
The township dissolved after the 1990 Census, and is now designated by the United States Census Bureau as Holden Unorganized Territory. The 2000 census population of the area was 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18599086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599086" title="Bill Zies">
Bill Zies

William Zies (June 16, 1867 – April 16, 1907) was a professional baseball catcher. He played two games in Major League Baseball in 1891 for the St. Louis Browns of the American Association. He had one hit in three at bats.

</doc>
<doc id="18599088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599088" title="Yersiniops solitaria">
Yersiniops solitaria

Yersiniops solitaria is a species of praying mantis native to the United States. They are about in length and have long rear legs which aid them in jumping.

</doc>
<doc id="18599104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599104" title="Human monocytotropic ehrlichiosis">
Human monocytotropic ehrlichiosis

Human monocytotropic ehrlichiosis (HME) is a form of ehrlichiosis associated with Ehrlichia chaffeensis.
This bacteria is an obligate intracellular pathogen affecting monocytes and macrophages.
Ecology & Epidemiology.
In the USA, HME occurs across the south-central, southeastern, and mid-Atlantic states, regions where both the white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) and lone star ticks (Amblyomma americanum) thrive.
HME occurs in California in Ixodes pacificus ticks and in Dermacentor variabilis ticks.
Nearly 600 cases were reported to the CDC in 2006. In 2001-2002, the incidence was highest in Missouri, Tennessee, and Oklahoma, as well as in people older than 60.
Symptoms.
The most common symptoms are fever, headache, malaise, and muscle aches (myalgia). Compared to human granulocytic ehrlichiosis, rash is more common. Laboratory abnormalities include thrombocytopenia, leukopenia, and elevated liver tests.
The severity of the illness can range from minor or asymptomatic to life-threatening. CNS involvement may occur. A serious septic or toxic shock-like picture can also develop, especially in patients with impaired immunity.
Diagnosis.
Tick exposure is often overlooked. For patients living in high-prevalence areas who spend time outdoors, a high degree of clinical suspicion should be employed.
Ehrlichia serologies can be negative in the acute period. PCR is therefore the laboratory diagnostic tool of choice.
Treatment.
If Ehrlichiosis is suspected, treatment should not be delayed while waiting for a definitive laboratory confirmation, as prompt doxycycline therapy has been associated with improved outcomes. Doxycycline is the treatment of choice. 
Presentation during early pregnancy can complicate treatment.
Rifampin has been used in pregnancy and in patients allergic to doxycycline.

</doc>
<doc id="18599107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599107" title="Elmo Plaskett">
Elmo Plaskett

Elmo Alexander Plaskett (June 27, 1938 – November 2, 1998) was a catcher in Major League Baseball. He was born in Frederiksted, United States Virgin Islands, and died in Christiansted. The Pittsburgh Pirates signed him as a free agent in 1957. He played for the Pirates in 1962 and 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18599111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599111" title="Fair Game">
Fair Game

Fair Game may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599119" title="Domain (software engineering)">
Domain (software engineering)

A domain is a field of study that defines a set of common requirements, terminology, and functionality for any software program constructed to solve a problem in the area of computer programming, known as domain engineering. 

</doc>
<doc id="18599141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599141" title="Gus Dugas">
Gus Dugas

Augustin Joseph "Gus" Dugas (March 24, 1907 – April 14, 1997) was a Major League Baseball player. He batted left-handed and threw left-handed. He played with the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1931 to 1933 then played one year with the Washington Senators. He was also a star for the Royaux in Montreal.

</doc>
<doc id="18599146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599146" title="Akihiro Tsukiyama">
Akihiro Tsukiyama

Akihiro Tsukiyama (16 March 1919 Tokyo) is a Japanese composer. Among his many compositions are three operas "Pongo" (1965), 
"Ajatasatru" (1966), and "Kakitsubata" (1967).

</doc>
<doc id="18599158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599158" title="Gary Beare">
Gary Beare

Gary Ray Beare (born August 22, 1952) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played 2 seasons with the Milwaukee Brewers. He batted and threw right-handed.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Beare and attended California State University, Long Beach.
Baseball career.
Beare was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 5th round of the 1974 amateur draft. He made his major league debut in September 1976 and played his last game in October 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18599175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599175" title="Merrecia James">
Merrecia James

Merrecia James (born September 15, 1986) is a track and field middle distance athlete, competing collegiately for the University of Maryland Eastern Shore. She is the daughter of Merle Stewart and William James of Jamaica. She has six brothers and two sisters. Represented Jamaica at the North American Central American Caribbean (NACAC) cross country meet in 2004, 2005 and 2006,winning the bronze medal, in 2005 the world half marathon championships in Edmonton Canada and in 2006 the world cross country championship in Fukuoka,Japan. Finish 2nd for Jamaica at the CAC reggae half marathon in a time of 1.28;08.
Early life and career.
James was raised by a single parent in the rural community of Portland, Jamaica. She attended Port Antonio High School, where she earned 9 CXC's in a variety of subjects and earned a scholarship to G.C. Foster college. In college, she earned a certificate in Physical Education in 2004. Also in 2004, she was admitted, with the intent to pursue a degree in Exercise Science and Physical Therapy, to the University of Maryland Eastern Shore (UMES) on a full athletic scholarship, where she has achieved success as a middle distance runner. As a UMES Hawk, she has consistently placed 1st in cross-country, 800m, 1500m, mile, and 5000m races in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference, as well as qualifying for Division I NCAA national indoor and outdoor championships in 2007-2008. Additionally, she was a COSIDA All-American in 2007 for her academic and athletic achievements. In 2013, James graduated with a Masters of Medical Science in Physician Assistant from St. Francis University.

</doc>
<doc id="18599188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599188" title="Democratic journalism">
Democratic journalism

Democratic journalism is a term describing a relatively new phenomenon where news stories are ranked by a vote among the stories' readers. This phenomenon has been brought about largely due to the creation of social networking sites such as Digg and Newsvine.
The effect of democratic journalism is that it promotes news based on the popular opinion of the majority, or the "wisdom of the crowd". This differs from more traditional approaches, such as the one commonly used in the newspaper industry, where an editor would decide whether to print a particular news story. 
Some authors look at democratic journalism as taking in rights to free speech, assembly, human rights, the rule of law and other mechanisms to check abuses. It also takes in civic conscionsness and social solidarity. Journalism then has a clear link with democracy, and is shaped accordingly. This would also have different meanings in First, Second and Third World nations. The democratic role of journalism should transcend excessive commercialism, sensationalism, and manipulation by media elites.
Problems.
A common problem faced by democratic journalism is the unreliability and bias of the voting system used, which may not reflect the actual opinions of the majority. Many of the mediums which help enable democratic journalism suffer from problems such as gaming, bias, censorship, and lack of professional review. However, other approaches will also suffer from many of these problems. In order to get a set of news stories, at some point, something must decide one story's rank over another using some criteria. A different approach at making such a selection simply changes the source of the bias.

</doc>
<doc id="18599208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599208" title="Abbey Court Apartments">
Abbey Court Apartments

Abbey Court, formerly known as Old Well, is a complex of over 300 apartments in the town of Carrboro, North Carolina.
As one of the most affordable apartment complexes in Carrboro, Abbey Court houses today a large number of Hispanic families, other racial minorities, and some students. The public transportation system, which is free of charge, conveniently carries passengers to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the UNC Hospitals. 
Although Abbey Court is advertised as a complex of “condominiums,” only a few units are privately owned. Most of the apartments are managed by the Tar Heel Companies.
Crime and controversies.
Abbey Court has historically been plagued by problems with crime, particularly drug-related incidents. When a new management took over after a series of high-profile drug busts, they changed the name from Old Well to Abbey Court in an effort to clear the complex’s image.
A high-profile crime occurred at Abbey Court in June 2006, when a 19-year-old man killed his cousin in a parking lot and then shot himself. The men had been arguing over money; neither of the men lived at Abbey Court.
In July 2008, Abbey Court was again in the news because of a controversy in which the managers began to deny tenants permission to park after requiring residents to display a permit on their cars or be towed. Cars with dents and paint imperfections or cracked windshields were denied permits and began to be towed away. Subsequently, the tenants organized a protest and filed a series of complaints with the city of Carrboro. Cars that had been denied due to issues with appearance were re-assessed. Some protesting residents accused the managers of discriminating against Latino residents. The town sent a housing inspector to check the conditions of the apartments.
An organization called Play Street Soccer, an affiliate of the Chapel Hill and Carrboro Human Rights Center, also hosts pick up soccer games for the youth of the complex once each week. The organization began hosting games in the spring of 2011 with the hope of empowering children and building community through soccer. 
Renowned residents.
Hall of Fame American football player Lawrence Taylor lived at Abbey Court (then known as Old Well) while he attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="18599218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599218" title="Timmons">
Timmons

Timmons is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599223" title="The Pied Piper (song)">
The Pied Piper (song)

"The Pied Piper" is a pop song written by the duo of Steve Duboff and Artie Kornfeld, who first recorded the song in 1965 as "The Changin' Times". However, it was British pop singer Crispian St. Peters, who scored a major hit with the song during the summer of 1966, when his single went to #4 in the United States, #5 in the United Kingdom and #1 in Canada.
In the Netherlands, the beatgroup "The Jets" from Utrecht recorded their version a few months before St. Peters did. Rumors had it that this version inspired the Crispian St. Peters version.
The song's title came from The Pied Piper of Hamelin. In Italy, there was well-known a cover version, with the title "Bandiera gialla" ("Yellow flag"), sung by local artist Gianni Pettenati and theme of a popular radio program of that era targeted to the young people, but there was also a version, sung in English, by Patty Pravo. The song is noted for its use of the Penny Whistle to represent the pipes of the Pied Piper.
Del Shannon also did a cover of the song in the 60s and The Ventures released a version in 1966. In 1966 in France, Pop sensation Sheila did a French cover of it with "Le pipeau".Jamaican reggae duo Bob and Marcia had a Top 20 hit with their version, taking the song to UK #11 in July 1971.
In 1967 Artie Kornfeld put together a studio band called the Bassetts consisting of Hugh McCracken, Steve Gadd, Tony Levin, and Tony Amato (formerly of the Chaperones) and they put out a 45 in that same year with "The Pied Piper" on the A side and "With a Little Love" on the B side.
Rita Marley, Bob Marley's wife, did a ska cover of the song in 1966.
In 1999, the song was used in an advertisement for the first-generation Toyota Echo in New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="18599249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599249" title="Gavin Purcell">
Gavin Purcell

Gavin Purcell (born in Seattle, Washington on May 26, 1974) is currently the co-producer of Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and former Executive Producer of G4-TV's Attack of the Show!. Prior to working on that show, he was an executive producer for other shows on G4, a network that primarily focuses on video game-based and technology shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18599253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599253" title="USS Ailanthus (AN-38)">
USS Ailanthus (AN-38)

USS "Ailanthus" (AN-38/YN-57) was an net laying ship which served with the U.S. Navy in the western Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. She was assigned to serve the U.S. Pacific Fleet with her protective anti-submarine nets. Unfortunately, while performing this service, she ran aground in Alaskan waters and was declared a total loss.
Built in Washington.
"Ailanthus" (YN-57) was laid down on 17 November 1942 at Everett, Washington, by the Everett Pacific Co.; launched on 20 May 1943; sponsored by Miss Billie Jean McNatt; and placed in commission at Seattle, Washington, on 2 December 1943, Lt. Donald B. Howard, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
The net tender completed fitting out and, during the second half of December, conducted shakedown training. On the last day of 1943, she reported for duty in the 13th Naval District. On 20 January 1944, she was reclassified a net laying ship and redesignated "AN-38".
Early in February, "Ailanthus" moved north to Pleasant Island, Alaska, where she arrived on 4 February. Reassigned that same day to Service Squadron 6, U.S. Pacific Fleet, she began to carry out net laying duties.
Ran aground and sunk.
However, her career proved very brief. On 26 February 1944, she ran hard aground and suffered extensive damage. While still stranded, "Ailanthus" was reassigned to the newly constituted 17th Naval District (the Alaskan portion of the old 13th Naval District to which she had originally been assigned). Finally, she was declared a total loss, and her name was struck from the Navy List on 9 June 1944. 
Ailanthus specific duty in the Aleutian Islands was to deliver perforated steel plating (Marsden matting) to a Navy Seabee contingent building an airfield on the westernmost island of Attu. After having offloaded her cargo the ship was caught in a violent winter storm, slipped her anchorage and was driven aground.

</doc>
<doc id="18599284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599284" title="West Credit Secondary School">
West Credit Secondary School

West Credit Secondary School is a high school in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. It is a workplace destination for the Peel District School Board. Its cousin school, North Peel Secondary School is a high school in Brampton, Ontario, Canada that offers a similarity in trades courses. West Credit and North Peel are currently the only two vocational schools in the Peel District School Board that offer students more choices in trades courses than most other regular high schools. It is aimed for students who want to pursue a career in the trades, or sometimes it is recommended for those with learning developmental disabilities such as Attention-Deficit Disorder and other learning problems that are influenced in the students. The 'special' kind students are thought to learn more visually, and by learning more with hands-on training. Both high schools offer applied and academic courses that are usually more simple and easier to learn than most regular high schools. Students can right away earn apprenticeships and start working right away in their respected workplace destinations upon completing and graduating to earn their high school diplomas. 
West Credit School has been criticized for lack of action by school administrators with regard to bullying incidents. A Grade 10 student, Lindsay Hyde, was forced to transfer to another school after her bullying ordeal was reported on torontosun.com and canoe.ca.

</doc>
<doc id="18599297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599297" title="Izturis">
Izturis

Izturis is the surname of two Venezuelan brothers, who both play in Major League Baseball:

</doc>
<doc id="18599307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599307" title="Leslie Ullman">
Leslie Ullman

Leslie Ullman (born 1947) is an American poet and professor. She is the author of four poetry collections, most recently, "Progress on the Subject of Immensity" (University of New Mexico Press, 2013). Her third book, "Slow Work Through Sand" (University of Iowa Press, 1997), was co-winner of the 1997 Iowa Poetry Prize. Other honors include winning the 1978 Yale Series of Younger Poets Competition for her first book, "Natural Histories," and two NEA fellowships. Her poems have been published in literary journals and magazines including " The New Yorker," "Poetry," "The Kenyon Review, Puerto Del Sol, Blue Mesa Review," and in anthologies including "Five Missouri Poets" (Chariton Review Press, 1979).
Ullman was born in Illinois and graduated from Skidmore College. She earned her MFA from University of Iowa Writers' Workshop. She established, taught at, and for many years directed the bilingual MFA in Creative Writing Program at the University of Texas at El Paso, where she remains a professor emerita. She is currently on the faculty of the Vermont College of Fine Arts MFA in the Creative Writing Program, and lives in southern New Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18599326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599326" title="Xylamidine">
Xylamidine

Xylamidine is a drug which acts as an antagonist at the 5HT2A receptor, and to a lesser extent at the 5HT1A receptor. It does not cross the blood brain barrier which makes it useful for blocking peripheral serotonergic responses like cardiovascular and gastrointestinal effects, without producing the central effects of 5HT2A blockade such as sedation, or interfering with the central actions of 5HT2A agonists.

</doc>
<doc id="18599355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599355" title="Lemmon Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Lemmon Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Lemmon Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1970 census recorded a population of 87.
The township dissolved prior to the 1980 Census, when the United States Census Bureau began referring to the area as Lemmon Unorganized Territory. As of the 2000 Census, the area had a population of 29. Lemmon Unorganized Territory was combined with Whetstone Township in 2006 to create West Adams Unorganized Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18599377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599377" title="There's Always Tomorrow">
There's Always Tomorrow

"There's Always Tomorrow" is an American romantic melodrama which premiered in New York City on January 20, 1956. Produced by Universal Pictures, it is directed by Douglas Sirk with stars Barbara Stanwyck, Fred MacMurray and Joan Bennett. The screenplay, based on a novel by Ursula Parrott, is by Bernard C. Schoenfeld. Twenty two years earlier, Universal produced a same-titled version of this story, directed by Edward Sloman. Released in November 1934, the film provided an infrequent leading role for character star Frank Morgan (five years before "The Wizard of Oz"), with Binnie Barnes as his old flame and Lois Wilson as his wife.
Plot.
Toy manufacturer Clifford Groves (Fred MacMurray) is married to Marion (Joan Bennett), with three kids, Vinnie (William Reynolds), Ellen (Gigi Perreau) and Frankie (Judy Nugent), but lately life has become drab and routine. A former co-worker, Norma Miller Vale (Barbara Stanwyck), turns up unexpectedly and is now a glamorous fashion designer.
At the last minute before Cliff's frequently mentioned, but long-postponed vacation getaway with Marion to Palm Valley, Frankie injures her ankle and Marion decides to stay home and attend to her. Since it's too late to cancel everything, she urges Cliff to go alone. He reluctantly agrees, scheduling a business appointment at the location, thus giving him at least some additionally justifiable reason for going, but upon arriving and subsequently being informed that the meeting fell through, he suddenly again encounters Norma who, it is now revealed, happens to be a lonely divorcee taking a brief vacation at the same resort. Their succeeding close companionship, in riding horses together and dancing, is spotted by Vinnie, who has also taken a drive to Palm Valley with his girlfriend Ann (Pat Crowley), along with his friend Bob (Race Gentry) and Bob's girlfriend Ruth (Myrna Hansen).
Vinnie confides in Ellen that their father might be having an affair. Norma is invited to dinner, but the evening turns awkward as Vinnie and Ellen display open hostility towards Norma and refuse to speak to their father, while Ann, the most level-headed one among the young people, privately chastises Vinnie for his immature behavior. Marion, however, seems oblivious to any suspicion and when Cliff angrily says that he has had enough of being treated like a wind-up robot, ready to serve everyone's needs, she soothes him with warmly comforting and gently dismissive words that his various overreactions are due to tiredness and misunderstanding, that too much excitement in life would be just that, too much, and then starts getting ready for bed. Cliff, frustrated and sleepless, gets up and leaves the bedroom to call Norma, asking her to meet him the next day, just as Vinnie comes in and overhears the key part of his father's conversation.
During the dinner, Norma invites Marion and Ann to visit her design studio and, while there, Ann tries finding the right way to tell Norma that a rendez-vous with Cliff would cause unhappiness to the family, but Norma is sensitive enough to understand the import of Ann's meaning and, after Marion and Ann leave, calls off the meeting. Cliff, who can no longer control himself, goes to Norma's hotel and declares his love for her, but she tearfully asks him for time to think. In the meantime, Vinnie and Ellen go to Norma and begin with accusations, but as she points out their self-centered neglect of their father, they wind up pleading with her not to break up their parents' marriage. Ultimately, in another tearful confrontation with Cliff, Norma tells him that he would always regret abandoning his family and that she must leave alone. Vinnie reconciles with Ann, admitting that he acted in a way that was immature and selfish, while at home, Cliff looks longingly out a window as a plane carrying Norma flies overhead. In her seat on the plane, Norma has tears in her eyes, while Cliff is left to contemplate what is to become of his and Marion's marriage.
Evaluation in film guides.
"Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide" gives "There's Always Tomorrow" 2½ stars (out of 4) calling it a "sudsy but well-acted soap opera", while "Steven H. Scheuer's Movies on TV" ups the rating to a 3 star (out of 4) evaluation, describing it as a "mordant, intelligent soaper". "TimeOut Film Guides Paul Taylor goes further, stating that it is "a brilliant example of his mastery of lacerating irony" and concluding that "her [Stanwyck's generically-correct fairytale 'sacrifice' of self to the sanctity of the family, and the sanctioned role of the independent woman, merely intensifies the romantic agony of both dreamer victims. Tomorrow never comes."
Assigning 3½ stars (out of 5), "The Motion Picture Guide" describes it as "another of director Sirk's melodramatic, bitter attacks on the values of American middle-class life in the 1950s" and informs that Sirk's planned conclusion "was even darker than what appeared on the screen. The ending he filmed has MacMurray's robot [Rex marching across a table top--making a final connection between his character and Rex. The original scenario had Rex reaching the edge of the desk and toppling to the ground. After crashing to the floor, the robot would struggle through a few final kicks before the end credits rolled." In the write-up, Sirk's biographer, Michael Stern, quotes the director, "In tragedy the life always ends. By being dead, the hero is at the same time rescued from life's troubles. In melodrama, he lives on--in an unhappy happy end."

</doc>
<doc id="18599388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599388" title="Woodburn (surname)">
Woodburn (surname)

Woodburn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18599390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599390" title="USAT Liberty">
USAT Liberty

USAT "Liberty" was a United States Army cargo ship torpedoed by in January 1942 and beached on the island of Bali. She had been built as a Design 1037 ship for the United States Shipping Board in World War I and had served in the United States Navy in that war as animal transport USS "Liberty" (ID-3461). She was also notable as the first ship constructed at Federal Shipbuilding, Kearny, New Jersey. In 1963 a volcanic eruption moved the ship off the beach, and "Liberty"s wreck is now a popular dive site.
World War I.
"Liberty" was launched on 19 June 1918 by the Federal Shipbuilding Company in Kearny, New Jersey, and acquired by the United States Navy on 7 October 1918 and commissioned the same day with Lieutenant Commander Charles Longbottom in command. Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service, "Liberty" departed the New York Navy Yard on 24 October 1918, arriving at Brest, France, with her cargo of horses on 8 November. Over the next 6 months, "Liberty" made two additional cruises from New York to France discharging both animal and general cargo at French ports. Loaded with 436 tons of U.S. Army cargo and 2,072 tons of steel rails, "Liberty" arrived at Newport News, Virginia, on 30 April 1919 from her final cruise. She was decommissioned there on 7 May and was returned to the United States Shipping Board the same day.
Between the wars.
On 23 November 1933, "Liberty" collided with in the Ambrose Channel. "Ohioan" was consequently beached near the West Bank Light.
World War II.
By 1939, "Liberty"—although owned by the United States Maritime Commission (a successor to the USSB)—was employed by the Southgate-Nelson Corporation of Norfolk, Virginia. Southgate-Nelson was the operator of several packet lines, including the American Hampton Roads Line, the Yankee Line, and the Oriole Lines, but secondary sources do not indicate for which of these services "Liberty" sailed. In November 1940, "Liberty" was one of ten ships taken up by the United States Army for defense service.
At the time of the United States' entry into World War II in December 1941, USAT "Liberty" was in the Pacific. In January 1942, she was en route from Australia to the Philippines with a cargo of railway parts and rubber. On 11 January, "Liberty" was torpedoed by about southwest of the Lombok Strait, near position . US destroyer and Dutch destroyer took the damaged ship in tow attempting to reach Singaraja, the Dutch port and administrative centre for the Lesser Sunda Islands, on the north coast of Bali. However she was taking too much water and so was beached on the eastern shore of Bali at Tulamben so that the cargo and fittings could be salvaged.
In 1963 the tremors associated with the eruption of Mount Agung caused the vessel to slip off the beach, and she now lies on a sand slope in of water, providing one of the most popular dive sites off Bali.
The wreck of USAT "Liberty" is often misidentified as or identified by the misnomer, USS "Liberty". The wreck is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a Liberty ship, through confusion of the ship's name with the class of World War II-built standard design cargo ships.

</doc>
<doc id="18599398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599398" title="Date with Darkness">
Date with Darkness

Date With Darkness is a spy novel by Donald Hamilton, his first published novel.
Plot summary.
Navy Lieutenant Philip Branch is on leave in New York City when he becomes snared in a glamour girl's schemes.

</doc>
<doc id="18599412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599412" title="Tom Burke (footballer)">
Tom Burke (footballer)

Thomas "Tom" Burke (born 1862 in Wrexham; died 1914) was a Welsh international footballer who played for Wrexham and Newton Heath, who would go on to become Manchester United. Burke won a total of eight caps for Wales, playing at half-back.
Burke began his career with Wrexham Grosvenor, but moved on to Wrexham and Wrexham Olympic before making a transfer to Liverpool Cambrians. From there, he was signed by Newton Heath in 1886. The club's parent company, the Lancashire & Yorkshire Railway Company, was able to employ Burke as a painter – as was his trade – at the nearby Carriage and Wagon Works, from which the club had been born. In his first season at Newton Heath, Burke played mostly at left-half, but switched to right-half by the following season, and even played at centre-half or inside-right on occasion.
When Burke's time at Newton Heath came to an end, after making 29 appearances for the Heathens, he moved back to Wrexham to play for Wrexham Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="18599421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599421" title="Karadash">
Karadash

Karadash may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599424" title="Anna Tsuchiya Inspi' Nana (Black Stones)">
Anna Tsuchiya Inspi' Nana (Black Stones)

"Anna Tsuchiya Inspi' Nana (Black Stones)" is an album released by rock recording artist Anna Tsuchiya. It was released on Mad Pray Records, February 28, 2007. It is possible that it is both a soundtrack for the NANA anime, as well as her second solo studio album.
Album Listing.
DVD.
The 10 minute DVD bonus includes video clips as well as a performance. 

</doc>
<doc id="18599427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599427" title="List of National Basketball Association awards">
List of National Basketball Association awards

The National Basketball Association (NBA) presents 12 annual awards to recognize its teams, players, and coaches for their accomplishments. The NBA championship trophy is called the Larry O'Brien Trophy. First introduced in the 1978 NBA Finals, it is awarded annually to the winner of the NBA Finals.
The NBA's championship trophy was first awarded after the inaugural NBA Finals in 1947. In 1964, it was named after Walter A. Brown, in honor of the original owner of the Boston Celtics who was instrumental in merging the Basketball Association of America and the National Basketball League into the NBA in 1949. The Brown Trophy remained in use until 1978, when a new trophy design was introduced and first presented, though it retained the Walter A. Brown title. In 1984, the new trophy was renamed to honor former NBA commissioner Larry O'Brien, who served from to .
The NBA's first individual awards were the All-Star Game Most Valuable Player and the Rookie of the Year awards, both of which made their first appearance in . First awarded in , the Most Valuable Player (MVP) award is presented to the best performing player of the regular NBA season. The only individual award awarded in the NBA Finals is the Bill Russell Finals Most Valuable Player award, which was first presented in 1969. The Executive of the Year award is the only award not presented by the NBA. Though it is presented annually by "Sporting News", it is officially recognized by the NBA.
Aside from annual awards, the league also awards players and coaches weekly and monthly awards.
Each individual award, with the exception of the Finals MVP, is awarded at the end of the regular season while the NBA Playoffs are ongoing. This is different than the other major professional sports leagues where they hand out individual awards after their postseasons have concluded. 

</doc>
<doc id="18599436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599436" title="Luis Alberto Monzón">
Luis Alberto Monzón

Luis Alberto Monzón León (born 26 May 1970 in Asunción) is a retired football midfielder from Paraguay.
Club career.
Monzón started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and made his professional debut at the age of 16. He was a key player in the Olimpia team that won the Copa Libertadores in 1990, and throughout his years with the club, he won several national and international championships, which made him one of the squad's most emblematic players. He also played in Mexico for Cruz Azul, in Argentina for Club Atlético Huracán and a few Paraguayan teams before retiring.
International career.
Monzón made his international debut for the Paraguay national football team on 27 February 1991 in a friendly match against Brazil (1-1). He obtained a total number of 17 international caps, scoring four goals for the national side. Monzón also played for the Paraguay national football team in the Copa America tournaments of 1991 and 1993.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18599451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599451" title="Distillery (disambiguation)">
Distillery (disambiguation)

A distillery is a premise where distillation takes place, especially distillation of alcohol.
Distillery may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599461" title="County of Stolberg">
County of Stolberg

The County of Stolberg () was a county of the Holy Roman Empire located in the Harz mountain range in present-day Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
The town of Stolberg was probably founded in the 12th century as a mining settlement. The Counts of Stolberg ("Grafen zu Stolberg") probably derived from a branch of the counts of Hohnstein castle near Nordhausen in Thuringia. The castle of Stolberg was first mentioned in 1210 as "Stalberg", then the seat of one count Henry originally from nearby Voigtstedt. It remained a property of the comital family until its expropriation in 1945.
The Stolberg lands, which were located mostly east of the Harz, included Stolberg, Hayn, the lower County of Hohnstein (1417), as well as Kelbra and Heringen (1413/17), the two latter territories being ruled alongside the House of Schwarzburg.
The Counts of Stolberg could significantly enlarge their territory when they inherited the County of Wernigerode in 1429, the County of Königstein in 1535, and the County of Rochefort in 1544. The Protestant Reformation was introduced into their territory in 1539. On 19 March 1548 the line was split between a Harz line (Stolberg-Stolberg) and a Rhenish line with the possessions in Rochefort (Stolberg-Rochefort) and Königstein im Taunus (Stolberg-Königstein).

</doc>
<doc id="18599465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599465" title="County of Wernigerode">
County of Wernigerode

The County of Wernigerode () was a county of the Holy Roman Empire, located in the Harzgau region of the former Duchy of Saxony, at the northern foot of the Harz mountain range. Its capital was Wernigerode, now in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.
History.
The territory belonged to the counts of Wernigerode who established themselves as relatively independent, aristocratic rulers in the North Harz, between the River Oker and the glacial valley of the Großes Bruch, for more than two centuries from the High Middle Ages. Their male line finally died out in 1429.
The body of source material gives no indication why, in the early 12th century Count Adalbert, who originated from Haimar near Hildesheim, who was mentioned for the first time in 1103 and who is named in 1117 as "comes Adelbertus de villa Heymbere" (Count Adalbert of the town of Heymbere), appears on just one occasion as "Adelbertus comes de Wernigerode" (Adalbert, Count of Wernigerode), where he is one of the witnesses ("Zeugenreihe") to a document by Bishop Reynard of Halberstadt on 18 October 1121.
Threatened by the neighbouring Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg, the counts of Wernigerode lost their imperial immediacy as early as 1268, when they chose to become vassals of the Ascanian margraves of Brandenburg and, subsequently, of the archbishops of Magdeburg in 1381. Nevertheless, the county remained in existence - with one short interruption - until the dissolution of the Kingdom of Prussia in 1918.
The counts of Wernigerode remained in possession of important property in the region between Hildesheim, Burgdorf and the Steinwedel Forest until the end of the 14th century. The extent of those estates has led to conjecture that the comital estate at the foot of the Harz in Wernigerode was even greater and more valuable still, encouraging the counts to abandon their old seat in Haimar and settle here.
Nevertheless, estimates of the size and wealth of the comital estate are always hampered by the difficulty of being able to compare it with any suitable benchmark or population figures. Consequently, it is also probable, that the centres of power of Wernigerode and Haimar existed alongside one another. Also the family seat of Wernigerode was located in the middle of imperial lands, and according to the preface of the "Sachsenspiegel" the counts of Wernigerode were born in Swabia. Since the Salian emperor, Henry IV, preferred to employ mainly free knights and "ministeriales" from Swabia as part of his "Saxon policy" ("Sachsenpolitik"), a delegation of former vassals of his noble family appearing on the northern edge of the Harz seems to make sense.
Furthermore the counts of Wernigerode owned the Steinberg near Goslar, demonstrably an imperial estate ("Reichsgut"), on the spur of which Emperor Henry IV had tasked Otto of Northeim. later his fiercest rival, to construct a castle. In understanding the background to the conflict between the emperor and Otto of Northeim and the political superiority of the pro-imperial nobility at the Harz after his death in 1083, it should be noted that there was a legal succession awarded to Count Adalbert I or to one of his ancestors, achieved by the allocation of estates, at the instigation of Henry IV.
The first recorded mention of a count of Wernigerode in 1121 is also the first record of the clearing settlement of Wernigerode, whose beginnings, however, date roughly to a century earlier. Wernigerode Castle is first mentioned in 1213 as a "castrum" and was the seat of power of the subsequent County of Wernigerode.
Count Henry of Wernigerode was the last male representative of this aristocratic family. He demanded from Archbishop Günther II of Magdeburg the fief of the castle and town of Wernigerode for himself and his two Stolberg cousins, Henry and Botho, which he secured on 30 June 1414. The Archbishop of Magdeburg had first taken over feudal lordship of the town and county of Wernigerode in 1381, after a protracted dispute with the counts of Wernigerode about their castle of Pabstorf. 
Previously, the stem county ("Stammgrafschaft") of Wernigerode had been a fief of the March of Brandenburg. 
The counts of Wernigerode had hoped that, by submitting themselves as vassals to the Ascanian margrave, they would receive greater protection of the castle and town of Wernigerode against the overpowering pressure from their neighbours, particularly from the Duke of Brunswick. However, their expectations were not fulfilled in the long run. That part of their county's territory acquired in 1343 from the counts of Regenstein was a fief of the Bishopric of Halberstadt and the Stolbergs were issued with separate deeds of enfeoffment specially for this large region until the transfer of Halberstadt to the Electorate of Brandenburg.
One of the heirs chosen by the last Wernigerode count, Count Henry of Stolberg, died young. As a result, in 1417 Count Henry of Wernigerode had the people of the county swear fealty to Count Botho of Stolberg as the future owner of the lordship of Wernigerode. Count Botho had the fortune to become the sole heir of the entire County of Stolberg in the South Harz at that same time. This made it necessary, however, for him to establish his permanent seat of power in Stolberg. This was a setback for the further development of Wernigerode because, after the death of Count Henry of Wernigerode in 1429, no count resided permanently in the town. The demise of Wernigerode was reinforced by the fact that Count Botho started in 1438, to pledge the castle and its associated lordship. It was a very lucrative fief that included the spiritual fiefdom of the Monastery of St. George and St. Sylvester at Wernigerode, the abbeys of Himmelpforten, Ilsenburg and Drübeck, and the villages of Drübeck, Reddeber, Langeln with its Teutonic Order, Wasserleben with its nunnery, and Veckenstedt with its important aristocratic seat ("Adelshof"). The lordship of Wernigerode was thus much more significant than that of the stem county of Stolberg which did not have a single monastery within its borders.
The actual county reduced in size during the 16th century to the comital district ("gräfliche Amt") of Wernigerode that, for example, had the following tax receipts ("Schoss") in 1543/44:
In toto the "Amtmann" of Wernigerode collected 5,120 guilders in 1543/44, compared with just 4,247 guelders the year before. Against that the expenditure for the district was 3,456 guelders, leaving a profit of 1,664 guelders. That was a considerable sum, if one considers that in that year a new minting workshop had been built for 50 guelders.
When the comital family became extinct in 1429, Wernigerode was inherited by the Thuringian counts of Stolberg south of the Harz. For more than 200 years, both territories were ruled in personal union by the Stolberg (from 1548: Stolberg-Stolberg) line, until in 1645 the dynasty again divided the dominion and split off the Stolberg-Wernigerode branch.

</doc>
<doc id="18599467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599467" title="Fananserin">
Fananserin

Fananserin (RP-62204) is a drug which acts as a potent antagonist at both the 5HT2A receptor, and the Dopamine D4 receptor, but without blocking other dopamine receptors such as D2. It has sedative and antipsychotic effects, and has been researched for the treatment of schizophrenia, although efficacy was less than expected and results were disappointing.

</doc>
<doc id="18599468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599468" title="Yelenovka">
Yelenovka

Yelenovka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599471" title="The Private Lives of Pippa Lee">
The Private Lives of Pippa Lee

The Private Lives of Pippa Lee is a 2009 American drama film written and directed by Rebecca Miller. The screenplay is based on her novel of the same title. The film premiered on February 9, 2009, at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival and was shown at the Sydney Film Festival and the Edinburgh Film Festival before opening in the United Kingdom on July 10. Following a showing at the Toronto International Film Festival, it was limited released in the United States on November 27, 2009. 
Plot.
The film chronicles the life of a woman named Pippa Lee, with flashbacks to her tumultuous past. Pippa Sarkissian was the youngest child and only girl in her large catholic family. Her mother Suky (Maria Bello) was a neurotic mother with an obsessive fixation on her daughter's looks. By her teen years, Pippa discovers that her mother takes amphetamines in order to self-medicate her vast mood swings. She has a confrontation with her mother by taking drugs and the result is that Pippa leaves home and moves in with her lesbian aunt. After participating in erotic photo sessions, Pippa is banished from that apartment too and goes on to live a bohemian life of drugs and working as an exotic dancer. On a weekend jaunt with like-minded friends, she meets a charismatic publisher named Herb Lee who is 30 years older than she is and a romance develops between the young woman and the older man. The couple marry, have two children and later move into a retirement home in Connecticut. Through her marriage, Pippa has become the "perfect wife": loving, supportive, everything to everyone and no one to herself. The couple grow apart; Herb has an affair with one of Pippa's friends and middle-aged Pippa has encounters with a younger man named Chris. After Herb dies from a heart attack, Pippa finally breaks with her life of subservience and refuses to set up the burial, leaving the details to her children. The film ends with Pippa driving off with Chris.
Production.
The film was shot on location in Danbury, New Milford, Stamford, Newtown, and Southbury.
Critical response.
The film is rated 67% 'Fresh' on Rotten Tomatoes based on 70 reviews.
David Gritten of "The Telegraph" observed, "Buttressed by a formidable cast . . . Miller navigates her story between sharp satire, dark comedy and wrenching drama. Pippa feels like a character from films of an earlier vintage, including "Diary of a Mad Housewife" and "The Graduate"; however she is less of a rebel than "Housewife's" protagonist and more non-conformist than Mrs. Robinson. Hints and traces of a playful, late 1960s mood abound. Yet Miller's film is a triumph. Uniformly well acted, it boasts a psychologically knowing script, clearly written by a smart, assertive human being rather than a software programme."
Philip French of "The Observer" said, "The humour is forced, the shocking revelations too sudden and not altogether convincing, but it's enjoyable in an uninvolving way."
Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" rated the film two out of five stars, calling it a "hugely overegged pudding of a film," "indulgent," "complacent," and "a film that is very pleased with itself."
Trevor Johnston of "Time Out London" rated the film three out of five stars and commented, "No challenge to surmise where all this is heading, but there are pleasures to be had while it takes the scenic route. With the story structure working backwards and forwards at the same time, the lack of tension is no surprise, nor does Miller help herself by flitting through a variety of moods, from period satire, whimsical imagining and character comedy to more sinewy drama. On a scene-by-scene basis, though, it’s classily effective, mainly because of Wright Penn’s skill in nailing the precise tenor of every moment. She’s a great actress, and a subtle one, too. Anyone who can wrestle scenes away from a lovably grouchy Alan Arkin must be on top of their game."
Hannah Forbes Black from Channel 4 rated the film 2½ out of five stars, calling it a "soft-focus, chocolate-box fairytale." She continued, "The whole thing is vaguely reminiscent of post-war domestic dramas aimed at a daytime audience of housewives – like a photo-negative of "Brief Encounter" ... Miller's self-adapted script is no more strained and compromised than the average book-to-film adaptation, but one wishes that she'd seized this amazing opportunity to take liberties with her own work ... Toured rapidly around Pippa's life, we can see the outline of the traumas and choices that have shaped her personality, but the film doesn't seem to know what it wants to say about any of it."
Darren Amner of "Eye For Film" rated it three out of five stars and called the script "very wry, funny and emotionally charged."
Peter Brunette of "The Hollywood Reporter" called it "the kind of film that most critics desperately want to like" and added, "Unfortunately, writer-director Rebecca Miller's script tries so hard to be nervous and edgy that it ultimately succeeds only in making its viewers nervous and edgy. It's as though Miller threw a really loud party for all her Hollywood friends, but forgot to invite the audience ... The acting is top-notch (if consistently over-the-top) and the direction is perky (not to say frenzied), but the script is just immensely too much of a good thing. Virtually every character in the film, and virtually everything they say, is so self-consciously quirky that viewers quickly start wincing when they should be laughing or crying ... The film's basic structure is to alternate between Pippa's present-day life as a suburban Mom and her wild youth, but the transitions are often awkward and the polar opposite moods of each part tend to work against rather than reinforce each other. The ultimate intent of the film seems to be to make some honest points about seeking one's own happiness rather than living for the sake of others, but it also wants to be outrageous and outrageously funny at the same time, and the clash of tones is fatal."
Alissa Simon of "Variety" noted, "Cardboard characters and severe problems of tone fatally flaw the awkward satirical relationship drama feels as schizophrenic as its eponymous heroine ... While the film marks a change of pace from the intense seriousness of Miller’s earlier work, she never finds the dark comic edge that would make "Pippa" more satisfying viewing. Indeed, she never sustains any tone at all. The dialogue teeters from flat comedy to wince-worthy whimsy, with detours through blithe and earnest. Visual style, too, is all over the place ... Period music does a better job of evoking the era than the laughable costumes, hair and makeup."

</doc>
<doc id="18599475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599475" title="Ultamatix">
Ultamatix

Ultamatix is a tool that automates the addition of applications, codecs, fonts and libraries not provided directly by the software repositories of Debian-based distributions like Ubuntu.
History.
Ultamatix is based on Automatix, picking up where its development ended. It has many of the same characteristics, but works on Ubuntu 8.04, and the developer claims to have fixed many of the problems with Automatix.
Supported software.
Ultamatix currently allows the installation of 101 different programs/features, including programs such as the Adobe Flash Player plugin, Adobe Reader, multimedia codecs (including MP3, Windows Media Audio and video-DVD support), fonts, programming software (compilers) and games.
Reception.
Ultamatix has received positive reviews, with Softpedia calling it "Ultamatix: The New Automatix", and Linux.com saying it "may be a worthy successor to Automatix for new Ubuntu and Debian users" and that "The real value of Ultamatix is in making the Linux experience easier for new users".
As with its detailed criticism of Automatix, many in the Ubuntu community believe that there are better solutions for installing the programs covered with this tool, many of which can be installed either from standard Ubuntu repositories or the third-party Medibuntu repository.
Developers and users of Ubuntu have also raised concerns that Ultamatix and Automatix could create longer-term problems, by installing packages in an 'unclean' manner that can prevent the entire Ubuntu system from being upgraded for security and other reasons. The original developer of Automatix has given some positive and negative comments. Other issues are noted in the comments of Softpedia's review and the comments in Linux.com's review.

</doc>
<doc id="18599486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599486" title="Come Out Fighting Ghengis Smith">
Come Out Fighting Ghengis Smith

Come Out Fighting Ghengis Smith is English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper's second album and was released in 1968.
History.
Columbia Records, recognising Harper's potential, hired American producer Shel Talmy to produce the album. Musically it was notable for the 11 minute track "Circle", "a soundscape of Harper's difficult youth" and "totally unlike anything anyone else was doing. The Beatles weren’t doing anything like that at the time. The Stones weren’t doing anything like it, either. No-one was" stated Harper
Careerwise, the album was notable for marking a widening of Harper's musical style away from the more traditional side of contemporary folk music heard at the time. Harper had an interest in traditional folk but did not consider himself a bona fide member of the folk scene. He later explained:-
Harper's record company had different expectations. "They wanted me to write commercial pop songs and when they heard the album...they didn’t have a clue. They wanted hits. And I gave them "Circle"". Bert Jansch contributed sleeve notes for the album. During this period, Harper was managed by American music entrepreneur Jo Lustig; manager of The Pentangle and former agent to Julie Felix
The album was re-issued in 1977 (with a different cover) entitled "The Early Years", and again in 1991 with additional content.
Track listing.
"All tracks credited to Roy Harper"

</doc>
<doc id="18599496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599496" title="Jan Sładkowski">
Jan Sładkowski

Jan Sładkowski was born in Świętochłowice, Poland in 1958. He is notable for his work on the role of exotic smoothness in cosmology, quantum game theory, and applications of thermodynamics in the theory of finance.
Education.
He earned his PhD, under Marek Zrałek, and habilitation in theoretical physics from the University of Silesia, Katowice, Poland. He has published a number of papers on quantum field theory, mathematical physics, quantum information processing, and econophysics.
Career.
He has held visiting posts at the Bielefeld University and at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He presently holds the Chair of Astrophysics and Cosmology at the University of Silesia.
Honors.
In 1999, he was a Humboldt fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="18599510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599510" title="Comatose Comes Alive">
Comatose Comes Alive

Comatose Comes Alive is the second live album and second live DVD by the Christian rock band Skillet, which peaked at No. 164 on the Billboard 200. It is the band's first combination CD/DVD of live recording, as their first official live album was 2000's "Ardent Worship", a worship album recorded live. The band's first live DVD was the Alien Youth DVD, which featured an acoustic performance. "Comatose Comes Alive" was recorded on May 9, 2008, in Chattanooga, Tennessee and was released on October 21, 2008. The album is a CD of the concert's audio and a DVD capturing the live show. However, John Cooper's speech after "Savior" is cut from the CD. This is also the first release to feature Jen Ledger on drums.
DVD Content.
The DVD contains video of Skillet performing the songs listed above
and several of Skillet's music videos
Awards.
In 2009, the album was nominated for two Dove Awards: Rock Album of the Year and Long Form Music Video of the Year, at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="18599618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599618" title="USCGC Mohawk (WPG-78)">
USCGC Mohawk (WPG-78)

The fifth US Coast Guard cutter named "Mohawk" (WPG-78) was built by Pusey & Jones Corp., Wilmington, Delaware, and launched 1 October 1934. She was commissioned on 19 January 1935.
Active service.
She was first assigned patrol and general icebreaking duties on the Hudson and Delaware Rivers, and the outbreak of war found her stationed at Cape May, New Jersey. In accordance with Executive Order No. 89-29 of 1 November 1941, "Mohawk" was directed to serve as part of the naval forces of the United States. Assigned to North Atlantic escort operations with the Greenland Patrol, where she served for the entire war, "Mohawk" launched a total of 14 attacks against submarine contacts between 27 August 1942 and 8 April 1945.
On the evening of the 27 August 1942 the USS Laramie (AO-16) was torpedoed while steaming in convoy at the eastern end of Belle Isle Strait. The "Mohawk" escorted the "Laramie" into port at Sydney, Nova Scotia on 30 August 1942.
One of "Mohawk’s" most famous deeds was being the last ship to radio General Dwight D. Eisenhower on the day before the Normandy invasion confirming that the weather was going to be clear enough to proceed. Unfortunately, she hit an iceberg shortly after the message was sent and sustained a hole in her side. After a temporary fix in Greenland, she returned to the United States for permanent repairs to the hull.
"Mohawk" also survived a friendly fire attack from British planes. While on patrol near Iceland, she was misidentified by British planes, which bombed her, damaging the main deck. She returned to Boston for emergency repairs.
Post war.
At the end of the War, she was transferred to her old homeport of Cape May, after her war-time armament was removed, she was stationed at Cape May, from 25 November until 5 January 1946, when she proceeded to New York on special duty. She returned to Cape May on 19 February 1946. On 6 April 1946 "Mohawk" was ordered to be placed "in reserve, in commission" status, with a skeleton crew, at Cape May, New Jersey.
There was some discussion of converting "Mohawk" and her sister cutters into lightships but this was eventually deemed to be impractical. On 8 October 1947 "Mohawk" was ordered to be decommissioned and placed in storage at the Coast Guard Yard.
She was declared "surplus to needs of CG" on 13 July 1948 and was put up for sale. She was sold on 1 November 1948 to the Delaware Bay and River Pilots' Association, and was used as a pilot boat on the Delaware River for more than 30 years.
The Mohawk was taken in ownership by Caribbean Transport Lines in lieu of back payment for mooring fees on Staten Island. The ship's plight was shared with the nation via the National Trust for Historic Preservation's Preservation911 Program in 2001.
USS Mohawk CGC Memorial Museum.
The USS "Mohawk" CGC Memorial Museum was founded by the Miami Dade Historical Maritime Museum. The ship was berthed in Key West, at Truman Waterfront.
"Mohawk" was found in a Staten Island scrap yard by Frans Boetes, then president and CEO of "Mohawk’s" Memorial Museum. She had been there rusting for over 15 years. After some initial repairs, she was towed to Miami, where substantial repairs were made, and on to Key West where she was berthed at the inner quay wall, at the old Navy pier in the Truman Waterfront.
In 2012, the museum was reluctantly forced to either scrap or reef the Mohawk due to the lack of funds necessary to recover her from her state of disrepair. It was ultimately decided that the most honorable fate was to give her a final duty serving as a veteran's memorial reef in lieu of the scrap yard, where she would be melted down and sold.
USS Mohawk CGC Veterans Memorial Reef.
Starting May 16, 2012, "Mighty MO" was in port at Fort Myers Beach, FL, to be cleaned and getting ready to be scuttled 28 nautical miles off the coast of Captiva Island in its final service as a Veteran's Memorial artificial reef. She was sunk on July 2, 2012.
The Mohawk was the first dedicated veterans memorial military ship reef in the United States of America. The USS Mohawk CGC Veterans Memorial Reef was the brainchild of Mike Campbell with the Lee County Division of Natural Resources, and has made Southwest Florida a new diving destination.
See also.
www.ussmohawkreef.com

</doc>
<doc id="18599622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599622" title="RusHydro">
RusHydro

RusHydro (previous name: Hydro-OGK, ) is a Russian hydroelectricity company. As of early 2012 it has a capacity of 34.9 gigawatts. It is the world's second-largest hydroelectric power producer and is the country's largest power-generating company and the largest successor to RAO UES. The conglomerate, which is partly government-owned, underwent a major consolidation beginning in July, 2007. The head of the company is Yevgeny Dod. Its head office is in Obruchevsky District, South-Western Administrative Okrug, Moscow.
2009 Sayano-Shushenskaya hydro accident.
On 17 August 2009, an accident occurred at RusHydro's largest plant at Sayano-Shushenskaya in eastern Siberia. The turbine hall and engine room were flooded, the ceiling of the turbine hall collapsed, 9 of 10 turbines were damaged or destroyed, and 75 people were killed. The entire plant output, totaling 6,400 MW and a significant portion of the supply to the local grid, was lost, leading to widespread power failure in the local area, and forcing all major users such as aluminum smelters to switch to diesel generators. The plant was restarted at reduced output power on 24 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18599623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599623" title="Harold Newton">
Harold Newton

Harold Newton (1934-1994) was a central and founding member of the loose-knit group of African American artists known as the Florida Highwaymen. Although Newton and the other Highwaymen were not part of an organized school, all were influenced by the work of Florida landscape artist A.E. Backus and shared a commitment to capturing Florida’s scenic beauty in a quick, formulaic style. Despite his lack of formal training, Newton had an exceptional ability to capture the subtlety and variety of Florida’s coastlines and wetlands, an ability that distances him from other, central figures in the group such as Alfred Hair. Indeed, Newton is generally regarded as the most talented of the Highwaymen and in recent years his work has been coveted by serious art collectors and Highwaymen enthusiasts both regionally and nationally. His oil paintings, once sold door-to-door for very modest sums, now can fetch in the tens of thousands, depending on the scene, composition, and quality. 
Gary Monroe, author of the book "Harold Newton, The Original Highwayman", captures Newton’s place in the Highwaymen movement and Florida history in the following remark: 
Harold Newton stands alone, having created the images of modern Florida that symbolized the state as the place to really be alive, to raise a family in its fecund wilds, and to find solace as one looks back at life in retirement. Florida was the Promised Land. The artist possessed an unmatched ability to define the state’s meaning and natural beauty in iconic dimensions. This is his legacy.
Arguably, much of the appeal of Newton’s work (as well as the other artists in his ilk) stems from the unlikely success of a black artist in a time of racial segregation and disenfranchisement. Newton was undeterred, and, pursuing his love for his art, secured a considerable following among the more privileged and affluent members of the Florida communities through which he traveled. Newton was an outsider to the more pervasive depictions of American life in the 1950s and 1960s, but it is this fact that inspires a more enlightened America to look back on his work with admiration and respect. Somewhat ironically, Newton’s life and works represents– from the vantage point of the opening decade of the 21st Century – the very best of a nation that honors the fortitude and independence of its citizens. 
Harold Newton died in 1994, a year after suffering a debilitating stroke. He was 59 years old. 

</doc>
<doc id="18599630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599630" title="Indian general election in Sikkim, 2004">
Indian general election in Sikkim, 2004

In the Indian general election, 2004 for Sikkim polls the one seat of the state was one by the regional Sikkim Democratic Front.

</doc>
<doc id="18599642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599642" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Idaho, 2008">
United States House of Representatives elections in Idaho, 2008

The 2008 congressional elections in Idaho were held on November 4, 2008 to determine who would represent the state of Idaho in the United States House of Representatives, coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 3, 2009 until January 3, 2011.
Idaho has two seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Representatives are elected for two-year terms. Its 2007-2008 congressional delegation consisted of two Republicans. In the 2008 elections, District 1 was won by Democrat Walt Minnick, so Idaho's delegation to the 111th Congress consists of one Republican and one Democrat. CQ Politics had forecasted District 1 to be at some risk for the incumbent party.
The statewide primary elections were held May 27, 2008.
District 1.
This district includes most of the Boise metropolitan area and northern Idaho, including all of the Idaho Panhandle. Major cities in the district include Nampa, Meridian, Coeur d'Alene, Lewiston as well as precincts in western Boise. Usually a Republican stronghold, in 2006 Bill Sali (campaign website) won an open seat race with only 50 percent of the vote over Larry Grant's 45 percent. 
In 2008 Sali faced Walt Minnick (campaign website), the Democratic 1996 U. S. Senate nominee. Grant announced his intention to run for the seat again, but withdrew from the race before the primary and endorsed Minnick instead. Sali defeated Iraq war veteran Matt Salisbury with 60 percent of the vote in the May 27 Republican primary. Minnick won the Democratic nomination unopposed.
Initially, Sali was expected to have a fairly easy path to victory in this heavily Republican district (CPVI R+19), and the race was initially rated 'Safe Republican' by the non-partisan Cook Political Report. However, the race became one of the more competitive in the country. According to the "Wall Street Journal", a combination of poor fund raising (Sali trailed Minnick by nearly $200,000 according to reports in May) and Sali's combative reputation gave Minnick a chance to upset Sali despite the district's conservative majority. Many moderates who would have normally leaned Republican were reportedly concerned by Sali's far-right social views in a state where conservative voters have historically cared more about small-government issues than social issues.
As a result, the Cook Political Report adjusted its rating for the race throughout the campaign, moving it to 'Likely Republican' on July 3, 'Leans Republican' on September 18, and 'Republican Toss Up' on October 23. CQ Politics forecasted the race as 'Republican Favored', but changed its rating to 'No Clear Favorite' late in the campaign. The Rothenberg Report rated it as 'Lean Republican'.
Results.
Walt Minnick defeated incumbent Bill Sali by slightly over 4,000 votes. Minnick's victory marks the first Congressional victory for the Democratic Party in Idaho since Larry LaRocco was defeated in 1994; he is only the second Democrat to hold the seat in the last four decades. District 1 is the third most Republican district in the country (according to CPVI, as calculated using the 2004 and 2008 elections) to be represented by a Democrat in the 111th Congress.
District 2.
This district includes the Eastern Idaho and Magic Valley regions of Idaho, including the cities of Pocatello, Idaho Falls and Twin Falls, as well as parts of Boise on its western edge. The seat was first won by Republican incumbent Mike Simpson in 1998. 
Simpson (campaign website) ran for reelection against Democratic nominee Deborah Holmes (campaign website), a first-time candidate for public office. Both Simpson and Holmes decisively won their respective primaries. Although parts of the district have trended Democratic in recent years, including Blaine County, Teton County and the Boise precincts located in the district, a strong Mormon voting bloc has kept the district in Republican hands. CQ Politics forecasts the race as 'Safe Republican'.
Results.
Mike Simpson easily won reelection over Deborah Holmes, receiving 71 percent of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18599647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599647" title="Kozue Amano">
Kozue Amano

As of autumn 2010, Amano's work releases have been shifted from a monthly schedule to a seasonal one (every 3 months) owing to pregnancy and subsequent childcare.

</doc>
<doc id="18599659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599659" title="Mark 16 torpedo">
Mark 16 torpedo

The Mark 16 torpedo was a redesign of the United States Navy standard Mark 14 torpedo to incorporate war-tested improvements for use in unmodified United States fleet submarines. The torpedo was considered the United States standard anti-shipping torpedo for twenty years; although significant numbers of Mark 14 wartime production remained in inventory. This hydrogen peroxide propelled, 21 inch (53 cm) torpedo was 246 inches (6.25 m) long and weighed 2 tons (1800 kg). The Mod 0 warhead contained 1260 lb (572 kg) of TPX explosive and was the most powerful conventional submarine torpedo warhead ever used by any Navy. The United States used TPX explosive which was about 75 % more powerful (7405 J/g.) than the Type 97 explosive in the larger Japanese Type 93 Mod 3. (780 kg of Type 97, 4370 J/g.) The Mod 1 warhead contained 960 lb (435 kg) of TPX or HBX (7552 J/g.) explosive. The torpedo could be set for straight- or pattern-running.

</doc>
<doc id="18599679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599679" title="Electoral results for the Division of Parramatta">
Electoral results for the Division of Parramatta

This is a list of electoral results for the Division of Parramatta in Australian federal elections from the division's creation in 1901 until the present.

</doc>
<doc id="18599689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599689" title="1860 Wiyot Massacre">
1860 Wiyot Massacre

The Wiyot Massacre refers to the incidents on 26 February 1860, at Tuluwat on what is now known as Indian Island, near Eureka in Humboldt County, California.
History.
Immigrant whites had settled in the area since the California Gold Rush, over the 10 years before the massacre. The Wiyot were a peaceful tribe that had never fought with white settlers and had no reason to expect an attack.
Event.
The killings followed two years of open aggression by the whites against the residents of Indian Island, numerous editorials in the local newspapers, and the formation of volunteer militia groups. On the night of 26 February 1860, a small group of white men crossed Humboldt Bay and to avoid drawing attention from nearby Eureka residents, some of whom may not have condoned the killings, carried out the attack primarily with hatchets, clubs and knives. Contrary to a commonly held view, guns were also used to kill Indians, because some Eureka residents reported hearing shots that night, but knowledge of the attack was not widespread at the time. News accounts report only the shooting of adult men.
Deaths.
Based upon Wiyot Tribe estimates, 80 to 250 Wiyot men, women, and children were murdered. Because most of the adult able-bodied men were away gathering supplies as part of continuing preparation for the World Renewal Ceremony, nearly all the Wiyot men murdered are believed to have been older men, which is one reason why the Wiyot were largely defenseless. It is untrue to say the Wiyot were killed with ease because they were "exhausted from the annual celebration." The celebration usually lasted seven to 10 days, and the men traditionally left at night for the supplies while the elders, women and children slept. That is why most victims were children, women and older men.
Arcata's local newspaper, the "Northern Californian", described the scene as follows:
"Blood stood in pools on all sides; the walls of the huts were stained and the grass colored red. Lying around were dead bodies of both sexes and all ages from the old man to the infant at the breast. Some had their heads split in twain by axes, others beaten into jelly with clubs, others pierced or cut to pieces with bowie knives. Some struck down as they mired; others had almost reached the water when overtaken and butchered."
Survivors.
There were few survivors. One woman, Jane Sam, survived by hiding in a trash pile. Two cousins, Matilda and Nancy Spear, hid with their three children on the west side of the island and later found seven other children still alive. A young boy, Jerry James, was found alive in his dead mother's arms. Polly Steve was badly wounded and left for dead, but recovered. One of the few Wiyot men on the island during the attack, Mad River Billy, jumped into the bay and swam to safety in Eureka. Another woman, Kaiquaish (also known as Josephine Beach) and her eleven month old son William survived by not being on the island in the first place. Kaiquaish had set out in a canoe with her son to take part in the ceremonies, but became lost in the fog and was forced to return home before the attacks began.
Coordinated attacks.
The Tuluwat/Indian Island massacre was part of a coordinated simultaneous attack that targeted other nearby Wiyot sites, including an encampment on the Eel River. The same day the same party was reported to have killed 58 more people at South Beach, about south of Eureka even though many of the women worked for the white families and many could speak "good English." On 28 February 1860, 40 more Wiyot were killed on the South Fork of the Eel River, and 35 more at Eagle Prairie a few days later. Though the attack was widely condemned in newspapers outside of Humboldt County, no one was ever prosecuted for the murders. One writer in nearby Union (now Arcata, California), the then-uncelebrated Bret Harte, wrote against the killers and would soon need to leave the area due to the threats against his life. Several local citizens also wrote letters to the San Francisco papers condemning the attacks and naming suspected conspirators.
Investigation.
Motive for the attacks was never clearly established. The local sheriff, Barrant Van Ness, stated in a newspaper editorial published in the "San Francisco Bulletin" a few days after the massacre that the motive was revenge for cattle rustling. Ranchers in the inland valleys claimed as much as one-eighth of their cattle had been stolen or slaughtered by Indians over the previous year and one rancher, James C. Ellison, was killed while pursuing suspected rustlers in May 1859. However, the area where the ranches were located was occupied by the Nongatl tribe, not the Wiyot, so the victims of the massacre would not have been responsible for any rustling. Van Ness closed his written statement by saying he did not excuse the killers for their deeds.
Major Gabriel J. Rains, Commanding Officer of Fort Humboldt at the time, reported to his commanding officer that a local group of vigilantes had resolved to "kill every peaceable Indian - man, woman, and child." The vigilantes, calling themselves the "Humboldt Volunteers, Second Brigade", had been formed in early February 1860 in the inland town of Hydesville, one of the ranching communities in the Nongatl area. They spent most of February "in the field" attacking Indians along the Eel River. A petition had been sent to California Governor John G. Downey asking that the "Humboldt Volunteers" be mustered into service and given regular pay. Downey declined the petition, stating that the U.S. Army was sending an additional Company of Regulars to Fort Humboldt.
Consequences.
The Wiyot Tribe said their people were not allowed to return to the island or their other land and they often found their land stolen or destroyed. Soldiers from Fort Humboldt took many of the surviving Wiyot into protective custody at the fort, later transporting them to the Klamath River Reservation. Recently, the Wiyot have been repurchasing the land in order to perform their annual World Renewal Ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="18599699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599699" title="Regency Square Mall (Florence, Alabama)">
Regency Square Mall (Florence, Alabama)

Regency Square Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall northeast of downtown Florence, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18599732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599732" title="Thicker than Water (TV series)">
Thicker than Water (TV series)

Thicker than Water is an American short-lived 1973 sitcom that aired on ABC from July 3, 1973, to August 8, 1973, based on the UK sitcom "Nearest and Dearest". It starred Julie Harris and Richard Long, telling the story of a brother and sister who run "Paine's Pure Pickels", a pickle factory, in order to claim a 75,000-dollar inheritance from their father Jonas.

</doc>
<doc id="18599736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599736" title="Sloan Nibley">
Sloan Nibley

Alexander Sloan Nibley (June 23, 1908 - April 3, 1990) was an American screenwriter. He is the older brother of famed Latter Day Saint scholar Hugh Nibley.
Career.
Born in Portland, Oregon to Alexander ("El") and Agnes "Sloanie" Nibley, Nibely served in the Navy in New York in 1945 before beginning his career. Nibely served as screenwriter for over twenty films including "Springfield Rifle", "Carson City", the remake of "The Golden Stallion", and "Eyes of Texas" (1948), a film starring Roy Rogers. He also wrote for numerous TV series, including "Sea Hunt", "Sky King", "Wagon Train", and "The Addams Family".
Personal life and death.
Nibely married actress Linda Stirling in 1946 with whom he had two children, Chris and Tim. He died on April 3, 1990 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18599771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599771" title="DLT (musician)">
DLT (musician)

DLT is a New Zealand DJ, music producer, composer & artist. Born Darryl Thompson in Maraenui, New Zealand.
DLT was inspired by an article about rap and breakdancing in Life magazine when he was 16 years of age; he moved to Wellington in the '80s and established himself as a graffiti artist known as 'SLICK' (1983) before co-founding Hip Hop group Upper Hutt Posse. The ' Posse released New Zealand's first Hip hop record, E Tū, in 1988 and then moved to Auckland.
Upper Hutt Posse signed to Murray Cammick's label, Southside Records, and released the album Against The Flow in 1991.
Leaving the Upper Hutt Posse, DLT released two solo albums. The first, The True School, contained the New Zealand Number 1 single "Chains". "Chains" was number one in New Zealand for five weeks in 1996 and featured the vocals of Che Fu. In the 1997 New Zealand Music Awards "Chains" was named Single of the Year and won the Best Songwriting award. Che Fu was named Best Male Vocalist. It was number 22 in the 2001 APRA listing of the Greatest New Zealand Songs of the previous 75 years.
DLT's production work in the 80's and 90's was a pointer to and influential on the Reggae flavoured Downbeat styles that have found favour in New Zealand in recent years.
His radio and TV work in New Zealand, especially "The True School Show" on Radio 95bFM, has been important in the development of the New Zealand Hip Hop scene. DLT hosted 'Trueschool TV' on Max TV in 1996 with DJ Sir-Vere - they were later poached for MTV's 'Wreckognise' show, which gave them nationwide coverage.
DLT hosts The HOLD UP! with DT (Daniel Tippett, artist & DJ) on Auckland station BaseFM. The two are responsible for several commissioned graffiti works throughout New Zealand.
DLT is often described as the "Godfather Of New Zealand Hip Hop".
Art.
DLT is an accomplished sculptor, graffiti artist, graphic artist & painter.

</doc>
<doc id="18599779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599779" title="Ninetails">
Ninetails

Ninetails may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18599789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599789" title="Net neutrality in Canada">
Net neutrality in Canada

Net neutrality in Canada is a hotly debated issue. In Canada, Internet service providers (ISPs) generally provide Internet service in a neutral manner, some notable exceptions being Bell Canada's, Eastlink's, Shaw, and Rogers Hi-Speed Internet's throttling of certain protocols and Telus' censorship of a specific website critical of the company.
History of net neutrality in Canada.
In 2005, when Telus blocked access to labour union blogs during an employee strike, the question of net neutrality became more prominent.
In March 2006, the federal government updated the Telecommunications Policy Objectives and Regulation with new objectives to focus on three broad goals:
In November 2008, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) scheduled a review of the internet traffic management of ISPs and is still in the review process. The CRTC took comments from the public until Monday, February 23, 2009.
Types of net control.
Bandwidth throttling.
Typically an ISP will allocate a certain portion of bandwidth to a neighbourhood, which is then sold to residents within the neighbourhood. It is common practice for ISP companies to oversell the amount of bandwidth as typically most customers will only use a fraction of what they're alloted. By overselling, ISP companies can lower the price of service to their customers per gigabit alloted. On some ISPs, however, when one or a few customers use a larger amount than expected, the ISP company will purposely reduce the speed of that customer's service for certain protocols, thus throttling their bandwidth. This is done through a method called Deep Packet Inspection (DPI), which allows an ISP to detect the type of traffic being sent and throttle it if it is not high priority and using a large fraction of the bandwidth. Bandwidth throttling of certain types of traffic (i.e. peer-to-peer file sharing) can be scheduled during specific times of the day to avoid congestion at peak usage hours. As a result, customers should all have equal internet speeds.
Encrypted data may be throttled or filtered causing major problems for businesses that use Virtual Private Networks (VPN)s and other applications that send and receive encrypted data.
IP blocking.
IP blocking by an ISP company is purposely preventing its Internet service customers access to a specific website or IP address. In Canada, certain ISP companies have been found to block certain websites. While some blocking (e.g., of child pornography sites) is considered acceptable or required and is even stated in an ISP company's acceptable Internet use policy. ISP companies have absolute control over the content transmitted over their wires, without adequately informing service subscribers,
Cases.
Telus vs. Telecommunications Workers Union.
In July 2005, while its union workers were striking, Telus blocked its subscribers access to 'Voices for Change'—a community website run by and for Telecommunications Workers Union (TWU) members. Telus claimed that the site suggested striking workers to jam Telus phone lines, and posted pictures of employees crossing the union picket lines. A Telus spokesperson said advocating jamming lines hurts the company (and its customers), and access to those kinds of pictures threatened the privacy and safety of employees.
Telus said in news release that it would unblock access to the website only when all postings, including photographs, posted with the intent of intimidating or threatening Telus employees had been removed as ordered in an Alberta court injunction.
Bell Canada traffic shaping.
On April 3, 2008, the Canadian Association of Internet Providers (CAIP) requested that the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) require Bell Canada to immediately cease its traffic shaping and Internet traffic throttling. On November 20, 2008, the CRTC ruled that Bell's traffic shaping was not discriminatory, as they were applied to both wholesale and retail customers. The CRTC also called for public to ensure that that network management practices are administered fairly in the future.
Current legal status.
On May 28, 2008, the federal New Democratic Party (NDP) introduced a private member's bill, C-552, to the House of Commons that would entrench the principle of "net neutrality" and enact rules to keep the Internet free from interference by service providers.
This bill died on the order paper at 1st reading on September 7, 2008, when Prime Minister Stephen Harper asked the Governor-General for the dissolution of the 39th Session of Parliament.
On June 8, 2008, a private member's bill, C-555, entitled "The Telecommunications Clarity and Fairness Act" was introduced by Liberal MP David McGuinty (Ottawa South) that sought to undertake, among other things, "an assessment of network management practices that favour, degrade or prioritize any packet transmitted over a broadband network based on source, ownership or destination". Like the NDP bill, this proposed legislation fell after the 39th Parliament was dissolved by the Prime Minister.
A new decision on January 25 of 2011, the CRTC (Canadian Radio, Television, Telecommunications Commission) ruled that usage-based billing could now be introduced. CRTC
Prime Minister Harper signaled that the government may be looking into such a ruling: "We're very concerned about CRTC's decision on usage-based billing and its impact on consumers. I've asked for a review of the decision". Some have suggested that this adversely affects net neutrality, since it discriminates against media that is larger in size, such as audio and video. The new ruling significantly throttles the availability of access by small business owners as they would have to pay for services.
Arguments for and against.
Proponents.
SaveOurNet.ca Coalition.
Led by Steve Anderson and the Non-profit organization OpenMedia.ca the SaveOurNet.ca is a coalition of citizens, businesses, and public interest groups fighting to protect our Internet's level playing field. We're calling on lawmakers and industry to protect openness, choice, and access for ALL Canadians — and stopping lobbyists and special interests from ruining Canada's Internet. 
The “SaveOurNet.ca coalition” launched in May 2008 consisting of public interest groups, labour, businesses and individuals. The SaveOurNet.ca Coalition began providing information about the issue of net neutrality, rallied the public to support the CAIP submission, and helped organize a net neutrality rally on Parliament Hill in May 2008. 
In 2009, there were SaveOurNet.ca “Open Internet Town Hall” events in four cities, and over 12,000 citizen comments calling for net neutrality were sent to the CRTC. Formal submissions sent to the CRTC were overwhelmingly in favour of net neutrality, with stakeholders ranging from consumer groups (the Public Interest Advocacy Centre), labour (the National Union of Public and General Employees), cultural groups (the Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists) and domestic and international businesses (Zip.ca, Open Internet Coalition). OpenMedia.ca (then called the Campaign for Democratic Media, CDM) and the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic (CIPPIC) made a submission including support from one of the original architects of the Internet, Dr. David Reed of MIT, and network experts Dr. Andrew Odlyzko of the Minnesota Internet Traffic Studies (MINTS) project, and Bill St. Arnaud, Chief Research Officer for CANARIE Inc., Canada’s Advanced Internet Development Organization.
Wholesale Internet Service Providers.
TekSavvy Solutions Inc., Velcom, Acanac Inc. argue that throttling by Bell Canada at the ISP level makes it difficult to differentiate their services against Bell Canada, concerning issues about Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) and security, and the quality of service. According to TekSavvy Solutions Inc., Bell Canada’s congestion report to the CRTC shows that the “data suggests no congestion problems for at least 95 percent of the network in Ontario and Quebec.”
Wholesale ISPs do not throttle bandwidth, but since wholesalers do not have a full network infrastructure, they rely on Bell Canada’s network for the last stretch of cabling to customers. When Bell Canada receives packets on the network, it may be throttled, slowing down the connection between the wholesale ISP and the customer.
TekSavvy Solutions Inc. and Velcom support MLPPP which circumvents Bell Canada's throttling.
Content providers.
Yahoo! and Microsoft argue that net neutrality law is necessary because without such a law ISPs will destroy the free and open nature of the Internet and also create a tiered, dollar-driven net that favours the wealthiest corporations over everyone else.
Michael Geist.
Michael Geist has been writing about net neutrality in "The Toronto Star".
When he had an interview with CARTT.CA, he said that "from a policy and law perspective, we ought to be thinking about what kind of rules the government might consider to help facilitate some of that."
Political parties.
The federal NDP has been a vocal advocate of the principles behind net neutrality, with MP Charlie Angus (Timmins—James Bay) whose role of digital spokesperson for his party has drawn attention to this and other related issues, such as copyright reform. Mr. Angus has raised this issue many times in the House of Commons and in committee.
On June 18, 2009, federal Liberal Party MP Marc Garneau (Westmount—Ville-Marie), the Official Opposition critic for Industry, Science and Technology, declared Liberal support for Network Neutrality during Question Period by asking the Conservative Government to do the same. Until this point, the Liberals had been mostly silent on the issue.
As of June 18, 2009, the ruling federal Conservative Party under Stephen Harper (Calgary Southwest) remains non-committal, contending that free market competition is more favourable than regulation.
While the current position of the Bloc Québecois remains unclear, former Bloc MP Paul Crête (Montmagny—L'Islet—Kamouraska—Rivière-du-Loup) has come out in support of net neutrality.
The Green Party of Canada states its support for net neutrality in its policy statement.
Bell Canada.
A spokeswoman for Bell Canada, Jacqueline Michelis said "Our position on network diversity/neutrality is that it should be determined by market forces, not regulation" in an e-mail to The Canadian Press.

</doc>
<doc id="18599790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599790" title="Karim Khoram">
Karim Khoram

Abdul Karim Khoram () (born 1963) is Afghan President Hamid Karzai's Chief of Staff. As the presidential chief of staff, Khoram controls the Government Media and Information Center (GMIC) and therefore the Afghan government's message. 
Previously he acted as the Minister for Culture and Information also in the cabinet of Hamid Karzai. Khoram belongs the Hezb-e Islami of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar whose military arm takes part in the insurgency against ISAF and the Afghan government. 
Biography.
Abdul Karim Khoram was born in Kabul Province in 1963 to a Pashtun family. He completed his primary and secondary education in Kabul City and was then admitted to the Polytechnical University of Kabul in 1982. However, he was imprisoned for three years by the communist regime because of his involvement in anti-communist activities. Therefor, he was not able to complete his higher education at the Polytechnical University of Kabul. In order to complete his higher education, Khoram left for Paris, France in 1991, where he received a masters degree in International law and Diplomacy. While he was still in Paris, Khoram received a second masters degree in Export Law. Afterwards, he served as a professor and expert on Eastern Languages at several French Universities for some time.
Political and work life.
Abdul Karim Khoram is an active member of Gulbudin Hekmatyar's Hezb-e Islami. He was appointed as a "Minister of Culture, Information, Tourism and Youth Affairs" in May 2006. In 2011, as the Associated Press reported that Afghan President Hamid Karzia was increasingly surrounding himself with Hezb-e Islami officials, he was appointed as Karzai's Chief of Staff. "Al-Jazeera" reported in early 2012 that Khoram enjoys a "tight grip" over President Karzai. Khoram also controls the government's message and media relations heading the Government Media and Information Center (GMIC). Khoram furthermore owns at least three private newspapers, a television channel and a radio station.
Former co-workers of Khoram have accused him of following a "brand of conservative Pashtunism" acting "divisive internally" and having isolated Hamid Karzai's "non-Pashtun allies". "Al-Jazeera" writes: "The damage that Khoram has inflicted on President Karzai's image in one year - his enemies could not have done the same." 
Other non-Hezb-e Islami Pashtun officials in the Afghan government have accused Khoram of acting as a spy for Pakistan's Inter-Service Intelligence.
Controversy and criticism.
Karim Khurram is regarded by many - even among his own circle - as a Pashtun nationalist. After becoming minister for culture and information, he removed the Persian sign on the ministry's building and replaced it with a Pashto one (Persian and Pashto are the two official languages of Afghanistan). On February 10, 2008, he suspended three journalists for five days and fined them five days pay for using the Persian word for university ("daneshgah") instead of the Pashto word ("pohantoon") in their Persian articles.
Khoram also scrapped initial plans to integrate the "Afghan National Radio and Television" into the public service run by an independent board. He put the state television and radio under his personal control instead. This led to calls for impeachment.

</doc>
<doc id="18599801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599801" title="Glenn Northcutt">
Glenn Northcutt

Glenn Northcutt is a leader in comparative vertebrate neurobiology and evolutionary neuroscience. He serves on the editorial boards of the Journal of Comparative Neurology, Journal of Morphology, Visual Neuroscience and Zoologische Reike, and was editor in chief of Brain, Behavior and Evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="18599836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599836" title="Everlasting Love (Howard Jones song)">
Everlasting Love (Howard Jones song)

"Everlasting Love" is the title of a popular song originally written and recorded by the British singer-songwriter Howard Jones.
Released as the first single from Jones' 1989 album "Cross That Line", "Everlasting Love" reached #12 in the United States on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the late spring of that year, and also peaked at #19 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, the first of only two singles to appear there. It also spent two weeks at #1 on the US adult contemporary chart, the singer's second chart-topper on this tally (following "No One Is to Blame" from 1986). In his native UK, where Jones had enjoyed numerous pop hits, "Everlasting Love" failed to have as much of an impact as earlier singles, and it stalled at #62 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was co-produced by ex-Tears for Fears band member Ian Stanley.
This was the first of Howard Jones' singles to be released on CD.

</doc>
<doc id="18599838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599838" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 50,000 to 100,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 50,000 to 100,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18599857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599857" title="Argonne Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Argonne Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Argonne Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1960 census recorded a population of 90.
The township dissolved prior to the 1980 Census, when it was combined with Holt Township to form the Census-designated Central Adams Unorganized Territory. As of the 2000 Census, the combined area had a population of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="18599858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599858" title="Sandalwood Heights Secondary School">
Sandalwood Heights Secondary School

Sandalwood Heights Secondary School is a high school located in the city of Brampton, Ontario and is a part of the Peel District School Board opened in 2007. “Personalized Pathways equal Unlimited Opportunities” is the mission of the school with a focus on equal opportunities for students in the workplace, college, apprenticeship and university destination pathways. The Ministry of Education approved Specialist High Skills Major program (SHSM) features student pathways in industry sectors including: manufacturing, business, the environment, video production and hospitality and tourism. Specific details regarding course packages for the SHSM program are available from the counseling office at the school. School partnerships include Humber College, Ryerson University, Magna International, the Region of Peel, Apple Computers, Magnus Inc., and the Ontario Culinary Institute and will provide unique cooperative education experiences for Sandalwood students. A diverse extracurricular program focuses on a range of opportunities in athletics and special interest clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="18599864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599864" title="Two in a Crowd">
Two in a Crowd

Two in a Crowd (1936) is a romantic comedy film directed by Alfred E. Green, starring Joan Bennett and Joel McCrea, and released by Universal Pictures. The screenplay was written by Lewis R. Foster, Doris Malloy, and Earle Snell, based on story by Lewis R. Foster.
Plot.
Larry Stevens is about to be evicted by landlady Lillie for not paying his rent. He happens to be passing by, as does Julia Wayne, when two halves of a ripped $1,000 bill float down to the street.
Up above, gangster Bonelli has been handing out thousands to his girls. One who's angry with him has torn it and tossed it out the window. 
Skeeter, a jockey, joins up with Julia and Larry as they discuss what to do with the money. Julia has a $500 debt she needs to repay. Larry wants to use it to enter his horse Hector's Pal in a big race.
The money was stolen from a bank where Larry takes the torn $1,000 bill. A suspicious detective, Flynn, begins to follow Larry, who also attracts the attention of unemployed actor Anthony and bank cashier Bennett, who want a piece of the action.
Larry is in love with Julia and wants to help fulfill her dream of performing in a show. A theatrical producer pretends to hire her on talent, but secretly has schemed with Larry to finance the show if his horse wins the race. Julia races to the race track to see how it all turns out.

</doc>
<doc id="18599870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599870" title="Holt Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Holt Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Holt Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1960 census recorded a population of 69.
The township dissolved prior to the 1980 Census, when it was combined with Argonne Township to form the Census-designated Central Adams Unorganized Territory. As of the 2000 Census, the combined area had a population of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="18599892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599892" title="Stephen Lewis Secondary School (Mississauga)">
Stephen Lewis Secondary School (Mississauga)

Stephen Lewis Secondary School is a high school located in the city of Mississauga in Ontario, Canada and is a part of the Peel District School Board. It opened in September 2006. Students from Ruth Thompson Middle School and Erin Centre Middle School are directed to Stephen Lewis.
A diverse school, Stephen Lewis has already set high standards due to its strong academics, arts, extra curriculars and sportsman ship. The top three councils school wide are the SAC, athletics council, and integrated arts council. Other influential clubs include DECA, the various sports teams, and MIST.
Community Involvement.
The school is annually involved in local and global community in fundraising. Money and gifts were collected for villages in Honduras, through the organization Helping Hands for Honduras, and for Share the Joy, a program that assists Peel families in need of food and other necessities during the holiday season. During Charity Week in April 2012, students, staff and the school community raised over $20,000 for Right To Play. On May 16, 2012, students hosted the second annual Relay for Life event. Over 300 students, staff and community members participated in this all-night fundraiser in an effort to celebrate cancer survivors, remember loved ones and fight back by finding a cure. The school raised $30,000, which was donated directly to the Canadian Cancer Society.
Extracurricular Activities.
Stephen Lewis Secondary School offers a variety of extracurricular activities for students. The athletic teams are heavily supported by the student body and have high spectator turnout during home games. These athletic teams are represented by the school's mascot, known as the Lewis Lynx and teams are referred to as a lynx pack. The Sports include: Basketball, Soccer, Rugby, Tennis, Swimming, Cross Country, Cricket, Flag Football, Lacrosse, Baseball, Volleyball, Track & Field, and Wrestling. A multitude of clubs are also offered, including: Amnesty International, DECA, Animé Club, Arts Productions, Yearbook committee, Chess Club, a Dance Club, Green Revolution, Design and Build Club, Poets @ Lewis (poetry club), Sears Drama Festival, reading clubs, music clubs, game clubs, and more.
Villages.
All students and staff are assigned to one of the four villages upon registration. The Stephen Lewis Villages are named after four globally renowned Canadian heroes of social justice: June Callwood, Craig Kielburger, Agnes Macphail and David Suzuki. The grouping of students into teams allows all students to feel connected and encourages friendly competition and spirit between the Villages.
Campus.
Stephen Lewis Secondary School has a modern architectural design from the interior and exterior. The building has three floors, and is connected to AppleWood School. The campus has above average building facilities including a broadcast studio, a dark room for photography, a large cafeteria/auditorium, one of the largest gyms in Peel, Dance and Photo studios, equipped science labs and an Auto work shop. The building features state of the art glass ceilings and walls in the atrium and cafeteria for efficient energy use. All classrooms are equipped with projectors, administrative computers, and printers. The facility has a number of computer labs and Mac labs. The weight room offers high quality fitness and weight-lifting equipment. The gym features a rock climbing wall, and can be separated into three smaller gyms. Outside the building is a multi-purpose field and a track.

</doc>
<doc id="18599900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599900" title="Laurel, Washington">
Laurel, Washington

Laurel is an unincorporated community in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. It lies between the cities of Bellingham and Lynden. Today Laurel is included in the Lynden metropolitan statistical area. Laurel is landlocked.

</doc>
<doc id="18599919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599919" title="Ustedes los ricos">
Ustedes los ricos

Ustedes los ricos ("You, the Rich Ones") is a Mexican film made during the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. It is the second film in a trilogy. The first is "Nosotros los pobres" and the third is "Pepe El Toro". "Ustedes los ricos" stars Mexican actor/singer Pedro Infante as Pepe, with a cast – including Blanca Estela Pavón and Evita Muñoz "Chachita" – that is very well known in Mexico for working in several films from the Golden Age.
Synopsis.
The film tells the story of Pepe el Toro, the poor carpenter, his wife, and his daughter Chachita. It tells the story of the grandmother of Chachita, who wants Chachita to live with her and take her away from the poor neighborhood, because the grandmother, who is very rich, likes Chachita's personality.
The life of Pepe el Toro and his family is long to be prompted to be happy when they welcome a son that called "Torito", but then the father of Chachita appears alongside his mother. They want to Chachita to live with them so they can leave poverty, but she is not getting along with the rich comments over the poverty and also she is making friends with El Atarantado, a silly but loyal boy from the vicinity.
In the other side, Pepe get some jobs and soon is being pulled apart from his family by one of his old friends in jail, who is making him becoming closer to Ledo "El Tuerto" who has escaped from jail and wants to take revenge of losing his eye.
Finally Chachita decides to be closer to her family and leaves her natural family, her father, surprised to Chachita's action wants to leave his family and live with Chachita in poverty. When El Camello, a hunchback Lottery vendor learns that Lido is free and tries to tell Pepe, but is discovered by Lido's henchmen and throw him to the tramway rails just in the moment the tramway passes over his legs losing them in the process. In his agony he sees Pepe but he can not live enough to warn over the danger that is over his family and friends.
All the adults in the vicinity brings El Camello body to be buried, while this is happening, Lido set fire on Pepe's carpentry where Chachita and Torito are trapped, Chachita's father saves her life but he dies in the process while Torito is trapped in the fire. Pepe arrives too late to save the baby that is horribly burned to death. Some days later, Chachita goes to his grandmother home to seek councel from her, but she finds her also alone, because she finds that no one is really paying respects to her son and only wants to wait more money. In Pepe's house, he is crying over his dead son remembering all the happy moments that he shared with him, finally he went out to leave his kid with La Chorreada.
Just moments later, his friend makes him know about the guilty of the fire and guides him to the Energy Company building where he is confronted by Lido El Tuerto and his henchmen, a fight begins with Lido shooting at Pepe but he only hits him in an ear, then the fist fight turns to Lido's side, until one of his allies dies electrocuted when failing in a high voltage room. The fight continues and Lido and his partner is getting Pepe to the board of the roof, but Pepe is able to pull both Lido and his partner to make them fall to their death.
Some time later, a meeting is done to celebrate the new born kid of Pepe and La Chorreada. Chachita's grandmother decides to live with them as long as she learned her lesson that money does not bring love and everyone is happy again.

</doc>
<doc id="18599922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599922" title="Stati di immaginazione (album)">
Stati di immaginazione (album)

Stati d'immaginazione is a 2006 album by the Italian band Premiata Forneria Marconi (or PFM).
DVD.
The DVD's track list is similar to the CD. It also features images from cities, landscapes, cartoons and black and white scenes from the African native people.

</doc>
<doc id="18599929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599929" title="Jordan Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Jordan Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Jordan Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1960 census recorded a population of 90.
The township dissolved prior to the 1980 Census, when it was combined with Cedar Butte, Dakota, Kansas City, and Spring Butte Townships to form the Census-designated East Adams Unorganized Territory. As of the 1990 Census, the combined area had a population of 146.

</doc>
<doc id="18599930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599930" title="Neurobioengineering">
Neurobioengineering

In 1995, professor Massimo Grattarola of the Biophysics and Electrical Engineering Department (DIBE) at the University of Genova, in Genova, Italy, created an undergraduate and graduate program named neurobioengineering (also referred to as neuroengineering). The program was designed to amalgamate anthropomorphic robotics, artificial intelligence, bioelectronics, electrical engineering, molecular biology, physics, and medicine, into a single program with the aim of developing advanced bio-compatible neuro-prosthetic implants (man-machine interfacing) for a variety applications (e.g. nervous system interaction with artificial limbs, central and peripheral nervous system implants, directional neural grafting (neural engineering), electron harvesting from biological processes to power implanted devices, neural arrays cultured on CMOS sensors, etc.).
Neurobioengineering deals with the study and application of bio-compatible neuro-prosthetic implants, neural sensors and interfaces with the nervous system.
The goal of that branch is to develop a bio-artificial brain of cultured neurons capable of replicating human behaviour in an artificial robotic system. The European Union F.E.T. funded the neurobioengineering department to pursue this ambitious project.
History.
The neurobioengineering program spawned numerous journal publications by the departmental scientific pioneers (Dr. Marco Bove, Dr. Sergio Martinoia, Dr. Renato Zaccaria, and many others) and a university course textbook Bioelectronics, MOSFETS, Biosensors and Neurons published by Massimo Grattarola. Members of the department were collaborating with researchers throughout the European Union, Japan and North America. Students from throughout the European Union and Canada enrolled in the program.
Comparable international efforts.
At the time (1995), a small number of universities offered specialized bioelectronics and/or implantable neuro-prostheses-related research (but no specialized undergraduate programs) internationally for example: University of Utah, MIT, UCSF (United States); McGill University (Canada), among others.
First European School on Neuroengineering.
In 2003, following professor Grattarola's death, the University of Genova announced Europe's first neurobioengineering conference in his honour. The First European School on Neuroengineering 'Massimo Grattarola' was also founded in 2004, with the goal of establishing a long-term formal educational program to foster future pioneers in neurobioengineering.
In a state of transition, the neurobioengineering department renamed itself the neuroengineering and bio-nanotechnology group in 2005. By 2008, the core researchers of the original department had formalized the educational process into a formal long-term program at the University of Genova named School of Neuroengineering, fulfilling Massimo Grattarola's original ambitions, offering degrees in Humanoid Technologies.
The current and former neurobioengineering (or neuroengineering) students continue his research interests throughout Europe and North America, some of whom have established related businesses, or hold positions of authority in neuroscience/biomedical institutions worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18599942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599942" title="History of the National Hockey League (1967–1992)">
History of the National Hockey League (1967–1992)

The expansion era of the National Hockey League (NHL) began when six new teams were added for the 1967–68 season, ending the Original Six era. The six existing teams were grouped into the newly created East Division, and the expansion teams—the Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota North Stars, Oakland Seals, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and St. Louis Blues—formed the West Division.
The NHL added another six teams by 1974 to bring the league to 18 teams. This continued expansion was partially brought about by the creation of the World Hockey Association (WHA), which operated from 1972 until 1979 and sought to compete with the NHL for markets and players. Bobby Hull was the most famous player to defect to the rival league, signing a $2.75 million contract with the Winnipeg Jets. When the WHA ceased operations in 1979, the NHL absorbed four of the league's teams—the Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers, Quebec Nordiques and Winnipeg Jets. This brought the NHL to 21 teams (the Cleveland Barons had ceased operations in 1978), a figure that remained constant until the San Jose Sharks joined as an expansion franchise in 1991.
The NHL became involved in international play, starting with the Summit Series in 1972, which pitted the top Canadian players of the NHL against the top players of the Soviet Union. Canada won the eight-game series four wins to three with one tie. The success of the series led to the creation of the Canada Cup, held five times between 1976 and 1991. NHL teams also faced Soviet League teams that toured North America between 1975 and 1991 in what was known as the Super Series. The fall of the Iron Curtain in 1989 saw many former Soviet-Bloc players stream into the NHL, joining several players who had defected in the 1980s.
This was one of the highest scoring periods in NHL history. It was led in the 1980s by the Edmonton Oilers and Wayne Gretzky, who scored 200 points or more four times, including a current league-record 215 in 1985–86. Gretzky's 92 goals in 1981–82 also remains a league record. No other player in NHL history has scored 200 points, although Mario Lemieux came close in 1988–89 with 199.
Background.
Expansion had been a major topic of discussion among NHL owners since 1963, when William M. Jennings of the New York Rangers proposed adding two new teams on the West Coast to counter fears that the Western Hockey League intended to compete as a major league. After several years of discussion, the NHL announced in February 1966 that it would expand by six teams, doubling the league's size. The Los Angeles Kings, Minnesota North Stars, California Seals, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and St. Louis Blues began play in the 1967–68 season. They formed the newly created West Division, and the existing teams were grouped into the East Division. The playoff format was constructed so that an established team would face an expansion team in the Stanley Cup Finals. The Clarence S. Campbell Bowl was created in honour of league president Clarence Campbell, and was awarded to the West Division champion.
The new teams were stocked by the NHL's first expansion draft, as each team selected 20 players from the existing franchises. There was much debate over how many players each existing team could protect: the strongest clubs wished to protect more players, while the weaker clubs hoped that protecting fewer players would help improve the balance of competition. Montreal Canadiens manager Sam Pollock's suggestion to allow each team to protect eleven players to start, then add an additional player to their protected list for each player selected in the draft, was ultimately agreed to as a compromise solution. In addition, an "intra-league draft" was held following the 1968 and 1969 seasons to help accelerate the improvement of the expansion teams. Each team protected two goaltenders and fourteen skaters, leaving their remaining players open to be selected by any other team.
Some teams created instant farm systems by buying existing minor league franchises. The Kings bought the Springfield Indians of the American Hockey League the night before the expansion draft, leading the Flyers to purchase the Quebec Aces. Expansion also changed how the amateur draft was handled. The old system, in which franchises sponsored junior teams and players, was abandoned by 1969 when all junior-aged players were made eligible for the entry draft.
Expansion years.
In their inaugural season, the Flyers finished atop the West Division, recording 73 points in 74 games. The California Seals, a pre-season favourite to win the division, changed their name to the Oakland Seals a month into the season. The team disappointed both on the ice and at the gate, finishing last in the NHL with 14 wins. The Blues defeated the Flyers and North Stars to become the first expansion team to play for the Stanley Cup, where they were defeated in four consecutive games by the Canadiens. The Blues reached the finals again in both 1969 and 1970, but were similarly swept in both years, losing to the Canadiens and Boston Bruins, respectively.
On January 13, 1968, North Stars' rookie Bill Masterton became the first and, to date, only player to die as a result of injuries suffered during an NHL game. Early in a game against the Seals, Masterton was checked hard by two players, Ron Harris and Larry Cahan, causing him to flip over backwards and land on his head. He was rushed to hospital with massive head injuries, and died there two days later. The National Hockey League Writers Association presented the league with the Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy later in the season; the trophy is awarded annually to the player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship and dedication to hockey. Following Masterton's death, players slowly began wearing helmets; starting in the 1979–80 season, the league mandated that all players entering the league wear them.
Bobby Orr.
In the 1968–69 season, second-year defenceman Bobby Orr scored 21 goals, an NHL record for a defenceman, en route to winning his first of eight consecutive Norris Trophies as the league's top defenceman. At the same time, Orr's teammate, Phil Esposito, became the first player in league history to score 100 points in a season, finishing with 126 points. He was one of three players to break the century mark that year, including Bobby Hull and 41-year old Gordie Howe.
A gifted scorer, Orr revolutionized defencemen's impact on the offensive side of the game, as blue-liners began to be judged on how well they created goals in addition to how well they prevented them. Orr scored the Stanley-Cup-winning goal in overtime of the fourth game against the Blues in 1970, which gave the Bruins their first championship in 29 years. The goal was highlighted by his famous flight through the air after being tripped up following his shot. Orr twice won the Art Ross Trophy as the NHL's leading scorer, still the only defenceman in NHL history to do so. His plus/minus of +124 in 1970–71 is a league record. Orr signed a five-year contract that paid him $200,000 per season in 1971, the first $1 million contract in league history.
Chronic knee problems plagued Orr throughout his career. In 1972, he tore ligaments in his left knee after a hard hit, leading to the first of six knee operations. He played 12 seasons in the NHL before injuries forced his retirement in 1978. Orr finished with 270 goals and 915 points in 657 games and won the Hart Memorial Trophy as the league's Most Valuable Player three times. The customary three-year post-retirement waiting period for entry into the Hockey Hall of Fame was waived as he was enshrined in 1979.
Buffalo and Vancouver.
In Canada, there was widespread outrage over the denial of an expansion team to Vancouver in 1967. Three years later, the NHL added a third Canadian team when the Vancouver Canucks, formerly of the Western Hockey League, were admitted as an expansion team for the 1970–71 season, along with the Buffalo Sabres, another team whose owners had bid unsuccessfully for an expansion team in 1967. The Canucks were placed in the East Division, despite being on the west coast, while the Chicago Black Hawks were shifted to the West in an attempt to equalize the divisions' strength. The league also gave the Sabres and Canucks the first two picks in each round of the 1970 NHL Amateur Draft, offering them a better opportunity to build their rosters than the 1967 expansion teams had. Buffalo's first round pick was Gilbert Perreault, a future Hall of Famer who would play seventeen seasons in Buffalo.
Before the 1971–72 season, Gordie Howe and Jean Beliveau announced their retirements. Beliveau finished his 18-year career with 10 Stanley Cups, 2 Hart Trophies and 1,219 career points; his points total was the second-highest in NHL history. After playing 25 seasons in the NHL, Howe retired as the league's all-time leader in games played, goals, assists and points. Howe was a six-time league scoring champion, and also won six Hart Trophies. Both players had the customary three-year waiting period waived for entry into the Hockey Hall of Fame in acknowledgement of their achievements.
World Hockey Association.
In 1972, the NHL faced competition from the newly formed World Hockey Association (WHA). The WHA lured many players away from the NHL, including Derek Sanderson, J. C. Tremblay and Ted Green. The WHA's biggest coup was to lure Bobby Hull from the Black Hawks to play for the Winnipeg Jets. Hull signed a 10-year deal: five years as a player for $250,000 per season, and five more for $100,000 per season in a front-office position. It also included a $1 million signing bonus. The deal totaled $2.7 million, and lent instant credibility to the new league. After Hull signed, several other players quickly followed suit. Bernie Parent, Gerry Cheevers, Johnny McKenzie and Rick Ley jumped to the WHA as the NHL suddenly found itself in a war for talent. By the time the 1972–73 WHA season began, 67 players had switched from the NHL to the WHA. Defections continued following the season, and the WHA scored another major coup when it signed Gordie Howe's sons Mark and Marty. The league then convinced Gordie to come out of retirement to play with them on the Houston Aeros.
The NHL tried to block several of the defections. The Bruins attempted to restrain Cheevers and Sanderson from joining the WHA, though a United States federal court refused to prohibit the signings. The Black Hawks were successful in having a restraining order filed against Hull and the Jets pending the outcome of legal action the Black Hawks were taking against the WHA. The WHA was eager for the court action, intending to challenge the legality of the reserve clause, which bound a player to their NHL team until that team released him. In November 1972, a Philadelphia district court placed an injunction against the NHL, preventing it from enforcing the reserve clause and freeing all players who had restraining orders against them, including Hull, to play with their WHA clubs. The decision effectively ended the NHL's monopoly on major league professional hockey talent.
The NHL also found itself competing with the WHA for markets. Initially, the league had no intention to expand past 14 teams, but the threat the WHA posed changed this. Hoping to keep the WHA out of the newly completed Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York and the Omni Coliseum in Atlanta, Georgia, the league hastily announced the creation of the New York Islanders and Atlanta Flames as 1972 expansion teams. Following the 1972–73 season, the NHL announced it was further expanding to 18-teams for the 1974–75 season, adding the Kansas City Scouts and Washington Capitals. In just eight years, the NHL had tripled in size to 18 teams.
Summit Series.
Internationally, Canada had long been protesting the Soviet Union's use of "professional amateurs" at the World Championships and the Olympic Games, which were amateur events. Canada withdrew from international competition in 1969 and boycotted the 1972 Olympic hockey tournament. As an alternative, NHL Players' Association executive director Alan Eagleson negotiated a deal with Soviet authorities to hold an eight-game series between the Soviet national team and Canada's top professionals.
The tournament was the NHL's response to the defection of players to the WHA. Bobby Hull was barred from playing, as was any other player who signed a contract with the rival league, which was a heavily criticized move. Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau sent a telegram to NHL president Clarence Campbell, expressing his "intense interest which I share with millions of Canadians ... that Canada should be represented by its best hockey players, including Bobby Hull". Echoing the feelings of the public, Hull called the decision "crazy", and stated that "I'm a Canadian and I want to play for my country. I don't know why the NHL has to be so petty over this. I want to do this for Canada." The NHL did not relent.
The series was tied at three wins apiece and a tie entering the eighth and deciding game, with millions of Canadians watching "the game of the century". With the game tied at five late in the third, the Soviets were met with a concerted Canadian attack in the final seven minutes. With 34 seconds remaining in the game, Esposito took a shot at Vladislav Tretiak from 12 feet out. Paul Henderson scooped up the rebound and put it past the fallen Soviet goalie to score the goal that won the game, 6–5, and the series. Later, Alexander Yakolev, the former Soviet ambassador to Canada, argued that the Summit Series planted the seeds of glasnost and perestroika in the Soviet Union, as it was one of the first times that the Soviet people had seen so many foreigners who had not come to do harm, but to share in the game.
Legacy.
The series forced the NHL and the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association to reassess all aspects of how the game was played in North America. Journalist Herb Pinder described the NHL to that point in this way: "The Europeans took our game and evolved it, while we stood still or even went backwards. The Russians had a style, and the Czechs' style was different from that ... There was this hockey world evolving through international competition, and we're back here, "stuck", just playing ourselves. It was a business monopoly. And like any monopoly, the NHL got stagnant." Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, Canadian hockey encouraged the adoption of new coaching and training methods used in Europe, and emphasized conditioning and skills development.
The NHL took a greater interest in international play. The Canada Cup, a tournament that featured the top professional players in the world, was held first in 1976, and then four more times until 1991. It was succeeded by the World Cup of Hockey in 1996. Beginning in 1975, Soviet club teams began touring North America, playing NHL clubs in exhibition games that were known as the Super Series. The Calgary Flames and Washington Capitals similarly toured the Soviet Union in 1989 in the first "Friendship Series". The Soviet national team defeated an NHL all-star team in a 1979 challenge series, two games to one, and split Rendez-vous '87, a two-game series held in Quebec City.
1970s.
Broad Street Bullies.
The 1970s were associated with aggressive, and often violent, play. Known as the "", the Philadelphia Flyers are the most famous example of this style. The Flyers established league records for penalty minutes—Dave "the Hammer" Schultz's total of 472 in 1974–75 remains a league record—and ended up in courtrooms multiple times when players went into the stands to challenge fans who got involved. One such incident occurred in Vancouver in December 1972, when a fan reached over the glass to pull the hair of Don Saleski, who had a chokehold on Vancouver's Barry Wilkins. Bobby Taylor and several Flyers teammates followed the fan into the stands. The next time Philadelphia went to Vancouver, several players were brought before the courts on charges that ranged from use of obscene language to common assault. Six players were fined, and Taylor received a 30-day suspended sentence. Despite these incidents, the Flyers won: they captured the 1974 Stanley Cup, becoming the first expansion team to win the league championship, and repeated as champions in 1975.
In 1975, Soviet club teams began to tour North America in the first Super Series. The Canadiens played Central Red Army to a 3–3 draw on New Year's Eve 1975, in a game that is considered one of the finest ever played. Red Army lost only one of four games against the NHL in the first tour, a 4–1 defeat to Philadelphia, who intimidated them as the Flyers did to their NHL opponents. At one point, Red Army threatened to forfeit the game after Ed Van Impe decked Valeri Kharlamov. Red Army was persuaded to complete the game after Alan Eagleson threatened to withhold their appearance fee if the team did not return to the ice. Super Series games continued until 1991, when Soviet players were allowed to enter the NHL after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
End of the two-league era.
On February 7, 1976, Maple Leafs star Darryl Sittler set an NHL record, scoring 10 points in one game in an 11–4 victory over the Bruins. His six-goal, four-assist effort broke Maurice Richard's record of eight points in a game. The game came shortly after the Bruins lured Gerry Cheevers back from the WHA, though Cheevers was given an extra night to rest, and rookie Dave Reece was the victim of all 11 Toronto goals. It was his 14th, and final, NHL game.
By 1976, both leagues were dealing with serious financial problems. Talks of a merger between the NHL and the WHA were growing. Bobby Hull declared that a merger was "inevitable", though WHA president Bill MacFarland stated that his league had no interest in joining with the NHL. In 1976, for the first time in four decades, the NHL approved franchise relocations; the Scouts moved after just two years in Kansas City to Denver to become the Colorado Rockies, while the California Golden Seals became the Cleveland Barons. In its wake, the league quietly shelved provisional expansion franchises granted to Seattle and Denver to take place in the 1977 season. Two years later, after failed overtures towards merging the Barons with Washington and Vancouver, they merged with the Minnesota North Stars, reducing the NHL to 17 teams for 1978–79.
The WHA's last triumph was to lure junior prodigy Wayne Gretzky to their league in 1978–79. Nelson Skalbania, owner of the Indianapolis Racers and part owner of the Edmonton Oilers, was convinced to sign Gretzky to play for the Racers. The 17-year old Gretzky scored 110 points in his first professional season, split between the Racers and the Oilers.
The move towards a merger picked up in 1977 when John Ziegler succeeded Campbell as NHL president. After several years of negotiations, WHA owners thought they had an agreement in March 1979. The motion to merge failed when supporters in the NHL lost by one vote. Word got out that the Montreal Canadiens, owned by Molson Brewery, and the Vancouver Canucks, who served Molson products at their games, had voted against the merger. Fans across Canada quickly organized a boycott of Molson products, while the House of Commons unanimously passed a motion urging the NHL to reconsider. Another vote was held, and both Montreal and Vancouver switched their votes, allowing the motion to pass. The WHA folded following the 1978–79 season, and the Edmonton Oilers, New England Whalers, Quebec Nordiques and Winnipeg Jets joined the NHL as expansion teams.
Twenty-one teams.
The merger brought Gordie Howe back to the NHL for one final season in 1979–80. At age 51, Howe played all 80 games for the Whalers, scoring 15 goals to bring his NHL career total to 801. He entered his second retirement as the league's all-time scoring leader with 1,850 points. Howe's final season was also the last for the Atlanta Flames. The team averaged an attendance of only 9,800 fans per game and lost over $2 million in 1979–80. They were sold for a record $16 million, and relocated north to become the Calgary Flames in 1980–81. Two years later, the Rockies were sold for $30 million, and left Denver to become the New Jersey Devils for the 1982–83 season.
The St. Louis Blues nearly relocated to Saskatoon in 1983, as Bill Hunter, an original investor in the WHA, announced an intention to purchase and relocate the team. Hunter quickly convinced 18,000 people to commit to season tickets in a proposed arena for the city. The other team owners rejected the sale and relocation by a 15–3 vote, prompting the Blues' owner, Ralston Purina, to file a $60 million anti-trust lawsuit against the league. Both the league as a whole and the individual teams filed $78 million counter suits against Purina. As part of the conflict, Purina turned the team over to the NHL at the beginning of June 1983 to "operate, sell or dispose of in whatever manner the league desires", while the Blues refused to participate in the 1983 NHL Entry Draft, forfeiting all of their draft picks. By the end of July, the league had sold the team to Harry Ornest, who vowed the team would remain in St. Louis. Ralston Purina and the NHL settled their legal issues in 1985, though terms of the settlements were not released.
In 1980, the New York Islanders won their first of four consecutive Stanley Cups. With the likes of Billy Smith, Mike Bossy, Denis Potvin, and Bryan Trottier, the Islanders dominated both the regular season and the playoffs. In 1981, Bossy became the first player to score 50 goals in 50 games since Maurice Richard in 1945. In 1982–83, the Edmonton Oilers won the regular season championship. The Islanders and Oilers met in the Finals and New York swept Edmonton for their last Stanley Cup. They were the second franchise to win four straight championships, after the Canadiens. The 1984 playoffs would be the site of the infamous Good Friday Massacre between the Quebec Nordiques and the Montreal Canadiens.
The following season, the Oilers and Islanders met again in the playoffs. The Oilers won the rematch in five games, marking the start of another dynasty. Led by Wayne Gretzky and Mark Messier, the Oilers won five Stanley Cup championships between 1984 and 1990. The Oilers won two consecutive Cups in the 1983–84 and 1984–85 seasons, and in the 1986–87 and 1987–88 seasons. They also won a Cup in the 1989–90 season. The Oilers' Cup streaks were interrupted in the 1985–86 and 1988–89 seasons by two other Canadian teams. Edmonton's hopes for a third consecutive title in 1986 were dashed by their provincial rival, the Calgary Flames, after Oilers' rookie Steve Smith accidentally bounced the series-winning goal off goaltender Grant Fuhr and into his own net. Smith's error remains one of the most legendary blunders in hockey history. The Flames were defeated by the Canadiens in the finals, as rookie goaltender Patrick Roy led Montreal to their 23rd Stanley Cup. The 1989 final was a rematch between the Flames and the Canadiens and was won by Calgary, which captured its only championship in franchise history. The Flames also became the only team to defeat the Montreal Canadiens for the Stanley Cup at the Montreal Forum.
The 21-team era ended in 1990, when the league revealed ambitious plans to double league revenues from $400 million within a decade and bring the NHL to 28 franchises during that period. The NHL quickly announced three new teams: The San Jose Sharks, who began play in the 1991–92 season, and the Ottawa Senators and Tampa Bay Lightning, who followed a year later.
The Sharks' creation forestalled a unilateral franchise move by North Stars owners George and Gordon Gund to the San Francisco Bay Area. A settlement with the league granted them the expansion franchise, while they sold the North Stars to Howard Baldwin's group in 1990. Prior to the 1991-92 season, the Sharks and North Stars participated in a unique expansion draft, which saw San Jose select unprotected players from Minnesota (including future All-Star goalie Arturs Irbe) before both teams picked players from the remainder of the league. The Sharks would struggle in their inaugural season, finishing with a league-low 17 wins and 39 points while playing out of the Cow Palace, while the North Stars (who were sold again, to Norman Green, during the 1990-91 season) would make the playoffs for what proved to be the final time before their eventual relocation to Dallas in 1993.
Wayne Gretzky.
In the latter part of the 1980s, the Oilers won five Stanley Cup titles in seven years, becoming the only team to score 400 or more goals in a season, which they did four times. With future Hall of Famers Grant Fuhr, Paul Coffey, Jari Kurri, Mark Messier, and Glenn Anderson, they established numerous new scoring records.
The Oilers were led by Wayne Gretzky, who remained with the Oilers when they joined the NHL in 1979. At and , some observers doubted that Gretzky could match his offensive performance from his lone WHA season. "I heard a lot of talk then that I'd never get 110 points like I did in the WHA," said Gretzky. He proved his critics wrong, scoring 137 points in 1979–80 and winning the first of nine Hart Trophies (including 8 consecutive awards from 1980–1988) as the NHL's most valuable player. Over the next several seasons, Gretzky established new highs in goals scored in a season, with 92 in the 1981–82 season; in assists, with 163 in the 1985–86; and in total points, with 215 in 1985–86. He also scored 50 goals in 39 games, the fastest any player had reached the total in a single season. Gretzky scored his 1,000th NHL point in his 424th game, breaking Guy Lafleur's old record of 720 games.
Gretzky's teammates set records of their own. Fuhr's 14 assists in the 1983–84 season set a record for most points by a goaltender in a season. In 1985–86, Coffey set a record for the most goals in a season by a defenceman, with 48. Adding 90 assists, Coffey wound up a point short of tying Bobby Orr's record for most points in a season by a blue-liner.
On August 9, 1988, Oilers owner Peter Pocklington, in financial trouble, traded Gretzky, along with Marty McSorley and Mike Krushelnyski, to the Los Angeles Kings in exchange for Jimmy Carson, Martin Gelinas, US$15 million and three first-round draft picks. Gretzky left Edmonton with a tear-filled news conference, and later said that Edmonton was the only place he ever dreaded playing. Gretzky's trade to the Kings popularized ice hockey in the United States, making hockey "cool" in Hollywood, and shocked fans across Canada. The Kings were the most popular Los Angeles sports team, and Gretzky's fame rivaled that of his peers with baseball's Los Angeles Dodgers and basketball's Los Angeles Lakers.
With the Kings, Gretzky broke Gordie Howe's record for career points. On October 15, 1989, against his former Oilers' teammates, and with Howe in attendance, Gretzky tied the record with a first period assist before notching his 1,851st career point with a third period goal. "An award such as this takes a lot of teamwork and help and both teams here today definitely have a part of the 1,851 ." said Gretzky.
Fall of the Iron Curtain.
While European-born players were a part of the NHL since its founding, it was still rare to see them in the league until 1980. The WHA turned to the previously overlooked European market in search for talent, signing players from Finland and Sweden. Anders Hedberg, Lars-Erik Sjoberg and Ulf Nilsson signed with the Jets in 1974 and thrived in North America, both in the WHA and later the NHL. The Jets won three of the six remaining WHA championships after signing European players, and their success sparked similar signings league-wide.
Borje Salming was the first European star in the NHL. He signed with the Maple Leafs in 1973, and played 16 seasons in the NHL, retiring in 1990. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1996. His fellow Swede, Pelle Lindbergh, was one of the top goaltenders in the world in the early 1980s. He led the Flyers to the 1985 Stanley Cup Finals before dying in a car accident during the 1985–86 season. Finns Jari Kurri and Esa Tikkanen helped lead the Oilers dynasty of the 1980s.
While the WHA opened the door, and players slowly joined the NHL, those behind the Iron Curtain were restricted from following suit. In 1980, Peter Stastny, his wife, and his brother Anton secretly fled Czechoslovakia with the aid of Nordiques owner Marcel Aubut. The Stastnys' defection made international headlines, and contributed to the first wave of Eastern Europeans' entrance into the NHL. Hoping that they would one day be permitted to play in the NHL, teams drafted Soviet players in the 1980s, 27 in all by the 1988 draft. However, defection was the only way such players could join the teams that drafted them. Michal Pivonka defected from Czechoslovakia in 1986, while Russian Alexander Mogilny defected following the 1989 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships in Anchorage, Alaska. Czech teenager Petr Nedved walked into a Calgary police station in January 1989 after playing in the Mac's AAA midget hockey tournament.
Shortly before the end of the 1988–89 regular season, Flames general manager Cliff Fletcher announced that he had reached an agreement with Soviet authorities that allowed Sergei Pryakhin to play in North America. It was the first time a member of the Soviet national team was permitted to play for a non-Soviet team. Shortly after, Soviet players began to flood into the NHL. Teams anticipated that there would be an influx of Soviet players in the 1990s, as 18 Soviets were selected in the 1989 NHL Entry Draft. The entire "KLM" line, the Soviet team's top line, joined the NHL in 1989 as Vladimir Krutov and Igor Larionov played for the Canucks, while Sergei Makarov went to Calgary. Makarov won the Calder Memorial Trophy as rookie of the year in 1990, a selection that caused controversy; he was 32 years old and had played 11 pro seasons in the Soviet League. In the wake of the controversy, the NHL amended its rules: players over the age of 26 were no longer considered for the award. The fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the demise of the Iron Curtain paved the way for more Eastern European players to play in North America. Only six European players were selected at the 1979 NHL Entry Draft. That number increased to 32 in 1989, while a record 123 Europeans were drafted in 2000. Europeans made up 25.8% of the NHL in 2007–08, totalling 243 players.
Rules and innovations.
The early 1980s saw many tie games. The 1982–83 North Stars and Capitals both finished with 16 ties in 80 games, while 17 of 21 teams tied 10 or more games. The season before, the North Stars recorded 20 ties. As a result of the frequent ties, the NHL reintroduced overtime for the 1983–84 season. The effect was immediate, as only seven teams had ten or more ties. Before its discontinuation during World War II, the NHL played a full 10-minute overtime period. The modern overtime format was set as a five-minute, sudden death period; the game ended when either team scored.
The NHL changed its divisional alignment and playoff formats numerous times as it grew. The league's doubling in 1967 also led to the expansion of the playoffs to eight teams from four the previous year. Expansion to 18 teams in 1974 caused the league to realign into two conferences and four divisions, each named after important figures in league history. The teams were split into the Campbell Conference, consisting of the Patrick and Smythe divisions, and the Prince of Wales Conference, consisting of the Adams and Norris divisions. The playoffs were expanded to 12 teams, and each division winner was granted a bye in the first round of the playoffs. The addition of the four WHA teams in 1979 saw the playoffs expanded to 16 teams. Finally, in 1981, the league realigned all teams by geography. Eastern teams played in the Adams and Patrick divisions of the Wales Conference, and Western teams played in the Norris and Smythe divisions of the Campbell Conference. In addition, the playoff format was changed to have the top four teams in each division qualify rather than the top 16 teams overall. The first two playoff rounds were played entirely within each division. This format lasted until 1993.
Entry Draft.
During the late 1960s, the concept of sponsoring junior players and teams had been dismantled, meaning that for the 1969 NHL Amateur Draft, every player aged 20 or above was eligible to be selected. The Montreal Canadiens, however, exercised a special "cultural option" that allowed them to select two players of French-Canadian heritage, before any other players were selected. These players counted as Montreal's first two choices. After the Canadiens took Rejean Houle and Marc Tardif, the rest of the league voted to end the rule in 1970, just before future star Gilbert Perreault was selected first in the 1970 expansion draft by the Buffalo Sabres.
In 1974, Sabres general manager Punch Imlach decided to play a joke on the league during the draft. He selected Taro Tsujimoto of the "Tokyo Katanas" with his 11th round pick. Other teams were shocked that the Sabres had scouted for players in Japan, and the league made the pick official. Weeks later, Imlach admitted that he made the player up, choosing the name out of a phone book.
The league reformatted the Amateur Draft into the NHL Entry Draft in 1979 and simultaneously lowered the draft age to 19. It was first opened to the public in 1980, when 2,500 fans attended the draft in the Montreal Forum. The public draft has grown such that it is now held annually in NHL arenas and televised internationally.
Timeline.
"Notes"

</doc>
<doc id="18599976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18599976" title="Mistick, Massachusetts">
Mistick, Massachusetts

Mistick, Massachusetts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18600002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600002" title="Lisa Garza">
Lisa Garza

Lisa Garza (born 1976) is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, and television personality. She owns SUZE restaurant in Dallas, TX.

</doc>
<doc id="18600019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600019" title="Achnatherum diegoense">
Achnatherum diegoense

Achnatherum diegoense is a species of grass known by the common name San Diego needlegrass. It is native to southern California, where it is known from San Diego and Ventura Counties and the Channel Islands, and Baja California. It is a resident of chaparral and coastal sage scrub ecosystems below 350 feet in elevation, especially near streams. This is a bunching perennial grass reaching heights between 110 and 140 centimeters. The inflorescence is up to about 25 centimeters long. The hairy spikelet is about a centimeter long not counting the long awn, which can be up to 5 centimeters long and has two distinct kinks.

</doc>
<doc id="18600024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600024" title="Floating Battery of Charleston Harbor">
Floating Battery of Charleston Harbor

The Floating Battery of Charleston Harbor was an ironclad vessel that was constructed by the Confederacy in early 1861, a few months before the American Civil War ignited. Apart from being a marvel to contemporary Charlestonians, it was a strategic naval artillery platform that took part in the bombardment of Fort Sumter on April 12 and April 13, 1861, making it the first floating battery to engage in hostilities during the Civil War.
Background.
Following the November 6, 1860, election of Abraham Lincoln, there was a popular outcry for secession in Charleston, South Carolina. Relations between the local citizens and the U.S. Army forces that occupied various posts around the Charleston harbor area began to deteriorate. On November 8, Colonel John L. Gardner, federal garrison commander, angered Charlestonians when he attempted to remove all of the small-arms ammunition from the Charleston Arsenal. Gardner attempted to pacify the angry crowd by returning the ammunition which may have saved him at the time but he would eventually be relieved of his command for his actions nonetheless. Governor F. W. Pickens ordered South Carolina State troops to stand guard over the arsenal. When the new garrison commander, Major Robert Anderson, sent Captain J. G. Foster to get 100 muskets for the workmen of Castle Pinckney and Fort Sumter, he was flatly refused by Colonel B. H. Huger who cited that special orders from Washington would be necessary.
Maj. Anderson consolidated the majority of his troops at Fort Moultrie but found this to be a poorly defensible position. Sand dunes rose almost to the height of the parapet walls on the inland side and neighboring houses towered above the fort walls affording too many opportunities for militia sharpshooters. Following the December 20 secession of South Carolina from the Union, Anderson planned an evacuation across the harbor channel to Ft. Sumter. State troops sounded alarms on the morning of December 27 when they discovered that Anderson's forces had abandoned Ft. Moultrie during the evening of December 26, spiking the guns and setting fire to the gun carriages before the last troops left. This infuriated the citizens of Charleston who viewed the evacuation and destruction as a breach of good faith. Governor Pickens ordered that all remaining federal positions except Ft. Sumter were to be seized. State troops quickly occupied Ft. Moultrie (capturing 56 guns), Ft. Johnson, and the Morris Island Battery. At about 4 p.m. on December 27, an assault force of 150 men seized the Union-occupied Castle Pinckney fortification capturing 24 guns and mortars without bloodshed. On December 30, the federal arsenal was captured with the Union crew held in their quarters. The capture from the arsenal was massive with more than 22,000 ordnance pieces being appropriated by the militia.
The Confederates promptly made repairs, unspiked the guns, built new gun carriages, and reinforced the fortifications at Ft. Moultrie. Dozens of new batteries and defense positions were constructed throughout the Charleston harbor area and armed with weapons captured from the arsenal. Intent on gaining a strategic advantage in artillery position, the Confederates adopted the contemporary military idea of implementing floating batteries. The French Navy had enjoyed success using floating batteries in the Battle of Kinburn (1855) to demolish Russian forts during the Crimean War.
Construction.
The battery was constructed on the waterfront of Charleston, South Carolina in view of the Union forces at Ft. Sumter near the mouth of Charleston harbor. Construction began in January 1861, under the leadership of Lieutenant John R. Hamilton formerly an officer in the United States Navy and the son of a former governor of South Carolina. Built of pine heartwood logs sawn twelve inches (305 mm) square, it was buttressed by palmetto logs on the bow and the exterior of the vessel was clad in two layers of railroad iron vertically and four layers of boiler iron horizontally. Its dimensions were approximately twenty-five feet wide by one hundred feet long. The massive front bow of the battery resembled a peaked barn to onlookers who branded it with that nickname. Along the barn face were four evenly-spaced casemate windows suitable for the naval guns to fire through. The battery's armament consisted of two 42 lb and two 32 lb naval artillery guns. A detailed drawing by a Confederate officer illustrates the guns (the fourth is not depicted). To offset the weight of the barn with the armament added, the vessel was counterbalanced at the rear with 6 ft. thick sandbag emplacements along the length of the stern. The powder magazines were below the sandbags while shot was stored behind the guns in covered bins beneath the deck. Positioned behind the stern and on its own separate raft was a small floating hospital.
The March 30, 1861, issue of Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper contains a detailed sketch of the hospital interior. There appears to be at least eight hospital beds and two operating tables. Access was gained by a steeply-angled staircase through a hatch in the roof. A framed wooden door allowed for entry and exit on the starboard side of the hospital closer to the waterline while two framed glass sash windows allowed in light on the port side. Window casements framed into the roof allowed for some additional light and ventilation.
Reaction.
Captain John G. Foster, a Union Army engineering officer observing from Fort Sumter, wrote reports to his superiors about the progress of the battery construction. Foster's assessment of the battery was dismissive, “...I think it can be destroyed by our fire before it has time to do much damage...” and he followed a few days later with, “...I do not think this floating battery will prove very formidable...” Nonetheless, his superior, Major Robert Anderson was apprehensive enough that he inquired for specific instructions from Washington regarding the threat of the battery. He was instructed that if he became convinced that the battery was advanced for the purpose of immediate attack then he would be justified in firing on it but if it was only being moved for the purposes of general emplacement that he should exercise forbearance.
Members of the Confederate crew were apprehensive about the battery as well but for different reasons. Some of them feared that it would capsize and began referring to it as "the slaughter pen". Union soldiers glibly named it "the raft". Crowds gathered on the waterfront of Charleston to marvel at and celebrate the completed battery in ceremony on March 15 despite cold weather. A Seven gun salute was fired to honor the seven states that had already seceded and after a pause, an additional gun was fired on behalf of Arkansas whose secession was pending. Public reaction in the North to the floating battery was as marked as had been their Southern counterparts' enthusiasm. The New York Herald invited readers to visit their offices so they could see a palmetto log similar to those used in the battery. The Herald also posted that another log had been brought north to sell to showman P.T. Barnum but that Barnum had balked at the $150 asking price.
Bombardment of Fort Sumter.
Sometime in the dark hours between April 9 and April 10, the battery was towed and emplaced near the western end of Sullivan's Island by order of Brigadier General P. G. T. Beauregard. It was manned by members of Company D of the South Carolina Artillery Battalion and commanded by Capt. Hamilton. On April 12, Hamilton's floating battery commenced in a 34 hour intermittent artillery siege against Union army forces occupying Ft. Sumter.
The battery was struck several times by artillery fire from Ft. Sumter. According to Appleton's Annual Cyclopædia, "... The guns that bore on the three batteries at the west end of 'Sullivan's Island' were 10 32-pounders, situated on the left face, and on at the pan-coupe of the salient angle, (four embrasures being bricked up.)" By midday, a shortage of cartridges in Ft. Sumter forced the Union troops to lower the number of guns to only two in active battery against the batteries at the western end of Sullivan's Island. "The so-called 'floating battery' was struck very frequently by shot, one of them penetrating at the angle between the front and the roof, entirely through the iron covering and wood work beneath, and wounding one man. The rest of the 32-pounder balls failed to penetrate the front or the roof, but were deflected from their surfaces, which were arranged at a suitable angle for this purpose." The damage was considered minimal and with Maj. Anderson's surrender of Ft. Sumter, the Confederates and the crew of Hamilton's floating battery were victorious. Newspapers and magazines proliferated details of the battle and surrender. "On Friday, 12th, at 27 minutes past 4 A. M., General Beauregard, in accordance with instructions received on Wednesday from the Secretary of War of the Southern Confederacy, opened fire upon Fort Sumter. Forts Johnson and Moultrie, the iron battery at Cumming's Point, and the Stevens Floating Battery, kept up an active cannonade during the entire day, and probably during the past night. The damage done to Fort Sumter is stated by the Confederate authorities to have been considerable. Guns had been dismounted, and a part of the parapet swept away." - "Harper's Weekly "
Beauregard commended Capt. Hamilton in his battle report written at the Provisional Army Headquarters, Charleston, S.C., April 27, 1861. He wrote "...I would also mention in the highest terms of praise Captains Calhoun and Hallonquist, assistant commandants of batteries to Colonel Ripley; and the following commanders of batteries on Sullivan's Island: Capt. J. R. Hamilton, commanding the floating battery and Dahlgren gun; Captains Butler, South Carolina Army, and Bruns, aide-de-camp to General Dunovant, and Lieutenants Wagner, Rhett, Yates, Valentine, and Parker."
Fate.
Damage was assessed with reports and twenty-two photographs “showing the condition of Forts Sumter and Moultrie and of the floating battery after the surrender of the former fort” and sent to LeRoy Pope Walker, Secretary of War for the Confederate States of America, in Montgomery, Alabama on April 27, 1861. Details of the battery's history beyond this point are somewhat elusive. According to a Coast and Geodetic Survey chart of 1863, the battery is depicted as anchored in the harbor between Middle Ground and Ft. Johnson but later charts rendered in 1865 do not indicate the existence of the battery. The Confederates apparently ended up stripping the iron off the battery at some point to construct a navigable ironclad. There may be evidence that the dismantled battery broke up later during a storm as early as the latter part of 1863. One diarist, serving on Morris Island, wrote that they had a shortage of fuel until one morning after a storm when they found logs purportedly from the battery washed up on the beach. In 1865, a visitor to Charleston described the harbor entrance with this description, "... Just beyond the ruin (of Ft. Sumter) at the left, lies the wreck of the famous old floating battery ... A portion of one of its sides, with four portholes visible, still remains above the water. ..."

</doc>
<doc id="18600054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600054" title="Citharomantis">
Citharomantis

Citharomantis falcata is a species of praying mantis native to Sumatra and Borneo. It is the sole member of its genus and is related to the genus "Acromantis" (Saussure, 1870). 

</doc>
<doc id="18600121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600121" title="List of the busiest airports in Africa">
List of the busiest airports in Africa

This is a list of the busiest airports in Africa by passengers per year.

</doc>
<doc id="18600139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600139" title="Tyler Polumbus">
Tyler Polumbus

Tyler Polumbus (born April 10, 1985) is an American football offensive tackle for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at the University of Colorado at Boulder.
He has also been a member of the Detroit Lions and Seattle Seahawks.
Early years.
Polumbus played football for Cherry Creek High School in Englewood, Colorado. He was named a SuperPrep All-American in 2002.
College career.
From 2003 to 2007 Polumbus played for the University of Colorado. After his senior year, league coaches named Polumbus All-Big 12 second team.
Professional career.
Denver Broncos.
On April 29, 2008, the Denver Broncos signed Polumbus as an undrafted free agent. He made his NFL debut in Week 1 against the Oakland Raiders. He finished the 2008 season playing in all 16 games as a backup lineman.
Polumbus had his first career start in Week 9 against the Pittsburgh Steelers. By the end of the season, he had played in 15 games and started eight of them.
Polumbus was waived on August 24, 2010.
Detroit Lions.
Polumbus was claimed off waivers by the Detroit Lions on August 25, 2010.
Seattle Seahawks.
On August 31, 2010, the Lions traded Polumbus to the Seattle Seahawks for an undisclosed draft pick. He started at left tackle his first two games in place of injured Russell Okung. He played in 15 games, starting 7 of them, by the end of the 2010 season.
After playing five games in the 2011 season, the Seahawks waived him on October 25, 2011.
Washington Redskins.
On November 9, 2011, the Washington Redskins signed Polumbus to the 53-man roster.
In Week 11 against the Dallas Cowboys, Polumbus would start as the left guard subbing in for Maurice Hurt. Polumbus would unexpectedly start as the right tackle in Week 15 after Jammal Brown suffered a groin injury during pre-game warmups.
At the end of the 2011 season, he played a total of five games, starting four of them.
During 2012 training camp, Polumbus split snaps at right tackle with Maurice Hurt and Willie Smith after Jammal Brown was placed on the physically unable to perform (PUP) list. After starting at right tackle during the first three preseason games, he was officially announced as the starting right tackle for the opening of the 2012 season after Brown had hip surgery on August 27. On October 26, Polumbus was fined $7,875 for a leg whip in Week 7. In Week 15 against the Cleveland Browns, he was forced to leave the game early after suffering a concussion. He would miss the next game against the Philadelphia Eagles due to this concussion.
Set to become a free agent in the 2013 season, Polumbus agreed to a new two-year contract with the Redskins on March 18, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18600180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600180" title="Shalu District">
Shalu District

Shalu District () is a suburban district in central Taichung City, Taiwan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18600186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600186" title="Wild Geese Calling">
Wild Geese Calling

Wild Geese Calling is a 1941 film made by 20th Century-Fox, directed by John Brahm and starring Henry Fonda and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Horace McCoy, based on a novel by Stewart Edward White. The music score is by Alfred Newman.

</doc>
<doc id="18600198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600198" title="Achnatherum latiglume">
Achnatherum latiglume

Achnatherum latiglume is a species of grass known by the common names wide-glumed needlegrass and Sierra needlegrass. It is endemic to California, where it grows in the mountain meadows and pine forests of the Sierra Nevada, and in a few areas of the Transverse Ranges to the south.
Description.
"Achnatherum latiglume" is a perennial bunchgrass forming tight bunches of erect stems up to 110 centimeters tall. It has hairlike leaves under 3 millimeters wide and the inflorescence is up to about 30 centimeters long. Each hairy spikelet is just over a centimeter long and sharply pointed, with an awn about 4 centimeters long and kinked twice.

</doc>
<doc id="18600210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600210" title="Imeni Shaumyana">
Imeni Shaumyana

Imeni Shaumyana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18600215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600215" title="Imeni Beriya">
Imeni Beriya

Imeni Beriya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18600230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600230" title="Wuqi District">
Wuqi District

Wuqi District () is a coastal suburban district in southern Taichung, Taiwan. It is the largest fishing port in middle Taiwan. 

</doc>
<doc id="18600249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600249" title="IWA World Heavyweight Championship (IWA Japan)">
IWA World Heavyweight Championship (IWA Japan)

The IWA World Heavyweight Championship is the top singles title in the International Wrestling Association of Japan. The title has been in use since the IWA was founded in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18600259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600259" title="Verena Bentele">
Verena Bentele

Verena Bentele (born in Lindau on February 28, 1982) is a blind German Paralympic biathlete and cross-country skier. She won her first Paralympic medals (one gold, two silver, one bronze) at the 1998 Winter Paralympics, followed by four gold medals at the 2002 Winter Paralympics, as well as two gold and one bronze medal at the 2006 Winter Paralympics
She was also winner of the Combined World Cup in Biathlon und Cross-Country in 2006.
During the 2009 German blind cross country championship, Bentele had a serious accident. Her sighted guide failed to give proper directions, so she fell down a slope in a dry river bed. She tore a cruciate ligament in her knee, and suffered finger and liver injuries, and damaged one kidney so badly that it had to be removed.
Despite this, only a year later, Verena had her best Olympic result, winning 5 Gold Medals 2010 Winter Paralympics in the 2010 Vancouver Paralympics.
Verena has won the "Laureus World Sportsperson of the Year with a Disability" award for the year 2011. Late in 2011, she announced her retirement at the age of 29.

</doc>
<doc id="18600288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600288" title="Longjing District">
Longjing District

Longjing District () is a coastal suburban district in western Taichung, Taiwan.
Name Origin.
The term Longjing (龍井) means "Dragon Well". Originally the district is called "Chie Tou Village". The well is located inside Longjing.
Infrastructure.
Longjing houses Taichung Power Plant, the world's largest coal-fired power plant.
Transportation.
The district can be reached by TRA Longjing Station. It can also be accessed by the National Highway 3, at the Longjing junction.

</doc>
<doc id="18600303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600303" title="Gaoping District">
Gaoping District

Gaoping District (Simplified: 高坪区; Traditional: 高坪區; Pinyin: Gāopíng Qū) is a district in Nanchong, Sichuan, China.
Gaoping has an area of 812 square kilometers and a population of 600,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18600310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600310" title="Houli District">
Houli District

Houli District () is a rural district in northwestern Taichung City, Taiwan.
Military stables.
Military stables (后里馬場) were built in Houli in mid 50's and function until today. Stables' main stock includes some of the horses that were given to Taiwan as a gift from Arabia.

</doc>
<doc id="18600312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600312" title="Indian Mujahideen">
Indian Mujahideen

Indian Mujahideen (IM) is suspected as a Islamist terrorist group based In India while Indian Muslims in general do not believe its existence. The group has carried out several attacks against civilian targets in India.
Police investigations have revealed the group to be a front for the Pakistan based Lashkar-e-Taiba. The Indian Mujahideen on 4 June 2010 was declared a terrorist organisation and banned by the Government of India. On 22 October 2010, New Zealand declared it a terrorist organisation. In September 2011, the United States officially placed the Indian Mujahideen on its list of terrorist organisations, with the State Department acknowledging that the group had engaged in several terrorist attacks in India and had regional aspirations with the ultimate aim of creating an "Islamic caliphate" across South Asia. The terror group was banned by UK as it aimed at creating an Islamic State and implementing Shariat law in India, by use of indiscriminate violence.
A number of botched arrests and custodial deaths have continued to raise questions in the mainstream media and even consipiracy theories particularly among India's besieged Muslim community that the so-called Indian Mujahideen is a counterfeit organisation set up by vested interests with the intent to tarnish the Indian Muslim community with the Al Qaeda tag that was until then never used in reference to Indian Muslims, as confirmed by then US President George W. Bush during his official visit to India.
Investigators believe that Indian Mujahideen is one of many groups composed of lower-tier SIMI members. According to the Indian Intelligence Bureau, SIMI took new titles because the top leadership of SIMI have been detained and would be available for interrogation. The change in names is believed to signal a change in tactics as SIMI affiliated militants attempt to garner more support from India's Muslim community rather than be seen as a group consisting of foreigners. Two days after the 13 May 2008 Jaipur bombings, the extremist group sent an e-mail to Indian media in which they claimed responsibility for the attacks and said they would ""demolish the faiths (all religions apart from Islam) of the infidels of India"". The biggest and boldest attack to date by the group was the 2008 Ahmedabad serial blasts, where it gained national notoriety with a casualty count towards 50.
Background.
Factionalism.
Even though IM came to light in 2008, in the same year it was already seen to have a faction. The 30 October 2008 Assam bombings were claimed by alleged offspring of the IM, Islamic Security Force-Indian Mujahideen, though police were still investigating this link.
Members.
It is suspected that these are the major leaders of the Indian group.
Delhi group.
The local group at Delhi is thought to include the following, most of them from Azamgarh:
Attacks claimed by Indian Mujahideen.
The emails sent by Indian Mujahideen claimed that they were responsible for the following terror incidents. One warning email was received 5 minutes before the first blast in Ahmedabad. Another was received soon after the first blast of Delhi bombings. The timing makes it impossible for any other groups to have sent the two emails.
Suspects and arrests.
On 28 August 2013, in a major breakthrough Yasin Bhatkal, co-founder of IM and another IM terrorist have been arrested by Indian Police and NIA near Indo-Nepal border. According to Gujarat police, the breakthrough in 2008 Ahmedabad serial blasts case came from five ‘switched-off’ mobile phone numbers. Joint Commissioner of Police (crime) Ashish Bhatia said that the terrorists had procured five SIM cards of phones that were switched off on the day of the blasts — 26 July. The analysis of the phone calls made to those SIM cards from PCOs provided them the key leads.
The arrest of ten suspects included the leader, Mufti Abu Bashir Ishlahi alias Abdul Wasir, who was arrested the help of Uttar Pradesh police At his father's home At Sarai Mir In Azamgarh UP on 14August 2008.
Bashir studied in the local Madarsatul Islah and later in Deoband in Saharanpur. According to the reports Bashir claimed that the bombings cost Rs 75,000 a SIMI activist sold his house in Kutch to get the amount.
Bashir, who had stayed in Ahmedabad along with Abdul Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqeer, a Co-conspirator, had bought five SIM cards using local names and addresses. He had used these cellphone numbers to remain in touch with the other members of the module at the planning stage of the conspiracy. Bashir had given the SIM cards to the bomb planters on 26 July, who had used them carefully. Each member had contacted the others through STD-PCO booths after successfully planting the bombs. These numbers were used only for receiving calls. Many of the calls were from Juhapura, where Zahid Shaikh, one of the key members of the group, lived at Sandhi Avenue near the Sarkhej highway. These numbers had become inactive immediately after the blasts.
Also, the Government suspects Indian mujahideen for the two blasts in Hyderabad, on 21 February 2013 at 7:01 pm.
Key members of the Indian Mujahideen in Mumbai police custody want to turn approver.
Jamia Nagar encounter.
On 19 September 2008, the police raided an apartment in Jamia Nagar, near Jamia Millia Islamia In Delhi. There is speculation that the prime suspect in the Ahmedabad blasts, Mufti Abu Bashir, a madrasa teacher from Azamgarh, may have pointed out the apartment.
The raid resulted in the death of terrorists Bashir alias Mohammed Atif Amin (son of Mohammed Amin, cloth merchant in Bhiwandi, Mumbai), Mohammad Sajid and a decorated police officer Mohan Chand Sharma In the gunfight. Mohammad Saif (the son of Samajwadi Party leader Shadab Ahmed) was arrested while two hostiles managed to flee by possibly jumping the rooftops. All of the suspects were from Azamgarh district’S Sarai Mir town. They claimed to be students, but that was denied by Jamia Millia
The five were responsible for manufacturing bombs used in Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Delhi blasts.
Atif claimed to have been studying for a diploma in Human Resources Development from Jamia Milia Islamia University. However Jamia Milia denied having him As a student. Some residents of Sarai Mir thought He was pursuing his bachelors In technology from Jamia Hamdard.
Atif was said to have been the leader of a group of 14 young men belong to Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh, all claiming to have been studying in Delhi: Atif (24), Sajid alias Pankaj (19), (both now dead), Shehzad alias Pappu (22), Junaid (27), Shahdab Bhai alias Mallick (27), Sajid (24), Mohammad Khalid (25), Arif (22), Shakil (26), Zia Khan (24) and Salman (25), Zeeshan (24) and Mohammad Saif (23).
Zeeshan Jawed was arrested from the offices of a private TV station, He worked for a private company, Monarch International on Vikas Marg, and is also said to be studying management. Both him and Saif claim to have been recruited by Atif.
It is reported that Mohammad Saif has said that the plans to carry out several blasts across the country were mooted about three years ago when the Indian Mujahideen (IM) was formed. Although the blasts spanned over a period of 10 months (the first blasts took place in August 2007 in Hyderabad), the planning was made far back in 2005. After that series of explosions occurred Uttar Pradesh, Jaipur, Ahmedabad and Delhi.
There is considerable resentment In Sarai Mir over the death of the local boys. Villagers have blamed the media for giving a bad name to Azamgarh by calling it a "nursery of terror". Mafia don Abu Salem hails from here. Azamgarh used to export its famous country-made pistols, known as kattas, whose factories dot the region. The district was also known for young sharpshooters who joined Mumbai gangs. Individuals from the area have been accused of the murders of Bollywood producer Gulshan Kumar in Mumbai and Left leader Shankar Guha Niyogi in Chhattisgarh.

</doc>
<doc id="18600322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600322" title="Kansas City Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Kansas City Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Kansas City Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1960 census recorded a population of 75.
The township dissolved prior to the 1980 Census, when it was combined with Cedar Butte, Dakota, Jordan, and Spring Butte Townships to form the Census-designated East Adams Unorganized Territory. As of the 1990 Census, the combined area had a population of 146.

</doc>
<doc id="18600325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18600325" title="Leaf mantis">
Leaf mantis

Leaf mantis (and leafy mantis) is a common name for certain praying mantises including:

</doc>
