<doc id="18787943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787943" title="Automatism (medicine)">
Automatism (medicine)

In medicine, automatism refers to a set of brief unconscious behaviors. These typically last for several seconds to minutes or sometimes longer, a time during which the subject is unaware of his/her actions. This type of automatic behaviour often occurs in certain types of epilepsy, such as complex partial seizures in those with temporal lobe epilepsy, or as a side effect of certain medications, such as zolpidem.
Variations.
There are varying degrees of automatism. Some may include simple gestures, such as finger rubbing, lip smacking, chewing, or swallowing, or more complex actions, such as sleepwalking behaviors. Others may include speech, which may or may not be coherent or sensible. The subject may or may not remain conscious otherwise throughout the episode. Those who remain conscious may be fully aware of their other actions at the time, but unaware of their automatism.
In some more complex automatisms, the subject enters into the behaviors of sleepwalking while fully awake up until the moment it starts. In these episodes, which can last for longer periods of time, the subject proceeds to engage in activities s/he routinely performs, such as cooking, showering, or driving along a familiar route, or may even carry on conversation. Following the episode, the subject regains consciousness, often feeling disoriented, and has no memory of the incident.
Treatment.
Like most seizure disorders, most people who suffer from automatism can have the condition completely or partially controlled by an anticonvulsant medication.
Automatism in progress cannot be stopped without advanced medical intervention, which may become necessary in rare instances when it lasts longer than 10 minutes with no sign of stopping. Witnesses should allow the subject to exhibit the automatic behavior and not restrain him/her unless failing to do so would be hazardous. Removing objects that person may use harmfully, such as knobs from a stove or car keys is recommended.
Automatism itself is medically harmless, and unlike other seizure types, the subject's actions are less likely to result in physical injury in the subject or others. While the subject is likely to have his/her eyes open at the time and is able to see the surrounding environment (unless blind), she/he may or may not be able to respond to verbal commands from others regarding his/her actions.

</doc>
<doc id="18787962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787962" title="Avignon Exchange">
Avignon Exchange

The Avignon Exchange was one of the first foreign exchange markets in history, established in the "Comtat Venaissin" during the Avignon Papacy. The Exchange was composed of the agents ("factores") of the great Italian banking-houses, who acted as money-changers as well as financial intermediaries between the Apostolic Camera and its debtors and creditors. The most prosperous quarter of the city of Avignon, where the bankers settled, became known simply as the Exchange. According to de Roover, "Avignon can be considered an Italian colony, since the papal bankers were all Italians".
Avignon was the first legal body to regulate fiduciary transactions: a statute of Avignon, of 1243, contains a paragraph entitled "De Litteris Cambii", "of bills of exchange".
Background.
Unlike most medieval rulers who levied funds from sources of taxation relatively nearby, the papacy's primary source of income was constituted from taxes and tributes collected across Europe; moreover, the papacy had a gross geographic mismatch of its assets and liabilities: money collected in France and Poland, for example might be spent for military reconquest in the Papal States. The papacy soon discovered that the direct transfer or shipment of physical specie over long distances was not only risky but extremely expensive, and was thus forced to procure the services of international merchant-bankers who dealt in foreign exchange from their branches throughout the important commercial centers of Western Europe not only in large centers but at the sites of the Champagne fairs. 
However, the Italian merchant-bankers could be of no assistance for funds collected in Eastern Europe (mainly Poland, Hungary, and Bohemia), Scandinavia, and Northern Germany where there was no organized money market at this time, and thus the direct transfer of funds was still required. The preferred alternative to shipping specie was to entrust small amounts to ecclesiastics who happened to be traveling to visit the pope or (more often) traveling merchants on their way to Bruges or Venice (however, to transfer funds from Krakow to Bruges to Avignon took over a year). Even in Western Europe, direct transfer of funds was required when the foreign exchange market could not provide the necessary liquidity; for example, in 1327, 100,000 florins were sent from Avignon to Bologna in a caravan of fifteen pack animals guarded by an armed escort of forty-six.
The Apostolic Camera, the papal treasury, was established in the 13th century, with close ties to Italian merchant bankers, who were given the title "mercatores camerae apostolicae" (""mercatores"" of the Apostolic Camera). The papal residences of Rome, Viterbo, and Rieti were close to the two main banking centers in Italy: Florence and Siena; however, these connections were severed during the reign of Pope Clement V (1305–1315) as he wandered through Languedoc and Provence. 
Only when Pope John XXII (1316–1334) began the construction of a permanent papal residence in Avignon, the Palais des Papes, did the major Italian banks open branches in the Curia and resume their dealings with the Camera. However, the closeness of this relationship never equaled the "intimate" management of the "Gran Tavola" of Orlando Bonsignori in the 13th century; instead of entrusting idle funds to merchant bankers for investment, the papal Chamberlain, Treasurer, and Vice-treasurer (all high-ranking ecclesiastics, assisted by a "throng" of clerics, notaries, and laymen) managed these funds more physically, keeping them in a "strong room" built specifically for this purpose.
Theology of usury.
Although scholastic economic philosophers had constructed a wide variety of prohibitions and loopholes related to the conduct of traditional lending (usury), there is very little scholastic thought on foreign exchange transactions except insofar as they related to the covering of loan repayment. de Roover notes that:
Thus, "Profit and Loss on Exchange" ("Pro e danno di cambio") was not considered usury and was frequently listed in accounting books.
History.
From 1316 to 1342, the Avignon popes relied on the exchange services of three large Florentine banking houses—the Bardi, Peruzzi, and Acciaioli—all of whom failed in 1342, bringing down the entire papal transfer system with them.
From 1342 to 1362, the Apostolic Camera was required to use the services of several smaller and weaker firms from Asti (especially Malabayla), Lucca, and Pistoia; the Camera was unsuccessful in trying to build up the capacity of each of these bankers.
However, in 1362, the papacy was able to employ the services of the Alberti antichi banking house in Florence, which had recently risen to prominence. The papacy did not use the mechanism of the bill of exchange (which had been common since the 13th century), but rather employed a unique procedure which required a receipt in notarial form for all transfers to Avignon called the "instrumentum cambii"; this instrument—always made out in duplicate or triplicate—specified the amount received by the banker and proxy and recorded a promise to transmit to Avignon and pay to the pope or his agent a certain amount. One copy of the instrument was sent to Avignon by the papal carrier which enabled the Avignon administration to obtain payment from either the banker or their Avignon representative. The use of written documents was considered "not businesslike" by contemporaries as it required the constant "intervention of notaries".
The "instrumentum cambii" (also known as an "Avisa") did not eliminate the possibility of fraud, but rather created different possibilities for misdealings, as seen with a 1359 exchange between Venice and Avignon.
The Avignon branch of the Medici bank was not established until 1446, the same year as the London branch.

</doc>
<doc id="18787977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787977" title="2008 ISSF World Cup Final">
2008 ISSF World Cup Final

The 2008 ISSF World Cup Final was divided into two parts:

</doc>
<doc id="18787978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787978" title="1979 England rugby union tour of Japan, Fiji and Tonga">
1979 England rugby union tour of Japan, Fiji and Tonga

In 1979 an rugby union touring team toured Japan, Fiji and Tonga. The tourists won all their seven matches, scoring 270 points and conceding only 93. Only the first international against was close, with Japan leading 19-15 going into injury time - a converted try by Peter Squires allowed England to win the match.
England did not award full international caps for the matches against Japan, Fiji and Tonga and the tourists played under the name of England XV rather than England in those games. The Welsh referee Clive Norling travelled with the party and refereed five of the matches. The leading tour points scorer was Huw Davies, with 60 points, and the leading try-scorers were John Carleton (9 tries) and Mike Slemen (7 tries).
The visit to Tonga was the first time that a major rugby nation had visited the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18787982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787982" title="H&amp;BR Class A">
H&amp;BR Class A

The H&BR Class A (later LNER Class Q10) was an 0-8-0 heavy freight engine designed by Matthew Stirling and built by the Yorkshire Engine Company of Sheffield. They were the largest of the engines on the Hull and Barnsley Railway. The Class A was developed to deal with the steeply graded eastern section of the H&BR between Springhead and Sandholme. Because of this the special link workings they dealt with were nicknamed the "Sandholme Bankers".
Construction.
An order for 15 locomotives was placed with the Yorkshire Engine Company in 1907 with 10 arriving in the spring and the remainder in the autumn of that year. No. 117 was the first to arrive, this engine being the one used to familiarise footplate staff with them. Due to their size they were affectionately nicknamed "Tinies" by the footplate men.
Operation.
The locos were set to work being able to pull 50% more than the previous capabilities of the early Stirling Classes. Though they were cleared for running on the whole of the H&B mainline, they never strayed from Springhead Shed and were banned from the Denaby, Neptune Street, Cannon Street and Sculcoates lines. Despite being reasonable locomotives they were regarded with suspicion due to their high boiler pressures following the Wath explosion, so the H&B management increased payment for crews who manned the "Tinies". The Wath explosion, in 1907, involved H&BR Class F2 0-6-2T number 109.
Modifications.
Various modifications were made to the "Tinies" over their lives. Sanding arrangements were altered to improve the adhesion of the engines, and one engine, No. 129, received a small porthole window in the cabside. All engines received a cab roof ventilator. During the First World War, the boiler pressure was dropped from 200 lb/sq.in to 175 lb/sq.in. No other modifications were made until the merger with the North Eastern Railway.
LNER ownership.
Under new management, some "Tinies" were sent to Darlington Works where they received domed boilers. All members of the class passed into LNER ownership, though by the grouping more powerful ex Great Central Railway types were available. Cudworth shed soon became swarmed with ROD 2-8-0s, and 12 of the "Tinies" were away from their home system by 1929.
Withdrawal.
The "Tinies" never found favour with other depot footplate staff, and all were withdrawn by the end of 1931. None are preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="18787983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18787983" title="Stjepan Ivšić">
Stjepan Ivšić

Stjepan Ivšić (; Orahovica, August 13, 1884 - Zagreb, January 14, 1962), Croatian linguist, Slavist and accentologist.
After finishing primary school in Orahovica, he attended secondary school in Osijek and Požega. At the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Zagreb he studied Croatian and classical philology, and later specialized at the universities in Krakow, Prague, Saint Petersburg, Moscow, and Kiev. He received his PhD in 1913 with the thesis "Prilog za slavenski akcenat" ("A contribution on Slavic accent"). He served as a professor at the secondary school in Gornji Grad in Zagreb from 1909 to 1915, and thenceforth as a professor of Slavic Studies at the Faculty of Philosophy in Zagreb.
The focal point of Ivšić's research were Croatian Štokavian subdialects, on which he published several very important studies ("Šaptinovačko narječje", 1907; "Današnji posavski govor", 1913). He was especially interested in the accentuation of Croatian subdialects and Old Slavic grammars. He was the first to determine the existence of the neoacute in all three Croatian dialects.
In 1928 he participated in the efforts of state committee to create a common orthography for Croatian and Serbian. In the paper "Jezik Hrvata kajkavaca" (1936) he partitioned Kajkavian subdialects (not including the "goranski" subdialects ) into 4 major groups. He extensively studied Croatian Glagolitic heritage, especially its special language features, on which he published several works. In 1934 he tracked the Baška tablet from Krk to Zagreb and wrote an enthusiastic article about it called "Sveta Lucija u Jurandvoru i njezin dragi kamen" (Jutarnji list, No. 8115). In 1937 he became the vice president of the Croatian Language Society, and in 1938 the editor of the journal "Hrvatski jezik" (Croatian Language). He served as the rector of the University of Zagreb from 1939 to 1943. During the period of the Independent State of Croatia he refused an offer to serve as the head of the Croatian State Office for Language and advocated a phonology-based orthography as opposed to the official etymological-morphological one (known as "korienski" 'root').
Legacy.
In the spring of 1945, due to alleged collaboration with the enemy, he was sentenced to exile from Zagreb and lost his membership in the Academy of Sciences and Arts. He was the only one to sign the conclusion of Novi Sad agreement, with the note "I give this signature with the remark that the statement in act 4 of the conclusion cannot be used for promoting Ekavian pronunciation in the present-day Ijekavian area."
A high school in Ivšić's native Orahovica bears his name.

</doc>
<doc id="18788074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788074" title="Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ukraine)">
Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Ukraine)

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine () is the Ukrainian government ministry which oversees the foreign relations of Ukraine.
Historical overlook.
Originally the Ministry was established as the General Secretariat of Nationalities as part of the General Secretariat of Ukraine and was headed by the federalist Serhiy Yefremov. Due to the Soviet intervention the office was reformed into a ministry on December 22, 1917. About the same time another government was formed, the Soviet, that proclaimed the Ukrainian government to be counter-revolutionary. The Ukrainian Soviet government also reorganized its office on March 1, 1918. In 1923 the office was liquidated by the government of Soviet Union and reinstated in 1944, twenty years later. The first Soviet representatives were not much of a notice until the appointment of the Bulgarian native Christian Rakovsky in 1919.
General overview.
The ministry is located in Ukraine's capital Kiev in the city's historic uppertown district, located in close proximity to the recently-rebuilt St. Michael's Golden-Domed Monastery. The building of the ministry is also located on the Mykhailiv Square, named for the monastery and next to the park "Volodymyr's Mount".
The nomination of the Foreign Minister is done by the President of Ukraine, unlike most nominations of Cabinet Minister which are done by the Prime Minister of Ukraine. All minister nominations have to be approved by the Ukrainian Parliament. Kostyantyn Gryshchenko is the current Minister.
Ukraine is the UNESCO member since May 12, 1954. From December 1962 Ukraine had established its permanent representation in the organization currently served by the Ambassador of Ukraine to France. The National Commission of Ukraine for UNESCO was created as part of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs by the Presidential decree #212/1996 on March 26, 1996. By the Presidential decree #32/2011 issued on January 14, 2011 the Head of the National Commission of Ukraine for UNESCO was appointed Ruslan Mykhailovych Demchenko, the First Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs. Ruslan Demchenko changed on that post V.Khandohiy.
The permanent representative of Ukraine to UNESCO is the Ambassador to France Kostyantyn Volodymyrovych Tymoshenko.
Ukraine has about 14 academic departments that cooperate with the mission of UNESCO as well as 63 schools associated with the organization.

</doc>
<doc id="18788075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788075" title="Kasernierte Volkspolizei">
Kasernierte Volkspolizei

The Kasernierte Volkspolizei (KVP, German for "Barracked People's Police") was the precursor to the National People's Army (NVA) in East Germany. Their original headquarters was in Adlershof locality in Berlin, and from 1954 in Strausberg in modern day Brandenburg. They ceased to exist after 1956, having been transformed into the NVA, but are often confused with the later paramilitary police units, the Volkspolizei-Bereitschaft. 
In October 1948 the Soviet Military Administration in Germany formed the "Alert Police" ("Bereitschaftspolizei"), a force of armed units housed in barracks and trained in military fashion. The force consisted of forty units with 100 - 250 men each, the units were subordinated to provincial authorities. Many of the officers and men were recruited from among German POWs held in the Soviet Union. 
In November 1948 the German Interior Administration ("Deutschen Verwaltung des Innern", DVdI) took responsibility over the force (and the border troops) and included them in section named "Hauptabteilung Grenzpolizei und Bereitschaften" (HA GP/B). The section was renamed to "Verwaltung für Schulung" (VfS) on 25 August 1949, to "Hauptverwaltung für Ausbildung" (HVA) on 15 October 1949 and to "Kasernierte Volkspolizei" (KVP) on June 1, 1952
In addition to ground troops HVA and KVP also included a separate naval and air arm. In December 1952 KVP membership was up to 90,250. The communist party and Soviet military authorities exercised strict ideological control over the force.
On 1 March 1956 the KVP units were transformed into the newly established army of East Germany, the National People's Army (NVA), and transferred to the Ministry of National Defence. Soon afterwards, the Ministry of Internal Affairs again formed its own paramilitary force - the Volkspolizei-Bereitschaften. These were again armed as motorised infantry, with anti-tank weapons and so on, but were primarily employed on internal security and public order duties.

</doc>
<doc id="18788081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788081" title="Rubén Noceda">
Rubén Noceda

Rubén Noceda (born 11 May 1931 in Asunción – 8 April 2007) is a former football goalkeeper from Paraguay. 
Noceda started his career in the youth divisions of Presidente Hayes and made his debut in the first team squad in 1946. He played for Presidente Hayes until 1956 and won the only Paraguayan 1st division title in the club's history in 1952. Noceda also played for Peruvian club Atlético Chalaco.
Noceda was part of the Paraguay national football team that participated in the 1953 Copa America which was eventually won by Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18788087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788087" title="Mirkovo">
Mirkovo

Mirkovo (, pronounced ) is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Sofia Province. It is the administrative centre of Mirkovo Municipality, which lies in the central eastern part of Sofia Province. The village is located in the eastern part of the Zlatitsa–Pirdop valley, 63 kilometres east of the capital Sofia, at the southern foot of the 1,787-metre Etropolska Baba Peak in the Etropole part of the Balkan Mountains.
The surrounding area has been inhabited since the Neolithic, with the Thracians and Romans populating it in Antiquity and the Slavs and Bulgars in the Middle Ages, when it was part of the First Bulgarian Empire and Second Bulgarian Empire. The village itself, however, was first mentioned in Ottoman registers in 1430 and 1751 as "Mirkuva"; the name is thought to originate from the South Slavic personal name "Mirko" with the placename suffix -ovo. A monastical school was established in 1825, during the Bulgarian National Revival, and the locals took an active part in the Liberation of Bulgaria, participating in hajduk bands and assisting the Russian forces as "opalchentsi" in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78. The village Bulgarian Orthodox church of Saint Greatmartyr Demetrius was built in 1834 by the masters Minko and Delo.

</doc>
<doc id="18788089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788089" title="Lacassine National Wildlife Refuge">
Lacassine National Wildlife Refuge

Lacassine National Wildlife Refuge is located in Cameron and Evangeline Parishes in southwestern Louisiana, was established in 1937 by Executive Order No. 7780 as "a refuge and breeding ground for migratory birds and other wildlife." The refuge is nearly in size, including leased from the Cameron Parish School Board. The Evangeline Parish unit is called Duralde Prairie and is currently being developed. It is located north of the city of Eunice.
Wildlife and habitat.
The vegetation types occurring on the refuge are primarily water-tolerant grasses, sedges, and shrubs. Vegetation in the undeveloped marshes is dominated by bulltongue and maidencane. The habitat is divided into of natural, freshwater marsh and open water, of managed, freshwater marsh (Lacassine Pool), of rice, wheat, soybean, and natural moist soil fields, of flooded gum and cypress trees, and of restored tallgrass prairie. 
Most wildlife species found on the refuge are those indigenous to the marshes of coastal Louisiana. Nesting colonies of wading birds such as ibis, roseate spoonbills, and egrets, alligators, and furbearers such as mink, otter, and raccoon and nutria are found on the refuge. Threatened and endangered species that have used the refuge include bald eagles, peregrine falcons, and Louisiana black bear.
Several hundred thousand ducks and geese use the refuge as wintering habitat while wood ducks, fulvous and black-bellied Whistling Ducks, and mottled ducks nest on the refuge during the breeding season. The refuge offers fishing, hunting, boating, wildlife observation, and hiking.
Lacassine NWR, known for attracting thousands of pintails each winter (a peak of 300,000), has also seen the effects of the decreasing populations. The refuge hosted numbers well over 100,000 until the mid-1980s then saw the peaks reduced by half in the 1990s. Drought years in the mid-2000s caused a decline from 30,000 down to around 18,000. The birds are concentrated in the northwest and northeast sections of the Pool.
Management.
Lacassine NWR is managed intensively for waterfowl and other Louisiana coastal wetland species. The refuge has a wetland management program in which water levels are manipulated for managing naturally occurring marsh and moist soil plants and a Copeland management program where crops are planted to provide food for wintering waterfowl that migrate down the Mississippi and Central Flyways. 
Habitat is made more attractive to waterfowl and shorebirds by mechanical methods and flooding with costs reimbursed to the landowner or farmer. The refuge also has an active coastal prairie restoration program and a prescribed burning program. Native prairies and marshes are periodically burned on a 3-5 year rotational basis to invigorate native grasses and forbs and to set back cool season plant growth or to reduce the fuel load and organic accumulations in the marshes.
Lacassine has a Wilderness Management program to help in managing the wilderness area found on the refuge and an oil and gas program to help minimize disturbance from mineral owner's activities. An alligator trapping program is used to manage the refuge's American alligator population. The refuge also has an active volunteer/intern program.
Recreation.
Hunting and fishing are two of the most popular refuge activities. Bird watching is also very popular, with a bird list available at the refuge or online. A nature drive, foot trails, and observation towers are available year-round. An active volunteer program provides additional opportunities and students are able to earn college credits through an internship at the refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="18788117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788117" title="Chris Taylor (attorney)">
Chris Taylor (attorney)

Christopher Normand "Chris" Taylor is a Canadian entertainment lawyer and an influential music industry executive.
Taylor was raised in Windsor, Ontario and graduated with a Communications degree in 1987, and a law degree from Osgoode Hall Law School in 1990 (the oldest law school in Canada). After graduating from law school he founded rock/reggae group, One, signing with Virgin Records in 1994 and was lead vocalist until 1995. The group released four albums including 1994’s, "Smokin’ The Goats" which included 2 Top 40 singles, "Wide Load" and "54-46". One performed widely throughout North America earning a reputation as one of the country's finest live bands. In 1996 Taylor returned to finish law school articles and was called to the Bar in 1997. In 1998, via his former manager Chris Smith, he discovered Nelly Furtado and assisted with introducing her talents to record companies in the United States. Shortly following Furtado’s rise Taylor discovered Sum 41 and played a vital role in introducing them to the music industry. More recently he has been working for rap phenom, Drake.
In 1997 he commenced practicing law with the law firm of Sanderson Taylor representing Canadian music royalty, Furtado, Avril Lavigne, and Tom Cochrane among others. In 2006 he founded his own law firm Taylor Mitsopulos Klein Oballa, representing additional acts such as Billy Talent, Three Days Grace, Justin Nozuka, Daniel Powter, Alexisonfire, Gogol Bordello and Lights in addition to mega producer/songwriters such as, Henry "Cirkut" Walter. His law firm also provides legal advice to YTV's #1 rated show, The Next Star, Canada's Walk of Fame, charitable organisation, Free The Children, and Slaight Music, as well as leading independent music publisher, ole (http://www.majorlyindie.com). He is the longtime lawyer for leading Canadian media personalities, George Stroumboulopoulos (http://www.cbc.ca/thehour) and Jian Ghomeshi (http://www.cbc.ca/q) among others. In January 2012 the law firm changed its name to Taylor Klein Oballa LLP. 
In 2003 he founded entertainment company, Last Gang Entertainment, discovering and signing leading alternative/dance artists, Metric, Death From Above 1979, MSTRKRFT and Crystal Castles.
After several years of introducing indie new wave/rock act, Metric, to industry contacts with limited success he founded Last Gang Entertainment with music industry promoter/impresario, Donald Tarlton to release Metric recordings. The label was nominated as Canadian Independent Record Label of the Year at the Canadian Music Awards in 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2009. Metric’s first album, "Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?" has sold Gold in Canada (50,000) and over 250,000 copies worldwide. The label’s second signing, Death From Above 1979, also sold in excess of 50,000 records in Canada and has also sold over 250,000 copies around the globe. More recently the Crystal Castles’ self-titled release was named one of the “Top 100 Greatest Albums of the Decade” by "NME". Last Gang is also the Canadian home label for Chromeo, Purity Ring and The New Pornographers. The Last Gang released album by Lights, “Siberia” debuted at #47 on the Billboard Top 200 sellers on release in October 2011. Last Gang have offices in Toronto, Los Angeles, London and Montreal with interests in publishing, management, and live events working forward-thinking, progressive dance and alternative acts The label most recently celebrated the sale of their millionth album.
In 2013 Taylor was honoured by the Canadian Civil Liberties Association for Excellence in Advocacy alongside former Supreme Court Justice, The Honourable Ian Binnie and filmmaker, David Cronenberg.
Taylor continues to own and operate his law firm and Last Gang Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="18788125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788125" title="Frank Cooper's">
Frank Cooper's

Frank Cooper's is a UK brand of marmalades and jams owned by Premier Foods. Frank Cooper's is known primarily for its "Oxford" Marmalade and holds a Royal Warrant.
History.
Oxford High Street.
Francis Thomas Cooper (1811–1862) was originally a hatter and hosier with a shop at 46 High Street, Oxford. He then became an agent for Ridgeway's Tea and in about 1845 converted his shop into a grocery.
In 1856 F.T. Cooper paid £2,350 for the remainder of a forty-year lease on Nos. 83 and 84 High Street, which were opposite his earlier premises. He ran 84 as a grocery shop and his family home. In 1867 his son, Frank Cooper (1844–1927) inherited the business and expanded the shop into No. 83 next door.
In 1874 Frank Cooper's wife Sarah-Jane (1848–1932), then aged 24, made of marmalade to her own recipe. The marmalade proved popular, and until 1903 was made at 83-84 High Street. Frank Cooper then moved production to a new purpose-built factory at 27 Park End Street. He retained the High Street premises as a shop until 1919, when he sold it to Twinings.
Park End Street.
The Park End Street factory was designed by Oxford architect Herbert Quinton and built by long-established local builder Thomas Henry Kingerlee. The four-storey, factory had separate floors for cutting fruit and bottling the finished product, and the third floor included a separate cloakroom and staff dining room for employees. Boiling the marmalade and jam was in a separate building at the back of the yard behind the main factory. Quinton designed the premises in compliance with the Factory and Workshop Act 1901, and the difficulty of complying with the Act at 83-84 High Street may have prompted the building of the new factory.
The factory was strategically sited close to the stations and goods yards of both the London and North Western Railway at Rewley Road and the Great Western Railway in Botley Road, making the delivery of fruit and sugar, distribution of marmalade and jam and business travel for company personnel, suppliers and trade customers as efficient as possible. Success of the business led to expansion of the factory in 1912, 1915, 1924 and 1925, using land between the 1903 building and the corner of Hollybush Row.
Frank Cooper's marmalade was especially popular with dons and students in Oxford University. It was taken to Antarctica on Robert Falcon Scott's expedition to the South Pole. A jar was found buried in the ice many years after the ill-fated expedition.
In Arthur Ransome's children's book "Missee Lee", Miss Lee, the leader of the Chinese pirates, had been educated at Cambridge University but learned to enjoy Cooper's Oxford Marmalade. As she says 'We always eat Oxford marmalade at Cambridge. Better scholars, better professors at Cambridge but better marmalade at Oxford.'
Further moves and takeover.
After the Second World War Frank Cooper's bought the site of the ice rink and Majestic Cinema west of the railway stations on the north side of Botley Road. A new factory was built on the site and the company moved production there from Park End Street.
Brown and Poulson Ltd. bought Frank Cooper's in 1964 and moved production away from Oxford in 1967, but retained the "Oxford" name for the marmalade.
In 1985 Frank Cooper's again leased 84 High Street, running it as a museum and shop. Production was not returned to Oxford and within a few years Frank Cooper's gave up the shop for a second time. Since 2001, 84 High Street has been marked by an Oxfordshire Blue Plaque commemorating Sarah Cooper's inception of Oxford Marmalade.
The former factory at 27 Park End Street (now part of Frideswide Square) survives and is now a listed building.

</doc>
<doc id="18788132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788132" title="Grinnell Land">
Grinnell Land

Grinnell Land is the central section of Ellesmere Island in the northernmost part of Nunavut territory in Canada. It was named for Henry Grinnell, a shipping magnate from New York, who in the 1850s helped finance two expeditions to search for Franklin's lost expedition.
The name was given by Captain Edwin De Haven during the First Grinnell Expedition upon sighting the high grounds in September 1850. He beheld the landmass on the 22nd of that month, which was distinguished by its mountain tops which were seen to be "rising above the clouds." De Haven went on to substantiate the name in his official report of the voyage, dated October 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="18788140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788140" title="Alumnae Theatre">
Alumnae Theatre

The Alumnae Theatre, known most often as The Alum, is the oldest theatre society in Toronto, Canada still in operation. It was founded in 1919 by female graduates of the University of Toronto who wanted to continue to participate in semi-professional theatre after graduation. Originally all performers in all roles were female, but in the 1920s male guest performers began to be invited to join the performances. Still today the leadership of the society remains entirely female.
Its focus has always been to produce the great plays of the western canon, while also sometimes doing more modern works, such as the Toronto premier of one of Carol Shields works. The society original performed at the university's Hart House Theatre. In the 1957 the society renovated an old coach house, and opened the Coach House Theatre. In 1962 the theatre moved again into a former synagogue on Cecil and Huron streets. In 1970 they were evicted from this location when the site was expropriated by Ontario Hydro. After a brief hiatus, the company found a permanent home in an old fire hall at Adelaide and Berkeley streets in 1972. Originally named Firehall No. 4, the building is one of Toronto's historic Toronto fire stations. It was first built in 1900 and was considerably renovated by architect Ron Thom, whose wife Molly was a longtime member of Alumnae Theatre. The firehall had been slated by city council for demolition, until the theatre company intervened and with the help of John Sewell convinced the city to have it saved and restored for their purposes. The building now contains a main performance space on the ground level, which seats 140. Upstairs is a smaller studio venue on the third floor.

</doc>
<doc id="18788142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788142" title="Morh Kfarsghab">
Morh Kfarsghab

Morh Kfarsghab ( known also as Morh Kfar Sghab, Murh Kafarsghab or Mrah Kfarseghab; , pronounced ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.
Murh Kfarsghab is the winter dwellings of the people of the mountain village of Kfarsghab. It is a typical organization of pastoral and agricultural Mediterranean communities where seasonal fixed transhumance is still practised.
Etymology.
"Morh" (, pronounced ) is derived from the Semitic root "mrh". It is one form of "mrah" which according to Elie Wardini,is almost exclusively in Lebanon a spread place name appellation. It signifies stable, hurdle, resting place (for livestock), besides also building in which the silk caterpillar is pulled "(reeling of cocoons)"…It gives an indication as to the historical destination of this place during wintertime for the mountain people of Kfarsghab.
As cattle breeding was never a main source of income for Kfarsghab, it is possible that Morh Kfarsghab was used in winter for the Mullberry silkworms which represented a major activity in the region. 
For the local people, Morh Kfarsghab is called "sahil" ( ) which literally means "sea coast" in Arabic.
Geography.
Morh Kfarsghab, the winter village, is located on the north-western slope of the Joueit valley separating Miziara from Bnachii. On average, it sits at 280 meters above sea levelgives an estimation which is slightly higher (298 meters) than measured average altitude (280 meters). A written document mentioning Morh Kfarsghab is dated to October / November 1748 AD (Thu'l-Qa'dah 1161 Hijri).
Climate.
Morh Kfarsghab is a typical Mediterranean plain settlement. There are four seasons, with winters being mild with moderate to heavy rainfall while summers are hot, arid and dry. The highest average temperature is in August at 86 °F (30 °C) while the lowest average temperature is in January at 46 °F (8 °C). However, summer temperatures can top 104 °F (40 °C), and winter temperatures can drop below 35 °F (2 °C). Total yearly precipitation is in the range of 33 inches (810 mm), with the heaviest occurring from late November to early April. Rainfall is exceptional between mid June and mid September.
Economy.
Agriculture.
The major issue is scarcity of water. Agricultural activities privileged crops that do not need irrigation, such as olive, grape and fig. The main culture is however olive harvested typically from November to January. In this part of the Mediterranean, a full crop of olive is only occurring every other year. There are in the village around six olive presses for olive oil extraction, most of them using the traditional first cold pressed method ensuring an excellent oil quality. Green olives and black olives are also produced as well as olive oil soap. There is also in Morh Kfarsghab an important production of grape used mainly to produce the national aniseed-flavoured distilled alcoholic drink, the Arak. Grape is harvested in July / August usually. In the recent years, fig lost of its importance as it needs continuous care during summertime when most of the people are in the summer village, some 25 kilometers away. Finally, there is also a modest culture of almonds, citrus trees such as orange and lemon. For citrus, as it needs irrigation, it is cultivated in the valley of Joueit where water is available, at least during winters.
The land owned by the Kfarsghab people extends on a large area in the Zgharta District, Bsharri District as well as Koura District. Land was acquired mostly at the beginning of the 20th Century thanks to the funds sent by emigrants. The revenues derived from agriculture would have been comfortable if, since the Seventies, the agriculture in Kfarsghab was not plagued by several problems. The main difficulties faced by agriculture are the lack of manpower due to emigration, the unfair competition of foreign products at lower dumped prices especially for olive oil, apple diseases and parasites, the weakness of the Lebanese pound increasing the prices of fertilizers and pesticides, the closing of some important foreign outlets for Lebanese products like Irak, the Lebanese Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="18788145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788145" title="Butch Avinger">
Butch Avinger

Clarence "Butch" Edmund Avinger (December 15, 1928August 20, 2008) was a professional American football fullback and punter in the National Football League. At 6'1", 215 lb, Avinger was a 1st round selection (9th overall pick) of the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 1951 NFL Draft out of the University of Alabama where he had played quarterback. He only saw action in 1953 when he played for the New York Giants.

</doc>
<doc id="18788149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788149" title="Vox Animae (music group)">
Vox Animae (music group)

Vox Animae is an early music ensemble, founded in 1994 by director and instrumentalist Michael Fields. The group specialises in Medieval music, particularly vocal music, such as sequences, chants and other music with a strong story-line, such as Visitatio sepulchri. They are particularly keen on using drama to enhance the audience experience of the music, and feature staged performances individually crafted to suit each venue. (Also, education-outreach projects, talks and vocal workshops etc. according to each project). They are renowned for their presentation of Hildegard of Bingen's "Ordo Virtutum".
Based in South-East England, the group has performed across the UK and Europe, also broadcast live on Danish Radio and BBC Radio 3.
Founder members of Vox Animae include sopranos Evelyn Tubb, Ansy Boothroyd and baritone John Hancorn; Lindsay Richardson, Ruth Gomme, Clare Norburn and the rest of the established team of vocal soloists also have extensive experience of this music. Choruses are sung by people recruited and coached locally for each performance.
Reviews of the live performance and the DVD Recording.
‘Stunning simplicity and pure serenity reach out to touch the heart of the listener...a cappella singing of excellent clarity and ensemble, the leading roles illuminating the parts with soaring virtuosity.’ [http://www.bournemouthecho.co.uk/] "Bournemouth Evening Echo"
‘...the disciplined drama of Vox Animae's production extracted startling variety from the score - one was left marveling at Hildegard's daring.’
[http://www.opera.co.uk/]"Opera Magazine"
“This is a wonderful performance...the vocal artistry is at a very high level throughout. If I were forced to limit my library to only one recording of music by Hildegard von Bingen, this would be it.
"Continuo Magazine, USA"
‘Opus Arte’s two DVD set explores Hildegard’s many facets and talents with a 70 minute performance of her musical morality play on the journey of the Soul, Ordo Virtutum.
Followed by a fully dramatised BBC biographical documentary, Omnibus; a 40 minute documentary from The National Cathedral Washington; a 45 minute interview with two experts on Hildegard’s significance for us today, and a full gallery of Hildegard’s beautiful mystic Mandala-like paintings.
A truly insightful performance and will be of interest to many who have a curiosity about human development. Excellent!’
"In Balance Magazine"
‘I can think of no better introduction to this earliest of music dramas than the performance filmed here... one is left overawed by the experience. But this is not just a performance of the Ordo Virtutum. Together, the two DVDs contain over four hours of material designed to create a well-rounded portrait of Hildegard. ... Certainly worth buying...’
[http://www.recordreview.co.uk/] "International Record Review"
This stylized performance, sung to music that blends the meditative qualities of Gregorian chant with lyrical emotional expression, presents Hildegard von Bingen’s powerful vision of life’s difficult journey. The stellar medieval music ensemble Vox Animae treats this morality play as part of a living dramatic tradition, while also stressing the story’s contemporary relevance.
"Queen's University at Kingston for study unit ‘Women, Gender and Music’"
‘I don't know whether it's the piece itself, or this highly stylized and impeccably conceived performance that converted me from a sceptic to a true believer. The end result is one of the most potent and electrifying - and profoundly moving - films I've seen in a long time.’
"Kathy Dobkin, WNET, New York"

</doc>
<doc id="18788153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788153" title="Andrew Young (political operative)">
Andrew Young (political operative)

Andrew Aldridge Young (born March 23, 1966) was a key staff member in the John Edwards 2008 presidential campaign. Young came to prominence via a scandal in which he claimed paternity of Rielle Hunter's child born on February 27, 2008. John Edwards had admitted a past affair with Hunter, but denied paternity of the baby even though Edwards was in fact the father. Young has since renounced that statement. 
Early life.
Young is the son of the late Robert T. Young (1935–2009), a Methodist minister who held positions at churches in Asheville, Boone, Statesville and at Duke Chapel, all in North Carolina; his uncle is the author Perry Deane Young.
Young is a 1984 graduate of C.E. Jordan High School in Durham, North Carolina, where he was a captain of the football team.
Family life.
Young married Cheri Pfister Young in 1999 and they have three young children. 
Young now resides in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Career.
Young has worked for the North Carolina Academy of Trial Lawyers. He registered as a lobbyist in 1999 and started working for John Edwards as a campaign staffer. He is a graduate of the Wake Forest University School of Law, though he is not a licensed lawyer. Young is ex-owner of Winner's Deli in Asheville, North Carolina. 
Paternity scandal.
Through his attorney, Pamela J. Marple, Andrew Young publicly claimed fatherhood of Rielle Hunter's daughter Quinn in December 2007. Young later denied this, claiming Edwards was indeed the father and his original claim of paternity was part of a cover-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18788159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788159" title="Dieu m'a donné la foi">
Dieu m'a donné la foi

"Dieu m'a donné la foi" (God Gave Me Faith) is a popular R&B song recorded by French singer Ophélie Winter. It was the second single from her debut album "No Soucy" and was released in November 1995. It achieved a huge success in France, where it topped the chart, and in Belgium (Wallonia). Although it was in fact her fourth single, it is generally considered by many people as her debut single, given that the previous three ones passed unnoticed. To date, it remains her biggest success and is her signature song.
This song has groove sonorities and draws its influence in the negro spiritual. As the title suggests it, the lyrics deals with spirituality.
The song was used in 1997 French film "Bouge!", in which Winter portrays a singer, and performs the song in English-language under the title "Living in Me". This version features on the English version of her album entitled "Soon".
In France, "Dieu m'a donné la foi" debuted at the bottom of the chart (#49) on November 18, 1995 and regularly climbed until reaching the top ten six weeks later. It eventually hit #1 for a sole week, then dropped slowly, totalling 15 weeks in the top ten and 32 weeks on the chart. It was certified Gold disc by the SNEP and is at present the 1000th best-selling single of all time in France. In Belgium (Wallonia), the single was charted for 27 weeks from February 3, 1996, and spent 16 weeks in the top ten, four of them at number three.

</doc>
<doc id="18788161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788161" title="Now or Never (film)">
Now or Never (film)

Now or Never is a 1921 short comedy film starring Harold Lloyd.
The plot involves traveling with a child on a train.
Harold's car is a 1919 Mercer series 5 Raceabout.

</doc>
<doc id="18788163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788163" title="Bo Otto">
Bo Otto

Albert Bo Henry Otto (August 15, 1903October 7, 1983) was an American football player. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. He played for the Louisville Brecks 1922-1923. He played the center, guard, and tackle positions on the football field. He weighed .

</doc>
<doc id="18788165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788165" title="Bobadilla">
Bobadilla

Bobadilla is a surname of Spanish origin said to stem from the Arabic-Islamic origins of Abou Abdillah. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788167" title="Stephen Huszar">
Stephen Huszar

Stephen Huszar is a Canadian film and television actor.
Career.
He has appeared in various film and television productions.
Selected television work.
– Gopher It (2007) … Rob)

</doc>
<doc id="18788206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788206" title="USS Majaba (AG-43)">
USS Majaba (AG-43)

USS "Majaba" (AG-43/IX-102) was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was assigned to operations in the South Pacific Ocean, where, during dangerous operations at Guadalcanal, she was struck by a torpedo and beached. She was eventually salvaged sufficiently to serve as a barracks ship and as a storage ship, until she was finally disposed of post-war.
Constructed in Oregon.
"Majaba" (AG 43) was built as "SS Meriden" by Albina Engine & Machine Works, Portland, Oregon, in 1919; acquired by the Navy under charter as "SS El Capitan" from her owner, E. K. Wood Lumber Co., of San Francisco, California, 23 April 1942; renamed "Majaba" and commissioned the same day.
World War II service.
"Majaba" completed conversion to a miscellaneous auxiliary 14 May and subsequently steamed to the Hawaiian Islands for cargo runs to islands of Polynesia and the South Pacific Ocean. 
Departing Honolulu 24 June, she operated during the next several months out of Honolulu and completed supply missions to Palmyra Island, Christmas Island, and Canton Island. Thence, she reached Efate, New Hebrides, to bolster the vital ocean supply line to American forces engaged in the bitter struggle for control of Guadalcanal.
"Majaba" departed the New Hebrides 26 October and steamed to meet two supply convoys bound for the Solomon Islands. However, heavy weather prevented the rendezvous, and she returned to Espiritu Santo 29 October. Later that day she sailed once again for Guadalcanal where she arrived 2 November. Screened by , she crossed Ironbottom Sound and unloaded cargo at Tulagi that same day.
Guadalcanal operations.
Despite the menace of powerful Japanese naval forces, "Majaba" shuttled cargo between Tulagi and Guadalcanal during the next few days. She arrived off Lunga Point, Guadalcanal, early 7 November; and, while her escort, , patrolled for enemy submarines off Lunga Point, she began final unloading operations prior to her planned departure for Espiritu Santo. 
Shortly before 0930, lookouts in , anchored near "Majaba", spotted the periscope of () followed by two torpedo wakes. One torpedo, which apparently passed under "Lansdowne", hit the beach but failed to explode. The other curved toward "Majaba" and exploded against her starboard side amidships, destroying her engine room and boilers. She settled and listed slightly but did not sink. 
While "Lansdowne" and "Woodworth" searched for the enemy sub, went to "Majaba's" aid. The tug towed the disabled ship east along the coast of Guadalcanal and beached her that afternoon off the month of the Tenaru River.
Reclassified as IX-102.
On 8 January 1943 and "Bobolink" freed "Majaba" from her beached position and towed her to Tulagi. Reclassified "IX-102" and placed in an in-service status on 1 July 1943, she remained at Florida Island, Solomons, and during the remainder of World War II served as a floating quarters and material storage ship.
Post-war inactivation.
Following the end of the war, "Majaba" was towed to the Philippines. She remained at San Pedro Bay, Leyte, until early in 1946 when she was towed to Subic Bay, Luzon. There, she was placed out of service 14 March 1946 and delivered to War Shipping Administration (WSA) for return to her owner. Her name was struck from the Navy List 28 March 1946.
Honors and awards.
"Majaba" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18788207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788207" title="Dominic Green (footballer)">
Dominic Green (footballer)

Dominic Ashley Green (born 5 July 1989 in Newham, London) is an English footballer currently playing for Ebbsfleet United.
Career.
Green signed for Peterborough United from Dagenham & Redbridge for an undisclosed fee on 27 August 2008. He signed for Rushden & Diamonds on a month's loan on 16 August 2010. In March 2011, he joined United Counties league side St Neots Town on loan. Green was released by Peterborough United on 28 June 2011.
On 1 September, Green signed for Dagenham & Redbridge on a free transfer. In January 2013, he joined Football Conference side Dartford on a one-month loan deal. On 7 May 2013, he was released by the Daggers due to the expiry of his contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18788208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788208" title="Joint source and channel coding">
Joint source and channel coding

In information theory," joint source–channel coding "is the encoding of a redundant information source for transmission over a noisy channel, and the corresponding decoding, using a single code instead of the more conventional steps of source coding followed by channel coding.
Joint source–channel coding has been proposed and implemented for a variety of situations, including speech and videotransmission.

</doc>
<doc id="18788210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788210" title="International Committee for the History of Technology">
International Committee for the History of Technology

The International Committee for the History of Technology (ICOHTEC), was founded at a meeting of the International Congress on the History of Science, Technology, and Medicine in Paris in the summer of 1968. Its founding was the brainchild of Melvin Kranzberg, Professor of the History of Technology at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, in the United States. Kranzberg had already established the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT) and its journal, "Technology and Culture", but he felt that in the midst of Cold War tensions, there was a need for another forum that focused on crossing the artificial borders of the Iron Curtain. For Kranzberg, the History of Technology, a new discipline not yet burdened with ideological or political freight as were other branches of history, was an ideal arena where scholars from East and West could find common ground. Kranzberg was supported in this effort by Maurice Daumas from France, Eugene Olszewski from Poland, and S.J. Schuchardine from the USSR, among others. For the past several decades, ICOHTEC's principal activity has been an "annual meeting", where scholars from many countries and from many disclipines gather and share their work. Papers presented at the meetings are usually published in the Committee's annual journal "ICON".
Kranzberg’s vision was largely fulfilled in the meetings that followed, although exchanges among scholars were not always harmonious. Since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and the breakup of the Soviet Union in the years that followed, ICOHTEC lost its original reason for being. But it has thrived in the following years and continues to have an active international membership and hold well-attended and intellectually lively meetings. One reason is the perception that its sister society, SHOT, remains somewhat biased toward U.S. membership in spite of efforts to reach out more to an international audience.

</doc>
<doc id="18788212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788212" title="Williamsburg Mountain">
Williamsburg Mountain

Williamburg Mountain is actually a high "S" bend in the 150 mile long, Tussey Mountain ridge. 
The mountain was named after the town of Williamsburg, and is actually a local reference which does not show up on USGS maps. This mountain is also referred to as "The Loop" because of its unique shape when viewed from the air. The summit ridge rises prominently over above the town and Frankstown Branch of the Juniata River.
The summit of the mountain has an old lookout tower, which is now closed, and an array of communication towers. You can drive close to the summit by using State Route 866, then you will have to walk the access road to the towers. Pennsylvania State Game Lands 118 occupies the summit area of this mountain along with other parcels along the Tussey Mountain ridge.

</doc>
<doc id="18788220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788220" title="Nansen Sound">
Nansen Sound

Nansen Sound is an uninhabited strait in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada. It lies between western Grant Land on Ellesmere Island and Axel Heiberg Island. To the east it enters Greely Fiord.

</doc>
<doc id="18788264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788264" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Contra Costa County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Contra Costa County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Contra Costa County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="18788266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788266" title="Gouindougouba">
Gouindougouba

Gouindougouba is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,626.

</doc>
<doc id="18788270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788270" title="La Racha">
La Racha

La Racha is Cuca's third album recorded in 1995 in Zurich, Switzerland.
In this production, Jose Fors withdraws from the band to devote himself fully to painting. leaving in his place his brother Alfonso Fors ("Animal").

</doc>
<doc id="18788277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788277" title="Gouindougouni">
Gouindougouni

Gouindougouni is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,254.

</doc>
<doc id="18788282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788282" title="Katierla">
Katierla

Katierla is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 787.

</doc>
<doc id="18788284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788284" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Humboldt County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Humboldt County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="18788287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788287" title="Letiefesse">
Letiefesse

Letiefesse is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in southwestern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,636.

</doc>
<doc id="18788292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788292" title="5th Regiment">
5th Regiment

5th Regiment or 5th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788293" title="Olivieri">
Olivieri

Olivieri is a surname of Italian and Corsican origins. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788296" title="Mambire">
Mambire

Mambire is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 435.

</doc>
<doc id="18788303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788303" title="Notosuchidae">
Notosuchidae

Notosuchidae is a Gondwanan family of notosuchians. They were small-bodied terrestrial crocodyliforms that lived during the Late Cretaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="18788306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788306" title="Edward LeRoy Bowerman">
Edward LeRoy Bowerman

Edward LeRoy Bowerman (born June 2, 1892 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada-died February 17, 1977, in Shellbrook, SK) was a Canadian politician and farmer. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the federal election, 1945 election as a Member of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation for the electoral district of Prince Albert by defeating then Canadian Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King in a huge upset, the last of four times that King was defeated in Canadian politics. Bowerman was defeated in the 1949 election. In honor of Bowerman's tireless service to the provincial government of Saskatchewan, the Parliament named a lake after him in the northern part of the province in 1972.
Bowerman's son, George Reginald Anderson (Ted) Bowerman, was an MLA for Shellbrook from 1967–1982 and member of Premier Allan Blakeney's cabinet from 1971–1982, holding various ministerial positions during the period. Ted was born on the family farm in Shellbrook, SK, in 1930, and died in a car accident on December 20, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18788307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788307" title="Nafona">
Nafona

Nafona is a village in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 773.

</doc>
<doc id="18788309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788309" title="Thomas Cooley (architect)">
Thomas Cooley (architect)

Thomas Cooley (1740–1784) was an English-born Irish architect who came to Dublin from London after winning a competition for the design of Dublin's Royal Exchange in 1768.
Early Years.
Cooley was born to William and Mary Cooley in London and began his career as a carpenter apprenticeship in 1756 with interest in architecture.
Cooley worked as a draughtsman and clerk to the architect and engineer Robert Mylne (1733–1810), while the latter was building Blackfriars Bridge in London, between 1761 and 1769. In 1769, he won the competition to design a new Royal Exchange in Dublin, and the building, now the City Hall, was completed in 1779. The design shows the influence of Mylne's work, which in turn derived from French neoclassical architecture.
Architecture Career and Ireland.
Arriving in Ireland in 1781, Cooley built several public buildings in Dublin in the neoclassical style. Together with James Gandon (1743–1823), Cooley was part of a small school of architects influenced by Sir William Chambers (1723–1796).
Cooley also designed Newgate Prison (demolished 1893), the Marine School, and a chapel, all in Dublin. In 1781 he began another public building in the city, but on his death at the age of 44 in Dublin, the project was handed over to Gandon, who completed it, to his own design, as the Four Courts.
Outside Dublin, Cooley built a number of country houses including Caledon (1779), for James Alexander, later Earl of Caledon. He designed several buildings in Armagh, including the Archbishop's Palace (now the town hall), and the public library.
List of Buildings Designed or Built by Cooley.
This is an incomplete list of buildings from Cooley:
Personal.
From 1781 Cooley remained in Ireland for the rest of his life. He was survived by a son William, daughter and predeceased by his wife.

</doc>
<doc id="18788314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788314" title="Melanie Roach">
Melanie Roach

Melanie Roach (born December 15, 1974 in The Dalles, Oregon) is an Olympic weightlifter for the United States. She lives in Bonney Lake, Washington where she owns Roach Gymnastics, Inc.
During high school, Melanie participated in gymnastics, but dislocated her shoulder. After reconstructive surgery, she slowly became interested in weightlifting. She started training in 1994 once meeting coach John Thrush at Calpian Weightlifting Club. By 1998 she was number one in the US, and set the world record, since bested, for the women's clean & jerk by lifting more than twice her weight, 113 kg/250 lbs. She is 5'2" and 117 lbs.
Three weeks before the US Olympic Trials in 2000, she herniated a disc in her back, and became an alternate. She then focused on starting a family with husband Dan Roach, who is currently serving his fourth term as a Republican in the Washington House of Representatives from the 31st District. Dan is the son of Pam Roach, who is serving her fifth term as a Washington State Senator. She then started training again in 2005, made it past the Olympic Trials, and into the 2008 Summer Olympics. There, she lifted 83 kg in the snatch, a new personal record, 110 kg in the clean & jerk, and a total of 193 kg, a new personal and American record. She placed 6th out of 9.
Roach is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="18788316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788316" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Mendocino County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mendocino County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Mendocino County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="18788319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788319" title="Panga, Burkina Faso">
Panga, Burkina Faso

Panga is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,263.

</doc>
<doc id="18788331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788331" title="Ziedougou">
Ziedougou

Ziedougou is a town in the Soubakaniédougou Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,565.

</doc>
<doc id="18788337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788337" title="William GL Janse van Rensburg">
William GL Janse van Rensburg

William Groenewald Louwrens Janse van Rensburg (April 10, 1939 – August 9, 2008), referred to as "Willie", was the mayor of the city of Johannesburg, South Africa, from 1990 to 1991.
Born to an Afrikaans family on a farm in the northern Free State he spoke fluent Zulu and was known for his sense of humour and exceptional relationships with people of all races.
His wife Marie still resides in Johannesburg.

</doc>
<doc id="18788338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788338" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Santa Clara County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Santa Clara County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Santa Clara County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18788353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788353" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sonoma County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sonoma County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Sonoma County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="18788356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788356" title="Dream of Sleeping">
Dream of Sleeping

Dream of Sleeping is a single member acoustic music project in the alternative or "indie" genres, based in the UK. Neil Cartmell provides the vocals, guitar and piano work for the project. He is also the sole songwriter for the project.
Biography.
Dream of Sleeping began in 2003 with an EP titled "Dream of Sleeping", recorded by Danny Lint and Neil Cartmell. The CD was produced by Lint, who also arranged the music, and the songs were written by Cartmell. The songs on the EP include: "A Sobering Mirror To Look Into", "Continue or Start Again", "I'm Not Writing this Down" and "Time Moves Slower Here". The artwork for the CD showed a moth trapped in a glass with a light shining on it. Lint and Cartmell sent the EP to channel 4 teletext using their middle names on the credits. They received a rating of four out of five and were chosen for demo of the week.
In 2005 Danny Lint left the band and Neil Cartmell kept the name Dream of Sleeping for his future recordings.
Reviews.
Dream of Sleeping has been reviewed by several music magazines including the UK based "Computer Music", who wrote in one review: "The band is well named, what with the downbeat nature of this beautifully melancholic, introspective song. A simple construction of acoustic guitar and voice, with low-level accompaniment from organ and backing vocals, keeps the listener connected to the lyrical sentiment of the song. It's short and sweet, with no time or need for more complex instrumentation.
"Computer music" also reviewed the Dream of Sleeping song "To the Ends of the Earth" in issue number 95.
"Planet Sound"[http://www.teletext.co.uk/PlanetSound/default.aspx] reviewed the song "Scars", giving it a seven out of ten. The review states, "A former winner of best widdler as a metal guitarist, the Leicester singer has certainly changed his style since. Indeed the reason "Scars" works is due to its understated simplicity. Vocals like Coldplay at their most sinister over sparse guitars like classic smog.
Dream of Sleeping was most recently played on "Tom Robinson" a popular UK radio show after being discovered by the host of the show for the second time after a friend know only as "Bob the Spider Turtle" sent more songs to the host including his newer version of an older song called "The Longest Day"

</doc>
<doc id="18788357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788357" title="Anerley, Saskatchewan">
Anerley, Saskatchewan

Anerley is a small hamlet in the western region of Saskatchewan located about 4 km north of Highway 44, about 20 km southwest of the Outlook and is about 125 km south west of Saskatoon.
History.
Anerley before the railway was a well established community, but when the Canadian Northern Railway laid down tracks from Saskatoon, the post office and Anerley School district were skidded into the town site by a large steam-powered tractor. The school had been on the site where Hillcrest Cemetery is now located. During the move sparks from the tractor started a small prairie fire, that was soon put out by the townsfolk. 
In 1912 the Canadian Northern Railway (later Canadian National Railway) brought in lines from Saskatoon, soon after the first two grain elevators were built. A third elevator was built in 1928 by Saskatchewan Wheat Pool.
Notable people.
William Higgitt (November 10, 1917 – April 2, 1989) was the 15th Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) Commissioner (October 1, 1969 – December 28, 1973; succeeding Malcolm Lindsay) and President of the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol) (1972–1976; succeeding Paul Dickopf).

</doc>
<doc id="18788385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788385" title="Ephedra alata">
Ephedra alata

Ephedra alata is a species of "Ephedra" that is native from Morocco and the Sahara in northern Africa, the Middle East and Western Asia, to Central Asia and Southwest Asia. 
It was originally described by Joseph Decaisne in 1834 and placed in section "Alatae", tribe "Tropidolepides" by Otto Stapf in 1889. 
In 1996 Robert A. Price left "E. alata" in section "Alatae" without recognizing a tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18788386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788386" title="Erin Donohue">
Erin Donohue

Erin Donohue (born May 8, 1983 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American athlete who competes in middle distance track events. Donohue qualified for the U.S. Olympic team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 1500 meters.
Donohue competed for Haddonfield Memorial High School in Haddonfield, New Jersey and the University of North Carolina in both middle distance running events and the javelin throw.
At the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Doha, she was sixth in the 1500 m final, running a season's best 4:09.

</doc>
<doc id="18788390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788390" title="Districts of Costa Rica">
Districts of Costa Rica

The cantons of Costa Rica are subdivided into 473 districts ("distritos").

</doc>
<doc id="18788395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788395" title="Mark Nwokeji">
Mark Nwokeji

Mark Obidozie Chukwuemeka Nwokeji (born 30 January 1982) is an English footballer.
Career.
Born in London, Nwokeji was the 200 metres All-England Schoolboy champion prior to becoming a footballer. His former clubs include Walton & Hersham, Harlow Town, Leatherhead, Chesham United, Ware, St Albans City and Staines Town. Whilst with Staines on a part-time basis, Nwokeji studied as a law student.
Nwokeji signed for League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge from Isthmian Premier outfit Staines Town, where he was a prolific goalscorer, in May 2008. He scored on his debut for "the Daggers" on 9 August 2008, in a 6–0 home win against Chester City. He went on to make 20 appearances for Dagenham in all competitions in the 2008–09 season, scoring five times, before suffering a serious knee ligament injury in January 2009 that ruled him out for nine months.
On 12 November 2009, Nwokeji signed for Conference Premier side Luton Town on a two-month loan in order to regain match sharpness after his injury, scoring his first goal for the club in the FA Cup against Rotherham United on 28 November 2009. This was then extended to the end of the season on 13 January 2010, after he impressed Luton manager Richard Money. His loan at the club ended on 7 May 2010.
On 9 June 2010, Nwokeji signed for AFC Wimbledon, subject to scans on a recurrent cruciate ligament injury.
In June 2011, he joined Havant & Waterlooville. However, having failed to secure a first-team spot, making only four appearances, Nwokeji left Havant in September 2011. Later during the 2011–12 season, he rejoined Staines Town. In the Summer of 2012, Mark Nwokeji joined Kingstonian.

</doc>
<doc id="18788410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788410" title="Bullet tuna">
Bullet tuna

The bullet tuna, "Auxis rochei rochei", is a subspecies of tuna, in the family Scombridae, found circumglobally in tropical oceans in open surface waters to depths of 50m (164 ft). Its maximum length is 50.0 cm.
Sometimes called bullet mackerel, the bullet tuna is a comparatively small and slender tuna. It has a triangular first dorsal fin, widely separated from the second dorsal fin, which, like the anal and pectoral fins, is relatively small. There are the usual finlets of the tuna. There is a small corselet of small scales around the pectoral region of the body.
Bullet tunas are blue-black on the back with a pattern of zig-zag dark markings on the upper hind body, and silver below. The fins are dark grey.
They feed on small fish, squid, planktonic crustaceans, and stomatopod larvae. 

</doc>
<doc id="18788416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788416" title="8th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
8th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment

8th Illinois Volunteer Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788432" title="Gerry Murphy (rugby union)">
Gerry Murphy (rugby union)

Gerry Murphy is a former Irish rugby coach and player and currently involved with Leinster Rugby as Domestic Team manager.
Playing career.
He first played for Dublin University and Wanderers.
Coaching.
He began his coaching career at Wanderers. He has coached Clontarf RFC and the Ireland U-21s. He was in charge of the senior Ireland team from 1992 to 1995, notably beating England, twice home and away, in 1993 and 1994. Murphy also lead Ireland to the quarter-finals of the 1995 Rugby World Cup.
He has coached Terenure College RFC and the Leinster A team, as well as a spell as interim coach for the Leinster senior squad following the departure of Declan Kidney mid-way through the 2004/05 season. 
Gerry is currently the Provincial Domestic Team Manager. In this role he oversees the Leinster’s underage representative strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="18788443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788443" title="Tu Cuca Madre Ataca de Nuevo">
Tu Cuca Madre Ataca de Nuevo

Tu Cuca Madre Ataca de Nuevo is the second disc from Cuca, a Mexican hard rock group originally from Guadalajara, Jalisco, recorded in 1993 in Surrey, England.

</doc>
<doc id="18788452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788452" title="Tiéfora">
Tiéfora

Tiéfora is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. It is the capital of Tiéfora Department, and the town has a population of 4,673.

</doc>
<doc id="18788456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788456" title="1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 400m Individual Medley">
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 400m Individual Medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 400 metres Individual Medley event at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships were held on Thursday 17 April 1997 in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18788457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788457" title="Ephedra przewalskii">
Ephedra przewalskii

Ephedra przewalskii is a species of "Ephedra" that is native to northwestern China and Mongolia. 
It was originally described by Otto Stapf in 1889 and placed in section "Alatae", tribe "Tropidolepides". In 1996 Robert A. Price left "E. przewalskii" in section "Alatae" without recognizing a tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18788460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788460" title="Bamako, Comoé">
Bamako, Comoé

Bamako is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,383.

</doc>
<doc id="18788465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788465" title="Joseph D. Schulman">
Joseph D. Schulman

Joseph D. (Daniel) Schulman is a physician, medical researcher, and biomedical entrepreneur in the fields of genetics diseases and human reproduction.
Life.
Schulman was born in 1941 in Brooklyn, New York. Schulman worked at Cambridge University with Drs. Robert Geoffrey Edwards and Patrick Steptoe helping to develop the first methods for successful human in-vitro fertilization (IVF).
Career.
In 1974, Schulman joined the staff of the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development where he headed the Section on Human Biochemical Genetics, and founded and was first Director of the Interinstitute Program in Medical Genetics. He remained at the National Institutes of Health until 1983. During this period, the major research contributions of Schulman and his associates were in the field of the inborn errors of metabolism, especially diseases of sulfur metabolism. They demonstrated that cystinosis is a lysosomal storage disease caused by hereditary absence of the transmembrane lysosomal carrier for cystine, and proved that the enzyme gammma-glutamyl transpeptidase was not, contrary to current theory, required for normal transcellular amino acid transport. Schulman and David Cogan of the National Eye Institute were also the first to utilize cysteamine eyedrops for treatment of the painful photophobia and ocular crystals characteristic of cystinosis, and this treatment is widely utilized today. The prevention of abnormal genital masculinization in female fetuses with congenital adrenal hyperplasia by prenatal administration of dexamethasone to the mother, first proposed and utilized by Schulman and his colleagues at NIH, has also become a widely accepted therapy.
In 1984, Schulman founded the Genetics & IVF Institute, which has pioneered the development and early introduction of numerous innovative diagnoses and treatments in human genetics and infertility, and is now an international company in these fields. 
The Institute was the first in the United States to introduce transvaginal non-surgical IVF (replacing laparoscopy and now the standard method worldwide), and also to report pregnancies using ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection) for the treatment of severe male infertility. The Institute also was one of the first centers in the world to introduce chorionic villus sampling (CVS) as an earlier alternative to amniocentesis for prenatal diagnosis, the first to offer clinical testing for certain common mutations in the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes which cause a significant fraction of hereditary breast cancers, and the first to offer prenatal testing for cystic fibrosis. Schulman and associates also developed the world's first system for the use of non-disclosing preimplantation genetic testing for the prevention of Huntington disease. More recently, Schulman and his colleagues have established that flow-cytometric sorting (MicroSort) of living human sperm can greatly modify the proportion of viable X-bearing and Y-bearing sperm and that such technology can substantially increase the proportion of girls or boys born after insemination with sorted sperm. The Institute under Schulman's direction was also responsible for starting the first modern genetics/infertility treatment center in China, and this facility in Shanghai is currently one of the largest IVF programs in the world.
Schulman was CEO of the Genetics & IVF Institute until 1998, and remains Chairman of its Board of Directors. He is also an affiliate professor at the medical schools of Virginia Commonwealth University and the University of California - San Diego. Additional information on Schulman and his work is provided in Marquis Who's Who and various online sources including the Medline database of biomedical publications.
Schulman is the author of "Robert G. Edwards A Personal Viewpoint", a personal account of Nobel Laureate, Robert G. Edwards, and events that are relevant to the development of modern methods of assisted reproduction.

</doc>
<doc id="18788469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788469" title="Biton, Burkina Faso">
Biton, Burkina Faso

Biton, Burkina Faso is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,429.

</doc>
<doc id="18788479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788479" title="Girolamo Conversi">
Girolamo Conversi

Girolamo Conversi (fl. 1572–1575) was an Italian composer of the late Renaissance. His music, which was popular from the 1570s through the 1590s, was noted for its combination of the light "canzone alla napolitana" with the literary and musical sophistication of the madrigal. He appears to have written only secular vocal music.
Life.
Little is known of his life but what can be inferred from the dedications to his madrigal books. He was born in Correggio in Reggio Emilia. In 1575 he dedicated a book of madrigals to Antoine Perrenot de Granvelle, the Spanish Viceroy of Naples, and described himself as being in that man's service. Whether he lived in Naples at the time, or elsewhere in the Spanish Kingdom of Naples, is not known. Since his only publications after 1575 are reprints – in copious quantity – he may have died around that year. Unusually for a popular composer of the time, he seems to have held no positions either in aristocratic courts or religious institutions for which records have been kept.
Music and influence.
Conversi's music is distinguished by its marriage of the lightness of the Neapolitan villanella, also known as the "canzone alla napolitana", with the more serious and literary character of the madrigal. The combination was successful, and Conversi's music was reprinted often during the late 16th century; his music appeared in anthologies as far away as England. His first collection, a book of "canzoni alla napoletana" for five voices originally published in 1572, went through no less than seven reprints before 1589. Another publication of Conversi's, possibly posthumous, is a volume of madrigals for six voices which appeared in 1584, but which was probably a reprint of an earlier volume, the original for which has been lost. Yet another book of madrigals, for five voices, is mentioned in a 1604 catalogue of publications by the Florentine Giunti firm of booksellers and printers, but no copy of it has yet been found.
Conversi rarely (if ever) set verse by living poets, preferring writers such as Petrarch, Pietro Bembo, Castiglione, and Luca Contile. Nowhere is his tendency to use sharp contrasts to underline and enhance his texts more apparent than in his setting of Petrarch's "Zefiro torna", a setting which was evidently known to Claudio Monteverdi, whose own version in his "Sixth Book of Madrigals" is considerably more famous. The form of the poem is a Petrarchan sonnet, and Conversi sets the octave, which celebrates the return of springtime, with a quick and light patter of notes drawn from the pastoral Neapolitan canzona; and the sestet, in which the lover mourns the loss of his beloved, arrives in a sombre and slow G minor.
Some of Conversi's vocal textures show the influence of instrumental music, as they have homophonic and dancelike sections easily playable on instruments without changing a note. Orazio Vecchi was likely familiar with these works, as is evident from his own compositions in the style. While Vecchi held a post in Correggio in the 1580s, it is not known if the two men were acquaintances.

</doc>
<doc id="18788480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788480" title="Bondorola">
Bondorola

Bondorola is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 615.

</doc>
<doc id="18788488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788488" title="Boulo">
Boulo

Boulo is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,444.
Boulo also is an exclamation in Oriya meaning "Oh Mother !".

</doc>
<doc id="18788495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788495" title="Llangelynin railway station">
Llangelynin railway station

Llangelynin station was a single-platform halt on the Cambrian Line, which served the small village of Llangelynin in Gwynedd, Wales. It was opened in 1930 by the Great Western Railway and was known as "Llangelynin Halt".
It was closed by British Rail in 1991; all stations had to be lit at night on safety grounds and it was deemed not worth the upgrade. The line is still open, but trains no longer call at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="18788499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788499" title="Boussanra">
Boussanra

Boussanra is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 421.

</doc>
<doc id="18788504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788504" title="Boussanra Brousse">
Boussanra Brousse

Boussanra Brousse is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 2,654.

</doc>
<doc id="18788511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788511" title="Djandoro">
Djandoro

Djandoro is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,497.

</doc>
<doc id="18788517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788517" title="Stih &amp; Schnock">
Stih &amp; Schnock

Stih & Schnock is a Berlin-based artist duo, formed by Renata Stih, Professor at the Berlin University of Applied Sciences and curator at the Museum of Art Fort Lauderdale, and Frieder Schnock, PhD in Art History. Their works, which often have caused debate in German society, deal primarily with collective memory in society. The Holocaust is also a recurring reference for their artistic interventions. Their works have been exhibited in Berlin, at the Staatsgalerie Stuttgart, the Museum of Art Fort Lauderdale, the Jewish Museum of New York and at Washington University, St. Louis.
Andreas Huyssen, Professor at Columbia University, and James E. Young, Professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst have given critical attention to Stih & Schnock's works as examples of the 'counter-monument'.

</doc>
<doc id="18788520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788520" title="Dramandougou">
Dramandougou

Dramandougou is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,217.

</doc>
<doc id="18788521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788521" title="Valentin Naboth">
Valentin Naboth

Valentin Naboth (also spelled "Valentine Naibod" or "Nabod") (13 February 1523 – 3 March 1593), known by the latinized name Valentinus Naiboda, was a German mathematician, astronomer and astrologer.
Life and academic career.
Valentin Naboth was born in Calau (Niederlausitz) to an originally Jewish family. He was the younger brother of the Lutheran theologian and author Alexius Naboth. In 1544, Valentin immatriculated at the University of Wittenberg, at the time Philipp Melanchthon, Erasmus Reinhold, Johannes Bugenhagen, Paul Eber, and Georg Major taught there. In 1550 he transferred to the University of Erfurt.
Valentin Naboth was Baccalaurean when he came from Wittenberg to Erfurt, and had certainly an outstanding mathematical ability. The Faculty council took on the risk to turn the courses in Mathematics over to this gifted but troubled Renaissance spirit even though he had not yet a Magister degree. That decision was made at the meeting of 16 August 1551, and from then on Naboth taught Mathematics and Sphaera materialis. He also taught in the summer semester and winter semester of 1552. There was a plague epidemic, and the courses were shortened; Liborius Mangold taught only rhetoric and Naboth Sphaera. The conscientious Liborius Mangold from Warburg, who was Dean, did not seem to get along with the much favored mathematician Naboth, and when the latter even borrowed money from the University for the Magister's examination, Liborius wrote to the Dean's book, ""quod prius nunquam nec visum nec auditum fuit"". Valentin Naboth passed the examination. But right after he had his Magister’s degree, he wrote on February 6 a letter to the Faculty about which the Dean remarked that a letter in such a tone had never been seen or heard of before. Maybe it was one of the reasons why Liborius Mangold gave up after twelve years as rector of St. Georgsburse and a professor of physics and rhetoric, and accepted an administrative position in his native town of Warburg. But not only he left. Without saying a word Valentin Naboth went as well. The faculty waited in vain for him for the summer semester 1553, he didn’t come. The Faculty was still hoping for Naboth’s return and waited some more before replacing him. But Naboth had gone to the University of Cologne and matriculated there with the intention to teach mathematics at this major University – which he succeeded to do. Naboth remained in Cologne for a decade, but then this restless spirit couldn’t stay any longer, he moved on to the center of the mathematical studies of that time, at the University of Padua, and taught and wrote there. He had always been an eccentric, and became even more so over there.
From 1555 mathematician and physician Valentin Naboth taught mathematics at the University of Cologne, first privately, and from 1557 to 1564 as the holder of a "City" Professorship of mathematics. He succeeded Justus Velsius, who in 1556, on account of teachings deemed heretical by the Church, was obliged to leave Cologne. Dutch mathematician Rudolph Snellius was one of his students in Cologne. <br>
In 1556 he published the first book of Euclid, and then his own mathematical commentary on the Arab astrologer Alchabitius, 1560, in which he opposed magic and superstition. In his mathematical work he followed Regiomontanus; but further on he preferred Ptolemy – in agreement with Cardanus. He prepared an edition of Ptolemy’s "Quadripartitus", but that was never published. In his commentary, he thanked the City that they had him remunerated in the early years, when mathematics was the only discipline not yet integrated into the general University curriculum. If this remark is true – and that can hardly be questioned – then the official Professorship of Mathematics had in fact only now been established. However, in 1563 Laurentianer Petrus Linner requested that Naboth’s lecture be moved to another time, since he himself taught mathematics at his Gymnasium at the very same time. With that he opened up the discussion about competition from the Faculty and College curriculum. Furthermore, he argued that Naboth didn’t have a Magister degree from Cologne, but from somewhere else. And indeed, the Dean decided that henceforth no one could teach a course in the Schola Artium when simultaneously a lecture took place in one of three Gymnasiums. The basic problem with the Arts studies in Cologne could not have been made any clearer than that. Right away, Naboth took the consequences: he left Cologne and later taught in Padua.
In March 1564 Naboth resigned from his position at the University of Cologne. He visited Paris, where he met Czech humanist Šimon Proxenus ze Sudetu (1532–1575), who introduced him to Petrus Ramus. Afterwards Naboth traveled to Italy, eventually settling in Padua, where he taught astronomy. Among his students there was a nephew of Prince Stephen Báthory of Transylvania.
Work.
Naboth was the author of a general textbook on astrology "Enarratio elementorum astrologiae". Renowned for calculating the mean annual motion of the Sun, his writings are chiefly devoted to commenting upon Ptolemy and the Arabian astrologers. Naboth teaches the calculation of the movement of the planets according to the Prutenic Tables of Erasmus Reinhold. He advocated a measure of time, by which (the mean daily motion of the Sun in longitude) is equated to 1 year of life in calculating primary directions. This was a refinement of Ptolemy’s value of exactly 1 degree per year. This book was banned by the Roman Catholic Church.
<br>
In 1573 Naboth published an astronomy textbook for gymnasium students "Primarum de coelo et terra", which was dedicated to Stephen Báthory. There can be no doubt that Naboth was working from De revolutionibus orbium coelestium when he wrote this textbook, since in this book he provides schematics of the conventional model of the solar system, Martianus Capella's geo-heliocentric model, as well as Copernicus' heliocentric model. Tycho Brahe owned an early copy of this book, and since this book contains the first schematic representation of Capella's geo-heliocentric model it is likely that this book provided the inspiration for Tycho's geo-heliocentric model. Wittich may also have been influenced by Naboth's book in adopting the Capellan system to explain the motion of the inferior planets, and Kepler may have used this book as well. In this book Naboth introduced the expression "world system" ("systema mundi, mundanum systema, systema universitatis", and also "systema coeleste, systema caelorum" and "systema aethereum"), a concept that was later adopted by Tycho, Kepler, and by Galilei as well.
Final years.
Naboth came to a bad end. Tommaso Campanella, in a work published in Lyons in 1629, tells the story that Naboth was living in Padua, Italy, when he deduced from his own horoscope that he was about to enter a period of personal danger, so he stockpiled an adequate supply of food and drink, closed his blinds, and locked his doors and windows, intending to stay in hiding until the period of danger had passed. Unfortunately, some robbers, seeing the house closed and the blinds drawn, decided that the resident was absent. They therefore broke into what they thought was an empty house, and, finding Naboth there, murdered him to conceal their identities. Thus he did not escape the fate predicted by his own astrological calculations: ""Ducunt volentem fata, nolentem trahunt"".
Abraham Sandeck recorded in the Acts of the German Artistennation 1593 the following event: "On the third of March, there happened a tragic incident involving Valentin Naboth of Silesia, sixty years old, a famous mathematician: he was found dead in his study, some ways away from frequently travelled areas, wounded by five wounds: one in the breast under the left nipple, another on his left side, the third in the right abdomen, the fourth under his navel, and the fifth in the left hand."

</doc>
<doc id="18788528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788528" title="Amberlite">
Amberlite

Amberlite is the tradename of a range of ion-exchange resins.

</doc>
<doc id="18788529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788529" title="HMS Providence">
HMS Providence

Eleven ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS "Providence". Another was intended to bear the name:
In popular culture:

</doc>
<doc id="18788534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788534" title="Fandiora">
Fandiora

Fandiora is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,329.

</doc>
<doc id="18788541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788541" title="Houetiara">
Houetiara

Houetiara is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 930.

</doc>
<doc id="18788547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788547" title="Kangounaba">
Kangounaba

Kangounaba is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,154.

</doc>
<doc id="18788550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788550" title="Auxis">
Auxis

Auxis is a of ocean-dwelling ray-finned bony fish in the family Scombridae, and tribe Thunnini, also known as the tunas. "Auxis", commonly and collectively called the frigate tunas, is one of five genera of tunas which comprise the Thunnini tribe. 
In Japan the two species in the genus are collectively called , and this is also the common genus name. In Japanese cuisine, these fish are processed into , a product much like , though not really used in fine-dining restaurants or as condiment, but as a fish stock ingredient at more budget type popular-dining places, e.g., noodle shops. 
Although fresh fish might be eaten as sashimi or grilled, it has a lot of dark-red meat (), so it is valued much less than the similar "" (skipjack tuna). And it degrades quickly so shipment out to market is limited. The frigate tuna () is considered superior between the two.
Species.
There are two species in the genus "Auxis", each with two subspecies.:

</doc>
<doc id="18788557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788557" title="Thorpe Lubenham">
Thorpe Lubenham

Thorpe Lubenham is a deserted settlement and former civil parish in the English midland county of Northamptonshire.
Thorpe Lubenham lies to the south of the Leicestershire village of Lubenham and south of the River Welland which forms the county boundary. The area is part of the civil parish of Marston Trussell and the district of Daventry.

</doc>
<doc id="18788562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788562" title="Leonardo Cota">
Leonardo Cota

Leonardo Cota (1816 – 1887) was a Captain with the Californios in the Mexican–American War; and later a Los Angeles County Supervisor.
Leonardo Cota.
Leonardo Cota (1816–1887) was born during the Mexican War of Independence in Mexico, the son of Guillermo Cota. Leonardo Cota married Maria Rosa Yorba, daughter of "Californio" Rancho Cañón de Santa Ana owner Bernardo Yorba. At the time of the Placerita Canyon gold discovery of 1842, Cota was a clerk-registrar at Pueblo de Los Angeles, under the services of his cousin, Governor Pio Pico, who would be known as the last governor of Alta California under Mexican rule. During this time, Pio Pico speculated on the success of the gold strike, and made Pueblo de Los Angeles, the regional capital of Alta-California.
At the start of the Mexican–American War, Leonardo Cota enlisted with the Californios, along with his cousin, Andrés Pico, the brother of Governor Pico. Together, both would reach the rank of Captain, but due to the influence of Pico's brother, Andres would be raised to the rank of General in charge of the Californios. Being good with weapons on horseback, Cota would command the Californio Lancers. In the many battles he participated in Alta-California, Cota would be remembered for his role at The Battle of San Pasqual, where he and his men were discovered in the San Pasqual Valley by a small group of U.S. Army soldiers. When the soldiers of General Stephen Watts Kearny came into the valley to engage Cota and his men, they were routed by "Capitan Cota's Lancers". With the additional quick response of General Pico's army, they forced Kearny and his men toward what is today called Mule Hill, where a standoff ensued. Several days later, Pico's army withdrew in response to U.S. Army re-enforcements from San Diego.
After the Mexican-American War, and the California Republic becoming part of the United States, Leonardo Cota acquired additional land in California, and continued to play a prominent position in Pueblo de Los Angeles. Cota became one of the early Los Angeles County Supervisors in 1853. Leonardo Cota would later retire to his adobe homestead in what is today the city of Covina, California. In 1850, he would be one of the founders of the city of Santa Ana, California in Orange County. He died in Southern California in 1887.
Guillermo Cota.
Juan Ignacio Guillermo Cota (1768–1844) was born in Loreto, Baja California. He was the son and nephew of Pueblo Los Angeles escorto soldier-founders, Roque and Pablo Antonio Cota. Guillermo Cota was a comisionado of Pueblo de Los Angeles, and mayor of Los Angeles. He had four children by his first marriage in 1794 to Maria Manuela Elizalde (1777–1803). After her death, Guillermo Cota married Maria Manuela Nieto (1788–1832) who inherited Rancho Los Cerritos at the death of her father, Manuel Nieto, in 1804. They had twelve children including Francisco Cota, Leonardo Cota, and Maria Engracia Cota-Dominguez (see:Manuel Dominguez).
Francisco Cota.
Francisco Cota (1825–1906) was born in Spanish Colonial Mexico, the son of Guillermo Cota, and brother of Leonardo Cota. Cota married Martina Madelena Machado, daughter of californio (Mexican) Rancho La Ballona owner Jose Agustin Antonio Machado.

</doc>
<doc id="18788565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788565" title="Kangounadeni">
Kangounadeni

Kangounadeni is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,521.

</doc>
<doc id="18788569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788569" title="Zombina and The Skeletones">
Zombina and The Skeletones

Zombina and the Skeletones are a horror rock band from Liverpool, England, formed in 1998 around the nucleus of vocalist Zombina and songwriter Doc Horror. The majority of their tongue in cheek lyrical content deals with themes of horror and science fiction, yet their musical style is upbeat and pop oriented, with elements of garage punk, doo wop and hard rock. Due to their apparent obsession with B Movies and black humour their fanbase extends to the gothic rock, deathrock and psychobilly scenes.
History.
Formation.
Zombina met Doc Horror at Calderstones School in 1998. United by a love of Halloween, horror, 50s rock'n'roll, metal and punk music, they started a band called The Deformed, producing a demo tape; "No Sleep 'Til Transylvania", in early 1999. This tape featured songs that would later become Zombina and The Skeletones staples; "The Grave... And Beyond!", "Braindead" and "Leave My Brain Alone"; and established a strong B-Movie informed horror theme recalling the early efforts of The Misfits and The Cramps.
Career.
In 2005, Zombina and The Skeletones were a featured unsigned band on Mark Radcliffe's showBBC Radio 2. They have also toured the UK with bands such as The Damned, The Misfits, and The Meteors.
2006 saw the band headlining Lumous Gothic Festival, Finland. Then in 2007, they played at the Wave-Gotik-Treffen, the very large goth/alternative festival in Leipzig, Germany. They have also played the British Whitby Gothic Weekend four times, first in 2004 and most recently in 2013.
They have been featured in the UK magazine, Bizarre, and played live at the 2008 "Bizarre Ball" in London. They were scheduled to appear at Abertoir, the Welsh Horror Festival, and performed as part of the festival.
The band was largely in hiatus during 2012, performing only one show (supporting the Primitives). A new EP, "That Doll Just Tried To Kill Me", was released at Halloween 2012, with a Halloween show on the 3rd of November 2012 in Liverpool, anticipating an album release in early 2013.
Reviews.
The band has received much critique, including "Fucking superb" -- Drowned in Sound., with their 2005 "Counting on your Suicide" picked by veteran goth/punk journalist Mick Mercer as one of his "Thirty best goth records of all time".

</doc>
<doc id="18788570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788570" title="Labola Foukara">
Labola Foukara

Labola Foukara is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 412.

</doc>
<doc id="18788571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788571" title="HMS Chester (1743)">
HMS Chester (1743)

HMS "Chester" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Deptford to the dimensions laid down in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 18 February 1743.
"Chester" was sold out of the navy in 1767.

</doc>
<doc id="18788573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788573" title="Queensferry High School">
Queensferry High School

Queensferry High School (also known as Queensferry Community High School) is a six-year comprehensive school in the town of South Queensferry, Scotland, run by the City of Edinburgh Council. It was opened in 1970 by Princess Margaret marking the 900th anniversary of the arrival of Queen Margaret in Queensferry. Currently it has 761 students, predominantly from Echline Primary School, Queensferry Primary School, Dalmeny Primary School and Kirkliston Primary School. It was made a School of Ambition in 2007.
School life.
A school uniform was reintroduced in 2005. It consists of black trousers or skirt, with a black or white shirt, and a tie bearing the school's registered tartan "the ferry fling". Blazers are optional for junior students, and required for senior students.
Buildings.
The school buildings, corresponding with increasing student numbers, have been much extended from their original 1970 form. In 1995 a recreation wing was added, with a substantial extension to the school being added in 1997 and a total refurbishment being undertaken in 1998. The school has, however, retained its characteristic asymmetric red stairwells.
Academic records.
The table below shows the fourth year pass rates at Level 3 (Standard Grade Foundation level or equivalent) or better, Level 4 (Standard Grade General level or equivalent) or better and Level 5 (Standard Grade Credit level or equivalent) or better for Queensferry High School in the 2006/2007 academic year, contrasted with pass rates for Edinburgh and Scotland as a whole.
The table below shows as a percentage the amount of students from the previous year's fourth years who went on to pass one or more, three or more or five or more level 6 examinations (Highers) in 2006/2007. 37% of those fourth years had left and so attained none. This compared to a city-wide and national rate of 35% leaving.
Below is a breakdown of what the leavers of Queensferry High School during the 2006/2007 academic year went on to do. A high percentage of leavers went directly into employment.
In the news.
In the early hours of 22 February 2008 the school was petrol bombed by three former pupils, blowing out an external wall at the back of the school and destroying a ground floor English classroom. No one was harmed as no one was in the school at the time.

</doc>
<doc id="18788575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788575" title="Sarah Cooper">
Sarah Cooper

Sarah Jane Cooper (1848–1932) was an English marmalade maker and wife of Frank Cooper (1844–1927).
Sarah Cooper was born Sarah Jane Gill in Beoley, Worcestershire in 1848. In 1872 she got married in Clifton, Bristol to Frank Cooper of Oxford and they made their home at 31 Kingston Road, Oxford.
In 1867 Frank had inherited the family grocery shop at 84 High Street, Oxford. In 1874 Frank expanded the business into 83 High Street next door, and the Coopers gave up their house in Kingston Road to live over the shop. Sarah, then aged 24, made of marmalade to her own recipe. The marmalade became a regular product of Frank Cooper's business, being made behind the shop until 1903 when he moved production to a new purpose-built factory at 27 Park End Street.
Frank Cooper's business was taken over in 1964 and production left Oxford in 1967. However, its marmalades and jams remain in production as a brand of Premier Foods, which continues to call its leading Frank Cooper's product "Oxford" Marmalade. Since 2001, 84 High Street has been marked by an Oxfordshire Blue Plaque commemorating Sarah Cooper's achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="18788576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788576" title="Labola Kassianra">
Labola Kassianra

Labola Kassianra is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 322.

</doc>
<doc id="18788585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788585" title="Labola Koumoussanra">
Labola Koumoussanra

Labola Koumoussanra is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 453.

</doc>
<doc id="18788588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788588" title="La Invasión de los Blátidos">
La Invasión de los Blátidos

La Invasión de los Blátidos is the first disc Cuca, grouping Mexican hard rock originally from Guadalajara, Jalisco recorded in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18788590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788590" title="Portnalong">
Portnalong

Portnalong () is a small village on north west of the Isle of Skye on the shore of Loch Harport. Portnalong is Gaelic for "harbour of the ships". It was founded by crofters from Lewis and Harris in 1921.
Portnalong served as a refueling point for allied shipping during World War II. Also in World War II the surrounding hills were used to train the Norwegian resistance soldiers who were involved in the Norwegian heavy water sabotage.
Portnalong and Fiscavaig are both crofting townships in the North Talisker common grazings where 69 crofters hold in common the sheep stock club that manages that commons.

</doc>
<doc id="18788592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788592" title="Labola Nambalfo">
Labola Nambalfo

Labola Nambalfo is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,025.

</doc>
<doc id="18788593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788593" title="Fred Mader">
Fred Mader

Fred "Frenchy" Mader (born 1883 - died ?) was an American labor leader and organized crime figure active in the Chicago, Illinois, labor movement in the 1910s and 1920s. He was president of the influential Chicago Building and Construction Trades Council, a coalition of construction unions, for nine months in 1922.
Early career.
Fred Mader was born in Chicago in 1883. When he was 14 years old, he went to work for a year at Marshall Field's running cash from the safe to the counters. He worked for a stockbroker for three years, and then spent a year working for a company which installed light fixtures in homes and apartment buildings. He moved to New York City for nine months and worked as a fixture hanger there for nine months before returning to Chicago.
Once back in Chicago, Mader joined Local 381 of the Fixture Hangers' Union, and by 1915 was the local's assistant business agent. His job was to roam construction sites, ensuring that the terms of union contracts were honored by employers.
Mader also became involved with organized crime. He was an associate of Timothy D. "Big Tim" Murphy, a mobster and labor racketeer who controlled several major railroad, laundry and dye workers' unions during the 1910s and early 1920s. In 1915, Mader was accused in court testimony of asking local business owners for protection money in exchange for not having their expensive glass windows constantly broken. Mader was sentenced to three years in prison for extortion.
After his release from prison, Mader rose quickly within Local 381, becoming its president. He was also influential in the electrical workers' union. Mader's growing importance and power within Chicago's labor movement led him to be elected president of the Chicago Building and Construction Trades Council (BCTC) on February 17, 1922. A split had emerged in the BCTC over whether to accept an arbitration award lowering wages throughout the city's construction industry, and the faction opposing the award was ousted from its leadership positions. It was later alleged that Mader won election as BCTC president due to the strong-arm tactics of "Big Tim" Murphy.
Presidency of the BCTC.
Just six weeks after his election, Mader was indicted for assault with a deadly weapon after allegedly attacking an electrician who had performed work assigned to the fixture hangers. Mader strongly denounced the indictment, pointing out that the alleged victim had not bothered to file charges or show up in court as a witness, and that an employer's secretary had lodged the complaint with the police.
On May 6, 1922, Mader, Murphy, Cornelius Shea, and six other labor leaders were arrested and charged with the murder of a Chicago police officer. On May 24, the state asked for nolle prosequi and the court agreed to withdraw the indictments.
The trial ended Mader's presidency of the BCTC. A Chicago court refused to release Mader on bail unless he pledged to step down as BCTC president. He hesitated, but agreed on May 28, 1922, and was released on a $75,000 bond (about $982,000 in 2008 inflation-adjusted dollars).
During the murder trial, Mader was also indicted on a charge of conspiring to delay the construction of the Drake Hotel. On June 8, 1922, Mader offered to plead guilty to the charge to avoid a prison term, but the plea deal was refused. During the trial, eyewitness testimony accused Mader of bribery, running a gang of "sluggers" to beat and intimidate others in the labor movement, extortion, bombings, and other crimes. Mader was convicted of this charge on June 19, 1922, and sentenced to a year in prison and a $1,000 fine. The sentence was overturned by the Supreme Court of Illinois in 1924.
The state of Illinois issued a new indictment against Mader and two others in August. The charges were the murder of a police lieutenant, extortion, assault, and bombing.
As Mader's second murder trial began, Mader attempted to withdraw his resignation as president of the BCTC (which was to have been effective at the BCTC's regular board meeting in November). Reacting to Mader's refusal, international unions belonging to the Building and Construction Trades Department of the American Federation of Labor, the BCTC's parent organization, acted to build a consensus against Mader, have him removed from office, and a new president elected. These efforts proved successful on November 13, 1922, ending Mader's presidency after just nine months. Edward Ryan, a business agent for the ornamental ironworkers' union, succeeded him.
Mader's second murder trial opened a day after his removal as BCTC president. The Illinois Attorney General's case was somewhat weak, however, and the trial court judge rebuked the state several times on the opening day for abusing the judicial process. The prosecution rested after two days. Mader's attorneys first produced a witness who not only provided an alibi for Mader at the time of the murder, but who claimed he had been taken by Chicago police to Colorado and prevented from testifying in Mader's behalf during the first trial. The following day, Mader's attorneys dropped a bombshell when an ex-police lieutenant testified that the Chicago Police Department had framed Mader and planted evidence used in the trial. The jury was unconvinced by the state's case, and Mader was declared not-guilty on November 25, 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18788597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788597" title="Labola Sankrala">
Labola Sankrala

Labola Sankrala is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 825.

</doc>
<doc id="18788603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788603" title="Novarese">
Novarese

Novarese is an English and Italian adjective meaning ‘pertaining to Novara’, a city in Piedmont in north-west Italy, or ‘pertaining to the Province of Novara’. As a noun the primary meaning is ‘a person (etc.) from Novara’; it is also an Italian surname. 
It refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788607" title="Libora">
Libora

Libora is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 953.

</doc>
<doc id="18788613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788613" title="Șcheia, Iași">
Șcheia, Iași

Şcheia is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Căueşti, Cioca-Boca, Poiana Şcheii, Satu Nou and Şcheia. It also included Drăguşeni and Frenciugi villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Drăguşeni Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18788614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788614" title="Loubora">
Loubora

Loubora is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 155.

</doc>
<doc id="18788623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788623" title="Stolniceni-Prăjescu">
Stolniceni-Prăjescu

Stolniceni-Prăjescu is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Brăteşti, Cozmeşti and Stolniceni-Prăjescu.

</doc>
<doc id="18788628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788628" title="Moussoumourou">
Moussoumourou

Moussoumourou is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in South-Western Burkina Faso. The town has a rough population of 1,108.

</doc>
<doc id="18788634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788634" title="Nadrifa">
Nadrifa

Nadrifa is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 142.

</doc>
<doc id="18788635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788635" title="Sirețel">
Sirețel

Siretel is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Berezlogi, Humosu, Satu Nou, Slobozia and Sireţel.

</doc>
<doc id="18788639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788639" title="Sinești, Iași">
Sinești, Iași

Sineşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bocniţa, Osoi, Sineşti and Storneşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18788644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788644" title="Scobinți">
Scobinți

Scobinţi is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bădeni, Feteşti, Scobinţi, Sticlăria and Zagavia.

</doc>
<doc id="18788648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788648" title="Naniagara">
Naniagara

Naniagara is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,662.

</doc>
<doc id="18788650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788650" title="HMS Harwich (1743)">
HMS Harwich (1743)

HMS "Harwich" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built to the dimensions laid down in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment at Harwich, and launched on 22 December 1743.
Her captain, William Adams, was killed in 1748 during Edward Boscawen's unsuccessful siege of Pondicherry during the War of the Austrian Succession.
At some point around in 1757 or shortly before, "Harwich" captured the "Maria Louisa Magdalena", "Messagere", and "Comte de Maurepas". She shared the prize money, by agreement, with and .
"Harwich" was wrecked in 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="18788653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788653" title="Schitu Duca">
Schitu Duca

Schitu Duca is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of eight villages: Blaga, Dumitreştii Gălăţii, Pocreaca, Poiana, Poieni, Satu Nou, Schitu Duca and Slobozia.

</doc>
<doc id="18788655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788655" title="Scânteia, Iași">
Scânteia, Iași

Scânteia is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bodeşti, Boroşeşti, Ciocârleşti, Lunca Rateş, Rediu, Scânteia and Tufeştii de Sus.
Road accident.
In 2009, Romania's deadliest road accident for fifteen years, a bus and train collision, killed at least 13 people in Scânteia.

</doc>
<doc id="18788664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788664" title="Sakora">
Sakora

Sakora is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,869.

</doc>
<doc id="18788665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788665" title="Ruginoasa, Iași">
Ruginoasa, Iași

Ruginoasa is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Dumbrăviţa, Rediu, Ruginoasa and Vascani.

</doc>
<doc id="18788668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788668" title="Castle Pinckney Light">
Castle Pinckney Light

Castle Pinckney Light is a former lighthouse on Shutes' Folly Island in Charleston Harbor, Charleston County, South Carolina.
Castle Pinckney was a small fort that was built in the 1790s. It was occupied by Confederate forces during the Civil War. 
History.
In 1855 a yellow tower with a focal plane of was built at Castle Pinckney. It has a 5th order Fresnel lens. 
In 1878 Castle Pinckney was transferred to the Lighthouse Board for use as a lighthouse depot for the Sixth District. A new lighthouse was constructed in 1880. 
A third lighthouse was constructed in 1890 and it was made a lighthouse station. 
In 1916 the lighthouse depot was moved to Tradd Street in Charleston. The lighthouse station was deactivated in 1917 and Castle Pinckney was transferred to the War Department. The lighthouse was probably destroyed in 1938. 
Castle Pinckney is currently owned by the South Carolina State Port Authority. 

</doc>
<doc id="18788674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788674" title="Roșcani, Iași">
Roșcani, Iași

Roşcani is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Rădeni and Roşcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18788678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788678" title="Sangora">
Sangora

Sangora is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,235.

</doc>
<doc id="18788679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788679" title="Românești, Iași">
Românești, Iași

Româneşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Avântu, Româneşti and Ursoaia.

</doc>
<doc id="18788683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788683" title="Rediu, Iași">
Rediu, Iași

Rediu is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of four villages: Breazu, Horleşti, Rediu and Tăuteşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18788687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788687" title="Sankara, Burkina Faso">
Sankara, Burkina Faso

Sankara, Burkina Faso is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 891.

</doc>
<doc id="18788690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788690" title="Răducăneni">
Răducăneni

Răducăneni is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bohotin, Isaiia, Răducăneni and Roşu.

</doc>
<doc id="18788694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788694" title="Saterna">
Saterna

Saterna is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 388.

</doc>
<doc id="18788695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788695" title="Răchiteni">
Răchiteni

Răchiteni is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Izvoarele, Răchiteni and Ursăreşti. These belonged to Mircești Commune until 2004, when they were split off to form a separate commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18788699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788699" title="Sikane">
Sikane

Sikane is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 808.

</doc>
<doc id="18788700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788700" title="Prisăcani">
Prisăcani

Prisăcani is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Măcăreşti, Moreni and Prisăcani.

</doc>
<doc id="18788704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788704" title="Popricani">
Popricani

Popricani is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of nine villages: Cârlig, Cotu Morii, Cuza Vodă, Moimeşti, Popricani, Rediu Mitropoliei, Ţipileşti, Vânători and Vulturi.
Mass grave.
In November 2010, a mass grave dating from 1941 was discovered in the nearby forest of Vulturi. It is believed to contain the remains of up to a hundred Jewish men, women and children murdered by Romanian authorities contemporaneously with the nearby Iași pogrom. It is the first such grave found in Romania since the 1945 discovery of 311 bodies at Stanca Roznovanu, also in the vicinity of Iaşi.

</doc>
<doc id="18788705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788705" title="Popești, Iași">
Popești, Iași

Popeşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Doroşcani, Hărpăşeşti, Obrijeni, Pădureni, Popeşti and Vama.

</doc>
<doc id="18788708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788708" title="Sokoura, Tiéfora Department, Comoé">
Sokoura, Tiéfora Department, Comoé

Sokoura is a village in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 739.

</doc>
<doc id="18788721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788721" title="Sounougou">
Sounougou

Sounougou is a town in the Tiéfora Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,640.

</doc>
<doc id="18788729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788729" title="HMS Winchester (1744)">
HMS Winchester (1744)

HMS "Winchester" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe to the dimensions prescribed by the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 3 May 1744.
"Winchester" was sold out of the navy in 1769.

</doc>
<doc id="18788736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788736" title="El Cuarto de Cuca">
El Cuarto de Cuca

El Cuarto de Cuca is the fourth album by Cuca, a Mexican hard rock group originally from Guadalajara, Jalisco.
In this production Jose Fors returned to the ranks of Cuca together to close the life cycle of the group, which is separated after a series of farewell concerts by the Mexican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18788740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788740" title="Buzzi">
Buzzi

Buzzi is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:
Buzzi may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788742" title="1930 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1930 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1930 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of two major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, College Humor Magazine and the Christy Walsh Syndicate.

</doc>
<doc id="18788747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788747" title="Șipote">
Șipote

Şipote is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Chişcăreni, Hălceni, Iazu Nou, Iazu Vechi, Mitoc and Şipote.

</doc>
<doc id="18788752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788752" title="N55 (art collective)">
N55 (art collective)

N55 is a Copenhagen-based Scandinavian art collective which was founded in 1994. They work with art and everyday life.. Over the years, N55 have achieved international recognition for their projects. Find a cv here: http://www.n55.dk/CV.html
All of N55's work product is freely accessible; their books, manuals and images can be seen online and are not copyrighted. Most of their written work is accessible in "N55 Book".
Members.
Members include:
Since 2005 after his wife and co- founder of N55, Ingvil Aarbakke died, Ion Sørvin has been solely responsible for N55, collaborating with various persons on specific projects. Current core collaborators (2012) are architect Anne Romme and designer/ artist/ activist Till Wolfer. Examples of recent project are: WALKING HOUSE ( 2009), a solar powered house that walks on six legs, XYZ SPACEFRAME VEHICLES (2011), easy build, lightweight, durable human powered and electrical powered vehicles and the development of a new building system called SPACEPLATES. A large scale permanent version of the system, the SPACEPLATES GREENHOUSE (2012) has been erected in Bristol, UK. SPACEPLATES GREENHOUSE is a collaboration between N55 and Anne Romme.
Examples of older work:
Land.
In the project they called Land, N55 began to acquire and dedicate small plots of land, from northern Norway to the Californian desert, in less sparsely populated places in Denmark, Holland and Switzerland, and in waste patches of cities such as Chicago, all to public use. On each is erected a steel polyhedral cairn by which the area is declared to belong to "the commons". Anyone may use it as long as it is acknowledged that "Land gives access to land." While N55 has not been subject to serious legal harassment, it has received favourable attention from those concerned to protect the public domain, and from those looking for workable and just alternatives to patents and copyright.
Snail shell system.
In 2002, with support from the Henry Moore Institute, N55 attracted interest when they rolled, through the centre of Leeds, N55's Snail Shell System, a cylindrical polyethylene tank to enable people to move around and live in various environments. That same year, N55's Shop caused some consternation at the Glasgow Centre for Contemporary Arts; goods were exchanged, borrowed and taken, but no money was involved. The Shop enjoyed further success in 2003 with an exhibition in New York City.
N55 spaceframe.
From 2002, the members of N55 lived in the Spaceframe, mounted on a floating platform of their own construction, at Holmen in Copenhagen. A truncated tetrahedron, with a floorspace of 20 square metres, the Spaceframe requires no foundations and can be assembled by hand. N55 appreciated the possibilities that modern technology provided for a revival of nomadic living.

</doc>
<doc id="18788765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788765" title="1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 200m Individual Medley">
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Men's 200m Individual Medley

The finals and the qualifying heats of the Men's 200 metres Individual Medley event at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships were held on the last day of the championships, on Sunday 20 April 1997 in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18788772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788772" title="Marvin Morgan">
Marvin Morgan

Marvin Newlon Morgan (born 13 April 1983) is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Plymouth Argyle.
Career.
Non-League.
Born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, Morgan started his career in the youth team at Wealdstone before signing a contract in March 2000. In his 51 appearances at Wealdstone he scored 22 goals. Morgan also had two loan spells at Berkhamsted Town, making a total of eight appearances. He joined Yeading in November 2004 for a fee of £3,000 and scored eight league goals that season as Yeading won the Isthmian League Premier Division. In the 2006–07 season, Morgan scored 25 goals for Yeading and was the club's top scorer. Whilst at Yeading, he was nicknamed "The Sticks". Morgan played in 94 league games during three seasons with the club and scored 39 goals. In May 2007, he joined the Conference National side Woking.
Football League.
In May 2008, Morgan signed for the Conference National champions and newly promoted League Two side Aldershot Town for an undisclosed fee. This fee although undisclosed, was a record fee paid by Aldershot Town for any player. Morgan made his Football League debut in Aldershot Town's first-ever Football League match, away to Accrington Stanley on 9 August 2008. He scored Aldershot Town's first-ever League Cup goal in the 3–1 defeat at Coventry City in the first round of the 2008–09 competition. He scored his first Football League goal at home to Bradford City on 30 August 2008. Morgan finished season 2008–09 at the Shots having scored seven goals in all competitions. He played in all but seven games in season 2009–10 and finished the campaign having top-scored with 16 goals in all competitions.
Controversy.
After the 2–1 defeat to Hereford United on 3 January 2011, Morgan posted the following message on Twitter: "Like to thank the fans who booed me off the pitch. Where’s that going to get you! I hope you all die." Following this he was transfer-listed, being eventually signed by League One club Dagenham & Redbridge on loan until the end of the season. At the end of the season, he was one of seven players to be released by Aldershot Town.
Shrewsbury Town.
Morgan joined Shrewsbury Town following his release from Aldershot and started the opening game of the League Two season against Plymouth Argyle on 6 August 2011. He was replaced by Terry Gornell in the 88th minute following a knock to the head. Three days later, in Shrewsbury's Football League Cup encounter with Derby County, Morgan scored two goals to help his side to a 3–2 win.
At the end of the 2011–2012 season Morgan had scored 11 goals to help in Shrewsbury Towns promotion to League 1. Marvin Morgan was released by Shrewsbury Town at the end of the 2012–2013 season having only scored 7 goals.
Plymouth Argyle.
Morgan signed a two-year contract with Plymouth Argyle in July 2013, and made his debut in the club's first game of the new season at Southend United.
On 17 August 2013, Morgan scored his first goal for Argyle heading home the pilgrims first in 3-1 win away at Cheltenham Town.
Outside of football.
Morgan runs his own fashion label which he publicises through various social networking sites.

</doc>
<doc id="18788775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788775" title="Ida Nudel">
Ida Nudel

Ida Nudel (; ) (born April 27, 1931) is a former refusenik and an Israeli activist. She was known as the "Guardian Angel" for her efforts to help the "Prisoners of Zion" in the Soviet Union.
Biography.
Nudel was born in 1931 in Novorossiysk, Krasnodar Krai, in the Russian SFSR. In 1970, she heard of the Dymshits-Kuznetsov hijacking affair, and decided to emigrate. She contacted a Jew named Vladimir Prestin, a known refusenik who was secretly teaching Hebrew. In 1970 she first sought an exit visa to leave the USSR, saying she couldn't stand its discrimination against Jews. The authorities refused, saying she possessed state secrets she had learned working for the Moscow Institute of Planning and Production. Her sister, Elena, received permission to leave with her husband and son in 1972.
In the summer of 1972 she organized a hunger strike at the central office of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union to protest the arrest of refusenik Vladimir Markman. After four days, the police ended the strike by blocking their entry. She started a campaign for keeping contact with prisoners of Zion who called her "Mama" and "The angel of mercy". She spread word about items the prisoners needed and were premitted to possess, and requested them from visitors from all over the world. These included vitamins, warm underwear and chocolate, as well as pens, cigarettes, and three-dimensional postcards, that could be exchanged with the guards for small favors.
She soon lost her job. In June 1978 she placed a banner in her apartment in Moscow reading "KGB, give me my visa to Israel". She was sentenced to four years of internal exile. She was sent to Krivosheino, on the River Ob, Siberia. For several months, she was the only woman in a factory dormitory, before finding herself a log hut and a job as a night guard at a truck yard. The KGB warned the residents of the village to stay away from her. She kept receiving letters of support and corresponding with prisoners of Zion. She was released on March 20, 1982, having been warned not to associate with any refuseniks or foreigners. After almost an year in constant movement as she wasn't allowed back to her flat in Moscow nor gain permit to live in any other place, she was permitted to live for five years in Bendary, Moldavia.
In April 1984, she was visited by Jane Fonda, which had been arranged by political activist and publicist Stephen Rivers. The two struck a friendship and Fonda began a campaign for Nudel's release. Others involved in the campaign included Liv Ullman, and Israeli President, Chaim Herzog, left an empty place at his Passover table in her honor. On October 2, 1987, she was informed she had been granted an exit visa.
Immigration to Israel.
On October 15, she arrived in Israel. She was greeted at the Ben Gurion International Airport by Fonda, Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres as well as her sister and thousands of Israelis. She was immediately presented with an Israeli identity card and immigration papers, and had a brief telephone conversation with United States Secretary of State, George P. Shultz. The ceremony was broadcast on Israeli television.
She wrote autobiography: "A Hand in the Darkness". It was filmed as "Addio Mosca" ("Farewell Moscow") by Mauro Bolognini, starred by Liv Ullman. She initially settled in Karmei Yosef with her sister Elena's famiy, later relocating to nearby Rehovot in 2008.
In 1991, Nudel established and run "Mother to Mother", an unprofit organization funded by donations from abroad, seeking to take the children of Russian immigrants off the streets and into after-school activities. In 2001, she testified in the Jerusalem District Court in favor of Natan Sharansky during his libel suit against Yuli Nudelman, who had published a book claiming that Sharansky was a former KGB agent with connections to the Russian mafia. In 2005, she petitioned the Supreme Court of Israel to force Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to use any measures necessary to save the lives of fifteen jailed Palestinian collaborators facing execution, and spoke against Israel's upcoming disengagement plan from Gaza and part of the West Bank. In 2007, she filed a petition to the Supreme Court demanding it order Israeli Internal Security Minister, Avi Dichter to withhold visitation rights from Hamas and Hezbollah prisoners in Israel, as long as the Red Cross was prevented from seeing kidnapped Israel Defense Forces soldiers Gilad Shalit, Eldad Regev and Ehud Goldwasser. 
In 2005, she was voted the 120th-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.

</doc>
<doc id="18788779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788779" title="1931 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1931 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1931 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of two major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation and College Humor Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18788787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788787" title="Beau Rivage">
Beau Rivage

Beau Rivage means "Beautiful shore" in French. It is the name of several hotels and resorts, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18788795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788795" title="HMS Maidstone (1744)">
HMS Maidstone (1744)

HMS "Maidstone" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Rotherhithe to the dimensions laid down in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 12 October 1744.
"Maidstone" had a short life, being wrecked in 1747.

</doc>
<doc id="18788799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788799" title="1932 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1932 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1932 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of three major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Helms Athletic Foundation, Converse and College Humor Magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="18788807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788807" title="Ephedra strobilacea">
Ephedra strobilacea

Ephedra strobilacea is a species of "Ephedra" that is native to Central Asia, including east to Afghanistan. 
The plant grows at in elevation.
It was originally described by Alexander G. von Bunge in 1851 and placed in section "Alatae", tribe "Tropidolepides" by Otto Stapf in 1889. In 1996 Robert A. Price left "E. strobilacea" in section "Alatae" without recognizing a tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18788808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788808" title="Tansa, Iași">
Tansa, Iași

Tansa is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Suhuleţ and Tansa.

</doc>
<doc id="18788811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788811" title="Vagnozzi">
Vagnozzi

Vagnozzi is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788823" title="2008–09 Football League One">
2008–09 Football League One

The Football League 2008–09 (named Coca-Cola Football League for sponsorship reasons), was the seventeenth season under its current league division format. It began in August 2008 and concluded in May 2009, with the promotion play-off finals.
The Football League is contested through three Divisions. The second division of these is League One. The winner and the runner up of League One will be automatically promoted to the Football League Championship and they will be joined by the winner of the League One playoff. The bottom four teams in the league will be relegated to the third division, League Two.
Leicester City played at this level for the first time in their history having spent all their time in the top two divisions. In the opposite direction, Hereford United made their first appearance in the third tier since 1978, after many seasons in non-league and lower-league football.
Changes from last season.
From League One.
Promoted to Championship
Relegated to League Two
To League One.
Relegated from Championship
Promoted from League Two
Top scorers.
"Correct as of 8 May 2009"
Key events.
30 April 2009 – Stockport County are docked 10 points by the FA for entering administration

</doc>
<doc id="18788827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788827" title="Tătăruși">
Tătăruși

Tătăruşi is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Iorcani, Pietrosu, Tătăruşi, Uda and Vâlcica.

</doc>
<doc id="18788828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788828" title="John F. Singer House">
John F. Singer House

The John F. Singer House is a house in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, United States, an east-side suburb of Pittsburgh.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18788848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788848" title="Moni Toplou">
Moni Toplou

Moni Toplou () is a 15th-century monastery located in a dry and barren area in the Lasithi regional unit, on the eastern part of the island of Crete in Greece. It is about 6 km north of the village of Palekastro and 85 km east of Agios Nikolaos. The monastery was originally called Panagia Akrotiriani (Virgin Mary of the Cape), after the nearby Sidero cape. Its current name literally means "with the cannonball", thus called by the Turks for the cannon and cannonballs () it had in its possession for defensive purposes.
History.
Toplou monastery is one of the most significant monasteries in Crete, dedicated to Panagia (Virgin Mary) and St. John the Theologian. It was founded around the mid 15th century, probably on the ruins of an earlier convent. The monastery was plundered by the knights of Malta in 1530 and shattered in 1612 by a strong earthquake. Due to its strategic position, the senate of the Republic of Venice, then ruler of Crete, decided to financially aid in rebuilding it. The monastery flourished until the surrender of eastern Crete to the Turks in 1646, after which it was abandoned for a long time. In 1704, it acquired special protection privileges from the Patriarch (i.e., stauropegic) and was re-inhabited. 
After its monks were slaughtered by Turks in 1821 during the Greek Revolution of Independence, Toplou was again deserted until 1828. In 1866, during the massive Cretan revolt against the Turks, it was once again devastated. During the German occupation of 1941-44, Toplou was providing shelter to resistance fighters and housed their wireless radio. When this was discovered by the Germans, the abbot and two monks were tortured and executed.
Architecture.
Having to defend itself from pirates and invaders, Toplou monastery is heavily fortified, being laid out around a courtyard paved with sea pebbles and surrounded by strong, 10 meters high square walls. In its present form it extends to about 800 square meters in three floors, divided into cells, guest houses, kitchens and warehouses. The main church (katholikon) is built as a two-nave basilica and the belltower dates back to 1558.
Current status.
Despite its turbulent history, Toplou has many works of art to its possession. Today, it hosts an interesting exhibition of Byzantine icons, books and documents, a display of ancient engravings and a collection of artefacts which reflect
its role in the historical events that influenced Crete during the last centuries. The monastery possesses a series of about 20 portraits of monks, despotes and igoumens painted by the famous portraitist Thomas Papadoperakis. Many of them have written the recent tragical history of the place. The walls of the monks'dining hall, the "trapezaria", are also adorned with remarkable fresco paintings by the icon painter Manolis Betinakis.
The Cavo Sidero dispute.
UK-based Minoan Group (formerly Loyalward Group Plc) plans a €1.2bn construction project on the 25.9 km2 Cavo Sidero peninsula that is located in the northeastern part of Crete. This land is owned by Toplou monastery and is leased for 80 years. Backed by strong political support, the so-called "Cavo Sidero" project is advertised as one of the largest tourist investments in Greece. It includes the construction of six tourist villages with 7,000 beds, three golf courses,
a conference center a marina plus sport facilities. However, the Cavo Sidero peninsula is a Natura 2000 designated area of particular biodiversity and archaeological importance and home to the Vai natural palm forest, the largest of its kind in Europe. On top of that, it is one of the driest areas on Crete and the large amounts of water that would be required by
the developments when in operation will have a tremendous negative impact on the environment.
Thus, despite the investors assurances that the project has been designed to operate according to the principles of sustainable development, there has been strong opposition against it by the local population and several environmental groups, including World Wide Fund for Nature. Serious doubts about the intentions and the financial strength of the investors have also been raised.
In April 2009, the Supreme Administrative Court accepted the request of about 
300 Sitia residents who sought to annul the ministerial decree of 2007, which adopted the environmental impact
study for the project. According to the Court, the environmental licensing of the project was not
legitimate since the land use planning foresees only a mild tourist development for the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18788859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788859" title="Ninalaid">
Ninalaid

Ninalaid is a small Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are .
Ninalaid lies just off the northwestern coast of the island of Hiiumaa, as such it is administered by Hiiu County (). It lies closest to the Paope coastal area of the island near the small island of Külalaid.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18788862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788862" title="Țibana">
Țibana

Ţibana is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Alexeni, Domniţa, Gârbeşti, Moara Ciornei, Oproaia, Poiana Mănăstirii, Poiana de Sus, Runcu, Ţibana and Vadu Vejei.

</doc>
<doc id="18788870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788870" title="Saragossa (disambiguation)">
Saragossa (disambiguation)

Saragossa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18788871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788871" title="1993 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1993 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1993 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Copenhagen, Denmark for the third time. The Danish city had hosted the event previously in 1950 and 1970.
The men's competition consisted of eight Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Five events were held for the women, all in kayak. This was the first championship following the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 and the first since Czechoslovakia broke up into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in early 1993.
This was the 25th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18788880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788880" title="Țibănești">
Țibănești

Țibănești is a commune in Iași County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Glodenii Gândului, Griești, Jigoreni, Răsboieni, Recea, Țibănești, Tungujei and Vălenii.

</doc>
<doc id="18788889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788889" title="George Baxter (printer)">
George Baxter (printer)

George Baxter (1804–1867) was an English artist and printer based in London. He is credited with the invention of commercially viable colour printing.
Though colour printing had been developed in China centuries before, it was not commercially viable. However, in early years of the 19th century the process of colour printing had been revived by George Savage, a Yorkshireman in London. It was to be Savage's methods upon which Baxter, already an accomplished artist and engraver, was to improve. In 1828, Baxter began experimenting with colour printing by means of woodblocks.
Baxter's life.
Baxter was born in 1804 in Lewes, Sussex, and was the second son of John Baxter, a printer. At 20 Baxter was illustrating books printed by his father; at 23 Baxter moved to London to be apprenticed to Mr Williams, a wood engraver. In 1827 Baxter set up business on his own and married Mary Harrild, daughter of Robert Harrild, a printing engineer and a friend of Baxter’s father. Baxter now began to experiment with his own methods of colour printing – his first known colour print, "Butterflies", was published in 1829. Baxter's experiments first bore commercial fruit in 1834, with two small vignettes published in Mudie's ""British Birds"".
In 1835 Baxter was granted "Patent No. 6916 – Improvements in Producing Coloured Steel Plate, Copper Plate and other Impressions", which outlined the combined intaglio and relief process he would continue to use for the next thirty years. Baxter’s original patent ran for 14 years; after the renewal of his patent in 1849 for another five years he began to sell licenses for the use of his printing process to other printing firms.
Baxter prints bear an imprint such as "Printed in Oil Colours and Published by G. Baxter, Patentee, 11, Northampton Square" or "Baxter Patent Oil Printing 11 Northampton Square". The house at 11 Northampton Square in Clerkenwell, London, was Baxter's home and workshop from 1844-1860. The site is marked by a plaque on the modern building at that address.
Despite his technical excellence and the general popularity of his prints, Baxter’s business was never profitable – his process was laborious and it seems likely that his perfectionism prevented him from completing many of his commissioned works on time. In 1860 he held a sale of all his stock and equipment, most of which was not sold. Eventually he sold his plates and blocks to the printer Vincent Brooks, who later republished some of Baxter’s images. Baxter was declared bankrupt in 1865 and died in 1867, after an accident involving a horse omnibus.
It is estimated that Baxter himself printed over twenty million prints during his career.
Baxter’s licensees.
A number of printers purchased a licence from Baxter, following the renewal of his patent in 1849. The most well known of these was Abraham Le Blond. Other firms who worked under Baxter’s license include Bradshaw & Blacklock; William Dickes; Kronheim & Co.; Joseph Mansell and Myers & Co. Other printers known to have used Baxter’s methods after his patent expired included George Baxter Jr.; Vincent Brooks; Edmund Evans; Benjamin Fawcett; Gregory, Collins & Reynolds; Leighton Bros; Moor & Crosby and William Russell. George Cargill Leighton, a former apprentice of Baxter’s, never worked under Baxter’s licence but became a prominent printer in his own right, becoming the printer and later owner of the "Illustrated London News", the first journal in the world to include regular colour plates. Leighton could not use a metal intaglio plate as a base without infringing Baxter’s patent, although “… the fact that he had to do without it probably helped to ensure his commercial success”. Nevertheless, Leighton did often use an aquatint base.
Kronheim and Dickes both used Baxter’s process from 1849 onwards, and both were large suppliers of colour plates to book publishers, “competing on price rather than quality”. Baxter’s patent process was not necessarily strictly followed by his licensees – for example, both Kronheim and Dickes were lithographic printers as well as wood engravers, and most likely mixed all of their printing methods together. In fact, it is often impossible to say exactly how a given colour print of this era has been produced. Generally, Baxter’s licensees used fewer colour blocks than Baxter himself and, in the opinion of many, “none surpassed him in quality, being more concerned with cheapness”.
Baxter's method.
Baxter’s process for producing colour prints combined relief and intaglio printing methods. A ‘key’ plate was prepared, usually made of steel and using any combination of engraving, stipple, etching and aquatint. Baxter also appears to have used mezzotint and lithography to create his key plate on occasion. The key plate provided the main lines of the image and much of the tone, light and shade. It was usually printed in a neutral tone, such as light grey or terracotta. Often Baxter used more than one colour to ink the key plate – for example, to gradate the image from blue in the sky, to buff in the middle distance and to a darker colour in the foreground; i.e. inking the plate à la poupée. Usually Baxter used aquatint for landscapes and stipple to work faces and figures.
Following printing of the key plate, relief blocks were prepared, usually from wood but also from zinc or copper, using impressions of the key plate to create the blocks. Usually one block was prepared for each colour, although sometimes two or more colours or tints were included on the same block, requiring hand inking of each individual area. Each colour was applied and allowed to dry before adding the next colour. It is thought that Baxter usually started printing with a blue tint and then progressed through the other colours in a predetermined order – all blocks were numbered sequentially and labelled with the colour to be used. Sometimes up to 24 separate colours were used, although ten could be considered an average number. Baxter achieved his precise registration by fixing the print over a number of spikes, over which the blocks would also fit.
Baxter is thought to have used hand-colouring for finishing touches on occasion – for example, “… extra touches of red on the mouths, high white lights upon jewels …”. It is also believed Baxter occasionally applied glaze via an additional printing step all over the image, composed of his usual varnish with a ‘hard drier’ added to make it insoluble in water. More often, however, it is thought that Baxter glazed areas of the print selectively by hand using a glaze composed of gum arabic, egg white and Castile soap.

</doc>
<doc id="18788899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788899" title="Lac des Îles igneous complex">
Lac des Îles igneous complex

The Lac des Îles igneous complex of northwestern Ontario, Canada is a layered gabbroic intrusion which is the host for the largest palladium orebody in Canada. The orebody is currently being mined as a combined open pit and underground operation by North American Palladium.
The complex is located in the Canadian Shield some 85 kilometers northwest of Thunder Bay, Ontario and Lake Superior at 49.10.00 N 089.36.00 W. The complex includes gabbro, pyroxenite, gabbronorite and websterite intrusive into granitic gneiss country rock. The ore minerals occur within gabbroic pegmatites and gabbro breccia zones. The Archean complex has been dated at 2738 ±27 Ma by Sm-Nd dating on pyroxenite.
The Roby Zone orebody of the complex is a PGE deposit with associated gold, copper and nickel mineralization. Ore mineralogy includes pyrrhotite, pentlandite, chalcopyrite, pyrite and the rare PGE minerals: vysotskite (Pd,Ni)S, braggite (Pt,Pd,Ni)S, kotulskite Pd(Te,Bi)1-2, isomertieite Pd11Sb2As2, merenskyite (Pd,Pt)(Te,Bi)2, sperrylite PtAs2 and moncheite (Pt,Pd)(Te,Bi)2.

</doc>
<doc id="18788900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788900" title="Țigănași">
Țigănași

Ţigănaşi is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Cârniceni, Mihail Kogălniceanu, Stejarii and Ţigănaşi.

</doc>
<doc id="18788911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788911" title="Todirești, Iași">
Todirești, Iași

Todireşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Băiceni, Stroeşti and Todireşti. It also included three other villages until 2004, when these were split off to form Hărmănești Commune.

</doc>
<doc id="18788912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788912" title="Whatever Works">
Whatever Works

Whatever Works is a 2009 American comedy film directed and written by Woody Allen, starring Larry David, Evan Rachel Wood, Patricia Clarkson, Ed Begley, Jr., Michael McKean, and Henry Cavill.
Plot.
Boris Yelnikoff (Larry David) is a misanthropic chess teacher and former Columbia professor. Divorced, he eschews human contact except for his friends (Michael McKean, Adam Brooks, Lyle Kanouse) and students, criticizing everyone he meets for not matching him intellectually.
Boris comes home one night to find Melodie (Evan Rachel Wood), a simpleminded 21-year-old, lying on his doorstep. He reluctantly lets her in for a meal and soon she tells him her story. She turns out to be of a distinctly southern background, having been born to fundamentalist parents in Mississippi and ran away from them. She asks if she can stay the night, which Boris eventually allows, and she stays with him while she's looking for a job. Melodie develops a crush on Boris despite their age difference and their varying cultures and intelligence.
Melodie finds a job as a dog walker while still living with Boris. Out on the job, she meets Perry (John Gallagher, Jr.) and they arrange a date. When she comes back home, she explains to Boris that she didn't like Perry because he loved everything in the world too much. Boris realizes that he loves her and they get married.
After a year passes, her mother Marietta (Patricia Clarkson) finds Melodie, explaining that she and her husband John (Ed Begley, Jr.) thought Melodie had been kidnapped. She goes on to tell her that John left her and sold their house after John lost money in the stock market. She meets Boris and is disappointed with him, so she tries to convince Melodie to end her marriage. The three go for lunch at a restaurant and meet Boris' friend, Leo (Conleth Hill). As Marietta goes to use the restroom, Randy James (Henry Cavill) inquires about Melodie. Marietta slyly decides to recruit him to end Melodie's marriage. Later that evening, Leo, who had taken an interest in Marietta, asks her over for dinner. They spend the evening together, and they both discover that she is a wonderful photographer and he even makes plans to contract her professionally.
Boris explains to the audience that the next few weeks, Marietta changed and started experimenting in artistic photography, exotic new habits, and having a polyamorous relationship with Leo and his business partner, Morgenstern (Olek Krupa). Marietta still hates Boris and continues to arrange for Melodie to marry Randy. She takes her to an outdoor craft market and "accidentally" runs into Randy, who questions her about her marriage. Later shopping for clothes, Melodie meets Randy in another planned encounter with her and gets her to admit that her relationship with Boris is not entirely satisfying. He invites her to the boat he lives on, and the two end up kissing and beginning an affair.
John arrives at Boris and Melodie's home full of regret and hopes to get the family back together. They all go to Marietta's photography exhibit opening together, and he sees how his ex-wife has changed since she moved to New York. Distraught, he retreats to a bar, drinking away his misery. While there, he meets a recently divorced gay man named Howard (Christopher Evan Welch), and realizes that he is also gay.
Melodie tells Boris she is in love with Randy. Boris is disheartened by this and jumps out a window again, but this time lands on Helena (Jessica Hecht) breaking her arm and leg. As he visits her in the hospital, he asks her if there is anything he can do to make up with her, and Helena says she would like to go to dinner with Boris.
Finally, Boris hosts a New Year's Eve party, at which everyone is seen in their new relationships: Marietta with Leo and Morgenstern, John with Howard, Melodie with Randy, and finally Boris with Helena. Melodie and her parents had, each one separately, completely shed their former southern conservative mindsets and wholeheartedly adopted the liberal New York way of life and values. (John tells that his former membership in the National Rifle Association had been but a sublimation of his repressed homosexuality). They are now all the best of friends, and at midnight heralding a new year they kiss and Boris tells the audience that you just have to find all the enjoyment that you can, that you have to find "whatever works."
Release.
On February 2, 2009, "Variety" reported that Sony Pictures Classics had purchased U.S. distribution rights to "Whatever Works". It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City, on April 22, 2009. Sony gave the film a limited US release on June 19, 2009. Maple Pictures released the film in Canada theatrically and released the DVD in October 2009. The film had its UK release on June 25, 2010.
Production.
The film was shot in New York City, marking Allen's return to his native city after shooting four films in Europe. David was hesitant to take the role, pointing out to Allen that his work on "Curb Your Enthusiasm" was improvisation, but Allen encouraged him to take the role anyway.
Partly to counter assertions that the film is autobiographical, Allen points out that the script was written in the early '70s, with Zero Mostel in mind for Boris; it was shelved after the actor's death in 1977. Thirty years later, Allen revisited the script in an attempt to create a film before a potential threat of a Screen Actors Guild strike. According to Allen, the only significant changes to the script involved updating the topical references.
Reception.
The film received mixed or average reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes reported that 50% of critics gave positive reviews based on 159 reviews with an average score of 5.4/10. According to another review aggretator, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, the film has an average score of 45% based on 30 reviews.
Upon the film's US release, A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" wrote:
Patricia Clarkson and Evan Rachel Wood, as a mother out of Tennessee Williams and a daughter out of "The Dukes of Hazzard", bring not only feminine sparkle but also acting discipline to what feels, all too often, like a run-through of an unfinished play. The scenes, shot by the excellent Harris Savides, Gus Van Sant’s longtime director of photography, have a static, blocky feel. Their deliberate pacing and the decorous rhythms of the dialogue might charitably be described as classical, given the picture’s occasional evocation of a Broadway-to-Hollywood adaptation from the 1930s. A less generous word might be sloppy, given the near-total absence of the kind of Lubitschean verve of which Mr. Allen, when he’s on his comic game, is capable. To be sure there is a measure of vigor in Larry David’s performance in the central role of existential kvetcher, a formerly eminent physicist named Boris Yelnikoff. Mr. David does a lot of shouting and some antic gesticulating, and even throws himself out a window. But frantic action is not the same as acting, and there is barely a moment in "Whatever Works" in which Mr. David rises even to the level of credible impersonation.

</doc>
<doc id="18788917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788917" title="Tomești, Iași">
Tomești, Iași

Tomești is a commune in Iași County, Romania, part of the Iași metropolitan area. It is composed of four villages: Chicerea, Goruni, Tomești and Vlădiceni.

</doc>
<doc id="18788919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788919" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in New Bedford, Massachusetts">
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Bedford, Massachusetts

List of Registered Historic Places in New Bedford, Massachusetts, which has been transferred from and is an integral part of List of Registered Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts

</doc>
<doc id="18788920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788920" title="Trifești, Iași">
Trifești, Iași

Trifeşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Hermeziu, Trifeşti, Vladomira and Zaboloteni.

</doc>
<doc id="18788921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788921" title="1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Women's 400m Individual Medley">
1997 FINA Short Course World Championships – Women's 400m Individual Medley

The qualifying heats and the finals of the Women's 400 metres Individual Medley event at the 1997 FINA Short Course World Championships were held on the first day of the championships, on Thursday 17 April 1997 in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Finals.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18788926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788926" title="Ungheni, Iași">
Ungheni, Iași

Ungheni (called "Bosia" until 1996) is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of four villages: Bosia (the commune center), Coada Stâncii, Mânzăteşti and Ungheni. 
There is a bridge across the Prut and a border checkpoint to Moldova. There is another border town with the same name in the Republic of Moldova (Ungheni), on the other side of the Prut River.

</doc>
<doc id="18788933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788933" title="Valea Seacă, Iași">
Valea Seacă, Iași

Valea Seacă is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Conţeşti, Topile and Valea Seacă.

</doc>
<doc id="18788937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788937" title="Vânători, Iași">
Vânători, Iași

Vânători is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Criveşti, Gura Bâdiliţei, Hârtoape, Vânători and Vlădnicuţ.

</doc>
<doc id="18788942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788942" title="Victoria, Iași">
Victoria, Iași

Victoria is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, part of the Iaşi metropolitan area. It is composed of seven villages: Frăsuleni, Icuşeni, Luceni, Sculeni, Stânca, Şendreni and Victoria.
Sculeni is a border checkpoint to Moldova. 

</doc>
<doc id="18788948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788948" title="Fertile Valley No. 285, Saskatchewan">
Fertile Valley No. 285, Saskatchewan

Fertile Valley No. 285 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan, located in the Census Division 12, in the southwestern region of the province. The seat of the municipality is located in the village of Conquest.
Demographics.
In 2006, the Rural municipality had a population of 609 in 206 dwellings, a 1.2% increase from 2001. On a surface of 1,016.37 km² it has a density of 0.6 inhabitants/km².
Communities.
The following communities are located in this municipality:
Villages
Hamlets
Transportation.
The following is a list of Saskatchewan highways and provincial roads, and communities that the highways pass through, within the municipality of Fertile Valley.
References.
PLEASE DO NOT TYPE FOOTNOTES HERE OR BELOW. Instead insert the entire footnote in its proper spot in the body of the article using the tags. See for an explanation of how to generate footnotes using the tags.-->

</doc>
<doc id="18788955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788955" title="Vlădeni, Iași">
Vlădeni, Iași

Vlădeni is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Alexandru cel Bun, Borşa, Broşteni, Iacobeni, Vâlcelele and Vlădeni.

</doc>
<doc id="18788958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788958" title="Voinești, Iași">
Voinești, Iași

Voineşti is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Lungani, Schitu Stavnic, Slobozia, Vocoteşti and Voineşti.

</doc>
<doc id="18788961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788961" title="USS Malanao (AG-44)">
USS Malanao (AG-44)

USS "Malanao" (AG-44) was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II. She was used to transport cargo in the South Pacific Ocean, and was decommissioned after the end of the war.
Constructed in California.
"Malanao" (AG 4 ) was built as "SS Paraiso" by Craig Shipbuilding Co., Long Beach, California, in 1912 and chartered by Pacific Coast Steamship Company of San Francisco, California, in 1914 for merchant service along the coast of northern California and Oregon. 
Acquired by Long Beach Steamship Company 27 October 1916, she was subsequently purchased by Oliver J. Olson & Co., Inc., of San Francisco 24 July 1918 and renamed "SS Florence Olson". For more than two decades she continued to serve as a U.S. West Coast freighter hauling lumber and general cargo.
"Florence Olson" was purchased by the Navy from her owner 3 May 1942; renamed "Malanao" 6 May 1942; converted for Navy use by General Engineering & Drydock Company, Alameda, California, 23 May 1942; and commissioned 3 June 1942, Lt. Comdr. H. L. Liberg in command.
World War service.
Following completion of conversion 6 July, "Malanao" carried a cargo of lumber to the Hawaiian Islands in August. Assigned to Service Squadron 8, Pacific Fleet Service Force, she operated during the remainder of the war among islands of the Hawaiian chain and to islands in Polynesia and the central Pacific Ocean. 
Loaded with general cargo, construction equipment, and at times ammunition, in 1943 she completed 23 runs to Hawaiian ports as well as to American bases on Johnston, Palmyra, Christmas, Fanning, and Canton Islands. Shortly after the securing of Makin Island, in the Gilbert Islands, 23 November 1943, she arrived there with general cargo. She maintained her busy pace of operations in 1944 and included three round trips between Hawaii and Seattle, Washington. 
During the first six months of 1945 she made 13 supply runs to island bases in the Hawaiian perimeter.
"Malanao" reached Pearl Harbor from her final cargo run 28 June 1945. She remained there until 28 September when she steamed to San Francisco, California, arriving 10 October.
Post-war decommissioning.
She decommissioned at Mare Island 18 February 1946, and her name was struck from the Navy List 12 March 1946. Her hull was scrapped at Mare Island 4 June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18788964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788964" title="Paul J. F. Lusaka">
Paul J. F. Lusaka

Paul John Firmino Lusaka (10 January 1935 – 1996) was a Zambian politician and diplomat who became President of the United Nations General Assembly in 1984.
Life and politics.
Lusaka was born in Moomba Village near Lusaka on 10 January 1935. He attended Roma University College in Lesotho where he obtained a degree in history and geography in 1959. The following year he was on an exchange programme that took him to the University of Minnesota funded by the Ford Foundation.
His 1963 Master's Degree in Political Geography was from McGill University in Montreal, Canada, and he was also trained in diplomacy by the Canadian United Nations contingent. In 1964 he was at the Zambian High Commission in London where he rose to the position of Deputy High Commissioner in 1965, which he held until 1968.
From 1968 he served as the Zambian Ambassador to Romania, Yugoslavia and Russia, until he left Russia to became a permanent Representative at the U.N. in 1972 as well as a number of other diplomatic positions.
Between 1973 and 1978 he was a Member of Parliament in Zambia, where he held a number of ministerial positions.
The United Nations.
In 1979 he became the Permanent Representative to the United Nations and as President of the United Nations Council for Namibia. He was vice president in 1980 and in the following year President of the Economic and Social Council. He was Zambia's chief representative at the Security Council in 1979 and 1980.
In 1985 the "New York Times" recorded that after a meeting with ten former U.N. Presidents he said, 
Family.
Lusaka was married and had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="18788966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788966" title="Genasauria">
Genasauria

Genasauria is an extinct clade of beaked, herbivorous dinosaurs. The group was first named by paleontologist Paul Sereno in 1986, and is typically split into Thyreophora, a group of armored dinosaurs; and Neornithischia, which included the horned and duck-billed dinosaurs. Genasauria, as defined by Sereno, consists of "Ankylosaurus magniventris", "Pachycephalosaurus wyomingensis", "Parasaurolophus walkeri", "Stegosaurus stenops", "Triceratops horridus", their most recent common ancestor, and all descendants. The name Genasauria was used almost exclusively by Sereno for several years, but has gained greater usage in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="18788983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788983" title="My Family (series 1)">
My Family (series 1)

The first series of BBC family sitcom "My Family" originally aired between 19 September and 7 November 2000. The first episode of the series, and the pilot episode, was entitled "The Serpent’s Tooth". All eight episodes in the first series are thirty minutes long. The first episode introduces the five main characters that regularly appear in the series: Robert Lindsay, who plays Ben, Zoë Wanamaker, who plays Susan, Kris Marshall, who plays Nick, Daniela Denby-Ashe, who plays Janey, and Gabriel Thomson, who plays Michael. A further regular member of the cast is Bridgette, played by Daisy Donovan, who appears in nearly every episode of the series. The series was produced by "Rude Boy Productions", a company that produces comedies created by Fred Barron. The series was filmed at Pinewood Studios in London, with a live studio audience.
Reception.
Viewers.
The series was given a mid-week time slot, originally airing on Tuesdays at 8:30pm. The series became an immediate hit with viewers, with the first episode gaining 8.48 million viewers, the sixth highest rating for the week. Ratings began to fall for the next three episodes, to a point where ratings for the fourth episode of the series failed to appear in the BBC's Top 30 programmes. However, when the series was moved to a prime-time slot on Friday evenings, beginning with Episode 5, ratings began to improve, with the seventh episode of the series reaching 8.38 million viewers. The first series averaged 7.04 million viewers for each episode.
Critics.
The series was openely criticised for its American roots, with the use of quick one-line jokes, compared to the more traditional built-up jokes of other British sitcoms. Daniel Lees, of "My Family Online", stated that the fifth episode of the series, "Farewell To Alarms", stands out from an otherwise mediocre first series. He described the episode as a "perfectly written, impeccably performed piece, generally enjoyable as a whole". He also stated that the show itself has "easy-going plots, with some hilarious moments intertwined with atmosphere, character interaction and a general feel-good ambience".

</doc>
<doc id="18788990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788990" title="El Observador (comics)">
El Observador (comics)

El Observador ("The Observer") is a fictional character and comic book supervillain appearing in comic books published by Azteca Productions. Co-created by Richard Dominguez and Michael S. Moore, the character made his first appearance in "" #1 (November 2004).
An expert assassin and mercenary from Brazil, El Observador has an exclusive contract with the South American crime syndicate known as The Annulus. While he possess no superhuman abilities, El Observador is highly skilled with lethal projectiles, bladed weapons, and is a superb hand-to-hand combatant. He is also known by the nickname The Sightless Assassin, due to his lack of human eyes. Instead he has advanced photo lenses attached to his skull that send rapid images to his brain, allowing him to react faster than the average person. El Observador's true identity and origins are currently unknown.
Fictional character history.
El Observador’s made his first appearance in the ongoing ""Legacy"" storyline from "El Gato Negro: Nocturnal Warrior" (#1-4). The villain El Graduado is enlisting rival mob bosses and street gangs to join the Ochoa crime family in his attempt to become the main narcotics supplier of South Texas. Those who refuse to join are slaughtered by El Observador, who is currently on loan from The Annulus.
The sightless assassin’s first encounter with El Gato Negro was shortly after he killed an entire street gang. Taking their battle to the rooftop of the local produce company, El Observador had the upper hand until the arrival of the Texas Rangers. Both are last seen falling from the building and it is unknown whether either one is taken in to police custody.
Skills, abilities and resources.
El Observador possess no superhuman abilities and instead makes use of his physical prowess, skills with bladed weaponry, and knowledge of various fighting techniques including the Brazilian martial art style of Capoeira.
The most distinctive parts of El Observador's costume are his brown trench coat and wide-brimmed hat. Concealed within his trench coat are several throwing knives and other bladed weapons. His weapons of choice include two long swords which he uses to mercilessly hack away at his opponents. The objects that appear as goggles on his head are in fact highly advanced photo lenses attached to his skull. The lenses take rapid images that are sent directly to his brain, which he quickly interprets to predict his opponent's next move.

</doc>
<doc id="18788994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18788994" title="Min Chen (murderer)">
Min Chen (murderer)

Min Chen (; born January 30, 1983) is a Chinese visa student convicted of first-degree murder in the case of the death of Cecilia Zhang, originally missing for months and also known as Dong-Yue Zhang (Simplified Chinese: 張東嶽, Hanyu Pinyin: "Zhāng Dōngyuè"; March 30, 1994 – October 20, 2003).
Chen, a Shanghai native who has lived in Canada on a visa since 2001, allegedly entered Zhang's home through a kitchen window and removed her from her home between 3:00 AM and 4:00 AM, leaving by a side door. According to police, Min Chen knew a female boarder who had lived at the Zhang home between September 2002 and March 2003 and had visited the Zhang home at least four times. Police said that Cecilia would have been comfortable in Chen's company under normal social circumstances. The remains of Cecilia Zhang were subsequently found in a wooded area of Mississauga by the Credit River at Eglinton Avenue on Saturday, March 27, 2004.
At the time of Chen's kidnapping of Cecilia Zhang, Chen had already stopped his English studies at Seneca College Newnham Campus located very close to Cecilia's home in North York, Ontario. Chen also did not complete his Grade 12-level courses at a local private academy. Chen, whose father is an airline executive and whose mother is a Shanghai police officer, had been receiving money from his parents back in China.
Min Chen pleaded guilty to second-degree murder on May 9, 2006. According to an agreed statement of facts read out in a Brampton, Ontario courthouse, Chen was failing in his college studies and feared deportation back to his native China. Being a visa student who was broke, he desperately needed $25,000 to enter into a marriage of convenience as a means of obtaining the status of permanent resident in Canada. Cecilia's death was the result of Chen's poorly planned kidnapping during the early hours of October 20, 2003 at Cecilia's home. When Cecilia tried to scream, Chen covered her face with a towel and held his hand over her mouth. Cecilia had stopped struggling by the time Chen placed her inside the trunk of his car. When Chen checked on Cecilia later on, he discovered that she had stopped breathing.
Chen was represented by well known criminal lawyer John Rosen, who had defended killer and serial rapist Paul Bernardo. Min Chen was sentenced to life imprisonment with a chance of parole after 15 years.
Human rights lawyers have noted that under Chinese law, when Chen has completed his sentence and is deported back to China, he will likely face a second trial and sentence in China. Canadian law forbids this practice, which is known as double jeopardy, while Chinese law permits it if a Chinese resident commits a crime on foreign soil. Trial and punishment in the other country is seen as a mitigating factor, but does not preclude further imprisonment or execution in the People's Republic of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18789010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789010" title="Poy">
Poy

Poy is a surname of Chinese or Spanish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789045" title="Gyre (disambiguation)">
Gyre (disambiguation)

An ocean gyre is any large system of rotating ocean currents in oceanography.
Gyre or gire may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789048" title="Meteor rock">
Meteor rock

Meteor rock can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789059" title="Greater South Shore Athletic Conference (IHSAA)">
Greater South Shore Athletic Conference (IHSAA)

Hanover Central High School will join the conference in all sports except football in 2013, and will begin competing in varsity football in either 2014 or 2015. Boone Grove, a Porter County Conference member, will join the conference in football only, concurrent with the start of Hanover Central's football program. The conference will split into two divisions for football, with the North Division including Calumet, Hammond Bishop Noll, Lake Station Edison, River Forest and Whiting, and the South Division including Boone Grove, Hanover Central, North Newton, South Central and Wheeler.
Membership.
Football Divisions.
This divisional format will be used for football starting in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="18789063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789063" title="Pizzi">
Pizzi

Pizzi is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789076" title="Soundscape SSHDR1">
Soundscape SSHDR1

The Soundscape SSHDR1 (1993 - 1996) was one of the first Windows based Digital Audio Workstations available and was manufactured by Soundscape Digital Technology Ltd..
The system consisted of an external 2U rack unit which housed the audio processing hardware, based on Motorola 56000 family DSPs, 2 inputs and 4 outputs in both unbalanced analogue and S/PDIF digital and two IDE hard disk drives. Synchronisation was via MIDI in/out/thru via MIDI Timecode and an optional I/O board provided balanced analogue and AES/EBU connections. Each unit could record and play 4 tracks of 16bit 48kHz audio but later software upgrades increase this to 8 tracks.
The unit connected to an ISA card fitted into a PC expansion slot, each of which could host 2 x SSHDR1 units. Multiple host cards could be used.
Windows software (for Windows 3.1, 95/98/ME, 2000, XP) controlled the unit and provided 256 virtual tracks, mixing and editing.
Up to 16 units could be used simultaneously, with full sample accurate synchronisation, controlled by one Soundscape editing application.
In 1995 an optional DSP board added a configurable mixer with real-time DSP plugins, an extra 8 in/out via a TDIF port and allowed the unit to record 10 or playback 12 tracks simultaneously at up to 24bit 48kHz. The card could be retro-fitted into any unit.
Optional software packages for Auto-Conforming (for film and TV post-production use) and CD Mastering were available as well as a selection of plug-in effects developed by well known companies such as TC Electronics and Dolby.

</doc>
<doc id="18789093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789093" title="Replica Magazine">
Replica Magazine

Replica is an online magazine published by Global Tat Productions. Replica claims to be the pioneer of collective journalism, a form of reported media whereby all material within the publication is contributed by the public. "Replica" was founded in early 2008 by Thomas Foxley and Rosie Allen-Jones and is considered a British cult.
Collective journalism.
A collective publication consists entirely of material sent in by the public. The publication itself needn't form an opinion or take a side on any matter.
Collective Journalism is a form of collaborative writing.

</doc>
<doc id="18789099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789099" title="Canton of Poligny">
Canton of Poligny

The Canton of Poligny is a canton within the department of Jura in the French region of Franche-Comté.
Composition.
The canton includes the following 28 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="18789101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789101" title="The Economy of Esteem">
The Economy of Esteem

The Economy of Esteem is a book by Geoffrey Brennan and Philip Pettit describing the role of self-esteem and honour in the economy. It was published in 2005 by Oxford University Press.
According to WorldCat, the book is held in 466 libraries It has been reviewed by in "Politics, Philosophy & Economics," in "Politische Vierteljahresschrift", in "Journal of Economics", in " Journal of European Social Policy,",
According to Brennan, others who have historically paid attention to the role of esteem in motivation range "from Cicero and Polybius through Thomas Aquinas to Hobbes, Locke, Montesquieu, Hume, the American Founding Fathers, Kant, and notably Adam Smith", although Brennan argues that modern 'invisible hand' economics neglects the importance of esteem. Esteem is unique among currencies because it cannot be traded ("esteem is necessarily produced under conditions of autarky") and is subject to the paradox of hedonism.

</doc>
<doc id="18789111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789111" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 5,000 to 7,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 5,000 to 7,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18789119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789119" title="Secrets and Lies (30 Rock)">
Secrets and Lies (30 Rock)

"Secrets and Lies" is the eighth episode of the second season of "30 Rock", and the twenty-ninth overall. It was written by Ron Weiner and directed by Michael Engler. The episode first aired on December 6, 2007 on the NBC network in the United States. Guest stars in this episode include Reathel Bean, James Carville, Paul Eichel, Edie Falco, Melissa Gallagher, Jabari Gray, Blaine Horton, John Lutz, Erich McCall, Andrew Polk, Reshma Shetty, Tom Treadwell and Darlene Violette.
In this episode, Celeste "C.C." Cunningham (played by Edie Falco) wishes to go public with her relationship with Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin). Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) gets angry when she thinks Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) lets Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) do anything he likes. Frank Rossitano (Judah Friedlander) and James "Toofer" Spurlock (Keith Powell) feud over Toofer's status as a Harvard University alumnus.
Plot.
Jack is worried when his girlfriend C.C., the Democratic congresswoman for the state of Vermont, tells him that she wants to go public with their relationship. The pair had been avoiding this because C.C. is suing the Sheinhardt Wig Company, the fictional parent company of NBC. During their secret relationship, Jack and C.C. had been sneaking to each other's house in disguises, including C.C. as a plumber named Mr. Spoonatelli. C.C. confides in Liz (after she finds out about their relationship), and Jack confides in political consultant James Carville, who gives Jack advice on how two important people from opposite political positions can make their relationship work 'Cajun Style,' without regard for how others perceive them. Eventually, Jack takes C.C. to dinner in the GE executive dining room where he reveals his relationship to the other executives, leading to the other executives making some bizarre revelations of their own.
When Jenna wins an award for her work on "Mystic Pizza: The Musical: The Movie", in the category of "Best Actress in a Movie Based on a Musical Based on a Movie", Tracy is annoyed that he never wins any awards of his own. When Liz feels sorry for him, she tells him that he has won a Pacific Rim Emmy Award for his work on "TGS with Tracy Jordan", a fictional sketch comedy series. Pete Hornberger (Scott Adsit) helps Liz stage a fake acceptance speech for Tracy, which is also attended by Tracy's co-stars, Jenna and Josh Girard (Lonny Ross). When Tracy recognises nearly everybody who works on the show, except for Jenna, Jenna gets angry and claims that Liz is willing to for Tracy, but not her. As a result, she becomes disobedient and unco-operative and starts her own entourage, much like Tracy. Liz, distraught with Jenna's new behavior, reveals to her that she in fact "coddle the crap" out of her as well as Tracy. Liz then reveals that Jenna did not win an award for "Mystic Pizza: The Musical: The Movie" and that the "award" statue was actually a cookie (by taking a bite out of it).
After a night of performing stand up at Harvard University, Frank comes into work wearing a Harvard jersey, even though he did not attend the university. Outraged by this, Harvard alumnus Toofer tells him to take it off. When Frank refuses, the pair begin to argue, even going to the extent of dressing up as each other constantly. Their argument is also eventually mediated 'Cajun Style' by James Carville, who then proceeds to also demonstrate how to steal candy from a vending machine 'Cajun Style'.
Production.
This episode was performed live on stage at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre. The performance, which was titled "30 Rock — On Strike!", was to display support for the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike, which began on November 5, 2007. The performance took place on November 19, 2007. All the main cast members of the series were in attendance, although due to other commitments, guest star Edie Falco was unable to appear in her role as Celeste "C.C." Cunningham. In her place was the "Saturday Night Live" head writer, Paula Pell. As guest star James Carville was also unable to attend, an unnamed "30 Rock" writer filled in for him. Other "30 Rock" writers, including Donald Glover, also played the smaller, "bit" parts. During the "commercial breaks", cast member Jack McBrayer and recurring cast member John Lutz improvised fake comedic advertisements for various products. Sheinhardt Wig Company t-shirts, which were signed by the cast of "30 Rock", were also raffled off during the performance.
Reception.
"Secrets and Lies" brought in an average of 5.8 million viewers. The episode also achieved a 2.7/7 in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic. The 2.7 refers to 2.7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S., and the 7 refers to 7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast in the U.S.. This episode ranked first in the male 18- to 49-year-old demographic, growing 4% from its lead-in of the "My Name Is Earl" episode "Early Release."
Robert Canning of IGN wrote that the episode "came close to fulfilling potential, but was unable to keep the rapid-fire comedic pace going for the entire episode." He added that the second half of the show was not "a complete loss, but, man, that first act just steamrolled viewers with hilarious bit after hilarious bit." Matt Webb Mitovich of "TV Guide" thought that the "unexpected treat this week was guest star James Carville, who's presence as confidant to Jack not only made sense, but Carville also had a lot of fun lampooning himself 'Cajun style' and all. And look at how well his advice for Frank and Twofer worked!"

</doc>
<doc id="18789124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789124" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 7,000 to 10,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 7,000 to 10,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18789130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789130" title="List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 10,000 to 20,000 km²">
List of political and geographic subdivisions by total area from 10,000 to 20,000 km²


</doc>
<doc id="18789137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789137" title="Carlo Palermo">
Carlo Palermo

Carlo Palermo (born 1947 in Avellino) is an Italian lawyer and investigative magistrate. He was an assistant prosecutor in Trento from 1975 to 1984 and in Trapani till 1989. Afterwards he resigned from the judiciary.
Life.
In Italy Carlo Palermo became famous as a magistrate after his criminal investigation into an international drug and arms trafficking network, involving politicians in Trento in 1980, and examining ties between the Mafia, freemasonry and Bulgarian and Syrian spy organizations. Palermo himself was accused of violating parliamentary privileges and obliged to present himself to the CSM ("Superior Council of Judiciary"). He raised the name of the then prime minister Bettino Craxi in his investigation into illegal arms trafficking. The case was taken from him and transferred to another judge.
Palermo moved to Trapani (Sicily) in 1985, and continued his investigations into political connections with the Mafia; replacing his friend Giangiacomo Ciaccio Montalto, who had killed by the Mafia in 1983. After a few months the Mafia tried to kill Palermo by means of a car bomb attack. Palermo was only injured, but a young mother, Barbara Asta, and her children, twin brothers Salvatore and Giuseppe, were killed in the explosion. This incident came to be known as the "strage di Pizzolungo" (Pizzolungo massacre) of 1985 (Pizzolungo is a suburb of Erice). Palermo later decided to resign from the judiciary.

</doc>
<doc id="18789157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789157" title="HMS Colchester (1744)">
HMS Colchester (1744)

HMS "Colchester" was a 50-gun fourth rate ship of the line of the Royal Navy, built at Harwich according to the dimensions specified in the 1741 proposals of the 1719 Establishment, and launched on 14 August 1744.
Shipwreck.
After being commissioned under Captain Frederick Cornwall, "Colchester" took aboard a pilot to guide the ship out of the Nore anchorage and on to the Downs. Sailing on Sunday 21 October 1744, the ship ran aground between Long Sand and the Kentish Knock, and became stuck in weather that was 'not at all tempestuous.' A boat was sent back to the shore the following morning for help, and whilst the crew waited for it to return, another ship from the Nore arrived to offer assistance, having heard "Colchester's" cannons being fired in a signal of distress. The would-be rescuer was however kept from the stricken ship by the wind.
In the afternoon of Monday 22 October, the fore and mizzen masts were cut away in an effort to prevent the ship working herself to pieces. This was deemed insufficient, for Captain Cornwall had the ship scuttled. That evening the main mast was also cut away as it was feared the ship might overset. With water now filling the ship, the crew were crammed onto the weather decks and bowsprit; on Tuesday morning lots were drawn to decide who could use the ship's longboat to get to safety. In spite of this, the ship's surgeon and 30 others took the longboat whilst the crew were drawing their lots; the boat subsequently sank, drowning 13. Four others who had jumped for the boat but missed were also drowned.
The boat "Colchester" had sent away in the morning of 22 October returned with six fishing vessels on 23 October, but they were unable to come to the ship's aid until the following morning when the sea, which had worked up a little overnight, had calmed again. The captain and 365 men were saved; approximately 40 men and one lieutenant were lost in total.
The court-martial for the loss of "Colchester" was held aboard on 14 February 1745. The pilot taken on to guide the ship to the Downs was sentenced to 12 months in the Marshalsea prison.

</doc>
<doc id="18789164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789164" title="Poularde Albufera">
Poularde Albufera

Poularde Albufera, (Albufera Pullet) is a chicken dish attributed to French chef Adolphe Dugléré which was named in honour of the Duke of Albufera. It consists of poached chicken with a garnish of vol-au-vents filled with quenelles, cocks' kidneys, mushrooms and truffles in Albufera sauce.

</doc>
<doc id="18789169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789169" title="Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels">
Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels

Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels is the third season of "Rock of Love with Bret Michaels" and was confirmed by VH1's website in a blog on July 16, 2008. In the show, eligible women live on tour buses and travel with Bret Michaels, competing for his attention and affection. The show premiered on January 4, 2009. On December 29, 2008 it was announced Rock of Love Bus would be the final "Rock of Love". Ultimately, Bret Michaels selected Taya Parker to be his "Rock of Love."
Production and legal problems.
On September 28, 2008 a truck driven by a roadie hauling equipment for "Rock of Love Bus" caused an accident when the driver fell asleep at the wheel. The truck crossed over the median and into oncoming traffic on Interstate 57 near West Frankfort, Illinois. The truck hit a pickup truck and a sports-utility vehicle. The two 19-year old college students in the sports-utility vehicle were killed, and the two individuals in the pickup truck were seriously injured. The driver was charged with driving with a suspended license and moving violations. No other "Rock of Love" employees or crew were involved. According to a statement by VH1, Michaels asked that production be temporarily suspended.
Episodes.
Hustle on the Bustle.
"First aired January 4, 2009 (2.1M viewers)
Michaels takes the show on the road. As he tours, a second bus brings along the women vying for his attention. The contest is specifically engineered to reflect the challenges of life on the road.
Elimination Reasons
Fifteen Weddings and Three Funerals.
"First aired January 11, 2009
After all 15 recite their wedding vows, three girls must stay behind.
Elimination Reasons
It's Babes on Ice.
"First aired January 18, 2009
There's a chill in the air as the 12 remaining contestants vie on ice against University of Illinois Women's Hockey and special guest player, Lacey. Tempers catch fire when one of the contestants is accused of secretly calling a boyfriend.
Elimination Reasons
Roadies.
"First aired January 25, 2009
The ten remaining girls play roadie, racing to clear the stage. Winners get better seats at Michaels' concert.
Elimination Reasons
Eight Is Not Enough.
"First aired February 8, 2009
The eight left become eleven when Michaels brings in new blood to amp the competition.
Elimination Reasons
Mud Bowl III.
"First aired February 15, 2009
The contestants split into teams for a Mudbowl, with Michaels and the most valuable player going solo overnight.
Elimination Reasons
Truck Stop Games.
"First aired March 1, 2009
The contestants divide into three teams for competitive truck stop games.
Elimination Reasons
Bikini Day Care.
"First aired March 8, 2009
The seven remaining competitors take care of children at a pool party in Panama City Beach, Florida.
Elimination Reasons
Exes and Oh's.
"First aired March 15, 2009 (2.4M viewers)
Two women from Michaels' past, ex-girlfriend Ambre and runner-up Heather from the first "Rock of Love", question the men of the competitors' past.
Elimination Reasons
Duet to Me One More Time.
"First aired March 22, 2009
The four remaining girls sing along with Michaels with lyrics they've written to one of his songs.
Elimination Reasons
Double Dates.
"First aired April 5, 2009
As the finale approaches, Michaels and the remaining three contestants try fantasy dates, but competition between the girls is escalating as the end draws near.
Elimination Reasons
Bret's Rock of Love III.
"First aired April 12, 2009 (3.2M viewers)
The two remaining contestants, Taya and Mindy, join Michaels in the Dominican Republic for their final chance to win him.
Reunion Show.
"First aired April 19, 2009"
In the reunion show, the contestants look back, becoming emotional and even violent as they share memories of the experience.

</doc>
<doc id="18789185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789185" title="Soundscape R.Ed">
Soundscape R.Ed

The Soundscape R.Ed (1997–2001) was the second generation Digital audio workstation manufactured by Soundscape Digital Technology Ltd..
It was renamed the Soundscape 32 after Mackie acquired the product and continued to be available until around 2007.
The system consisted of an external 2U rack unit which housed the audio processing hardware, based on Motorola 563xx family DSPs, 24 inputs and 24 outputs via TDIF digital ports and four IDE hard disk drives (two internal and two with removable trays). Synchronization for the basic unit was via MIDI in/out/thru via MIDI Timecode and an optional Timecode Sync board provided video sync, and LTC in/out. An I/O board provided additional balanced analogue and AES3 connections (2 in, 4 out). Each unit could record and play 32 tracks of 24bit 48 kHz audio or 16 tracks of 24/96. 
The unit connected to an ISA card fitted into a PC expansion slot, each of which could host 2 x R.Ed units. Multiple host cards could be used. 
A PCI version of the Host card was available in 2001.
Windows software (for Windows 3.1, 95/98/ME, 2000, XP) controlled the unit and provided 256 virtual tracks, mixing and editing. This software also supported the legacy Soundscape SSHDR1, although with some limitations. 
Up to 16 units could be used simultaneously, with full sample accurate synchronization, controlled by one Soundscape editing application.
Optional software packages for Auto-Conforming (for film and TV post-production use) and CD Mastering were available as well as a selection of plug-in effects developed by well known companies such as TC Electronic and Dolby Laboratories.
Soundscape 32.
The Soundscape 32 was the rebadged version of the Soundscape R.Ed, which was originally manufactured by Soundscape Digital Technology Ltd.
After Mackie acquired the product in 2001, the product remained unchanged, but with little activity until 2002, when the Soundscape 32 was launched. Mackie had revamped the styling of the main rack unit, and the units was certainly more attractive, but internally it was unchanged from the original Soundscape R.Ed.

</doc>
<doc id="18789194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789194" title="Exchange Hotel (Gordonsville, Virginia)">
Exchange Hotel (Gordonsville, Virginia)

The Exchange Hotel in Gordonsville, Virginia, was built in 1860 for Richard F. Omohundro next to an important railroad junction, when the Exchange Hotel offered a welcome stopping place for weary passengers on the Virginia Central Railroad.
Civil War.
In March 1862, because of its strategic location, the Exchange Hotel became part of the Gordonsville Receiving Hospital, admitting more than 23,000 sick and wounded in less than a year. The wounded and dying from nearby battlefields such as Cedar Mountain, Chancellorsville, Trevilian Station, Mine Run, Brandy Station, and the Wilderness were brought by the trainloads. Although this was primarily a Confederate facility, the hospital treated the wounded from both sides. Twenty-six Union soldiers died here. By war's end more than 70,000 men had been treated at the Gordonsville Receiving Hospital and just over 700 would be buried on its surrounding grounds. The scene of untold agony and death, the building survived the conflict.
After the war.
In the reconstruction period, this hospital served the newly freed slaves as a Freedman's Bureau Hospital. As the United States healed and the railroads boomed, this graceful building again became a hotel and enjoyed a fine reputation until the 1940s when it went into decline.
Museum.
Historic Gordonsville, Inc. acquired and restored the property in 1971. The Hotel has been acknowledged as an African-American Memorial Site in June 2002. The museum contains many artifacts from the Civil War era, like medical artifacts, uniforms and firearms. The museum also houses a bookstore. It is located in the Gordonsville Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18789195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789195" title="The Seven Pillars of Life">
The Seven Pillars of Life

The Seven Pillars of Life are the essential principles of life described by Daniel E. Koshland in 2002 in order to create a universal definition of life. One stated goal of this universal definition is to aid in understanding and identifying artificial and extraterrestrial life. The seven pillars are Program, Improvisation, Compartmentalization, Energy, Regeneration, Adaptability, and Seclusion. These can be abbreviated as PICERAS.
The Seven Pillars.
Program.
Koshland defines "Program" as an "organized plan that describes both the ingredients themselves and the kinetics of the interactions among ingredients as the living system persists through time." In natural life as it is known on Earth, the program operates through the mechanisms of nucleic acids and amino acids, but the concept of program can apply to other imagined or undiscovered mechanisms.
Improvisation.
"Improvisation" refers to the living system's ability to change its program in response to the larger environment in which it exists. An example of improvisation on earth is natural selection.
Compartmentalization.
"Compartmentalization" refers to the separation of spaces in the living system that allow for separate environments for necessary chemical processes. Compartmentalization is necessary to protect the concentration of the ingredients for a reaction from outside environments.
Energy.
Because living systems involve net movement in terms of chemical movement or body movement, and lose energy in those movements through entropy, energy is required for a living system to exist. The main source of energy on Earth is the sun, but other sources of energy exist for life on Earth, such as hydrogen gas or methane, used in chemosynthesis.
Regeneration.
"Regeneration" in a living system refers to the general compensation for losses and degradation in the various components and processes in the system. This covers the thermodynamic loss in chemical reactions, the wear and tear of larger parts, and the larger decline of components of the system in ageing. Living systems replace these losses by importing molecules from the outside environment, synthesizing new molecules and components, or creating new generations to start the system over again.
Adaptability.
"Adaptability" is the ability of a living system to respond to needs, dangers, or changes. It is distinguished from improvisation because the response is timely and does not involve a change of the program. Adaptability occurs from a molecular level to a behavioral level through feedback and feedforward systems. For example, an animal seeing a predator will respond to the danger with hormonal changes and escape behavior.
Seclusion.
"Seclusion" is the separation of chemical pathways and the specificity of the effect of molecules, so that processes can function separately within the living system. In organisms on Earth, proteins aid in seclusion because of their individualized structure that are specific for their function, so that they can efficiently act without affecting separate functions. 
Criticism.
Y. N. Zhuravlev and V. A. Avetisov have analyzed Koshland's seven pillars from the context of primordial life and, though calling the concept "elegant," point out that the pillars of compartmentalization, program, and seclusion don't apply well to the non-differentiated earliest life.

</doc>
<doc id="18789200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789200" title="HMS Providence (J325)">
HMS Providence (J325)

HMS "Providence" (J325) was an of the Royal Navy. "Providence" was ordered as in 1942, and laid down at the Toronto yards of Redfern Construction Ltd on 17 July 1943. She was renamed "Providence" in June 1943, and was launched on 27 October 1943. Her conversion to a minesweeper was completed on 15 May 1944. She served during the last years of the Second World War.
After the war, "Providence" participated in the Palestine Patrol. On 1 November 1946, she escorted the listing , full of Jewish refugees, into Haifa. On 10 December, "Providence" participated in the rescue of more refugees from the shipwrecked , which had grounded in Syrna.
"Providence" was subsequently sold for scrapping, and arrived at the yards of Young, of Sunderland on 17 May 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="18789208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789208" title="Beau Rivage (Beirut)">
Beau Rivage (Beirut)

The Beau Rivage is a four-star luxury hotel on the Ramlet al-Baida beach in Beirut, Lebanon.
From 1997 until the 2005 Syrian withdrawal from Lebanon, the hotel served as the headquarters for Syrian intelligence in Lebanon. Prisoners held there were often tortured; some were "disappeared" and presumably executed. The building was a feared symbol of Syrian power in Lebanon.
As of August, 2008, the building again functions as a civilian luxury hotel, and is open for business.
In Film.
"Beau Rivage" by Claude El Khal is a 2003 short film about the atrocities committed in the hotel during the Syrian occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="18789250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789250" title="William Thompson Howell">
William Thompson Howell

William Thompson Howell (July 8, 1810 – April 3, 1870) was an American jurist and politician. Born and educated in New York, the majority of his career was spent in Michigan where he held a variety of state offices. Howell also served as a judge in the newly formed Arizona Territory where he was a principal author of the territory's first legal code, the "Howell Code".
Background.
Howell was born on July 8, 1810 in Goshen, New York to parents of moderate means. He was educated in public schools and was teaching by the age of 16 and editing a newspaper by the time he was 19. He changed professions at the age of 24, becoming an attorney and began practicing in Angelica, New York before moving to Jonesville, Michigan in 1837.
Howell married his first wife, Sophia Brink, on May 24, 1828 and the couple had four children. Sophia died in January 1845, with one of the couple's daughters dying several months later. His second marriage was to Susan M. Hartwell on April 29, 1847. In 1853, the couple moved to Jackson, Michigan. Susan died August 27, 1856 and was survived by four children. Howell wed his third wife, Sarah Maria (Gray) Jones in 1857. The third marriage produced two children.
Michigan.
Howell began his political career in 1840 when he was appointed district attorney for Hillsdale County. This was followed by his election to the Michigan Senate in 1843, a position he held through 1846. During his senate service, he became President pro tempore on January 6, 1845. Howell's senate service was followed by his becoming the presidential elector for Michigan's third district in 1848. In his role as elector, he voted for Lewis Cass.
Howell was admitted to practice law in front of the Supreme Court of the United States in 1849. Among the causes he advocated were the right of married women to hold property in their own name, abolition of capital punishment, and the establishment of free public schools.
With the establishment of the Republican Party, Howell left the Democratic Party. He served as a circuit court commissioner in 1854 and as a probate judge in 1855 and 1856. In 1857 he moved to Newaygo, Michigan and when Mecosta County was organized he became Mecosta County's first prosecuting attorney. Howell was elected to represent Newaygo County in the Michigan House of Representatives from 1861 through 1863. He was also Speaker pro-tempore for the 21st and 22nd legislatures.
Arizona Territory.
Following the creation of Arizona Territory, President Abraham Lincoln nominated Howell to become a judge for the new territory. His commission as Associate Justice to the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court passed on March 10, 1863. Howell then traveled with Governor John N. Goodwin's party to new territory. Howell was assigned to Arizona's first judicial district, an area encompassing all of Arizona south of the Gila River and east of the 114th meridian west, and left the temporary capital at Fort Whipple for Tucson on February 3, 1864.
Upon his arrival in Tucson, Howell was unhappy to find "two out of every three people in the area were barefooted" in his new district. His first court session began on May 31, 1864 and lasted for six day. A second session was scheduled to begin on last Tuesday in October. To simplify the administration of justice within the new territory, Howell saw the need for a coherent legal code and began the research needed to create one. With the assistance of his friend Coles Bashford, the judge consulted with local residents and explored the laws of several states. After 90 days effort, a 400 page tentative code was ready.
In April 1864, Howell received word his wife was ill. Bashford requested Howell be given three months leave to see to his wife's needs and to look after his seven surviving children. The leave was granted and Howell left Tucson for Michigan on June 11, 1864.
Howell Code.
In his address to the 1st Arizona Territorial Legislature, Governor Goodwin called for the creation of a new legal code to replace the laws Arizona had inherited from New Mexico Territory. The legislature authorized the Governor to appoint a commissioner to create a possible code, and Goodwin selected Howell as the commissioner. Despite the fact the judge had already left the territory, his code was submitted to the legislature for consideration two days after his appointment as commissioner. The "Howell Code" was approved by the legislative session following considerable debate and some modifications. 
Territorial Secretary Richard C. McCormick observed the code was heavily influenced by the California and New York legal codes.
Later life.
Howell returned to Newaygo, Michigan on July 22, 1864 to find his wife "very feeble". After requesting an extension to his leave of absence, he decided not to return to Arizona in early 1865 and instead requested he be appointed an Indian Agent in Michigan. The nomination was delayed by President Lincoln and his successor, President Andrew Johnson, chose to nominate a different person.
Newaygo remained Howell's residence until his death on April 3, 1870. His third wife, whose illness prompted his return from Arizona Territory, survived until January 5, 1882. Both were buried in the Newaygo Village Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18789252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789252" title="Chanti (film)">
Chanti (film)

Chanti is a 2004 Indian film. The film is considered the second biggest flop in Ravi Teja's career.
Plot summary.
Chanti, a soldier, arrives at his village for his father's funeral. He is bequeathed of property which he plans to use for his blind sister Revathy. Unfortunately the land happens to be between two proposed sites for a road in which the local MLA (Atul Kulakarni) has an interest, as it leads to his factory. He offers to buy it from Chanti, who refuses, citing it as a memorial of his father. Revathy is married to Raja Ravindra, Chanti's army friend, who is killed by the MLA. The rest of the story is how Chanti avenges his friend and father, who it is revealed was also killed by the MLA and marries his cousin (Charmme Kaur).

</doc>
<doc id="18789256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789256" title="1st Arizona Territorial Legislature">
1st Arizona Territorial Legislature

The 1st Arizona Territorial Legislative Assembly was a session of the Arizona Territorial Legislature which began on September 26, 1864, in Prescott, Arizona, and ran for forty-three days. The session was responsible for enacting Arizona's first legal code, creation of the territory's first four counties, and authorizing a volunteer militia to fight hostile Indians.
Background.
Arizona Territory was created by the Arizona Organic Act and officially established on December 29, 1863, in a ceremony performed at Navajo Springs, Arizona. Following completion of an initial census, Governor John N. Goodwin proclaimed an election to select delegates to the first territorial legislature would occur on July 18, 1864. As no counties had been established within Arizona Territory at the time of the election, the territory's three judicial districts were instead used for allocation of delegates. The first district included all of Arizona east of the 114th meridian west and south of the Gila River, the second district was all of Arizona west of the 114th meridian, and the third district included all of Arizona east of the 114th meridian and north of the Gila.
Legislative session.
Session was opened by Territorial Secretary Richard C. McCormick on September 26, 1864. All the members of the legislature had not arrived on that date, so the legislature sent out for beverages and tobacco and adjourned to wait for the remaining members to arrive. The session resumed on September 29 will all members present. The territory's Attorney General, Coles Bashford, was selected president of the Council while Tucson attorney W. Claude Jones was selected speaker of the House. Two members of the legislature left during the session with Council member José M. Redondo resigning on October 10 on the grounds he was ineligible to hold the office and Representative Henry D. Jackson dying on October 16.
The session met in a recently constructed two-room log cabin. The building was simply furnished with tables and chairs made from roughly hewn boards. The chinking had not been completed, allowing the cold autumn air into the building, and an early winter storm forced the assembly to take shelter in the Governor's house. The assembly members themselves primarily wore frontier dress and many bore weapons used for protection from Indian attack during their journey to and from Prescott.
Governor's address.
Governor Goodwin gave his address to the assembly on September 30, 1864. In his speech, Goodwin reminded the legislature that under the Arizona Organic Act the new territory had inherited the laws of New Mexico Territory and that they would remain in force "until repealed or amended by future legislation". The Governor did not believe that New Mexico's laws were well suited for Arizona's needs and called for a commissioner to be appointed to draft a new legal code. Goodwin also called for the immediate repeal of acts allowing for peonage and imprisonment for debt.
Another key issue was dealing with hostile Indians within the territory. To address this need, Goodwin called for U.S. Army troops and the creation of a volunteer militia. Other issues covered were creation of mail routes and establishment of a public education system, including a public university under the provisions of the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act.
Howell code.
The legislature's first act was passed on October 1, 1864, and authorized the Governor to appoint a commissioner to study and propose a legal code for the new territory. Anticipating the need for a new legal code, Judge William T. Howell and Coles Bashford had begun researching a tentative code in April 1864. By the time the legislature met, a 400-page code has been written, based primarily upon the laws of New York and California. After Goodwin was authorized to choose a commissioner, he chose Howell.
Debate over the proposed legal code consumed the majority of the session's efforts. After some modifications, the code was enacted and named the "Howell Code" after its principal architect. The Howell Code underwent a major revision, supervised by Bashford, in 1871 and was replaced in 1877 by the "Hoyt Code".
Other legislation.
In addition to establishing a new legal code, the session also performed several actions to administratively organize the new territory. While the Governor had chosen Prescott as the site of the capital, the legislature had the authority to move the capital. Two other locations were proposed, the first being La Paz and the second a new community named Aztlan to be located at the juncture of the Salt and Verde rivers. Efforts to move the capital to both locations were defeated. Besides considering the location of the capital, the session created Arizona's first four counties. Mohave County encompassed all of the territory north of the Bill Williams River and west of longitude 113° 20' with its seat at Mohave City. Yuma County encompassed the area south of the Bill Williams River and west of longitude 113° 20' with its seat at La Paz. Pima County contained all territory south of the Gila River and east of longitude 113° 20' with its seat at Tucson. The final county, Yavapai, encompassed the area north of the Gila and east of longitude 113° 20' with Prescott serving as its seat.
To deal with hostile Indians, the session requested the U.S. Congress authorize US$250,000 to creation of a ranger force with an additional US$150,000 requested to create reservations along the Colorado River for friendlier tribes. No funds came until 1867 when US$50,000 was authorized. In the meantime a group of Arizona Volunteers consisting of 350 men and 11 officers were organized into five companies. The force provided an effective check against hostile Apaches till the arrival of U.S. Army troops following the American Civil War.
To address educational needs, the legislature authorized a payment of US$250 for public education to any county seats provided the towns provided a matching amount. For Tucson, this amount was doubled to US$500 under the provision that English lessons were added to the daily curriculum. Only two towns collected the funds, the mission school at San Xavier del Bac and a private school in Prescott. The need for roads was addressed by granting six franchises for construction of private roads. The franchisees were required to grade the right of way, build bridges, maintain wells along the route in exchange for the right to charge tolls of US$0.08/mile for wagons and US$0.025/mile for riders on horseback.
Finally the session granted two divorces. The first annulled the marriage of John G. Capron, a member of the territorial House of Representatives, and Sarah Rosser Capron on the grounds that he had been lured into the marriage "by fraudulent concealment of criminal facts". The second divorce was of Fort Whipple's post surgeon, Elliot Coues, from his wife, Sarah A. Richardson Coues.

</doc>
<doc id="18789257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789257" title="The Sacrilege of Fatal Arms">
The Sacrilege of Fatal Arms

__NOTOC__
The Sacrilege of Fatal Arms is an album by Devil Doll. It is a reworked, remixed, extended version of their previous release "Sacrilegium". It is the original soundtrack to the film of the same name, which was written and directed by Mr. Doctor, the creative force behind Devil Doll.

</doc>
<doc id="18789259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789259" title="Sudbury Valley Trustees">
Sudbury Valley Trustees

Sudbury Valley Trustees (SVT) is a regional open space land trust headquartered at Wolbach Farm in Sudbury, Massachusetts.
Mission.
The SVT mission is to conserve land and protect wildlife habitat in the Concord, Assabet, and Sudbury river watersheds in eastern Massachusetts, one of the most scenic, culturally rich, and historically significant regions in the United States, for the benefit of present and future generations.
About SVT.
SVT pursues its mission through land acquisition, land stewardship, advocacy, and education. SVT achieves its land protection objectives by working in close collaboration with landowners, businesses, local conservation commissions and government agencies. The work is performed by an active, community-based 17 member Board, a staff of 8, and 150 volunteers.
The land acquisition objective emphasizes (1) protection of ecologically significant resources within SVT’s service area, with emphasis on priority areas, (2) protection of land possessing significant community and historic value (“flagship properties”), (3) increased acquisition of fee-simple properties, (4) increased receipt of gifts of interest in land, and (5) enhanced SVT land protection and outreach efforts. 
The stewardship objective emphasizes (1) increased opportunities for positive nature-based experiences on SVT reservations, (2) implementation of best management practices for conservation restriction and fee properties, and (3) demonstrated best practices for conservation of regional biodiversity.
As of 2008, over 3,600 members supported SVT’s work in 36 different towns in the watershed. SVT is responsible for the protection and care of over 100 properties totaling more than of diverse conservation lands that include wetlands, sensitive habitats, trails and other open spaces including major reservations. SVT has taken a significant leadership role that has been instrumental in preserving an additional now under the permanent protection of public agencies, including the Great Meadows National Wildlife Refuge. As of its annual meeting on September 28, 2008, SVT was nearing completion of the acquisition from the Knox Trail Council Boy Scouts of America of the development rights for the comprising the Nobscot Scout Reservation.
SVT celebrated its 50th anniversary year in 2005, which culminated in its 50th annual meeting and birthday party on May 22, 2005 at Wolbach Farm in Sudbury. SVT reservations include trails for walking, bird watching, cross-country skiing and horseback riding. Those properties are open to the public free of charge.
History.
SVT was founded in 1953. Upon returning to Wayland, Massachusetts after serving in the Marine Corps during World War II and the Korean War, Allen Morgan saw that the land he remembered being forest and farm as a child was rapidly being turned into homes and shopping malls. Realizing that the open spaces would be lost forever unless action was taken, he gathered together six friends (B. Allen Benjamin, Dr. George K. Lewis, Henry Parker, Willis B. Ryder, Richard Stackpole, and Roger P. Stokey) and founded Sudbury Valley Trustees to protect the natural resources of the area "on the theory that if we sat back and did nothing, certainly nothing would happen, and if we tried, maybe something would happen."
They mailed a form letter inviting people to become members for a fee of $3.00. SVT grew to a couple hundred members within a year or two. SVT publications emphasizing the importance of flood plain marshes led to the first flood plain zoning in the northeast. Thanks to SVT advocacy, most of the towns in the Sudbury Valley had established flood plain zones that protected upwards of without having to spend dollars to acquire them.
SVT was an organization run purely through the efforts of volunteers until Morgan became SVT's first Executive Director in 1981. Morgan shepherded SVT's growth to a membership of just under 2,400, a staff of four full-time and four part-time employees, and nearly 60 parcels of land comprising nearly of land preserved by the time of his death in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18789269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789269" title="Anthony Cook (footballer)">
Anthony Cook (footballer)

Anthony Cook (born 10 August 1989, England) is an English footballer, currently playing for Ebbsfleet United.
Cook made his debut for Dagenham & Redbridge and first professional appearance on 15 December 2007, in the 4–0 defeat away to Shrewsbury Town.
Cook featured in the second series of Sky1's reality show Football Icon, where he finished in 4th place after picking up an injury. Shortly after Football Icon he went on trials at Tottenham Hotspurs and Cardiff City where he signed for the latter, going on to represent the bluebirds at reserve and youth team level.
He joined Concord Rangers after leaving Dagenham by mutual consent but joined Braintree Town in March 2009. After impressing during pre season, Cook was signed for Chelmsford City in July 2009.
In 2013 Cook then opted to sign a 1 year deal with Ebbsfeet United after a trial with Colchester United.
References.
http://www.thefreelibrary.com/Chelsea's+icon+Mourinho+joins+forces+with+city.-a0157732780

</doc>
<doc id="18789288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789288" title="Saarnaki laid">
Saarnaki laid

Saarnaki laid (Estonian for "small islet") is an uninhabited, moraine-based island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are .
Saarnaki laid is a relatively young island; it rose from the Baltic Sea approximately 2,000 years ago. The total area of the island is 140 hectares. The island is 3 miles long and 1 km wide. It is 7 to 9 m above sea level. It lies just off the northeastern coast of the island of Hiiumaa, and is administrated by Hiiu County. 
Saarnaki laid had previously been inhabited at least since the early 15th Century and was abandoned by the last residents in 1973. It is the largest of the islands that make up the Hiiumaa Islets Landscape Reserve (Estonian: "Hiiumaa laidude maastikukaitseala") and several former residential and farm buildings on the island have been restored for the benefit of tourists.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18789292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789292" title="North Riverside Park Mall">
North Riverside Park Mall

North Riverside Park Mall is a super-regional mall located in North Riverside, Illinois. It is owned by the Feil Organization and it contains three anchor stores: Carson Pirie Scott, J.C. Penney, Sears, Old Navy, and Conway Stores.
History.
Madigan's operated as a junior anchor in the mall until the early 1990s, when its space was divided between Foot Locker and TJ Maxx, both of which opened in 1994. By 2005, TJ Maxx had been closed and replaced with Steve & Barry's, After that chain went out of business in 2009, its space was taken over by Conway, a division of National Stores.
The Sears store was originally occupied by Montgomery Ward until that chain went out of business in 2001. The opening of Sears coincided with a $5 million renovation plan.
In December 2010, portions of the film "Contagion" were filmed at the mall.

</doc>
<doc id="18789304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789304" title="Low Dutch Station">
Low Dutch Station

Low Dutch Station was established in 1780 on the middle fork of Beargrass Creek in Kentucky. This station was settled by Dutch pioneers from Pennsylvania and was also known as New Holland Station. The
station was one of a group of six forts established on Beargrass Creek during this period in this area that is now a part of Louisville. The leader of the group was Hendrick Banta. The group of settlers were a part of the "Low Dutch Company" and had their own bylaws, a formal charter, and accounting procedures. The group had as its purpose the preservation of the language, culture and religion of the Dutch. The Dutch traveled from a settlement near Harrodsburg to Low Dutch Station. 
There is no connection between Low Dutch Station or its settlers and the nearby road known as Dutchmans Lane in St. Matthews. The aforementioned Dutchmans Lane was originally named Deutschman's Lane, taking its name from the fact that it was the access road from Taylorsville Road to the farm owned and operated by Louis J. Hollenbach Sr., a prominent German-American businessman in early 20th-century Louisville. Anti-German sentiment in Louisville during World War I prompted the shortening of the name from Deutschman (lit. "German man") to Dutchman. The change stuck.

</doc>
<doc id="18789312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789312" title="Hook 'em (mascot)">
Hook 'em (mascot)

Hook 'em is the costumed mascot of The University of Texas at Austin's athletics teams. Hook 'em can be seen on the sidelines of Darrell K Royal – Texas Memorial Stadium during football games and also at the Frank Erwin Center during basketball games.

</doc>
<doc id="18789354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789354" title="Electoral district of Jandakot">
Electoral district of Jandakot

Jandakot is an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of Western Australia.
The district is based in the southern suburbs of Perth and is named for the suburb of Jandakot. It also includes the suburbs of Atwell, Aubin Grove, Banjup, Leeming, Murdoch, North Lake and South Lake.
Politically, the district is a marginal one. Based on the results of the 2005 state election, the district was created with a Labor Party majority of 53.6% to 46.4% versus the Liberal Party.
History.
Jandakot was first created in 1988 for the 1989 state election, largely replacing the abolished seat of Murdoch. It contained the suburbs of Bull Creek, Leeming and western and southern Willetton, as well as part of Canning Vale and Jandakot Airport.
Its first member was the then Liberal Opposition Leader, Barry MacKinnon. MacKinnon retired from politics in 1993 after being ousted as leader in favour of Richard Court a year earlier, and Mike Board, who later became a Minister in the Court government, won the seat in his stead. The name Murdoch was restored by the 1994 redistribution, taking effect at the 1996 state election.
A new seat named Jandakot was created ahead of the 2008 state election when the number of metropolitan seats was increased in accordance with the new one vote one value legislation on 29 October 2007. The new district was drawn from parts of the existing electorates of Cockburn, Murdoch, Riverton, Serpentine-Jarrahdale and Southern River.

</doc>
<doc id="18789360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789360" title="Castellani">
Castellani

Castellani may refer to:
Surname.
A surname of Italian origin meaning 'castellan.' The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789370" title="Pachygrapsus crassipes">
Pachygrapsus crassipes

Pachygrapsus crassipes, known as the striped shore crab or lined shore crab, is a small crab found on rocky and hard-mud shores of the west coast of North to Central America and in the western Pacific in Korea and Japan. In North America, its range spans from Vancouver Island to Baja California, Mexico. The Asiatic population appears to not be invasive but endemic, resulting from a divergence estimated between 0.8 to 1.2 Mya. Typically, this crab will have a brown/purple or black carapace with green stripes. Its carapace is square and can reach 4 to 5 cm in size. The claws are red/purple with a mottled pattern on the upper surface, and white on the lower surface, while its legs are purple and green with a similar mottled appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="18789373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789373" title="Ephedra multiflora">
Ephedra multiflora

Ephedra multiflora is a species of "Ephedra" that is native to northern Chile and Argentina. 
The plant was originally described by Rodolfo Armando Philippi, later formally published by Otto Stapf in 1887, and placed in section "Ephedra sect. Alatae", "tribe" "Habrolepides" by Stapf in 1889. 
In 1996 Robert A. Price left "E. multiflora" in section "Alatae" without recognizing a tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18789382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789382" title="Albufera Sauce">
Albufera Sauce

Albufera sauce (fr. Sauce Albuféra) is a small compound sauce. It has as its base the mother sauce (or leading sauce) velouté. Escoffier gives a recipe in "Le Guide culinaire" which consists of a base of Suprême Sauce to which is added meat glaze in order to lend the latter an ivory-white tint which characterizes it. It is served chiefly with poultry and sweetbreads.

</doc>
<doc id="18789384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789384" title="Avo Uvezian">
Avo Uvezian

Avo Uvezian (born 1926 in Beirut, French Lebanon) is an Armenian-American jazz pianist and cigar manufacturer.
Avo Uvezian was born to a family of musicians. His mother was a singer, while his father was a composer and conductor for a symphony orchestra. His parents’ experience with music allowed him to develop his talents as a young man and Uvezian joined a jazz trio called the Liban Boys. They received a contract to perform at a hotel in Baghdad where they stayed for one year. After this, they signed a contract to perform at a hotel in Iran. While there, Avo received an invitation from Shah Reza Pahlavi to perform at his palace. In an interview with Cigar Aficionado, Avo described this point in his career.
"I spoke Farsi (referring to Persian), so it sort of broke the ice with the Shah," he says. "I remember they were trying to dance the jitterbug and I said, 'You don't know how to dance that right. Let me show you.' We were invited back for two or three more events and finally I became the Shah's pianist. The hotel didn't care since the Shah owned it."
After a year of performing in Iran, the Shah arranged for Avo to travel to the United States of America in 1947. While living in New York, Avo played for multiple bands while studying classical piano and composition at the Juilliard School.
In addition to performing, Avo Uvezian also wrote songs, one of which was "Broken Guitar" - the prototype for "Strangers in the Night," which Frank Sinatra recorded on his 1966 album of the same name. The album won three Grammy Awards, including Best Male Pop Vocal Performance for the song.
Avo met his wife, Marie Sahagian, while performing at a New York resort in the Catskill Mountains in 1951.
Uvezian was drafted during the Korean War and sent to Fort Dix in New Jersey where he was put through infantry training. After impressing his officers with his musical talents, Uvezian was taken out of the Infantry and put into band training. When he arrived in Korea, the band would play at an Officers Club where they got paid twenty dollars a night. Uvezian was honorably discharged in 1952.
After being discharged, Uvezian spent the next few years working with his father-in-law designing jewelry. This eventually brought him to Puerto Rico where he was paid to perform at the Palmas Del Mar resort.
In 1983, when Avo’s daughter Karyn was born, he went to Switzerland for her christening. Avo had a Cuban cigar after the meal and was not happy with the price. His friend mentioned that they should make their own. Uvezian travelled to the Dominican Republic, where he searched for two years for a satisfactory production facility. Avo finally met Hendrik Kelner, and after smoking samples, Avo offered Kelner twenty-five percent more than he had originally offered. His presumption was that paying Kelner more would ensure that Avo cigars would receive the best tobacco. Michael Roux advised Avo to use attractive packaging. In the first year, 120,000 Avo cigars were sold. By the third year, Avo sold over 750,000 cigars. In 1995, Davidoff paid Avo Uvezian an estimated $10 million for the rights to distribute his cigars. In 1996, more than two million Avo cigars were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="18789396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789396" title="Houston High School (Mississippi)">
Houston High School (Mississippi)

Houston High School is a high school in Houston, Mississippi. It is a part of the Houston School District.

</doc>
<doc id="18789405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789405" title="MyOcean">
MyOcean

MyOcean is a series of projects granted by the European Commission within the GMES Program (Seventh Framework Program), whose objective is to define and to set up a concerted and integrated pan-European capacity for ocean monitoring and forecasting. The activities benefit several specified areas of use: Maritime security, oil spill prevention, marine resources management, climate change, seasonal forecasting, coastal activities, ice sheet surveys, water quality and pollution.
Objectives.
MyOcean's objective is to set up (definition, design, development and validation) an integrated pan-European capability for ocean monitoring and forecasting, using nationally-available skills and resources.
Although the budgetary frame of the project is labelled « Research », the priority is not to conduct further scientific research in the field of operational oceanography, even if this aspect is also taken into account. It is more a question of developing a System of Systems (in the industrial sense), according to the European quality standards, and to achieve operational qualification and eventually qualification of Service.
Context.
The first MyOcean project started on 1 January 2009, scheduled to last for 39 months. It is a follow-up to the MERSEA project (FP6: system implementation phase: 2004-2008), and also integrates some service lines developed as part of ESA's GSE (GMES Service Elements) projects, particularly Marcoast and PolarView.
The follow up project MyOcean2 runs from April 2012 to September 2014 to ensure a controlled continuation and extension of the services and systems already implemented.
Figures.
MyOcean is a consortium of 60 partners in 28 countries (the 22 states of the EU-27 that have a sea coastline, plus Norway, Russia, Ukraine, Morocco, Israel and Canada). 
Two European bodies (JRC and ECMWF) are also partners of 'MyOcean'. The (European Environment Agency) and the (European Maritime Safety Agency) are represented on the Board.
The total budget was 55 M€, of which 33.8 M€ comes from a European Commission subsidy (representing 61% of the total budget), over 36 months.
This budget essentially corresponded to staff costs (83.5%), with the second largest item being mission expenses (7.3% of the total budget). Management costs (and external communication costs) represented 4.1% of the total budget. Equipment fees represented 3%.
The total workload corresponded to the equivalent of 190 full-time employees, but in practical terms, there were more than 350 people involved in the project.
The total budget og MyOcean2 was 41 M€.
Organisation.
The project is coordinated between the executive level (the Executive Committee) and the strategic level (the Board). The role of the 'Governing Body' is to take high-level decisions that affect the project at a strategic level, the major themes, the budget or the make-up of the consortium.
On the 'Board' the following are represented:
- Senior experts representing the main parties (INGV, Met Office, NERSC, DMI, Ifremer, CLS and Mercator Ocean)
- The Chairmen of the Advisory Bodies (Core User Group and Scientific Advisory Committee)
- Representatives of the European Stakeholders (EEA, EMSA, etc.) 
The Board and the Governing Body are chaired by Pierre Bahurel.
TAC (Thematic Assembly Centres) Production Centres.
Their role is to collect the measurements or observations, whether satellite or in situ, and to calibrate, validate, edit, archive and distribute them. There are 5 TACs (WP Leader shown in brackets):
TAC involved into MyOcean project are organized into 7 regions, each region is linked to the corresponding area defined into SeaDataNet project in order to improve efforts on data management and exchange of datasets.
MFC (Monitoring & Forecasting Centres) Production Centres.
They correspond to the 6 European 'basins', plus the Global Ocean. By assimilating observation data in 3D Models, they are to predict the state of the ocean (or to say what the state of the ocean was between two observations). There are 7 of them:

</doc>
<doc id="18789408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789408" title="USS Taganak (AG-45)">
USS Taganak (AG-45)

USS "Taganak" (AG-45) – also known as USS "Lake Shore" (ID-1792) – was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War I as "Lake Shore". She was again reacquired during World War II as "Taganak". During both wars she carried a variety of cargo for the Navy, including coal, ammunition, and general cargo. She survived both wars and was returned to civilian service after each war.
Constructed in Ohio.
"Taganak" (AG-45) was built in 1917 as "War Shell" at Toledo, Ohio, by the Toledo Shipbuilding Company. Acquired by the United States Shipping Board and delivered to the United States Navy for use as a mine carrier, the ship was renamed "Lake Shore", commissioned at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 11 January 1918, and assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS).
World War I service as "Lake Shore".
"Lake Shore" was refitted at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, armed with one 5-inch gun and one six-pounder, manned with a complement of 64, and got underway for Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 7 February. The ship loaded a cargo of coal there and sailed for Boston, Massachusetts, arriving on the 17th. After discharging her cargo, "Lake Shore" returned to Norfolk, Virginia, on the 27th. She then loaded coal and mines for the North Sea barrage, sailed for Scotland on 7 March, and arrived at Lamlash on the 29th. 
The steamer returned to Norfolk, Virginia, on 5 May and sailed on the 18th for Boston where she received an extensive overhaul. On 17 June, she proceeded, via New York City, to Norfolk where she loaded mines and general cargo. Her convoy sailed on 27 June for Scotland and reached Corpach on 15 July.
"Lake Shore" returned to Norfolk on 18 August. She made two more trips from Hampton Roads to Europe—one back to the British Isles and one to France—before returning home on 6 February 1919. She was decommissioned on 5 March 1919 and returned to the Shipping Board the next day.
Post-war decommissioning.
In 1923, "Lake Shore" was sold to the E. K. Wood Lumber Company, Inc., of San Francisco, California, and renamed "Olympic". The steamer was operated by the lumber company along the Pacific coast until it was withdrawn from service in 1940.
World War II service as "Taganak".
Early in World War II, to relieve its acute shortage of cargo ships, the Navy reacquired "Olympic" on 23 May 1942. Following repairs, alterations, and refitting at Mare Island, the ship was commissioned as "Taganak" (AG-45) on 23 July 1942, Lt. Comdr. 0. H. Pitts, USNR, in command.
"Taganak", formally purchased on 28 September 1942, sailed for the South Pacific, via Pearl Harbor, in late October. Upon her arrival at Nouméa, New Caledonia, she was sent to New Zealand to return with a load of lumber. The ship then shuttled cargo between New Zealand, New Caledonia, New Hebrides, and the Solomon Islands for the next year.
Attacked by a Japanese submarine.
On 19 August 1943, "Taganak" was a few hours out of Nouméa en route to Espiritu Santo with a cargo of ammunition when she was attacked by a Japanese submarine. attacked the enemy with depth charges and forced it to the surface. American dive bombers of Scouting Squadron VS-57 came to the assistance of the New Zealand corvette and aided in the kill of the . Rescue efforts succeeded in saving a few survivors. 
On 26 October, "Taganak" stood out of Tutuila, Samoa, and headed for the United States laden with copra. The ship arrived at San Pedro, California, on 19 November; discharged her cargo, and moved to Oakland, California, for an overhaul.
On 11 February 1944, "Taganak" sailed for the South Pacific to resume shuttling inter-island cargo. She put into Auckland, New Zealand, on 6 February 1945 for repairs and then plied the waters of the South Pacific Ocean carrying cargo until after hostilities with Japan ended. The old steamer departed Tutuila on 30 September and headed for the United States.
Post-war decommissioning.
She arrived at San Francisco on 26 October 1945; was decommissioned at Vallejo, California, on 25 March 1946; was struck from the Navy List on 12 April; and was sold on 15 November 1946 to the Pillsbury and Martignoni Co., San Francisco, for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="18789424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789424" title="List of East Germany international footballers">
List of East Germany international footballers

Below is a list of the 273 players who played for the East Germany national team from its foundation in 1952, until 1990 when it was merged with the West Germany team after German reunification.
List of players.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18789426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789426" title="Biraja Temple">
Biraja Temple

The Biraja Temple or "Girija Kshetra", (Devnagari:विरजा क्षेत्र) "Oddyana Peetha", (Devnagari:ओड़्याण पीठ, Oriya:ଓଡ୍ଡ୍ୟାଣ ପୀଠ),(Oriya:ବିରଜା ମନ୍ଦିର) is one of the ancient Hindu temples located in the Jajpur district of Odisha, India. The present temple was built in the 13th century. It is situated in the Jajpur township which is nearly 125 KM north from Bhubaneswar. The main idol is Devi Durga who is worshiped by the name Viraja (Girija). The idol has two hands (dwibhuja), with one hand she pierces the chest of Mahishasura using a spear and with the other hand she pulls the tail of the Mahishasura. The Durga idol rests one foot on the Lion and the other foot on Mahishasura's chest. The Mahishasura is depicted as a Buffalo and not as a regular human demon. The crown of the idol has symbols of Ganesha, Crescent moon and a Shiva linga. The temple covers a large area, and it has several Shiva lingas and other deities. Jajpur is also known as Viraja Kshetra or Biraja Peetha. According to Skanda Purana's Utkala khanda, it washes away the rajo guna of pilgrims. Hence it is called the Viraja or Biraja kshetra. It is believed that Jajpur has one less than one crore Shiva Lingas. It is atypical to Puri of Sri Jagannath as it is called the Pitru tirtha in ancient India. The only place where Dashashwamedha Yajna was organized by the then Jajati Kesari.
Viraja Temple in Tantra.
The Brahmayamala Tantra has a hymn "Aadya Stotra" dedicated to Goddess Shakti. In that hymn, it is stated that Vimala is the shakti in Purusottama Kshetra and Viraja(Girija) is the shakti worshipped in Odra Desha, which is latter known as Odisha.
"[आद्या स्तोत्र-ब्रह्म यामल तन्त्रम्]"
It is believed that sati's navel also fell here as Tantra Chudamani says that the navel fell in Utkala which is called Viraja kshetra. Adi Shankara in his Ashtadasha shakti peetha stuti describes this peetha as Oddiyana Peetha and the goddess as Girija. Here is the verse from his Ashtadasha shakti peetham.
[http://sekharnpc-howjyothirlingascanbe14.blogspot.com/2009/09/18-shakti-peeth-ashta-dasha-shakti.html]
As per many Tantra books, the Oddiyana Peetha (Devnagari:ओड़्याण पीठ) is located in eastern India near Vaitarani river. The place signifies its name. Oddiyana is an ornament worn by women around navel, as the navel fell down here the area surrounding the peetha is called Oddyana Peetha, and the land is known as Odra Desha.
Rituals and Festivals.
The main ritual in this temple is Sharadiya Durga Puja which starts on the night of Krishna Paksha Ashtami which falls before Mahalaya and ends on Ashwin Shukla Paksha Navami. The total Puja, which is called Shodasha dinatatmika Puja, goes on for 16 days. The Rath Yatra of Devi's utsava murty is performed during Mahashtami and Mahanavami. The Ratha (Chariot Festival) is called Simhadhwaja (having the flag symbol of Lion). During the transition of lunar phase from Shukla Ashtami to Shukla Navami, the special animal sacrifice is performed. It is called Bali Daanam. The day of Dussehra is celebrated as Aparajita Puja.
Other festivals include Devi's own Nakshatra, Shravana, which falls on Amavasya of Purnimanta month of Maagha, Prathamastami, Pana Sankranti, Raja Parva and Navanna.
The daily worship to devi is done as depicted in Tantra and Agama. She is worshipped as Mahishasuramardini by Brahmins of Jajpur.
Nabhi Gaya.
It is heard from Puranas that Gaya has the mouth of Gayasura (Shirogaya) & the navel is in Jajpur inside Biraja Temple. Whereas padagaya (ends of gayasura) is in Pithapuram of Andhra Pradesh. God Brahma did 10 Ashwamedha yajna here on the bank of Baitarani Or Vaitarani. It is called as Dakshina (south) Vedi of Brahma. Others being Gaya (east); Kurukshetra, (north); Pushkar (west), & Prayag Allahbad (centre), according to Vamana Purana. Many pilgrims gather here for Shraaddha during Mahalaya. A Holy swim commences in Vaitarani river on that day of Chaitra krishna chaturdasi called as Varuni Snan Yoga. It becomes auspicious if the day is Saturday and the star is Shatabhisha.
The nearest rail head is Byasanagar or Jajpur Keonjhar road on Chennai-howrah railway.

</doc>
<doc id="18789445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789445" title="119th Regiment">
119th Regiment

119th Regiment or 119th Infantry Regiment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789453" title="Gothic language">
Gothic language

Gothic is an extinct Germanic language that was spoken by the Goths. It is known primarily from the Codex Argenteus, a 6th-century copy of a 4th-century Bible translation, and is the only East Germanic language with a sizable text corpus. All others, including Burgundian and Vandalic, are known, if at all, only from proper names that survived in historical accounts, and from loanwords in other languages such as Portuguese, Spanish and French.
As a Germanic language, Gothic is a part of the Indo-European language family. It is the earliest Germanic language that is attested in any sizable texts, but lacks any modern descendants. The oldest documents in Gothic date back to the 4th century. The language was in decline by the mid-6th century, due, in part, to the military defeat of the Goths at the hands of the Franks, the elimination of the Goths in Italy, and geographic isolation (in Spain the Gothic language lost its last and probably already declining function as a church language when the Visigoths converted to Catholicism in 589). 
The language survived as a domestic language in the Iberian peninsula (modern Spain and Portugal) as late as the 8th century, and in the lower Danube area and in isolated mountain regions in Crimea apparently as late as the early 9th century. Gothic-seeming terms found in later (post-9th century) manuscripts may not belong to the same language.
The existence of such early attested corpora makes it a language of considerable interest in comparative linguistics.
History and evidence.
Only a few documents in Gothic survive – not enough to completely reconstruct the language. This is especially true considering that most Gothic corpora are translations or glosses of other languages (namely, Greek), so that foreign linguistic elements most certainly influenced the texts. The primary sources are:
There have been unsubstantiated reports of the discovery of other parts of Ulfilas' bible. Heinrich May in 1968 claimed to have found in England 12 leaves of a palimpsest containing parts of the Gospel of Matthew. The claim was never substantiated.
Only fragments of the Gothic translation of the Bible have been preserved. The translation was apparently done in the Balkans region by people in close contact with Greek Christian culture. It appears that the Gothic Bible was used by the Visigoths in Iberia until circa 700 AD, and perhaps for a time in Italy, the Balkans and what is now Ukraine. In exterminating Arianism, many texts in Gothic were probably expunged and overwritten as palimpsests, or collected and burned. Apart from Biblical texts, the only substantial Gothic document which still exists, and the only lengthy text known to have been composed originally in the Gothic language, is the "Skeireins", a few pages of commentary on the Gospel of John.
Very few secondary sources make reference to the Gothic language after about 800. In "De incrementis ecclesiae Christianae" (840/2), Walafrid Strabo, a Frankish monk who lived in Swabia, speaks of a group of monks, who reported that "even now certain peoples in Scythia (Dobrudja), especially around Tomis spoke a "sermo Theotiscus" (‘Germanic language’), which was the language of the Gothic translation of the Bible, and used such a liturgy.
In evaluating medieval texts that mention the Goths, many writers used the word "Goths" to mean any Germanic people in eastern Europe (such as the Varangians), many of whom certainly did not use the Gothic language as known from the Gothic Bible. Some writers even referred to Slavic-speaking people as Goths. However, it is clear from Ulfilas' translation that despite some puzzles the language belongs with the Germanic language group, and not with Slavonic.
The relationship between the language of the Crimean Goths and Ulfilas' Gothic is less clear. The few fragments of Crimean Gothic from the 16th century show significant differences from the language of the Gothic Bible, although some of the glosses, such as "ada" for "egg", could indicate a common heritage, and Gothic "mena" ("moon"), compared to Crimean Gothic "mine", can suggest an East Germanic connection.
Generally, the Gothic language refers to the language of Ulfilas, but the attestations themselves are largely from the 6th century – long after Ulfilas had died. The above list is not exhaustive, and a more extensive list is available on the website of the Project.
Alphabet and transliteration.
Ulfilas' Gothic, as well as that of the "Skeireins" and various other manuscripts, was written using an alphabet that was most likely invented by Ulfilas himself for his translation. Some scholars (e.g. Braune) claim that it was derived from the Greek alphabet only, while others maintain that there are some Gothic letters of Runic or Latin origin.
This Gothic alphabet has nothing to do either with blackletter (also called "Gothic script"), which was used to write the Latin script from the 12th to 14th centuries and evolved into the Fraktur writing later used to write German, or with the sanserif type fonts called "Gothic." 
A standardized system is used for transliterating Gothic words into the Latin script. The system mirrors the conventions of the native alphabet, for example writing long as "ei". There are two variant spelling systems: a "raw" one that directly transliterates the original Gothic script, and a "normalized" one that adds diacritics (macrons and acute accents) to certain vowels to clarify the pronunciation, or in certain cases to indicate the Proto-Germanic origin of the vowel in question. The normalized spelling system is usually used in the academic literature.
The following table shows the correspondence between spelling and sound for vowels:
Notes:
The following table shows the correspondence between spelling and sound for consonants:
Phonology.
It is possible to determine more or less exactly how the Gothic of Ulfilas was pronounced, primarily through comparative phonetic reconstruction. Furthermore, because Ulfilas tried to follow the original Greek text as much as possible in his translation, we know that he used the same writing conventions as those of contemporary Greek. Since the Greek of that period is well documented, it is possible to reconstruct much of Gothic pronunciation from translated texts. In addition, the way in which non-Greek names are transcribed in the Greek Bible and in Ulfilas' Bible is very informative.
Consonants.
In general, Gothic consonants are devoiced at the ends of words. Gothic is rich in fricative consonants (although many of them may have been approximants, it is hard to separate the two) derived by the processes described in Grimm's law and Verner's law and characteristic of Germanic languages. Gothic is unusual among Germanic languages in having a phoneme which has not become through rhotacization. Furthermore, the doubling of written consonants between vowels suggests that Gothic made distinctions between long and short, or geminated consonants: "atta" "dad", "kunnan" "to know" (Dutch "kennen", German "kennen" "to know", Icelandic "kunna").
Sonorants.
Gothic has three nasal consonants, of which one is an allophone of the others, found only in complementary distribution with them. Nasals in Gothic, like most languages, are pronounced at the same point of articulation as either the consonant that follows them (assimilation). Therefore, clusters like and are not possible.
Accentuation and intonation.
Accentuation in Gothic can be reconstructed through phonetic comparison, Grimm's law and Verner's law. Gothic used a stress accent rather than the pitch accent of proto-Indo-European. It is indicated by the fact that long vowels and were shortened and the short vowels and were lost in unstressed syllables.
Just as in other Germanic languages, the free moving Indo-European accent was fixed on the first syllable of simple words. (For example, in modern English, nearly all words that do not have accents on the first syllable—except when they have unaccented prefixes as in "beget" or "forgive"—are borrowed from other languages.) Accents do not shift when words are inflected. In most compound words, the location of the stress depends on its placement in the second part:
Examples: (with comparable words from modern Germanic languages)
Grammar.
Morphology.
Nouns and adjectives.
Gothic preserves many archaic Indo-European features that are not always present in modern Germanic languages, in particular the rich Indo-European declension system. Gothic had nominative, accusative, genitive and dative cases, as well as vestiges of a vocative case that was sometimes identical to the nominative and sometimes to the accusative. The three genders of Indo-European were all present, including the neuter gender of modern German and Icelandic and to some extent modern Dutch, Danish, Norwegian and Swedish –in opposition to the "common gender" ("genus commune") which those languages apply to both masculine and feminine nouns. Nouns and adjectives were inflected according to one of two grammatical numbers: the singular and the plural.
Nouns can be divided into numerous declensions according to the form of the stem: "a", "ō", "i", "u", "an", "ōn", "ein", "r", etc. Adjectives have two variants, "indefinite" and "definite" (sometimes "indeterminate" and "determinate"), with definite adjectives normally used in combination with the definite determiners (e.g. the definite article "sa"/"þata"/"sō") while indefinite adjectives are used in other circumstances. Indefinite adjectives generally use a combination of "a"-stem and "ō"-stem endings, while definite adjectives use a combination of "an"-stem and "ōn"-stem endings. The concept of "strong" and "weak" declensions that is prevalent in the grammar of many other Germanic languages is less significant in Gothic due to its conservative nature: The so-called "weak" declensions (those ending in "n") are in fact no weaker in Gothic (in terms of having fewer endings) than the "strong" declensions (those ending in a vowel), and the "strong" declensions do not form a coherent class that can be clearly distinguished from the "weak" declensions.
Although descriptive adjectives in Gothic (as well as superlatives ending in "-ist" and "-ost") and the past participle may take both definite and indefinite forms, some adjectival words are restricted to only one variant. Some pronouns only take the definite forms; for example: "sama" (English "same"), adjectives like ' ("constantly", from the root ', "time"; compare to the English "while"), comparative adjectives, and present participles. Others, such as "áins" ("some"), take only the indefinite forms.
The table below displays the declension of the Gothic adjective "blind" (English: "blind"), compared with the "an"-stem noun "guma" "man" and the "a"-stem noun "dags" "day":
This table is, of course, not exhaustive. (There are secondary inflexions of various sorts, which are not described here.) An exhaustive table of only the "types" of endings Gothic took is presented below.
Gothic adjectives follow noun declensions closely – they take same types of inflexion.
Pronouns.
Gothic inherited the full set of Indo-European pronouns: personal pronouns (including reflexive pronouns for each of the three grammatical persons), possessive pronouns, both simple and compound demonstratives, relative pronouns, interrogatives and indefinite pronouns. Each follows a particular pattern of inflexion (partially mirroring the noun declension), much like other Indo-European languages. One particularly noteworthy characteristic is the preservation of the dual number, referring to two people or things while the plural was only used for quantities greater than two. Thus, "the two of us" and "we" for numbers greater than two were expressed as "wit" and "weis" respectively. While proto-Indo-European used the dual for all grammatical categories that took a number (as did classical Greek and Sanskrit), most Old Germanic languages are unusual in that they only preserved it for pronouns. Gothic preserves an older system with dual marking on both pronouns and verbs (but not nouns or adjectives).
The simple demonstrative pronoun "sa" (neuter: "þata", feminine: "so", from the Indo-European root "*so", "*seh2", "*tod"; cognate to the Greek article ὁ, ἡ, τό and the Latin "istud") can be used as an article, allowing constructions of the type "definite article + weak adjective + noun".
The interrogative pronouns begin with "ƕ-", which derives from the proto-Indo-European consonant "*kw" that was present at the beginning of all interrogratives in proto-Indo-European. This is cognate with the "wh-" at the beginning of many English interrogatives which, as in Gothic, are pronounced with [ʍ] in some dialects. This same etymology is present in the interrogatives of many other Indo-European languages": "w-" in German, "hv-" in Danish, the Latin "qu-" (which persists in modern Romance languages), the Greek τ or π, and the Sanskrit "k-" as well as many others.
Verbs.
The bulk of Gothic verbs follow the type of Indo-European conjugation called "thematic" because they insert a vowel derived from the reconstructed proto-Indo-European phonemes "*e" or "*o" between roots and inflexional suffixes. This pattern is also present in Greek and Latin:
The other conjugation, called "athematic", where suffixes are added directly to roots, exists only in unproductive vestigial forms in Gothic, just as it does in Greek and Latin. The most important such instance is the verb "to be", which is athematic in Greek, Latin, Sanskrit and many other Indo-European languages.
Gothic verbs are, like nouns and adjectives, divided into strong verbs and weak verbs. Weak verbs are characterised by preterites formed by appending the suffixes "-da" or "-ta", parallel to past participles formed with "-þ" / "-t". Strong verbs form preterites by ablaut (the alternating of vowels in their root forms), or by reduplication (prefixing the root with the first consonant in the root plus "aí"), but without adding a suffix in either case. This parallels the Greek and Sanskrit perfects. This dichotomy is still present in modern Germanic languages:
Verbal inflexions in Gothic have two grammatical voices: the active and the medial; three numbers: singular, dual (except in the third person), and plural; two tenses: present and preterite (derived from a former perfect); three grammatical moods: indicative, subjunctive (from an old optative form) and imperative; as well as three kinds of nominal forms: a present infinitive, a present participle, and a past passive. Not all tenses and persons are represented in all moods and voices – some conjugations use auxiliary forms.
Finally, there are forms called "preterite-present" - old Indo-European perfect – that were reinterpreted as present tense. The Gothic word "wáit", from the proto-Indo-European "*woid-h2e" ("to see" in the perfect), corresponds exactly to its Sanskrit cognate "véda" and in Greek to ϝοἶδα. Both etymologically should mean "I have seen" (in the perfect sense) but mean "I know" (in the preterite-present meaning). Latin follows the same rule with "nōuī" ("I have learned" and "I know"). The preterite-present verbs include "áigan" ("to possess") and "kunnan" ("to know") among others.
Syntax.
The syntax of Gothic is similar to that of other old Germanic languages, such as Old English and Old Norse. The word order of Gothic is fairly free, like that of other heavily inflected languages with several noun cases. The natural word order of Gothic is assumed to have been like that of the other old Germanic languages (essentially similar to Modern German word order); however, nearly all extant Gothic texts are translations of Greek originals and have been heavily influenced by Greek syntax.
Clitics.
An important and archaic feature of Gothic that is missing from all other Germanic languages is the presence of various clitic particles that are placed in second position in a sentence, in accordance with Wackernagel's Law, for example "ab-u þus silbin" "of thyself?" where "-u" is a clitic indicating that a yes/no question is being asked and is attached to the first word of the clause, similar to "-ne" in Latin. Note that the prepositional phrase without the clitic appears as "af þus silbin" – the clitic causes originally voiced fricatives, unvoiced at the end of a word, to revert to their voiced form; another such example is "wileid-u" "do you (pl.) want" from "wileiþ" "you (pl.) want". If the first word has a preverb attached, the clitic actually splits the preverb from the verb, e.g. "ga-u-láubjats" "do you both believe ...?" from "galáubjats" "you both believe". Another such clitic is "-uh" "and", appearing as "-h" after a vowel: "ga-h-mēlida" "and he wrote" from "gamēlida" "he wrote", "urreis nim-uh" "arise and take!" from the imperative form "nim" "take". Multiple such clitics can occur, e.g. "diz-uh-þan-sat ijōs" "and then he seized them (fem.)" from "dissat" "he seized" (notice again the voicing of "diz-"), "ga-u-ƕa-sēƕi" "whether he saw anything" from "gasēƕi" "he saw".
Comparison to other Germanic languages.
For the most part, Gothic is known to be significantly closer to Proto-Germanic than any other Germanic language, except for that of the (scantily attested) early Norse runic inscriptions. This has made it invaluable in the reconstruction of Proto-Germanic. In fact, Gothic tends to serve as the primary foundation for reconstructing Proto-Germanic. The reconstructed Proto-Germanic conflicts with Gothic only when there is clearly identifiable evidence from other branches that the Gothic form is a secondary development.
Features.
Gothic fails to display a number of innovations shared by all later-attested Germanic languages:
The language has also preserved many features that have mostly been lost in other early Germanic languages:
The following sections describe some of these features in more detail.
Lack of umlaut.
Most conspicuously, Gothic shows no sign of morphological umlaut. Gothic "fotus", pl. "fotjus", can be contrasted with English "foot" : "feet", German "Fuß" : "Füße", Old Icelandic "fótr" : "fœtr", Danish "fod" : "fødder". These forms contain the characteristic change /o:/ > /ø:/ (> Eng. /i:/, Germ. /y:/) due to i-umlaut; the Gothic form shows no such change.
Lack of rhotacism.
Proto-Germanic *"z" remains in Gothic as "z" or is devoiced to "s". In North and West Germanic, *"z" changes to "r" by rhotacism.
Passive voice.
Gothic retains a morphological passive voice inherited from Indo-European, but unattested in all other Germanic languages, except for the single fossilised form preserved in, for example, Old English "hātte" or Runic Norse (AD 400) "haitē" "am called", derived from the verb "*haitanaN" "to call, command". (Note that the related verbs "heißen" in modern German and "heten" in Dutch are both derived from the active voice of this verb but have the passive meaning "to be called".)
The morphological passive in North Germanic languages (Swedish "gör" "does", "görs" "is done") originates from the Old Norse middle voice rather than from Indo-European.
Dual number.
Unlike other Germanic languages, which retained dual number marking only in some pronoun forms, Gothic has dual forms both in pronouns and in verbs. Dual verb forms exist in the first and second person only, and only in the active voice; in all other cases, the corresponding plural forms are used. In pronouns, Gothic has first and second person dual pronouns, e.g. Gothic/Old English/Old Norse "wit" "we two" (thought to have been in fact derived from "*wi-du" literally "we two").
Reduplication.
Gothic possesses a number of verbs which form their preterite by reduplication, another archaic feature inherited from Indo-European. While traces of this category survived elsewhere in Germanic, the phenomenon is largely obscured in these other languages by later sound changes and analogy. In the following examples the infinitive is compared to the 3rd person singular preterite indicative:
Classification.
The standard theory of the origin of the Germanic languages divides the languages into three groups: East Germanic (Gothic and a few other very scantily-attested languages), North Germanic (Old Norse and its derivatives, such as Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, Icelandic and Faroese) and West Germanic (all others, including Old English, Old High German, Old Saxon, Old Low Franconian, Old Frisian and numerous modern languages derived from these). A further grouping, that of the Northwest Germanic languages, contains the North Germanic and West Germanic languages - indicating that Gothic was the first attested language to branch off.
A minority opinion (the so-called Gotho-Nordic Hypothesis) instead groups North Germanic and East Germanic together. This is partly based on historical claims: For example, Jordanes, writing in the 6th century, ascribes to the Goths a Scandinavian origin. There are a few linguistically significant areas where Gothic and Old Norse agree against the West Germanic languages. Perhaps the most obvious is the evolution of the Proto-Germanic *"-jj-" and *"-ww-" into Gothic "ddj" (from Pre-Gothic "ggj"?) and "ggw", and Old Norse "ggj" and "ggv" ("Holtzmann's Law"), in contrast to West Germanic where they remained as semivowels. Compare Modern English "true", German "treu", with Gothic "triggws", Old Norse "tryggr". However, it has been suggested that these are in fact two separate and unrelated changes. A number of other posited similarities exist (for example: the existence of numerous inchoative verbs ending in -"na", such as Gothic "ga-waknan", Old Norse "vakna"; and the absence of gemination before "j", or (in the case of old Norse) only "g" geminated before "j", e.g. Proto-Germanic *"kunjam" > Gothic "kuni" (kin), Old Norse "kyn", but Old English "cynn", Old High German "kunni"). However, for the most part these represent shared retentions, which are not valid means of grouping languages. That is, if a parent language splits into three daughters A, B and C, and C innovates in a particular area while A and B don't change, then A and B will appear to agree against C. However, this example of a shared retention in A and B is not necessarily indicative of any special relationship among the two. Similar claims of similarities between Old Gutnish ("Gutniska") and Old Icelandic are also based on shared retentions rather than shared innovations.
Another commonly-given example involves Gothic and Old Norse verbs with the ending "-t" in the 2nd person singular preterite indicative, while the West Germanic languages have "-i". In this case, neither ending is clearly a retention or innovation. Mainstream linguists would tend to say that this is an example of independent choices made from a doublet existing in the proto-language. That is, Proto-Germanic may have allowed either "-t" or "-i" to be used as the ending, either in free variation or perhaps depending on dialects within Proto-Germanic or on the particular verb in question. Each of the three daughters independently standardized on one of the two endings, and by chance Gothic and Old Norse "chose" the same ending.
Other isoglosses have led scholars to propose an early split between East and Northwest Germanic. Furthermore, features shared by any two branches of Germanic do not necessarily require the postulation of a proto-language excluding the third, as the early Germanic languages were all part of a dialect continuum in the early stages of their development and contact between the three branches of Germanic was extensive.
Influence.
The reconstructed Proto-Slavic language features several apparent borrowed words from East Germanic (presumably Gothic).

</doc>
<doc id="18789456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789456" title="Ludolf Nielsen">
Ludolf Nielsen

Karl Henrik Ludolf Nielsen (January 29, 1876 – October 16, 1939) was a Danish composer, violinist, conductor, and a pianist. Today he is considered as one of the most important Danish composers of the early 1900s (together with the more famous Carl Nielsen).
Life.
Nielsen was born in Nørre Tvede, Denmark, although his family lacked any musicians Ludolf took to music at a very young age. After a few years of taking violin lessons from local fiddlers, when he was eight he played at local festivals and other country occasions. In his mid-teens, he moved to Copenhagen, which exposed him to a much more musical society. When he was 19, Ludolf won a scholarship to the Danish Royal Academy of Music from a contest. There, he studied violin, piano, and music theory. Supposedly, his composing talents were self-taught. 
When he was about 20, Nielsen started composing music, and the Tivoli Orchestra hired him as a violinist. Some of his works were performed in 1899, but his first major success was with the symphonic poem "Regnar Lodbrog," which gained him an additional scholarship that gave him the opportunity to spend time in the musically rich city of Leipzig, where he composed a few string quartets and had them published. He returned to Copenhagen and was conductor of the Tivoli Orchestra. In 1902, he composed his First Symphony, and the tone poem "From the Mountains" between 1903 and 1905. Just after his marriage in 1907, Nielsen composed a Romance for Violin (1908) and his Second Symphony (1907 – 1909). 
Like many other artists, World War I had a very profound effect on Nielsen; He wrote little until 1914, when he wrote his Third Symphony in C. After the War, he became a private music teacher and eventually returned to composing. The two most important works from this period are his ballet Lackschmi (1922) and the orchestral suite Skovvandring (Forest Journey), along with almost 100 Lieder. 
Between 1926 and 1939, Ludolf worked as a programmer for the Danish National Radio Corporation and, with the exception of a few radio plays, he ceased composing. On October 16, 1939, at the age of 63, Nielsen died in Copenhagen.

</doc>
<doc id="18789459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789459" title="Gary Ignasiak">
Gary Ignasiak

Gary Raymond Ignasiak (born September 1, 1949 in Anchorville, Michigan) is a former Major League Baseball player. He played part of one season with the Detroit Tigers. Ignasiak was drafted by the Detroit Tigers in the 36th round of the 1967 amateur draft, and appeared in 3 games with the Tigers in 1973, all as a relief pitcher. He had a career earned run average of 3.86, while having a career win/loss record of 0-0. Ignasiak played his final game September 29, 1973. 
Gary's brother, Mike Ignasiak, also pitched in the majors.

</doc>
<doc id="18789465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789465" title="Island raccoon">
Island raccoon

The term island raccoons is used as a generic term for five subspecies or species of raccoon ("Procyon") endemic on small Central American and Caribbean islands, such as Cozumel and Guadeloupe. Other subspecies of raccoon living on islands, like that of the common raccoon ("Procyon lotor") native to the Florida Keys, are generally not intended to be included under this term, since it was established at a time when all five "island raccoons" were considered distinct species. The five populations are:
Classification.
After studies of their morphological and genetic traits in 1999, 2003 and 2005, only the Cozumel raccoon is still considered a distinct species, while the others were classified as subspecies of the common raccoon in the third edition of Mammal Species of the World published in 2005. It is assumed that the four other island forms were introduced to their respective islands just a few centuries ago, probably by humans. The Guadeloupe raccoon is even regarded to be consubspecific with the very similar Bahaman raccoon; its former scientific name "Procyon (lotor) minor" is listed as a synonym for "Procyon lotor maynardi".
Description.
Apart from the comparatively large Tres Marias raccoon, all island raccoons are smaller than an average sized common raccoon, making them examples of insular dwarfism. With a weight between 3 and 4 kg (6.6–8.8 lbs), the Cozumel raccoon is the smallest type of raccoon, except for "Procyon lotor auspicatus" endemic on Key Vaca in the Florida Keys. While a short and delicate skull is all in common except for the Tres Marias raccoon, the noticeable small teeth of the Cozumel raccoon suggest that it was separated from the mainland form long ago. The coat color of all island raccoons is gray or dark gray and on the underparts only few guard hairs cover the light brown ground hairs.
Conservation.
The last sighting of the Barbados raccoon occurred in 1964, when one specimen was killed by a car on a road near Bathsheba. All four extant populations were classified as endangered by the IUCN in 1996, since less than 2,500 mature individuals were living in the wild and the population numbers continue to decline. Katherine W. McFadden gives an estimated number of fewer than 194 mature individuals of the Cozumel raccoons in her dissertation and argues that it should be even classified as critically endangered. Apart from the fact that the Guadeloupe raccoon has been chosen as an emblematic species for Guadeloupe National Park, no conservation efforts have been made to protect these populations from extinction. Habitat destruction and hunting are the biggest threats to their survival. Considering their small ranges, they were most likely never numerous. While Kristofer M. Helgen and Don E. Wilson, who have done the most recent research about island raccoons, are of the opinion that the Cozumel raccoon should be considered a high conservation priority, the other three subspecies may themselves pose a threat to the insular ecosystem as invasive species.

</doc>
<doc id="18789477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789477" title="2008–09 Primera División (Costa Rica)">
2008–09 Primera División (Costa Rica)

The Invierno 2008-09 season started on July 27 with 2 groups of 6 teams, they will play twice (home and away) with the teams of their own group (10 games) and once with the teams of the other group (6 games), for a total of 16 games. The 3 top teams of each group qualify for the playoffs. The winners of group A and B get a bye week, while the 2nd of group A plays the 3rd of group B and the 2nd of group B plays the 3rd of group A. The winners of these series move to the semi-final series.
The home field advantage in the playoffs is given to the team with the best record in the group stage.
The winner of the playoff series will gain entry into the group stage of the CONCACAF Champions League 2009-10. The runner-up will gain entry into the 2009-10 CONCACAF Champions League preliminary round. If the same team wins both the Invierno and Verano tournaments then the preliminary round spot will be awarded to the team with the next best regular season record in the Verano tournament.
Invierno 2008.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Verano 2009.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B

</doc>
<doc id="18789481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789481" title="Western Australian state election, 1980">
Western Australian state election, 1980

Elections were held in the state of Western Australia on 23 February 1980 to elect all 55 members to the Legislative Assembly and 16 members to the 32-seat Legislative Council. The Liberal-National Country coalition government, led by Premier Sir Charles Court, won a third term in office against the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Ron Davies. 
The election produced very little in terms of the balance of the parties in Parliament—Labor won Kimberley from the Liberals in the Assembly, and a North Province seat in the Council, but lost two Council seats to the Liberals—one each in North Metropolitan and South-East Metropolitan. However, Labor received a substantial swing overall, increasing majorities in seats it already held, and reducing Liberal majorities in western suburban seats and pushing the key seats of Bunbury and Pilbara into marginal status. Despite a vigorous campaign against each other, the National Country and National parties, which had split in August 1978, failed to gain any seats off each other, each retaining three seats in the Assembly, and the former retaining one in the Council.
Results.
Legislative Assembly.
Notes:
Legislative Council.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="18789488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789488" title="Countryside Shopping Center">
Countryside Shopping Center

Countryside Shopping Center is located in Countryside, Illinois. A recent rehab project is underway, with hopes of drawing more retailers to the sagging shopping area. The plaza is home to many big box retailers.
Anchor stores include Home Depot, Office Depot, Petsmart, Jo-Ann Fabrics, and Best Buy.

</doc>
<doc id="18789497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789497" title="Headstrong (band)">
Headstrong (band)

Headstrong was a Canadian rock band formed in 1998. They released one eponymous studio album under RCA Records before being dropped from the label and ultimately disbanding in 2003.
Band history.
Collectively, the band members all met in 1993 while Kinna, Krass and Matthews were living in Saugeen-Maitland Hall at the University of Western Ontario and Cohen was completing the Music Industry Arts program at Fanshawe College. Among Cohen's classmates at the time was Greg Below, who would later go on to create Distort Entertainment. While Headstrong initially began in the late 1990s under the name bomb32 in London, Ontario, the group was formed of two long-standing pairings. Cohen and Krass had grown up friends in the Niagara Region, writing and performing under various incarnations since 1987, the two were greatly inspired by Living Colour, Guns and Roses, GWAR, and much of the Classic Rock and Modern Punk era at the time. Kinna and Matthews had a slightly shorter, but similar relationship living in Toronto and attending the same summer-camp, they drew their inspiration from a like, but wider range of sources. 
Comparable to acts such as 311, Stone Temple Pilots, Rage Against The Machine and Helmet, they used the popularity of Farmclub to promote their music. The strength of their first single, "All of the Above," earned Headstrong over a million votes from fans of the television show's site. They became Farmclub's first international guest and were granted a performance at LA's Farmclub stage in the summer of 2000. While there, they shared the stage with the likes of Kid Rock and Eminem and caught the attention of David Bendeth, senior vice-president of A&R, who signed them afterwards. Headstrong then made their live American debut at the CMJ Music Marathon on October 12 at Don Hills, New York. Also a key advocate of the band at RCA, was Bill Burrs, now Senior Sony-BMG Vice-President Promotions. The bands relationship with David could be described as frictional, as the label was in a constant state of interference with the bands ideals, perhaps rooted in their being Canadian with an American label partner in a notorious marketplace; but they could not deny that Bendeth had a great deal of influence in their improvement as players. The label itself was in a period of instability brought on by the creative destruction digitization would bring to the North American music industry. Headstrong could be remarked as one of the last acts to enter the analog market place, as the RIAA was beginning to align legislative forces against piracy in the form of Napster roughly at the time of their signing, certainly it was the backdrop to their courtship with the label. Headstrong did not 'win' Farmclub, nor were they signed on directly on the heels of the performance. Prior to their arrival to the taping, it was known that the band was on the radar of many in the Canadian and US industry before this performance as they were managed in part by Andy Martin of Deep South Entertainment in Raleigh, North Carolina. 
Thanks to their booking agents S.L. Feldman & Associates, Headstrong then embarked on a Canadian tour with fellow Canadians Flybanger starting in November 2001. The group also found fast friends in Breach of Trust, The Salads, appearing together on many occasions throughout Southern Ontario, making Zaphod's Memorable Shows in Ottawa Ontario, November 30th 2001. On February 19, 2002, they released their self-titled debut under RCA. "Headstrong" managed to find success with its single "Adriana," which reached No. 15 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and had a music video. However, problems began erupting within the following months, as J Records and existing RCA staff were consolidated through directive of parent company, BMG. In late July, Headstrong was pulled from touring with Tommy Lee in a decision reportedly made by RCA to end the band's tour support. By this time, Headstrong had also been believed to be writing and demoing new material which would possibly be showcased in their forthcoming fall concerts. However, in August, a mere six months after their debut album's release, Headstrong was dropped by RCA. The bands last performance US was alongside Atlanta, GA rock band Injected on the steps of the Capital Building at the Taste of Madision Festival in Madison, WI. The following year, in late April, Headstrong decided to split up, citing disillusionment with the record label as one reason. As one would expect, there is little contact between the band and their industry counterparts from the time, but the members maintain a unanimous fondness for Burrs and an almost Stockholm-ish opinion of Bendeth. 
Prior to their exit from the music industry the band left behind several tracks for their fans, which they produced from the remains of their funds, also with long time friend Producer, and at the time only advocate, Dan Brodbeck. False Start, How White, and Muchas Gracias.
Headstrong have since gone on to become teachers, academics and media professionals in the GTA, ON, Canada. The band most recently reunited under pseudonym (The Legendary Castaways) to celebrate front-man Kinna's marriage, performing two-shows, one with The Salads at the Hard Rock Café in Toronto, ON.

</doc>
<doc id="18789498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789498" title="Süchteln">
Süchteln

Süchteln is a section of Viersen, a town which is the centre of the "Kreis" of Viersen in North-Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Süchteln was formerly an independent town; the Catholic parish church of St Clement is at its centre. The church was built in 1481 and has a well preserved tower 73 metres tall.
History.
The first mention of the settlement of Süchteln was in 1116, in the books of the Abbey of St. Pantaleon in Cologne. It was granted the right to hold a market in 1423, when it belonged to the Duchy of Jülich. It has been chartered as a town since 1405. There was a celebration of "600 Years of Town Privileges in Süchteln" ("600 Jahre Stadtrechte Süchteln") in 2005. The original document with the official seal of Süchteln is in the National Archives of France in Paris. 
From the end of the 19th century until the end of the 1950s, Süchteln was a flourishing centre of the textile industry.
In 1970, the city of Süchteln combined with Viersen, Dülken and Boisheim to form the modern city of Viersen.
Local culture.
Irmgard of Süchteln is the patron saint of Süchteln; the annual Irmgardisoktav (Irmgard Week) is held in her honour on the Heiligenberg, part of the Süchtelner Höhen (Süchteln Heights), which are the highest part of Viersen and where there is a chapel dedicated to her.
Among other things, Süchteln is known for the LVR-Klinik Viersen, which is located there. This is a clinic operated by the "Landschaftsverband Rheinland" which includes the nationally known Rheinische Klinik für Orthopädie (Rhenish Orthopaedic Clinic) and also several psychiatric clinics (including paediatric and adolescent psychiatry), a forensic clinic, a clinic for the treatment of addiction, a gerontological institution, ergonomic and occupational therapy and an institute for clinical training.

</doc>
<doc id="18789512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789512" title="Clifford Leaman">
Clifford Leaman

Clifford Leaman is an American classical saxophonist and is the Professor of Saxophone at the University of South Carolina.
In January 2008, Dr. Leaman performed upon invitation at the 31st International Saxophone Symposium with the United States Navy Band. Dr. Leaman hosted the North American Saxophone Alliance in April 2008; the conference was held at the University of South Carolina's School of Music. Dr. Leaman was the Music Division co-chair for the South Carolina Governor’s School for the Arts and served as editor of reviews for the Saxophone Symposium, the North American Saxophone Alliance's annual publication.
Leaman is a saxophone soloist and clinician and has performed and given clinics across the globe. His teachers included Donald Sinta and David Bilger.
Education.
B.S. in Music Education, Lebanon Valley College in Pennsylvania,
M.M. in Woodwind Instrument Performance, University of Michigan and an
A. Mus. D. in Saxophone Performance, University of Michigan
Teaching career.
He served on the faculties of Furman University, Eastern Michigan University, and the University of Michigan prior to his appointment at the University of South Carolina.
Performing career.
An avid supporter of contemporary music, he has commissioned and given the world premiere performances of numerous pieces and is the editor of new music reviews for the Saxophone Symposium. Leaman is an artist-clinician for Conn-Selmer, Inc.
Dr. Leaman has performed as a soloist and clinician throughout the United States, Canada, Italy, Spain and China, where he was a featured guest artist for the 2004, 2005 and 2006 Yantai International Winds Art Festival and the 2005 Xi’an International Arts Festival.
Previous recordings.
Dr. Leaman is featured on a variety of recordings of solo and chamber works for Redwood Records, CRS, and the University of Arizona Recordings. Henry Brant’s "Concerto for Saxophone with Nine Instruments" (Redwood Records) and Ernst Pepping’s "Suite für Trompete, Saxophon, und Posaune" (CRS).
Ambassador Duo
"Since their debut at the 1990 Southwest Contemporary Music Festival and Conference in San Marcos, Texas, The Ambassador Duo has been active as a duo performing and giving clinics at numerous colleges, universities, and concert venues throughout the United States as well as in Canada, Italy, Spain, and China. Their repertoire covers a wide range of musical styles, from Baroque transcriptions to the most recent avant-garde works for saxophone and piano. The Ambassador Duo has inspired and commissioned many new works for saxophone and piano, including three of the works on this recording." Dr. Leaman, in collaboration with pianist Derek Parsons, formed the Ambassador Duo in 1990; and they have released three critically acclaimed compact discs on the Equilibrium label.
Dr. Leaman has released three compact discs in collaboration with pianist Derek Parsons for the Equilibrium label. These include:
"Brilliance" (EQ-21): Features the works of Leslie Bassett, William Bolcom, John Anthony Lennon, Mark Kilstofte and Ida Gotkovsky.
"Excursions" (EQ-55): Features the works of Paul Maurice, Sergei Rachmaninoff (trans. by Clifford Leaman), Robert Schumann (ed. by Fred Hemke), Bernhard Heiden, and Ralph Vaughan Williams (trans. by Clifford Leaman).
"Illuminations" (EQ-63): Features, among others, three works that were written for the duo.
Rosewind Duo
Formed in 2005, the RoseWind Duo consists of Scott Herring, percussion and Clifford Leaman, saxophones. They have given numerous performances and clinics at Universities across the country, including appearances at Northwestern University, Central Michigan University, Eastern Michigan University, the University of Tennessee, and the University of Southern Mississippi. They have been invited to perform at many professional conferences, including the 2007 NASA Region 7 Conference in Greensboro, NC, the 2007 South Carolina Music Teachers Association State Conference, the 2007 International Navy Band Saxophone Symposium and the 2008 Biennial Conference of the North American Saxophone Alliance.
In May 2010, RoseWind traveled to France and Spain for two weeks of concerts and clinics. Stops on this tour included Zaragossa and Barcelona Spain, and Strasbourg and Paris France. In December 2010, the duo traveled to Beijing China as featured artists for The First International Wind and Percussion Festival held at the Beijing Central Conservatory. Most recently, the duo returned to Yantai, China for a concert at the Yantai Arts Center and five days of masterclasses and clinics with students from the Yantai Arts School and various parts of Shandong Province.
T'he RoseWind Duo's first CD, Release, is now available from Equilbrium Records, on iTunes, and Amazon Music. This recording features premiere recordings of new music for Saxophone and Marimba.
Equipment.
Dr. Leaman plays: A Selmer (Paris) Super Action 80 Serie II Alto Saxophone (Selmer S90 190 Mouthpiece, Rico Reserve #3.5, Bay Gold-Plated Ligature); a Selmer (Paris) Super Action 80 Serie III Soprano Saxophone, and a Selmer (Paris) Super Action 80 Serie II "Jubilee" Tenor Saxophone.

</doc>
<doc id="18789520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789520" title="Monan, Punjab">
Monan, Punjab

Monan is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at and has an altitude of 229 metres (754 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18789530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789530" title="Cecil H. Underwood Wildlife Management Area">
Cecil H. Underwood Wildlife Management Area

Cecil H. Underwood Wildlife Management Area is located on near in Marshall and Wetzel counties near Cameron, West Virginia. The rugged, steep terrain varies in elevation from about 800 feet along the banks of the West Virginia Fork of Fish Creek to over 1500 feet. The steep slopes are covered with mixed hardwoods and forest clearings fields. The WMA is located about 10 miles south of Cameron on Rice Ridge Road off of U. S. Route 250, along the border of Marshall and Wetzel counties.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities, limited by the small size of the area, include deer, grouse, squirrel, turkey and grouse. Fishing opportunities in the West Virginia Fork of Fish Creek include smallmouth bass, rock bass, and sunfish. Camping is prohibited at this WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="18789531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789531" title="119 Squadron">
119 Squadron

119 Squadron or 119th Squadron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789535" title="Monan">
Monan

Monan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789571" title="List of 2008 Summer Olympics medal winners">
List of 2008 Summer Olympics medal winners

The 2008 Summer Olympics were held in Beijing, People's Republic of China, from 8 August to 24 August 2008. Approximately 11,028 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees (NOC) participated. Overall, 302 events in 28 sports were held; 165 events were opened to men, 127 were opened to women and 10 were mixed events. In total there was one more event than in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Nine new events were held, including two from the new cycling discipline of BMX. Women competed in the 3000 metre steeplechase for the first time. Marathon open water swimming events for men and women, over the distance of 10 kilometres, were added to the swimming discipline. Team events (men and women) in table tennis replaced the doubles events. In fencing, women's team foil and women's team sabre replaced men's team foil and women's team épée. Two sports were open only to men, baseball and boxing, while one sport and one discipline were open only to women, softball and synchronized swimming. Equestrian is the only sport in which men and women compete together in the same events. Baseball and softball may have made their last appearances in Olympics history during these Games, as the International Olympic Committee voted to remove them from the programme of the 2012 Olympics. A total of 958 medals for events (302 gold, 303 silver and 353 bronze) were awarded. In boxing, judo, taekwondo and wrestling, two bronze medals are awarded in each weight class. Therefore, the total number of bronze medals is greater than the total number of gold or silver medals. Additionally there were ties for a silver medal and two bronze medals.
A total of 1,881 individual athletes won medals. Chinese athletes won the most gold medals with 51 (100 total), and the United States won the most total medals with 110 (including 36 gold). Athletes from 87 countries won medals, while 55 nations won at least one gold medal, both setting new records for Olympic Games. Athletes from Afghanistan (Rohullah Nikpai – Taekwondo, men's 58 kg), Mauritius (Bruno Julie – boxing, bantamweight), Sudan (Ismail Ahmed Ismail – athletics, men's 800 m), Tajikistan (Rasul Boqiev – judo, men's 73 kg), and Togo (Benjamin Boukpeti – canoeing, men's K-1 slalom) won their NOCs' first Olympic medal. Athletes from Mongolia (Naidangiin Tüvshinbayar – judo, men's 100 kg), and Panama (Irving Saladino – athletics, men's long jump) won their nations' first gold medal.
American swimmer Michael Phelps was the most successful athlete, winning eight gold medals and setting a new record for most golds won in a single edition of the Olympics (the previous record, seven, had been set in 1972 by Mark Spitz). Phelps also set a new record for most career gold medals (14), and his 16 total medals are ranked second all-time behind Soviet gymnast Larisa Latynina (18). Several records for career medals in a sport were tied or surpassed, including cycling (Bradley Wiggins of the United Kingdom won two gold, tied for record with six career medals); judo (Ryoko Tani of Japan won a bronze, five career medals); softball (Laura Berg of the United States won a gold and Natalie Ward, Melanie Roche and Tanya Harding of Australia won a bronze; all have four career medals); swimming (Michael Phelps, 16 career medals); taekwondo (Steven López of the United States won a bronze and Hadi Saei of Iran won a gold, both three career medals); and table tennis (Wang Nan of China won a gold and silver medal, five career medals).
__NOTOC__
Medal winner changes.
A. Belarussian athletes Vadim Devyatovskiy and Ivan Tsikhan, who won silver and bronze respectively in the men's hammer throw, both tested positive for abnormal levels of testosterone. After attending a disciplinary hearing in September, they were stripped of their medals on December 11, 2008. Krisztián Pars of Hungary was given the silver medal, and Koji Murofushi of Japan was given the bronze. On June 10, 2010, following a successful appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, Devyatovskiy and Tsikhan had their medals reinstated.
B. Ukrainian athlete Lyudmyla Blonska, who finished second in the women's heptathlon, tested positive for the steroid methyltestosterone. On August 22, 2008, the International Olympic Committee officially stripped Blonska of her medal, and as a result, the silver medal went to Hyleas Fountain of the United States, and the bronze medal to Tatyana Chernova of Russia.
C. Norwegian equestrian athlete Tony André Hansen's horse tested positive for the pain relieving medication capsaicin, a banned substance. Hansen, who won a bronze medal in the team jumping event, was disqualified. In the team jumping system, the top three scores garnered by the four riders are counted. Hansen had the best score on his team, and it was removed from the total. Without Hansen's score, his team was below the bronze medal threshold so the medal was awarded to the team from Switzerland on December 22, 2008.
D. On August 15, 2008, the International Olympic Committee announced North Korean shooter Kim Jong-su had tested positive for the banned substance propranolol and was stripped of his two medals. He had won a bronze medal in the 10 metre air pistol and silver in the 50 metre pistol. After Kim Jong-su was disqualified, the bronze medal in the 10 metre air pistol went to Jason Turner of the United States; in the 50 metre pistol, the silver medal went to Tan Zongliang of China, and the bronze medal to Vladimir Isakov of Russia.
E. Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian was originally awarded a bronze medal in the Greco-Roman 84 kg event. However, at the medal ceremony he walked off the podium and dropped his medal on the mat in protest of the judging in his event. On August 16, 2008, the International Olympic Committee decided to strip him of his medal because they felt it amounted to a political demonstration and was disrespectful to other athletes.
F. On November 18, 2009, the IOC announced that Rashid Ramzi of Bahrain had been stripped of the gold medal in the men's 1500 m race. Ramzi had been the first athlete from Bahrain to win an Olympic gold medal. His frozen blood sample was re-tested and found to contain traces of Continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA), a stamina-building blood-booster. Kenyan Asbel Kipruto Kiprop was upgraded to gold, Nicholas Willis of New Zealand was given the silver and Mehdi Baala of France received the bronze.
G. On November 18, 2009, the IOC announced that Italian cyclist Davide Rebellin had tested positive for Cera and had been stripped of the silver medal he earned in the men's road race. Switzerland's Fabian Cancellara was upgraded to silver and Russia's Alexandr Kolobnev was given the bronze.
Statistics.
Medal leaders.
Athletes that won at least three gold medals or at least four total medals are listed below.
Source:
Notes.
Note 1. Although the official opening of the Games was on 8 August 2008, football matches were held beginning on 6 August.
Note 2. The fencing programme included six individual events and four team events, though the team events were a different set than were held in 2004. The International Fencing Federation's rules call for events not held in the previous Games to receive automatic selection and for at least one team event in each weapon to be held. Voting is conducted to determine the fourth event. In 2004, the three men's team events and the women's épée were held. Thus, in 2008, the women's foil and sabre events and men's épée were automatically selected. Men's sabre was chosen over foil by a 45–20 vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18789586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789586" title="Hornedo Middle School (El Paso, TX)">
Hornedo Middle School (El Paso, TX)

Hornedo Middle School is a middle school located in northwest El Paso, Texas. It currently houses six, seventh, and eighth grade students. The school mascot is the Tornado and the school colors are navy, white, and silver. The school was opened in 1993. In early 2007, the El Paso Independent School District chose to make Hornedo an eighth and ninth grade school. In turn, the neighboring high school, Franklin High School, would house only tenth to twelfth grade students. The upcoming sixth and seventh grade students would attend a newly built school approximately two and a half miles north of Hornedo. The new school was named Brown Middle School. The mascot and school colors were chosen by sixth graders at Hornedo and fifth graders from nearby elementary schools. This change took place in the beginning of the 2007/2008 school year. Plans to build a new "Hornedo Middle School", at the top of High Ridge Drive, were under way. EPISD was also building a new elementary school, Margaret J. Lundy Elementary, just below Hornedo. In 2009, construction began for the two schools and they were completed for the 2010/2011 school year. The old Hornedo building became the Franklin 9th Grade Center. 
Hornedo Middle School is located at 6101 High Ridge Drive, led by Principal, Angela Henderson, and has an outstanding view of the Franklin Mountains. 

</doc>
<doc id="18789596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789596" title="Synchronized swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's duet">
Synchronized swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's duet

The women's duet synchronized swimming event at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held from August 18 to 20, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.
24 duets competed, each consisting of two swimmers. There were two rounds of competition. The preliminary round consisted of a technical routine and a free routine. Finalists performed a second free routine, adding that score to the preliminary technical routine round score. The technical routine consisted of ten required elements, which had to be completed in order and within a time of between 2 minutes 5 seconds and 2 minutes 35 seconds. The free routine had no restrictions other than time; this routine had to last between 3 minutes 15 seconds and 3 minutes 45 seconds.
For each routine, the team was judged by two panels of five judges each. One panel is the technical jury, the other is the artistic jury. Each judge gives marks of between 0 and 10. The highest and lowest score from each panel are dropped, leaving a total of six scores which are then summed to give the routine's score. The scores of the two routines are then added to give a final score for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18789597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789597" title="Synchronized swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team">
Synchronized swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team

The women's team synchronized swimming event at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held on 22 August and 23 August. 
Eight teams competed, each consisting of eight swimmers (from a total team of nine swimmers). There was a single round of competition. Each team presents two routines: a technical routine and a free routine. The technical routine consists of twelve required elements, which must be completed in order and within a time of between 2 minutes 35 seconds and 3 minutes 5 seconds. The free routine has no restrictions other than time; this routine must last between 3 minutes 45 seconds and 4 minutes 15 seconds. 
For each routine, the team is judged by two panels of five judges each. One panel is the technical jury, the other is the artistic jury. Each judge gives marks of between 0 and 10. The highest and lowest score from each panel are dropped, leaving a total of six scores which are then summed to give the routine's score. The scores of the two routines are then added to give a final score for the team.

</doc>
<doc id="18789609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789609" title="International reaction to the Russia–Georgia war">
International reaction to the Russia–Georgia war

The international reaction to the 2008 South Ossetia war covered many nations, non-governmental organisations and non-state actors. The conflict began in August 2008 over South Ossetia but spread elsewhere in Georgia. The war had a considerable humanitarian impact and affected the financial markets of Russia and Georgia.
In general, Georgia accused Russia of aggression and invasion through land, air, and sea, whereas Russia accused Georgia of genocide and crimes against humanity targeting Ossetians and Russian peacekeepers. Most other countries called for peace, with some demanding respect of Georgia's territorial integrity while others supported Russian intervention. Debate ranged from which country started the war to disbelief at the level of destruction.
Popular protests regarding 2008 South Ossetia war.
Popular protests for peace were held throughout Europe and in the United States as the war unfolded.

</doc>
<doc id="18789610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789610" title="Nootamaa">
Nootamaa

Nootamaa is a small island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia. It marks the westernmost part of Estonia's territorial boundary. Its coordinates are 
Nootimaa has an area of 58,000 sq metres and lies off the extreme western coast of the island of Saaremaa. Together with some other forty islands and islets, it makes up the Vilsandi National Park - an area of ecological protection for birds. 
Nootamaa belongs administratively to the rural village of Atla in Lümanda Parish, Saare County.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18789612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789612" title="Barberi">
Barberi

Barberi is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789613" title="Vladimir Četkar">
Vladimir Četkar

Vladimir Četkar () is a Macedonian multi-talented professional musician BAM who is based in New York City. His work as a guitarist, vocalist, and composer has been praised by music luminaries like George Benson, Maceo Parker, and many more Blue Note Jazz Festival
He was born in Ohrid, Republic of Macedonia where, in his childhood, he played the violin. He was greatly influenced by such jazz, funk, soul and disco bands and musicians as Change, Chic, Earth Wind and Fire, Patrice Rushen, Cameo, The Brothers Johnson, Wes Montgomery, George Benson, Quincy Jones, Jamiroquai and many more. 
Later in life, Vladimir came to the United States to attend Berklee College of Music. There, he focused on contemporary writing and production with the jazz guitar as his main instrument.
His critically acclaimed release in 2008, We Will Never End, has received spectacular reviews worldwide Nu-Soul Magazine and positioned him as one of the most promising names in the Jazz-Soul-Funk genre Patriks Soul Funk Music
He is an active live performer at various international festivals and venues around Europe and the US ranging from the biggest music festival in Europe, Sziget Festival (Budapest), to some of the most prestigious US jazz venues like Catalina Jazz Club (Hollywood, LA), Blue Note (NYC), Blues Alley (Washington DC), Regattabar (Boston) and many more.
Vladimir Cetkar has just finished his second studio album titled 'Heavenly' which was first released in Japan in December 2013 with great feedback from critics and media BBQ Records. The material has garnered accolades also from industry veterans such as the legendary music producers, writers Patrick Adams (Salsoul Records, Prelude Records) and Bob Esty (Casablanca Records), iconic Disco Artist D.C. LaRue and many more. The Heavenly album also includes remixes by the world renowned French DJ - Producer Dimitri From Paris.
References.
Patriks Soul Funk Music (Sweden)
Nu-Soul Magazine (USA)
Soultracks (USA)
Acid Jazz Hispano (Spain)
BAM (USA)

</doc>
<doc id="18789615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789615" title="Hydrodilatation">
Hydrodilatation

Hydrodilatation or hydraulic arthrographic capsular distension or distension arthrography is a medical treatment for adhesive capsulitis of shoulder. The treatment is applied by a radiologist assisted by a radiographer. Contrast medium, a local anaesthetic and cortisone are injected into the joint. Then up to 40ml of sterile saline solution are injected, using X-ray as guidance, to stretch the joint capsule. Risk of complications is low. Whether the treatment is successful is known after a couple of weeks.
The procedure is performed under imaging guidance, using either fluoroscopy, ultrasound or Computed Tomography (CT). Hydrodilatation is felt to provide benefit via two mechanisms: manual stretching of the capsule and thus disruption of adhesions which are characteristic of adhesive capsulitis, and; the introduction of cortisone provides a potent anti-inflammatory effect and thus prevents further adhesion recurrence.
Research in 2008 has questioned the benefit of hydrodilatation as giving no statistical benefit over injecting cortisone alone.

</doc>
<doc id="18789616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789616" title="Volta–Niger languages">
Volta–Niger languages

The Volta–Niger family of languages, also known as West Benue–Congo or East Kwa, is one of the branches of the Niger–Congo language family, with perhaps 50 million speakers. Among these are the most important languages of southern Nigeria, Benin, Togo, and southeast Ghana: Yoruba, Igbo, Bini, Fon, and Ewe. 
These languages have variously been placed within the Kwa or Benue–Congo families, but Williamson & Blench (2000) separate them from both. The boundaries between the various branches of Volta–Niger are rather vague, suggesting diversification of a dialect continuum rather than a clear split of families.
The constituent groups of the Volta–Niger family, along with the most important languages in terms of number of speakers, are as follows (with number of languages for each branch in parentheses):
The Yoruboid languages and Akoko were once linked as the Defoid branch, but more recently they, Edoid, and Igboid have been suggested to be primary branches of an as-yet unnamed group, often abbreviated . Similarly, Oko, Nupoid, and Idomoid are often grouped together under the acronym . Ukaan is an Atlantic–Congo language, but it is unclear if it belongs to the Volta–Niger family; Blench suspects it is closer to Benue–Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="18789617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789617" title="Badlot">
Badlot

Badlot is a village and Union Council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at 32°55'0N 73°36'E and has an altitude of 231 metres (761 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18789626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789626" title="Hoosier Athletic Conference">
Hoosier Athletic Conference

The conference first began in 1947, and has been in constant competition except for the 1997-98 school year, when membership dropped to three schools.
Membership.
Former Members.
Carroll and Clinton Prairie were also members of the Mid-Central Conference from 1966 until 1974.
State Champions.
IHSAA State Champions
Central Catholic Knights (13).
"All championships before 2011-2012 school year as members of Hoosier Heartland Conference."

</doc>
<doc id="18789633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789633" title="Sekirnik">
Sekirnik

Sekirnik () is a village in Republic of Macedonia near Strumica. It is in the Bosilovo municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18789645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789645" title="Boken, Pakistan">
Boken, Pakistan

Boken or Bokan is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at with an altitude of .
It was most probably named after a Gujjar clan named Boken, which is still found here among local Gujjars in good numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="18789670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789670" title="Aurelius H. Piper, Sr.">
Aurelius H. Piper, Sr.

Aurelius H. Piper, Sr. (August 31, 1916 – August 3, 2008), also known as Big Eagle or Chief Big Eagle, was the Hereditary Chief of the Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation of Connecticut from 1959 until 2008.
Early life.
Piper served in the United States military during World War II and took part in the American landings during the North African Campaign.
Hereditary Chief.
Piper was named hereditary chief of the Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation by his mother, Chieftess Rising Star, in 1959. Piper later took up residence in the Paugussett's quarter-acre reservation in Trumbull, Connecticut.
Piper travelled extensively as a representative of the Golden Hill Paugussett and other Native American groups to campaign for the rights of ethnic minorities and indigenous peoples. He visited Moscow as part of a delegation of Native Americans. Piper also wrote for the De Kiva Journal as an eastern North American Indian foreign correspondent. The De Kivas advocates for Native American rights before the International Human Rights Council in Geneva and is based in Belgium and Netherlands.
Piper's son, Kenneth, who is also known as Moonface Bear, was involved on a ten week standoff between Connecticut State Police and the Colchester, Connecticut, branch of the Golden Hill Paugussett. The standoff stemmed from the illegal sale of untaxed cigarettes on the Colchester portion of the reservation. Kenneth Piper died in 1996.
Piper served on the boards of several Connecticut organizations which advocated for Native American and minority rights. He also served as a "spiritual liaison" for Native Americans in prison. He was named Chief of the Century by the Florida chapter of the White Buffalo Society "for his work in furthering Native American causes in Connecticut, across the country, and abroad."
"It is a sacred obligation," says the Golden Hill Paugussett Chief, Big Eagle. "Indian people must keep their languages alive. If the language is not spoken, it must be made to live again."
Piper was the subject of the book Quarter Acre of Heartache which is attributed to Claude Clayton Smith but is primarily written by Piper. The book details the history of the Paugussett Indian Nation and the fight to save what was left of their tribal land- a quarter acre property in suburban Trumbull, Connecticut.
Death.
Aurelius H. Piper Sr. died of natural causes on August 3, 2008, at the Golden Hill reservation in Trumbull, Connecticut, at the age of 92. He was survived by his wife, Marsha Conte Piper; five children; several stepchildren, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.
A spokesman for the Golden Hill Paugussett confirmed that Piper's son, Aurelius H. Piper Jr., who is also known as Chief Quiet Hawk, will assume the title of hereditary chief from his father.
Background.
Golden Hill Paugussett Indian Nation is a small tribe with tiny Connecticut reservations in both Trumbull and Colchester. It has been an officially recognized tribe by the state of Connecticut for approximately 300 years. However, the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs has repeatedly refused the tribe's request for federal recognition. The last refusal came in 2004. The Golden Hill Paugusett had originally claimed more than of land during its fight for federal recognition. The tribe's land claim included an area stretching from Middletown to Wilton and from Greenwich, Connecticut through lower portions of New York's Westchester County, which set off legal challenges against the tribe's recognition attempts. The Golden Hill Paugussett has dropped these far reaching land claims, but could revive them if federal recognition is eventually achieved.

</doc>
<doc id="18789673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789673" title="William Campbell (missionary)">
William Campbell (missionary)

William Campbell () (1841–1921) was a Scottish Presbyterian missionary to Taiwan. He wrote extensively on topics related to Taiwan and was also responsible for founding the island's first school for the blind. Interested in the early history of the island (particularly the Dutch era), his knowledge of the time was such that he was called "without doubt the greatest authority on this subject living". He was likely the first European to see Sun-Moon Lake, which he named "Lake Candidius" after the seventeenth century Dutch missionary George Candidius.
Mission to Taiwan.
Campbell arrived in Taiwan in 1871 to begin his mission in southern Taiwan, being stationed in Tainan (then known as Taiwan-fu) and serving both Han Chinese and Taiwanese aborigines in the area. He was a contemporary of Thomas Barclay, James Laidlaw Maxwell and George Leslie Mackay, who were all engaged in missionary work in Taiwan. 
A strong supporter of "native ministers" (i.e. Han and aborigine clergy), Campbell wrote concerning one particular incident that
Campbell's mission lasted for forty-six years, until he left Taiwan for the last time in 1917 to return to his native Scotland, where he died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18789676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789676" title="1970s in Brazil">
1970s in Brazil

During the 1970s in Brazil, Silva reached their pinnacle. The valorization of the country's territorial attributes was accompanied by an increase in its defensive capacity. The need for a more effective occupation of the Amazon Rainforest was prioritized. The construction of the Transamazon Roadway (1970) began as part of the National Integration Plan (PIN). In this spirit, Brazil’s territorial sea was extended to 200 miles (370 km) off-shore.
French General Paul Aussaresses, a veteran of the Algerian War, came to Brazil in 1973. General Aussaresses used "counter-revolutionary warfare" methods during the Battle of Algiers, including the systemic use of torture, death squads and death flights. He trained U.S. officers and gave taught military courses for Brazil's military intelligence. He later acknowledged maintaining close links with the military.
Considered one of the "emerging powers," together with Mexico, Nigeria and India, the Brazilian government tried to dilute its identity as a Third World country. The expansion of Brazil's international agenda coincided with the administrative reform of the Ministry of External Relations. Its move to Brasília in 1971 was followed by internal modernization. New departments were created, responding to the diversification of the international agenda and the increasing importance of economic diplomacy. Examples include the creation of a trade promotion system (1973) and the Alexandre de Gusmão Foundation (1971) to develop studies and research foreign policy.
Foreign policy during the Gibson Barboza mandate (1969–74) united three basic positions. The first one, ideological, defended the presence of military governments in Latin America. To achieve that, the OAS fought terrorism in the region. The second one criticized the distension process between the two superpowers, condemning the effects of American and Soviet power politics. The third requested support for development, considering that Brazil, with all its economic potential, deserved greater responsibility within the international system.
New demands and intentions appeared, related to the idea that the nation was strengthening its bargaining power in the world system. At international forums, its main demand became "collective economic security". The endeavor to lead Third World countries made Brazil value multilateral diplomacy. Efforts in this direction can be observed at the UN Conference on Environment (1972), the GATT meeting in Tokyo (1973) and the Law of the Sea Conference (1974).
This new Brazilian stance served as a base for the revival of its relationship with the United States. Differentiation from other Latin American countries was sought, to mean special treatment from the United States. Nevertheless, not only was this expectation not fulfilled but military assistance and the MEC-USAID educational cooperation agreement were interrupted.
Washington held itself aloof at the time of President Médici's visit to the United States in 1971. In response, especially in the military and diplomatic spheres, nationalist ideas were kindled and raised questions about the alignment policy with the United States. The presence of João Augusto de Araújo Castro, as ambassador to Washington in this period, contributed to the re-definition of relations with the American government. The strategic move was to try to expand the negotiation agenda by paying special attention to the diversification of trade relations, the beginning of nuclear cooperation, and the inclusion of new international policy themes.
In 1971 the military dictatorship helped rig Uruguayan elections, which "Frente Amplio", a left-wing politician, lost. The government participated in Operation Condor, which involved various Latin American security services (including Pinochet's DINA and the Argentine SIDE) in the assassination of political opponents.
During this period, Brazil began to devote more attention to less-developed countries. Technical cooperation programs were initiated in Latin America and in Africa, accompanied in some cases by State company investment projects, in particular in the fields of energy and communication. With this pretext, an inter-ministerial system was created by Itamaraty and the Ministry of Planning, whose function it was to select and coordinate international cooperation projects. To foster these innovations, in 1972 foreign minister Gibson Barboza visited several African countries. However, the prospect of economic interests and the establishment of cooperation programs with these countries were not followed by a revision of the Brazilian position on the colonial issue. Traditional loyalty was still towards Portugal. Attempts were made to consolidate the creation of a Portuguese-Brazilian community.
Brazilian diplomats began to support the demands of the Arab League in the Arab-Israeli conflict.
Geisel administration, "distensão", and the 1973 oil shock.
It was in this atmosphere that retired General Ernesto Geisel (1974–79) came to the presidency with Médici's approval. There had been intense behind-the-scenes maneuvering by the hard-liners against him and by the more moderate supporters of Castelo Branco for him. Fortunately for Geisel, his brother, Orlando Geisel, was the minister of army, and his close ally, General João Baptista de Oliveira Figueiredo, was chief of Médici's military staff.
Although not immediately understood by civilians, Ernesto Geisel's accession signaled a move toward a less oppressive rule. Geisel replaced several regional commanders with trusted officers and labeled his political program "distensão", meaning a gradual relaxation of authoritarian rule. It would be, in his words, "the maximum of development possible with the minimum of indispensable security."
President Geisel sought to maintain high economic growth rates, even while seeking to deal with the effects of the oil shocks. He kept up massive investments in infrastructure — highways, telecommunications, hydroelectric dams, mineral extraction, factories, and atomic energy. Fending off nationalist objections, he opened Brazil to oil prospecting by foreign firms for the first time since the early 1950s.
Brazil suffered drastic reductions in its terms of trade as a result of the 1973 world oil shock. In the early 1970s, the performance of the export sector was undermined by an overvalued currency. With the trade balance under pressure, the oil shock led to a sharply higher import bill. Thus, the Geisel government borrowed billions of dollars to see Brazil through the oil crisis. This strategy was effective in promoting growth, but it also raised Brazil's import requirements markedly, increasing the already large current-account deficit. The current account was financed by running up the foreign debt. The expectation was that the combined effects of import substitution industrialization and export expansion eventually would bring about growing trade surpluses, allowing the service and repayment of the foreign debt.
Brazil shifted its foreign policy to meet its economic needs. "Responsible pragmatism" replaced strict alignment with the United States and a worldview based on ideological frontiers and blocs of nations. Because Brazil was 80% dependent on imported oil, Geisel shifted the country from an acritical support of Israel to a more neutral stance on Middle Eastern affairs. His government also recognized the People's Republic of China and the new governments of Angola and Mozambique. The government moved closer to Latin America, Europe, and Japan. The 1975 agreement with West Germany to build nuclear reactors produced confrontation with the Carter administration, which also scolded the Geisel government for abusing human rights. Frustrated with what he saw as the highhandedness and lack of understanding of the Carter administration, Geisel renounced the military alliance with the United States in April 1977.
In 1977 and 1978 the succession issue caused further political confrontations with the hard-liners. Noting that Brazil was only a "relative democracy," Geisel attempted in April 1977 to restrain the growing strength of the opposition parties by creating an electoral college that would approve his selected replacement. In October he dismissed the far-right minister of the army, General Sylvio Cueto Coelho da Frota. In 1978 Geisel maneuvered through the first labor strikes since 1964 and through the repeated electoral victories of the opposition Brazilian Democratic Movement (Movimento Democrático Brasileiro — MDB). He allowed exiled citizens to return, restored habeas corpus, repealed the extraordinary powers decreed by the Fifth Institutional Act, and imposed General João Figueiredo (1979–85) as his successor in March 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18789694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789694" title="Mazizo Musical">
Mazizo Musical

Mazizo Musical is Duranguense band formed in Chicago in 2003. In 2006, they released a single called "Loco Por Ti" by the Mexican singer Marco Antonio Solís which was on their album, "Nuestros Sueños".
Their first concert was in Durango, their home town, with 30,000 people in attendance. Their latest album, "Sin Mirar Atras" was released in summer 2008.
Discography.
Compilations

</doc>
<doc id="18789698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789698" title="Crimson Architectural Historians">
Crimson Architectural Historians

Crimson Architectural Historians is a group of architectural historians based in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The collective was formed in 1994 when Crimson became part of the planning team for the extension of Utrecht ’Leidse Rijn.’ In the following years, the office has developed a hybrid practice that takes the contemporary city as its object. Crimson designs for the city, researches it, writes texts and books about it, shows it in exhibitions and works of art, teaches about it, gives advice on it and makes policies for it. 
Crimson came to international attention with the WiMBY! (Welcome into My BackYard!) urban renewal project, which begun in 2001 in the Rotterdam new town of Hoogvliet. The results of this project were published as "The Big WiMBY! Book" in 2007. The book was shortlisted for the RIBA 2008 International Book Award. Crimson was awarded the Jonge Rotterdam-Maaskant prize for architects in 2002.
Villa The Heerlijkheid, which is part of WiMBY!, was selected for the shortlist of the 2008 World Architecture Festival in Barcelona, Spain, out of a longlist of 722 entries from 63 countries worldwide.
Crimson Architectural Historians is Ewout Dorman, Annuska Pronkhorst, Michelle Provoost, Simone Rots, Wouter Vanstiphout and Cassandra Wilkins.
Members of Crimson have lectured at the TU Delft, at Groningen University, at the Danish Architecture Centre, at the Technical University of Berlin, among other places.

</doc>
<doc id="18789711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789711" title="Jonathan Spencer">
Jonathan Spencer

Jonathan Spencer is a social anthropologist from the School of Social and Political Science at the University of Edinburgh and currently Head of Subject. He is also a professor of the Anthropology of South Asia. His field of interest include nationalism, politics, violence, Buddhism and Sri Lanka. He has published many works on politics of Sri Lanka and the Sri Lankan civil war.
Jonathan Spencer has also made significant contributions to the history and theory of anthropology. Together with his University of Edinburgh colleague, Alan Barnard, the two have produced a history of anthropological theory which continues to be a widely used textbook at institutions of higher education. 

</doc>
<doc id="18789715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789715" title="Vyansa">
Vyansa

Villingili Youth and Sports Association is a Maldivian sports club best known for its football team. This club is based in Villingili, currently playing for top division.

</doc>
<doc id="18789720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789720" title="Henry Burden">
Henry Burden

Henry Burden (April 22, 1791 – January 19, 1871) was an engineer and businessman who built an industrial complex in Troy, New York called the Burden Iron Works that featured the most powerful water wheel in the world.
Early life.
Henry Burden was born in Dunblane, Perthshire, Scotland, UK, the son of Peter Burden (1752–1829) and Elizabeth Abercrombie (1756–1837).
Henry moved from Scotland, to Canada and the US during the 1820s. Henry was committed to making good family connections within both Canada and the US. He married Helen McOuat (January 23, 1821, Saint Gabriel Presbyterian Church, Montreal, Québec, Canada). Helen was a fellow Scot, born February 18, 1802, in Drymen Parish, Stirlingshire, Scotland, UK. Helen's parents were James McOuat (1762–1837) and Margaret Bilsland (1770–1840).
Helens Family of origin immigrated to Canada and were based in Lachute, Québec, Canada at the time of her marriage to Henry. Helen died March 10, 1860, in Troy, Rensselaer, New York, US.
Helen and Henry had eight children, who married, as first generation Scots Americans, into the Shepherd, Proudfit, McDowell, Hart, Irvin, Moale and Wadsworth Families of the US. The next generation included Thompson, Griswold, McCoy, Radcliffe Hart, Sloane, Leake, White, Lawrence and Vanderbilt et al. marriages, between the generations which sprouted out of the Burden and McOuat marriage. Much has been made in recent times, about the Burden Family connection to the wealth and over indulgence of the Vanderbilt Family. However, this relationship pales in comparison with the many other Family members who, while 'well connected' remain in contrast, ethically and socially influential and politically well grounded.
Margaret Elizabeth née Burden, Proudfit (1824–1911), Henry's and Helen's first daughter, wrote a long biographical account of her family. Margaret was an accomplished draughtswoman and writer.
Henry Burden and Helen née McOuat Children:
Steamboats.
Henry Burden's mind took an even larger leap - from spikes to steamboats. He had a great ambition to build a vessel which, with less draft of water than the boats then plying on the Hudson, should achieve greater speed. Accordingly, in 1833, he created the steamboat "Helen," named in honor of his wife. Its deck rested upon two cigar-shaped hulls, three hundred feet in length, with a paddle-wheel amidships thirty feet in diameter. An experimental trip was made December 4, 1833, and the following July her speed evaluated, developing the rate of eighteen miles per hour. Another vessel, launched in 1837, had many improvements upon the first boat, for all of which Mr. Burden obtained patents. He was "the first advocate of the plans at present adopted by English and American naval architects in the construction of long vessels for ocean navigation. As early as 1825 he laid before the Troy Steamboat Association certain original plans whereby the construction of steamboats for inland navigation could be greatly improved, and which some years later were adopted in the building of the steamer 'Hendrick Hudson.' Besides increasing the length of the boats, he wisely suggested, for the convenience and accommodation of passengers, the erection of sleeping-berth-rooms on the upper decks, being a decided change from the holds of vessels, where they had previously been placed. In 1846 he devised the huge plan of a transatlantic steam-ferry company. His prophetic ideas again were shown in the prospectus of "Burden's Atlantic Steam-Ferry Company." Although the company was never organized, the salient points advanced by Mr. Burden were subsequently imitated by the Cunard and other ocean lines. He was also among the first to suggest the use of plates for iron-clad seagoing vessels, and sent specimen plates of his own manufacture to Glasgow for test.
Burden Iron.
The little wooden mill, which he entered as a superintendent, long ago disappeared to give place to his larger works, which today, were they to stand in one alignment, would occupy a tract of land a mile in length. This immense establishment comprises two works - the 'upper works,' or water mills, on the Wynantskill, a short distance east of the Hudson River, and the new works, called the 'lower works,' or steam mills, located on the 'farm company' property and the Hoyle farm, embracing about forty-five acres of land between the Hudson River Railroad and the river, extending from the Wynantskill to the Clinton Foundry. In 1848, Henry Burden became obsessed to the company's entire interest in the iron-works, since which time it has been wholly controlled by him or (since his death, January 19, 1871) his sons, James A. and L. T. Burden, under the Title of Henry Burden & Sons. These works, embracing several score of buildings, comprise sixty puddling furnaces, twenty heating furnaces, fourteen trams of rolls, nine horseshoe machines, twenty-five engines, seventy boilers, etc. - acres of machinery; while about the buildings is a network of railroad tracks, upon which daily are moved train loads of iron ore, kaolin, sand, etc., for shifting which the firm's own locomotive is ever ready. The ground upon which these buildings stand was formerly low and overflowed by freshets, while the water in the river adjacent to their works was shallow and full or bars. At great expense the grounds have been filled up, and the river dredged, so that the company's docks are accessible to the largest vessels of the Upper Hudson. Their steam derricks, used for unloading coal, are the ingenious contrivance of the late William Burden. Each is composed of two lofty frames, placed on at the dock and the other at the rear of the coal heap, three hundred feet distant; a strong wire cable is stretched over these frames, on which an iron carriage travels to and fro, carrying a self-dumping bucket, of the capacity of a ton of coal. A team engine hoists the filled bucket to the cable, along which it travels to the point where the tilting apparatus overturns its contents upon the pile. Alongside the coal heaps are vast deposits of iron ore, mostly the brown hematite and magnetic varieties of Lake Champlain. There are also piles of the Hudson, New York, limestone, used as "flux" to help in the fusion of the ores.
Looking upon the trains of rolls, the rotary-squeezers, the furnace-blowers, the horseshoe-, rivet-, and punching-machines, and the other appliances in motion for manufacturing iron, one sees more appreciatively the immense power furnished by this huge wheel constructed by the mastermind of Henry Burden. One of his greatest accomplishments, however, was the huge water-wheel, characterized by the poet, Louis Gaylor Clark, as the "Niagara of Water-Wheels," built in 1851, devised to enhance the power for his nail factory, for which the five separate wheels had been inadequate. It is an overshot wheel of twelve hundred horse-power, sixty feet in diameter and twenty-two in width, containing thirty-six buckets, each of over six feet depth. The axis comprise six hollow cast-iron tubes, keyed into flanges, from which diverge iron rods of two inches thickness, to the number of two hundred and sixty-four, which terminate at the outer edge of the wheel. By a lever its revolution may be controlled to a nicety, and its power adjusted to any required degree.
It is no little fame for Troy that at these works, now in possession of the sons of Henry Burden, were manufactured the first ship spikes, the first hook-headed spikes, and the first horseshoes made by machinery in the world. Scant space have we to even list the many valuable inventions of this son of genius, so many of whose achievements have directly and so greatly benefited the home of his adoption. By his persistent efforts the water-supply of the Wynantskill was largely increased; by his "rotary concentric squeezer," patented in 1840, may be found in all the leading iron manufactories of both continents; and in 1835 he contrived the "Horseshoe Machine", to which in subsequent years he added valuable improvements. Inasmuch as Trojan skill and wonders-working machinery were important factors in outfitting our armies during the late civil war, so Henry Burden's lightning-made horseshoes were instrumental in conferring important political benefits upon the nation. Scarcely a civilized country on the glove but has availed itself of the benefit of this invention.
The capacity of these works in the line of horseshoes alone is 60 shoes a minute, or 51,000,000 annually. In boiler bolts, 80 per minute are the work of the twelve rivet machines. In the spacious rolling mill (421 by 96 feet), devoted to merchant iron manufacture, is a splendid Corliss engine. 1400 workmen are employed, to whom $500,000 are annually paid in wages. The fruits of their labor are 600,000 kegs of horseshoes and 42,000 tons of iron, exclusive of pig, annually. Their yearly sales of horseshoes average about $2,000,000. Fifty horses are used, and 90,000 tons of coal expended annually by this establishment.
A memorable case in the history of American jurisprudence was the twenty years' litigation to secure the Burden patent on the spike machine, engaging the talents of Chancellor Walworth, Governor Seward, David L. Seymour, Nicholas Hill, and others of equal note.
The Burden Iron Works is a now a historical site and museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18789724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789724" title="Yanet Bermoy">
Yanet Bermoy

Yanet Bermoy Acosta (born 29 May 1987 in Cienfuegos) is a Cuban judoka. She won the silver medal in the Women's 48 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the silver medal in the Women's 52 kg at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18789729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789729" title="Ephedra torreyana">
Ephedra torreyana

Ephedra torreyana, with common names Torrey's jointfir or Torrey's Mormon tea, is a species of "Ephedra" that is native to the deserts and scrublands of the Southwestern United States and northern Mexico. 
It was originally described by Sereno Watson in 1879 and placed in section "Alatae", "tribe" "Habrolepides" by Otto Stapf in 1889. In 1996 Robert A. Price left "E. torreyana" in section "Alatae" without recognizing a tribe.

</doc>
<doc id="18789743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789743" title="Carey Parrish">
Carey Parrish

Carey Parrish (born July 22, 1967) is an American writer with credits on both sides of the Atlantic.
Carey Parrish was born in Dalton, Georgia. He attended Southeast Whitfield High School, graduating in 1985, before first pursuing a career in nursing. After traveling quite extensively during his twenties and early thirties, he began to use the experiences and adventures he had globetrotting to fuel his ambitions to become a writer. He began writing professionally in his late thirties, shortly after the death of his maternal grandmother, an event he credits as "the single most life changing event in my experience," and he was soon selling articles to British based reFRESH magazine as well as in American publications such as JL Foster's "Within His Castle", "Entertainment Weekly," "Crime Rant", and various other magazines, both in print and online.
In 2006, Parrish founded "Web Digest Weekly" e-magazine. After being involved in various writers groups online, he was very impressed with the talents of his many of his peers and he wanted to develop a forum through which they could reach as many readers as possible. Web Digest Weekly was an immediate success, due to his first interview guests being bestselling horror novelist Rick R. Reed and Susaye Greene of The Supremes. The e-zine is currently approaching its third year of publication and attracts over 100,000 hits per month. Other notable guests on the site have included musician Jim Brickman; bestselling author Barry Eisler; "Survivor" winners Ethan Zohn, Jenna Morasca, and Aras Baskauskas; "The Amazing Race" winners Alex Boylan, Chip Arndt, and Brennan Swain; astronaut Mike Mullane; and celebrity biography writer J. Randy Taraborrelli.
Parrish is the author of the book "Into The Light: Experimentations In Poetry & Prose", the short story anthology "The Moving Finger Writes", and the novels "Marengo" and "Big Business". He attributes his success to "taking all the things that were wrong in my life and replacing them with things that were right." He presently resides in the mountains of Northern Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18789758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789758" title="Matteo Mazzantini">
Matteo Mazzantini

Matteo Mazzantini (born Livorno, 24 October 1976) is an Italian rugby union footballer. His position in the field is as a scrum-half.
He played for Benetton Rugby Treviso (1996–2002), Rugby Rovigo (2002–2003), Arix Viadana (2003–2006) and SKG Gran Parma (2006- current). 
Mazzantini had his first cap for Italy at 5 February 2000, in a 34-20 win over Scotland. He played at the Six Nations in 2001, 2002 and 2003. He was capped twice at the 2003 Rugby World Cup finals.
He was awarded nine caps for his national team.
Mazzantini is married with Elisa Facchini, a veterinary surgeon who also plays as wing for Italy women's national rugby union team and the Red Panthers, Benetton Treviso's female team.

</doc>
<doc id="18789765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789765" title="Rishod Sobirov">
Rishod Sobirov

Rishod Sobirov (born September 11, 1986) is an Uzbek judoka. He won the bronze medal in the Men's 60 kg at the 2008 Summer Olympics and two World Judo Championships in 2010 and 2011, making him the current number one in the International Judo Federation ranking of Men's 60.[http://www.intjudo.eu/upload/2011_10/09/131818642180271813/2011_10_10_ijf_wrl.pdf]
Sobirov won a bronze medal in the men's under 60kg division at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Record against selected opponents.
Includes results from the Olympics, World Championships, Asian Championships, World Cup, and Grand Prix Series events from 2006 to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="18789766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789766" title="David Cassidy (album)">
David Cassidy (album)

David Cassidy was David Cassidy's first U.S. album released in 14 years and was his only release on the now-defunct Enigma Records. The album was released in 1990 with the featured single, "Lyin' to Myself." "Lyin' to Myself" was the first top-30 hit for David Cassidy in eighteen years. The album reached 136 on the Billboard charts.
"David Cassidy" was released only on cassette or compact disc in the United States, although vinyl editions were available in Europe.
Shortly after the release of "David Cassidy", Enigma Records would close, leaving David Cassidy to once again change record labels.
1990 Tour.
David Cassidy performed a series of concerts in 1990 to support the album. The warm-up act for David was a stand-up comedy routine by Danny Bonaduce. Bonaduce credits David Cassidy for helping him out of one (of his many) dark times by inviting him on the 1990 tour.
Promotional Videos.
A music video was produced and released for the single" Lyin' To Myself". The video was released in colour and features David waiting in a bus-stop.

</doc>
<doc id="18789767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789767" title="Beit Zayit">
Beit Zayit

Beit Zayit (, "lit." House of Olives) is a moshav in Israel located seven kilometres west of Jerusalem. Beit Zayit is under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2007, it had a population of 1,300.
The village was established in 1949 by Jewish immigrants from Yugoslavia, Romania and Hungary. Later, "olim" from Yemen and Egypt also settled in the village. The economy was based on fruit orchards, vegetables, poultry and other farm products.
Beit Zayit lies on the edge of the Jerusalem Forest and operates a public swimming pool. Nearby is the Ein Kerem dam, built to store winter flood waters.
A village named Beit Zayit is mentioned in the book of the Maccabees, but it is believed to have been further north, possibly at the site of the Palestinian Christian town of Bir Zeit, north of Ramallah.
Dinosaur footprints, probably of Struthiomimus, were discovered in Beit Zayit are on display at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
With the expansion of the moshav in the late 1990s, including the purchase of land by newcomers and renovation of old homes, Beit Zayit has become a trendy alternative to living in Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="18789777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789777" title="Keiran Murtagh">
Keiran Murtagh

Keiran Zac Murtagh (born 29 October 1988) is a footballer who plays for Mansfield Town as a midfielder and internationally for Antiga and Barbuda. He is currently on loan to Woking for a third spell.
Career.
Murtagh joined Conference South side Fisher Athletic in November 2007, in his only season at the London club in a season where he made 21 appearances and scored one goal. He was made Fisher's young player of the year for the 2007–08 season. Murtagh was much sought-after at the end of 2007–08, having impressed many with his performances for Fisher Athletic.
Even though he had trials for Premier League and Championship clubs, Fulham and Nottingham Forest respectively, he signed for League One club Yeovil. After being tracked he was finally signed on a two-year contract, on 12 June 2008. He made his debut for Yeovil Town as a substitute in the 1–1 home draw against Walsall, on 9 August 2008. In his first season with Yeovil he made 26 appearances.
Murtagh scored his first goal, with a thirty-yard strike, against Huddersfield in a 2–1 defeat 29 August 2009. He was offered a new contract on 13 May 2010, but rejected it in favour of a move to Wycombe Wanderers where he signed a one-year contract.
On 31 January 2011, Murtagh signed a one-month loan deal with Conference South club Woking, subsequently extended for a further month. He was recalled to his parent club on 23 March to provide cover in their midfield.
On 10 June 2011, Murtagh signed a two-year deal with Conference National side Cambridge United.
On 29 December 2011, it was announced that Murtagh would join former club Woking on loan until the end of the season.
International career.
Murtagh represented the Republic of Ireland U17 side while playing for Charlton Athletic.
On 25 November 2010, Murtagh was called up to the Antigua and Barbuda squad for the 2010 Caribbean Championship. He made his début in the 3–1 defeat against Jamaica on 27 November.

</doc>
<doc id="18789782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789782" title="Taijian">
Taijian

In Taiwanese culture, a Taijian () is a highly derogatory and pejorative term for a traitor, especially to ethnic Taiwanese. Literally, it means "traitor of Taiwan" or "one who betrays Taiwanese people", and traces its roots back to the Republic of China's rule over Taiwan during the martial law period (starting from the infamous 228 massacre to the Wild Lily student movement) (1947-1990).
History.
After the surrender of the Japanese Empire, Taiwan unsuccessfully made a plea to self-determine its future. However, the pro-Chiang Kai-shek government of the United States ignored the wishes of the Taiwanese, many of whom fought in the Imperial Japanese Army against China and were legally Japanese citizens prior to the end of World War II, and handed Taiwan over to the Republic of China.
After the end of Japanese rule on Taiwan, many members of the Republic of China administration arrived on Taiwan with fresh images of Japanese atrocities on mainland China during the Second Sino-Japanese War. As a result, anti-Japanese sentiment caused many to view the native Taiwanese who had been brought up and educated under the Japanese system as politically untrustworthy traitors. At the same time, some Taiwanese viewed the Japanese Empire favorably and held anti-Chinese sentiment, thinking the mainlanders backwards and corrupt. After the 228 Incident in 1947 in which a nativist rebellion was suppressed, Taiwanese who collaborated with Chiang Kai-shek's Kuomintang party were commonly considered as Taijian.
With the beginning of democratic elections, Taiwanese nationalists now view Taiwanese citizens who collaborated with a hostile foreign power, especially the People's Republic of China, as Taijian.

</doc>
<doc id="18789786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789786" title="Tightwork 3000">
Tightwork 3000

Tightwork 3000 is the third and final album by Southern Rap group 95 South, released on September 12, 2000. It was a commercial and critical failure, as it failed to chart and did not get good reviews, including a one-and-a-half-star review from Allmusic. Two singles, "Tightwork" and "Wet-n-Wild", were released from the album and also failed to chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="18789796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789796" title="Mirgorod direction offensive">
Mirgorod direction offensive

The Mirgorod direction offensive (3 August 1943 – 23 August 1943) was an operation conducted as part of Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev between the Red Army and Wehrmacht forces. It was one of the operations that followed the Battle of Kursk.
Prelude.
During the Battle of Kursk, German armored units south of the Kursk salient failed to penetrate the defences between the Voronezh and Steppe Fronts in the Belgorod sector on 8 July. The Red Army's Belgorod-Kharkov Strategic Counter-Offensive followed Operation Citadel and included as its objectives the immediate liberation of Belgorod and Kharkiv, assigned to the Voronezh and Steppe Fronts. On 23 July 1943, German forces of the XLVIII Panzercorps and LII Armeecorps returned to their old, well fortified positions, stretching to some 60 kilometres west of Tomarovka. Their combat strength had been reduced by as much as 50% following the Battle.
Mirgorod direction offensive.
Early on 3 August 1943, after a heavy Artillery barrage which lasted hours and overwhelming Soviet air support, the Forces of the Voronezh and Steppe Fronts from the Kursk-Belgorod highway began advancing on a wide front between Sumy and Vovchansk (175 km), crossed the Vorskla river and quickly penetrated the defences of the 332nd Infantry Division (north of Tomarovka)& 167th Infantry Division to a depth of 100 km between Tomarovka and Belgorod on the northern flank, and as far as Okhtyrka. West of Belgorod 6th Panzer Division deployed hurriedly and counter-attacked the penetration in the 167th Infantry Division area but was unable to halt the Soviet flood. Schwere Panzer-Abteilung 502 and 19th Panzer Division were also swept aside by the strength of the attack. These divisions were good quality units and not badly understrength for this period of the war on the Eastern Front, but the enormous weight of Soviet firepower, mass of infantry and hundreds of tanks simply overran them. In Tomarovka German units threatened with encirclement retreated along a narrow corridor to Grayvoron. The shattered formations of LII Armeecorps began a harrowing fight through the Russians toward the southwest and their own lines, desperately searching for a gap in the quickly closing noose. All the while Soviet aircraft were descending upon the retreating columns, wreaking confusion and destruction. To counter the breakthrough at the boundary of his armies Manstein gathered his armour from all other areas. By 5 August 1943 the 4 divisions of the III Panzercorps were deploying north and west of Kharkiv to counterattack the eastern flank of the Russian armoured spearheads driving towards Bohodukhiv. At the same time 4th Panzerarmee's XXIV Panzercorps prepared to attack the western flank with Großdeutschland Panzergrenadier Division. Manstein planned to use his panzer divisions to slice through the communication lines of the lead Soviet mobile units and destroy their momentum. The Russian armoured forces advanced so quickly to the south, that their rifle divisions were left behind, first due to a lack of enough transport, and secondly to deal with the task of reducing pockets of resistance in rear areas. This left them vulnerable to isolation and destruction by the superior German mobile forces. Despite deep penetrations, forces of the Voronezh Front had been frustrated along the banks of the Vorskla and Merla rivers by German armour operating in a "fire brigade" role which characterised later years. SS armoured units had isolated Soviet units which had penetrated too quickly, and this had halted the momentum of the assault. To relieve these units and prevent further German advances the 6th Guards, 47th and 40th armies launched an assault on the left flank of 4th Panzerarmee's XLVII Panzercorps . General Hoth was now faced with a difficult decision whether to cancel his planned assault to defeat the overextended Soviet armoured formations or to move his armour to relieve his left flank, he made the decision to act aggressively gambling that his assault would force the Soviets to move their forces to counter his threat. On 18 August XXIV Panzercorps began its assault toward Parchomovka from Okhtyrka for the moment and achieved quick success by early afternoon of the first day they had penetrated 20 kilometres cutting the communication lines of 27th Army and threatening to encircle the divisions southwest of Okhtyrka. On 20 August 1943 at 1830 hours elements of Großdeutschland linked up with 'Totenkopf' at Parchomovka. The link-up resulted in the tenuous encirclement of several large soviet formations which were able to escape with heavy vehicle losses and casualties. Increased soviet assaults on the 4th Panzerarmee's left flank over the Psel River by 40th and 47th armies later forced Hoth to withdraw his 10th Panzergrenadier from the counter-attack and finally forced Großdeutschland back to the defensive at Parchomovka.
Aftermath.
On 26 August the Soviet Central Front resumed its offensive against Army Group Centre striking the 9th at Karachev and the 2nd German Armies at Sevsk and east of Klintsy securing a deep penetration. This eventually forced Kluge and Manstein to ask permission to withdraw to more secure defensive positions. Retreat to the Dnepr River was now inevitable the only question, would this happen at a time of their choosing or be a headlong flight.The constant fighting never allowed Hitler to build up a reserve large enough to regain the upper hand in the east. Employing the peculiar rippling effect that marked its offensives, the Red Army, thwarted in one place, had shifted to others. For the first time in the war it had the full strategic initiative, and it grasped it jealously without regard for economy of effort, tactical sophistication, or the danger of overreaching itself. The failure of "Zitadel" doomed the Germans to the loss of operational initiative on the Eastern Front without any hope of regaining it, although Hitler seems to have been unaware or unwilling to recognizing this reality. The terrible losses in manpower that the Germans suffered in July and August were ultimately fatal and left the armies of Army Group South and Centre too weak to do anything but delay the inevitable. Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev marked the first time in the war that the Germans were not able to defeat a major Soviet offensive during the summer months and regain their lost ground and the strategic initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="18789803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789803" title="Karl Wien">
Karl Wien

Karl ("Carlo") Wien (10 September 1906 – "c." 14 June 1937) was a German mountaineer.
Born in Würzburg, Wien was the son of university professor Wilhelm Wien, and became a lecturer himself in the geography department of Munich University. His mountaineering career began in the Alps, where with Willi Welzenbach he made the first ascent of the north face of the Grossglockner. Outside Europe he made a number of visits to Africa and the Himalaya, including Paul Bauer's 1931 attempt on Kangchenjunga, and a 1936 expedition to Sikkim during which he made the first ascent of Siniolchu.
In 1937 Karl Wien was chosen to lead a German expedition to Nanga Parbat, the first since ten climbers had died on the mountain in 1934. Some time between the 14th and 16 June, Wien was camped with fifteen other climbers at Camp IV, below Rakhiot Peak, when it was overwhelmed by a massive avalanche. All sixteen men were killed in what remains the worst single disaster ever to occur on an eight thousand metre peak.

</doc>
<doc id="18789816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789816" title="George Comstock (astronomer)">
George Comstock (astronomer)

George Cary Comstock (February 12, 1855–May 11, 1934) was an American astronomer and educator.
He was born in Madison, Wisconsin, the eldest child of Charles Henry Comstock and Mercy Bronson. In 1877 he was awarded a Ph.D. from the University of Michigan, after studying mathematics and astronomy. For a couple of years he worked for the U.S. Lake Survey and then a Mississippi River improvement project, before joining Washburn Observatory as the assistant director in 1879. As career insurance, during his free moments he studied law and was admitted to the Wisconsin bar in 1883 after graduating from Wisconsin law school. However, he would never practice the legal profession.
He was appointed professor at Ohio State University in 1887, where he taught mathematics and astronomy, and he took over directorship of the Washburn Observatory. In 1894 he was married to Esther Cecile Everett, and the couple had a daughter, Mary Cecelia Cary. He helped organize the American Astronomical Society in 1897, serving first as secretary and later as vice president. he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1899. In 1904 he was appointed first chair of the University of Wisconsin graduate school, later becoming Dean. He held this position until 1920, then retired in 1922 as Professor Emeritus of Astronomy. In 1925 he became president of the American Astronomical Society.
During his career he wrote several textbooks and published articles in scientific journals. The crater Comstock on the far side of the Moon is named after him. His brother Louis became Chairman of the Board at New York Title Insurance Company.

</doc>
<doc id="18789839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789839" title="Vladykino (Moscow Metro)">
Vladykino (Moscow Metro)

Vladykino () is a station on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya () line of the Moscow Metro.

</doc>
<doc id="18789852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789852" title="Kainji languages">
Kainji languages

The sixty or so Kainji languages are spoken by about 900 000 people in Nigeria. Four of the largest are Tsuvadi (150 000), Cishingini and Tsishingini (100 000 each)—all from the Kambari branch; and Clela (= C'lela, Lela) (100 000), of the Duka branch.
Classification.
The most divergent of the Kainji languages are Resh, Laru, and Lopa. Subclassification of the other branches is not yet clear. A division between East and West Kainji is no longer maintained. 

</doc>
<doc id="18789853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789853" title="Kalamata olive">
Kalamata olive

The Kalamata olive is a large, black olive with a smooth, meaty texture named after the city of Kalamata in the southern Peloponnese, Greece. Often used as a table olive, they are usually preserved in wine vinegar or olive oil. Kalamata olives in the European Union (EU) has PDO status; whereby only olives originating from the Kalamata region have the sole rights to be branded as "Kalamata" if sold in the EU.
Description.
Kalamata olives are named after the city of Kalamata in Messenia, southern Greece, near where they are grown. They are also grown in nearby Laconia. They are an almond-shaped, plump, dark purple olive, from a tree distinguished from the common olive by the size of its leaves, which grow to twice the size of other olive varieties. The trees are intolerant of cold and are susceptible to "Verticillium" wilt but are resistant to olive knot and to the Olive fruit fly.
Kalamata olives cannot be harvested green, and must be hand-picked in order to avoid bruising. Olive oil produced from the Kalamata olive has a faintly grassy flavor. Kalamata olives are protected under the European Protected Geographical Status scheme.
Preparation.
There are two methods of preparing Kalamata olives, known as the long and short methods. The short method debitters the olive by packing them in water or weak brine for around a week. Once complete, they are then packed in brine and wine vinegar with a layer of olive oil and slices of lemon on top. The olives can be slit in order to decrease the processing time. The long method involves slitting the olives and placing them in salted water in order to debitter them, a process that can take as long as three months. Levels of polyphenol remain in the olives after processing, giving them their slightly bitter taste.

</doc>
<doc id="18789881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789881" title="Kevin Falls">
Kevin Falls

Kevin Falls is an American television writer and producer. He was the creator and showrunner of the NBC television drama "Journeyman". He worked as a consulting producer and writer on "Shark". He served as an executive producer for the short lived "Lyon's Den". He was a co-executive producer for both "The West Wing" and "Sports Night". He won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for three consecutive years (2001-2003) for his work on "The West Wing". He wrote and executive produced the feature length "Eva Adams" in 2009 and "Franklin & Bash" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18789911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789911" title="Headstrong (Headstrong album)">
Headstrong (Headstrong album)

Headstrong is the eponymous debut release and sole album of the band of the same name. It was released on RCA Records in 2002 and proved to be the group's only album before disbanding the following year.
The band chose Dan Brodbeck, the same man behind their demo, to produce the album in their native land of London, Ontario. "Headstrong" features one single in "Adriana," which reached #15 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and had a music video. Its style features elements of hip hop and funk intertwined with metal and has been compared to bands like Rage Against the Machine, 311, and Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Prior to the release of "Headstrong", the band toured through Canada from November to December 2001. Following its release, they performed with Tommy Lee before being curiously pulled from touring in July 2002. The following month they were dropped by RCA Records.
Curiously, despite that all of the members and producers were Canadian by origin, 'Headstrong' was priced at $24.99 in local Canadian markets, making it difficult for the band to earn fans in their debut in their own territory. The band cites these types of decisions in their reasons to exit the music business. 
Reception.
"Headstrong" received mixed reviews. Brian O'Neill of AllMusic described it as "a decidedly Caucasian rap-rock mélange that sounds like it's been heard before, but only because it has." However, Robin Steeley of Music Reviewer gave the album 6/10, noting that it "features dynamic production and skilled instrumentation." 
CANOE's Mike Ross also showed a mixed but overall positive reaction:

</doc>
<doc id="18789931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789931" title="The Wishing Well (song)">
The Wishing Well (song)

"The Wishing Well" is a charity single released in 1987 to raise money for the redevelopment of Great Ormond Street Hospital via its (GOSH) Wishing Well appeal. The song featured an ensemble line-up of pop stars under the name GOSH! The single reached No.22 in early 1988.
Line-up.
Boy George, Dollar, Grace Kennedy, Hazel O'Connor, Noddy Holder and Peter Cox were lead vocalists. A number of celebrity guests were brought in to perform the chorus including Bonnie Langford, Sylvester McCoy, Jimmy Nail, Hollywood Beyond, Uriah Heep, Showaddywaddy, The Sweet, Busta Jones, Hot Chocolate, EastEnders, Spitting Image, The Rent Pary, Grange Hill, Caron Keating, Shriekback, Roland Rat, Andy Crane, Simon Potter, Lisa Maxwell, Michael Croft, Dave Joyner, Terry Rice-Milton, Tracey Wilson, Jodie Wilson, Patricia Conti, Cantabile, Housemaster Boyz, Jenny Day and Kevin O'Dowd.

</doc>
<doc id="18789951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789951" title="Beko'a">
Beko'a

Beko'a (, "lit." Splitting) is a moshav in central Israel. Located near Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 502.
The village was established in 1952 by immigrants from Yemen. Its name is symbolic and refers to the division of Jerusalem following the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.

</doc>
<doc id="18789959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789959" title="Angelini (surname)">
Angelini (surname)

Angelini is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789964" title="Tom French">
Tom French

Tom French may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18789988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18789988" title="Heshikiya Chōbin">
Heshikiya Chōbin

The grandson of a scholar of Japanese studies, Heshikiya Chōbin is said to have been quite talented, and studied Japan from a very young age.
As a member of the Ryūkyū mission to Edo in 1718, Chōbin enjoyed the opportunity to study Japanese subjects there, and to view kabuki, Noh, and "ningyō jōruri" (puppet theatre) performances. Upon his return to Okinawa, he viewed the first performances of "kumi odori", now a major form of traditional Ryukyuan dance, and created his own piece for the form, a love story entitled "temizu no en" (手水の縁, "Fate of washwater"), in which he incorporated political criticism and evoked the wrath of King Shō Kei. Along with fellow Okinawan government official Tomoyose Anjō (友寄安乗), he composed a letter in 1734 to the judicial offices of Japan's Satsuma Domain, of which the Ryūkyū Kingdom was a vassal, criticizing the kingdom's government, in particular royal advisor Sai On, who was accused of being pro-Chinese. When the royal government learned of this development, Chōbin was arrested and crucified; fourteen others were likewise executed. A legend tells that Heshikiya and the daughter of Shō Kei had been in love, and that when he was executed, she threw herself from the walls of the castle, committing suicide; it is said that only her leg was found, and from then on a particular pavilion in the castle's gardens came to be known as One-Leg Pavilion ("Kunra gushiku").

</doc>
<doc id="18790002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790002" title="18th FAI World Precision Flying Championship">
18th FAI World Precision Flying Championship

18th FAI World Precision Flying Championship took place between July 13 - July 19, 2008 in Ried im Innkreis in Austria, altogether with the 16th FAI World Rally Flying Championship (July 20-26).
There were 62 competitors from 13 countries: Czech Republic (10), Poland (9), Austria (9), France (6), United Kingdom (6), Russia (4), South Africa (4), New Zealand (3), Germany (3), Switzerland (3), Denmark (2), Sweden (2), Slovenia (1).
Most numerous airplane was Cessna 152 (31 pilots), then Cessna 150 (16) and Cessna 172 (6). There were also two Glastars and Zlin Z-43's, single Zlin Z-42, 3Xtrim, Piper PA-18, HB-23 and Van's RV-7A (the numbers of aircraft participating was lower, for some pilots flew the same aircraft). 
Results.
Team.
Number of penal points and place of three best competitors:

</doc>
<doc id="18790026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790026" title="Scouting in Yorkshire and the Humber">
Scouting in Yorkshire and the Humber

Scouting in Yorkshire and the Humber is largely represented by the Scout Association of the United Kingdom and some Groups of traditional Scouting including the Baden-Powell Scouts' Association.
The Scout Association in Yorkshire and the Humber is part of the Scout Association North East Region, as is the Scout Association in Scouting in North East England. The Scout Association North East Region is the only one that covers two official regions of England.
There are also four student Scouting associations at various universities in the region, three of which are affiliated with the Student Scout and Guide Organisation (SSAGO). These are "Students of Hull Association of Guides and Scouts" at the University of Hull; "Leeds University Union Scouts And Guide"s covering the University of Leeds, Leeds Metropolitan University and
Leeds College of Music; and "Sheffield Students in Guides and Scouts" covering the University of Sheffield and Sheffield Hallam University. The "Scouts And Girl Guides of York" society at the University of York, is not affiliated with SSAGO.
The Scout Association Counties.
The Scout Association in Yorkshire and the Humber is administered through five Scout Counties, Central Yorkshire Scout County, Humberside Scout County, North Yorkshire Scout County, South Yorkshire Scout County and West Yorkshire Scout County.
Central Yorkshire Scout County.
Central Yorkshire, provides Scouting opportunities for young people and adults in the metropolitan boroughs of Leeds and Wakefield and the surrounding area.
The County is currently divided into eight Scout Districts:
County Expeditions.
The County organises international expeditions, enabling a number of Explorer Scouts and Scout Network members to undertake adventurous activities in other countries.
The next County Expedition is in 2008, where they will be visiting Kenya. The Expedition will consist of mountaineering on Mount Kenya, trekking by camel back, and a community project. There will also be a safari through a game reserve.
Humberside Scout County.
Scouting in Humberside covers the former non-metropolitan county of Humberside. The headquarters of Humberside Scouts is at Raywell Park Activity Centre.
There are 9 Districts within the Humberside County:
The Districts within Humberside were changed as part of the restructuring in 2011/2012. During this time Boothferry and Haltemprice were merged into Blacktoft Beacons. As of 30 May 2012 the three Hull Districts East Hull, North Hull and West Hull merged to make one District named City Of Hull.
North Yorkshire Scout County.
North Yorkshire Scout County covers the county of North Yorkshire.
North Yorkshire Scouts clebrated the Centenary of scouting in 2007 by joining the Bilton Conservation Group to plant 2000 trees donated by the Woodland Trust.
The County is currently divided into 15 Scout Districts:
There are Scout Network units in Easingwold, Harrogate and Nidderdale (LYNX), Leven, Northallerton, Richmondshire, Ripon, Ryedale, Scarborough, Selby, South Craven, Vale of Mowbray, Whitby and York.
South Yorkshire Scout County.
Scouting in South Yorkshire includes Sheffield, Barnsley, Rotherham and Doncaster.
The County is divided into 7 Scout Districts:-
Sheffield Hallam is the largest District in the County with over 30 Scout Groups. Sheffield Hallam was formed when Sheffield Porter and Sheffield Rivelin merged in 2007.
The Doncaster Danum District has a Scout Band.
The Scout and Guide Shop (previously SGS Outdoors) is a combined Scout and Guide Shop in Sheffield with a full e-commerce website. There is also a Scout Shop in Doncaster with online access.
West Yorkshire Scout County.
West Yorkshire covers the metropolitan districts of Bradford, Kirklees, and Calderdale. The Scout county of West Yorkshire does not cover the whole of the West Yorkshire metropolitan county. Because the West Yorkshire area is densely populated the boroughs of Leeds and Wakefield have their own Scout County called Central Yorkshire.
The Scout county's office is located within the Jubilee Centre at the Bradley Wood Campsite on the outskirts of Brighouse.
West Yorkshire Scouts celebrated a successful centenary year of 2007 .
West Yorkshire is subdivided into 14 Scout Districts:
West Yorkshire has two Scout Bands - Revolution Show Corps (based in Queensbury) and Spen Valley Scout and Guide Band (based in Cleckheaton)
The County has a number of campsites and activity centres 
The current County Commissioner, Mark Stageman, was appointed in January 2010.
Campsites.
Central Yorkshire.
Aldwark Water Activity Centre.
The Aldwark Water Activity Centre is owned and maintained by Central Yorkshire Scout Association County. The centre is located on the River Ure, 8 miles upstream from the city of York.
The centre has one large camping field, as well as a converted mill which consists of a number of dormitories. The centre has kayaks and boats for sailing, and runs training courses to gain qualifications in these activities.
Bramhope Scout Campsite.
The Bramhope Scout Campsite is situated just outside of the village of Bramhope, approximately 8 miles north-north-west of Leeds. The site covers thirteen and a half acres of woodland and fields, offering various camping pitches for any sized camp up to a District camp.
As well as the camping pitches, there are a number of buildings on the site offering accommodation and indoor training facilities. The site offers archery, air rifles, pedal karting, climbing, abseiling, and pioneering, amongst other activities. There are also facilities located near to the site which enable sailing, kayaking and swimming.
South Yorkshire.
There are five camp sites:-
Hesley Wood is used for Wood Badge and other Adult Leader Training.
West Yorkshire.
Bradley Wood is the West Yorkshire Scout Association County Campsite, near Brighouse on the border of Kirklees and Calderdale. There are several others run by Scout Districts or Groups.
Blackhills Scout Campsite is run by the Districts of Bradford North and Bradford South 

</doc>
<doc id="18790032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790032" title="Positive Action">
Positive Action

Positive Action is the term describing a series of political protests and strikes in pre-independence Ghana; a political activism campaign. The campaign was launched by Kwame Nkrumah before his election by popular vote as the ruler of Gold Coast and then Prime Minister of Ghana after the independence. The Positive Action campaign was launched to fight imperialism through nonviolence and education of the people. However, when Nkrumah launched the campaign, riots erupted throughout the capital, Accra.
The campaign ended with Nkrumah's election and the transformation from British colony to independent nation, hence ending the decolonization process. 

</doc>
<doc id="18790055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790055" title="Alfamega">
Alfamega

Cedric Zellars, better known by his stage name Alfamega is an American rapper who was previously signed to T.I.'s Grand Hustle Records.
Alfamega was born in Bankhead, Atlanta, Georgia, and he grew up in Techwood Homes, Atlanta.
Musical career.
Alfamega's music career started in a small USP federal Atlanta prison cell. Despite being locked away from society, incarceration caused Alfamega's creative spirit to soar. He completed seventeen hundred songs, three screen plays and penned a non-fiction book. In 2002, upon release, Alfamega met Beanie Siegel through Sigel's mother and young sister, "Fat Baby". Alfamega rapped for Sigel and was offered a recording deal. However, he turned the recording deal down. Six months later, Alfamega recorded a song with David Banner that led to a deal with Universal Records.
In 2003, Alfamega began working on his own album. Also in 2003, Alfamega recorded "South of the Mason Dixon", "Holla" (featuring Jody Breeze) and "A Town Stomp" (featuring Lil Jon). He has recorded with The Southern Boys, T.I., Slim Thug and Trina. He also signed an endorsement deal with PACO Jeans.
In 2004, Alfamega was released from his recording contract with Universal Records due to undisclosed reasons. However, that did not deter the driven emcee. For the rest of 2004 until 2006, Alfamega was featured on over three hundred and fifty mix CDs and hosted over one hundred mix CDs across the country. He was also featured in "Smooth Magazine" twice, "XXL" (twice), "The Source" (Off the Radar), "Lap Dance" (Cover), "Juice Magazine" and "Crunk Magazine".
In 2005, Alfamega signed to Grand Hustle Records. Alfamega toured ten cities with T.I. & performed at various events with him.
In 2009, T.I. & Grand Hustle reps. found out Alfamega was a former DEA informant and severed all ties with him.
"I Am Alfamega".
Alfamega eventually completed his debut album, "I Am Alfamega". The album was planned to be released in January 2009, but since the public found out that he was a DEA informant, and his contract problem about being released from Grand Hustle, the album has reportedly been shelved. However, Alfamega's manager said that the contract is still in place until its duration, so the album will still be released under Grand Hustle Records. The confirmed first single is "Uh Huh" featuring T.I. on the intro. The album currently has no release date due to Zellar's label issues.

</doc>
<doc id="18790082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790082" title="Gloydius strauchi">
Gloydius strauchi

Gloydius strauchi is a venomous pitviper species endemic to western China. It is a small snake with a pattern of four longitudinal stripes, although some older specimens may be a uniform black. "Gloydius strauchi" may be distinguished from "G. monticola" by its higher midbody dorsal scale count. This species jointly holds the altitude record for pitvipers together with "Crotalus triseriatus" of Mexico, both being found even above the tree line at over . No subspecies are currently recognized.
Etymology.
The specific name, "strauchi", is in honor of Russian herpetologist Alexander Strauch.
Description.
According to Gloyd and Conant (1990), this is a small snake, probably not growing to much more than 50 cm (19¾ inches) in total length. The largest male they examined was 51 cm (20 inches) in total length of which the tail was 7.3 cm (2⅞ in), the largest female 54.7 cm (21½ in) with a tail of 7.5 cm (3 in). The snout is rounded while the head is not too much wider than the neck. The body is moderately stout.
Scalation usually includes 21 rows of keeled dorsal scales at midbody, although the keels on the outer scale rows may be missing; 145-175 ventral scales; and 34-44 paired subcaudal scales. Also there are usually 7 supralabial scales.
The color pattern consists of a greenish brown, yellowish brown, or nut brown ground color, which is overlaid with four longitudinal stripes that are interrupted at intervals, sometimes curving and coalescing, and at other times forming an irregularly spotted or zigzag pattern. This pattern is clearly visible in young specimens, while older ones are dark or even uniformly black. A dark postocular stripe is present that more or less diffuses with the ground color above, but is clearly bordered below by a pale coloration of the lower temporal scales and posterior supralabial scales.
Geographic range.
Found western China in the Tibetan Plateau in the provinces of Tsinghai and western Szechwan. The type locality given is ""Dytschu, also den Oberlauf des Jan-tse-kiang... Tung-o-lo (Kamennoe Nagorie) und Daudsen-lu (Szytschuan)"". Zhao & Adler (1993) give "Dytschu (= Moron Us and Tuotuo rivers?), upper Jan-tse-kiang (= Jinsha River, or upper Chang Jiang), Qinghai Prov., Tung-o-lo (= Dong-e-lo) and Daudsen-lu (or Ta-tsian-lu, = Kangding Co.), Sichuan Prov., China". Pope (1935) "restricted" the type locality to "Tungngolo" (located between Lit'ang and K'angting, Hsikang, China).
The elevational range is 2,886-4,267 m (9,500-14,000 ft), even being found above the tree line. It jointly holds the altitude record for pitvipers together with "Crotalus triseriatus" in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18790086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790086" title="Anatoly Tyazhlov">
Anatoly Tyazhlov

Anatoliy Tyazhlov (; October 11, 1942, Kopeysk, Chelyabinsk Oblast - July 28, 2008) was a Russian politician who served as the Governor of Moscow Oblast from 1991 until 2000. He died on July 28, 2008, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="18790098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790098" title="Mavesyn Ridware">
Mavesyn Ridware

Mavesyn Ridware is a small village and civil parish in Lichfield District, Staffordshire, England. The parish also includes the villages of Hill Ridware, Rake End, Pipe Ridware and Blithbury, all of which lie between the River Trent and a small tributary, the River Blithe. Adjacent to the east is the parish of Hamstall Ridware; to the south is the much larger village of Armitage.
Mavesyn Ridware contains two notable buildings: the parish church dedicated to St Nicholas and the Gatehouse of the former ancient Manor House. "Mavesyn" is derived from the French "Malvoisin" which was the name of the Norman family who acquired the local estate following the Norman conquest of 1066. The Church contains many monuments to members of this family and to their successors the Cawardens and the Chadwicks. The gatehouse is timber framed with a later brick and stone skin. Dendrochronology on the timber indicates that the building was erected in 1391/2.

</doc>
<doc id="18790128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790128" title="Governor of Moscow Oblast">
Governor of Moscow Oblast

The Governor of Moscow Oblast (Губернатор Московской области) is the head of the Moscow Oblast and head of the Executive authority in the Moscow Oblast, the region that almost surrounds Moscow.
Until 1995 the head of the Moscow Oblast was titled the Head of Moscow Oblast Administration. In 1995, the Regional Duma (Московская областная Дума) adopted the new law about the Governor of Moscow Oblast, and since 1995, the head of the Oblast is titled Governor.
The Governor is elected for a term that is renewable once consecutively.

</doc>
<doc id="18790154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790154" title="The Adventures of Picasso">
The Adventures of Picasso

The Adventures of Picasso (original title: "Picassos äventyr") is a 1978 Swedish film comedy directed by Tage Danielsson, starring Gösta Ekman, as the famous painter. The film had the tag-line "Tusen kärleksfulla lögner av Hans Alfredson och Tage Danielsson" (A thousand loving lies by Hans Alfredson and Tage Danielsson).
The film uses ten languages: Spanish, French, Swedish, German, Finnish, Italian, English, Russian, Norwegian and Latin. Most of these words are very simple ("agua", water), sometimes meaning something different from what they seem (Don Jose's military rank, "Hauptbahnhof", which means "central rail station" in German) and other times just being complete nonsense.
Plot.
The film is (very) loosely based on Pablo Picasso's life and death, narrated by Toivo Pawlo, who introduces himself as Elsa Beskow. It opens with a quote by Picasso himself: "Art is a lie that leads us closer to the truth."
The story starts with Picasso's birth in Málaga, Spain. His father, Don Jose (Hans Alfredson), is an artist and discovers early his son's talent when the young boy makes a sculpture of Don Jose with his food. 
When Pablo is old enough (and now portrayed by Gösta Ekman) his father takes him to Madrid, so that Pablo can study art. On their way, they encounter two robbers who try to hurt a beautiful girl named Dolores (Lena Olin). After a slapstick number in which Picasso defeats the two attackers, she gives him a bottle of paint, containing a djinn. With the paint from that bottle he signs all his paintings. 
At the academy of art Pablo's talent is praised and awarded. When he returns home with a portrait of his mother Dona Maria (Margaretha Krook), he is equally praised there. Unfortunately, their happiness is ruined when Don Jose suddenly dies - or so it seems. At the funeral it turns out he's actually still alive. Despite this, Dona Maria keeps ignoring him with the words: "Idioto, tú es muerta".
Pablo leaves for Paris, but has a hard time selling any of his paintings. One day his father comes to visit him, bringing the sad news that Dona Maria is dead. When Don Jose starts to eat an apple that Pablo used as a reference for his painting, Picasso starts to draw faster, still using the apple as reference. The result is the birth of cubism.
This new style, however, is very hard to sell - until Pablo's father gets an idea from a fishing rod. He lowers the painting down from a window during a vernissage. The overall reaction is negative, with comments like "Scandal", "Merde", "Oh, mon dieu" and "piss".
One of the guests however, finds the picture both "charming" and "marvelous" and declares that she wants to buy it. This lady is none other than the great writer Gertrude Stein (Bernard Cribbins), who is attending the vernissage with her companion Alice B. Toklas (Wilfrid Brambell).
After this, Picasso becomes the center of the artworld of Paris. Along with names like Braque, Matisse, Fernand Léger, Pompidou, Entrecôte, Carl Larsson, Karl-Alfred, Loulou, Dodo, Jou-Jou, Clo-Clo, Margot, Frou Frou, Jenny Nyström, Hejsan-Tjosan, Corselet, Omelette and Rembrandt (most of these names are just nonsense and mean other things than you might suspect). The Paris artworld also included Hemingway, who enjoys knitting, Erik Satie, Guillaume Apollinaire, Henri Rousseau, Vincent van Gogh and no less than two Toulouse-Lautrec. Along with Mimi, a waitress who gave Puccini the inspiration to "Thy tiny hand is frozen", the reason for this being that she is carrying a wine cooler.
After this introduction to the artworld of Paris, the narrator tells about a "normal" day in Picassos life. It ends with a visit from Mr. and Mrs. Guggenheim from New York. Although the Swedish American multimillionaire Ingrid Svensson-Guggenheim (Birgitta Andersson) doesn't understand Picasso's art, she knows that it is expensive, and therefore immortal. She becomes a pest and at whatever the cost she is determined to become a part of Picasso's art and world. When Picasso no longer seems to be able to escape the annoying American, his two friends Rousseau (Lennart Nyman) and Apollinaire (Per Oscarsson) invite him to Rousseau's hidden forest, where Apollinaire reads aloud some of his poems for his friends. This gives Picasso an idea. They will have a masquerade in Rousseaus honor.
This masquerade has a lot of famous historic persons, most of them dressed as furniture. It all ends with Rousseau, while playing his violin, flying out the window and into the night of Paris.
Now it's 1914 and Picasso and all of humanity is looking forward to a bright future full of liberty, equality and fraternity. This is all destroyed however with the coming of World War I and the headlines "KRASH! BOM! BANG!
In 1918, when the war is over, Pablo once again meets his father, who has invented a new shampoo that will regrow hair. It has another effect on Pablo however, who loses all of his hair and gives him his famous bald look.
Shortly after this, Pablo gets the job to make the sets and clothes for the russian ballet. The ballet, premiering in London, is not a success however. Don Jose makes the dancers' food and all the performers end up passing gas. 
Picasso returns to Paris, where he meets Sirkka (Lena Nyman), a Finnish singer who sings a song that he becomes enchanted by. However, when it turns out that that song (which is essentially a recipe for making a kalakukko (the equivalent of the Russian "rybnik" or "kurnik")) is the only one Sirkka’s got on her repertoire, Picasso soon gets sick of it and leaves for New York with his father.
In America there is a prohibition on art (a reference to the real Prohibition era of liquor). Pablo works underground and one day he is asked to deliver a set of pictures to a Mrs. X. It turns out that this mysterious woman is none other than Ingrid Svensson-Guggenheim. She doesn't give up so easily, but Picasso manages to escape her flirting.
When delivering art to the local gangster Big Mac, Pablo, Don Jose and Ingrid Svensson-Guggenheim are caught in a shootout between Big Mac and his rival Mr. Peperoni. The shootout is interrupted however by a police raid. A very foulmouthed cop accuses Pablo of being a murderer and states that art is a lethal poison. It all turns into an impromptu trial against Pablo with Ingrid Svensson-Guggenheim and the two gangs as the jury. Don Jose, acting as Pablo's lawyer tries to defend his son, stating that Picasso's work is not art, but childish graffiti. However, Pablo is still found guilty and is sentenced to death by the electric chair.
The chair refuses to work however, and the electrician, a Norwegian named Grieg (Rolv Wesenlund), is sent in to fix it. It all backfires however and in the mess Pablo draws a door on the wall and escapes back to Europe.
In Europe however, "the monsters" -- Benito Mussolini, Adolf Hitler and Francisco Franco—have seized power. Don Jose joins the German army and later on becomes promoted to the rank of Hauptbahnhof (a German word meaning main train station) in the SS, in charge of Operation Ostrich, with the mission to find opposition men in hiding. During the war, Picasso uses his apartment to hide opposition members. When the war is over, Don Jose quickly changes into French clothes, stating "I like Ike!", waving the American flag and singing My Old Kentucky Home, charming the Americans in pretty much the same way he did with the Germans.
After World War II Pablo settles down at the Riviera, where he once again meets the love of his youth, Dolores, and her granddaughter (who, like young Dolores, is played by Lena Olin. Inspired by them Picasso sends his doves (animated birds) out in a world plagued by the Cold War.
After a while, Don Jose shows up again with his new wife, who turns out to be Ingrid Svensson-Guggenheim. Picasso is trapped by his own fame, he has become an industry and his house is converted into a museum while he still lives in it. After drinking the last of the ink in the magic bottle Dolores gave him years ago, he falls asleep and dies. At the same moment all the signatures on Picasso's paintings disappear, it becomes The Great Picasso crash. 
But, as we find out, Picasso is not really dead. When everyone has left the room he gets up, waves goodbye to his paintings and fades into the wall.
Production.
Gösta Ekman originally thought it would be funny to write a book about a place that you never visited. In the same manner it would be funny to do a biography about a person you never met. Like Mozart, Jesus or Picasso.
Despite the fact that this movie is set in Spain, London, Paris, the French Riviera and America most of the movie was shot in and around the Swedish town of Tomelilla. Many of the scenes are filmed at the same street. Using a glasspainting in front of the camera and changing a few things on the set, the filmmakers could turn the little street of Tomelilla into all the big cities shown in this film.
All of Picasso's paintings for this movie were made by Per Åhlin. After the film's premiere the paintings by Per Åhlin were shown at a vernissage in Tomelilla with pricetags from 222 220 kronor and up. All except one, "Elsa Melon", that only cost 40 kr, but it was listed as already sold. Per Åhlin wanted the paintings to be destroyed after the vernissage so they wouldn't be spread as Per Åhlin-paintings when they were only "Per Åhlin-paintings that mimicked Picasso for a movie full of lies". According to the movie's commentary track by Gösta Ekman, some of the paintings were saved by the cast and crew who now keep them in their houses.
Sirkka's song is actually a recipe for pastry of fish and bacon.
Release.
The narration of this movie is the only thing that is dubbed into other languages, because of the multilingual dialogue. In all versions it is a man who introduces himself as a famous female. In Sweden the narrator introduces himself as ""Elsa Beskow"", in English it is Gertrude Stein, in Danish, Karen Blixen, in Norwegian, Margaretha Munthe and the French narrator introduces himself as Mistinguett.
Years after the movie's release, when Gösta Ekman went down to Budapest on vacation, he found that people looked at him in a very odd way. He eventually understood why when a local asked him if he were Picasso, to which Gösta replied, "If you mean that I played Picasso in a movie than, yeah, that's right." He later found out that the film was a great success in Hungary, were it has been playing on a Budapest cinema every year since its release, and even had been turned into a stage play. Hans Alfredson, who wrote the script along with Tage Danielsson and also starred as Pablo's father, has seen the play and liked it. He commented that "It was very faithful to the film."
Trivia.
Magnus Härenstam who plays Hitler in this film later played Roger De Bris in a Swedish production of The Producers (musical), thus indirectly reprising his part of Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="18790156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790156" title="Baldini">
Baldini

Baldini is a surname of Italian origin; notable people with this surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18790180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790180" title="Hobulaid">
Hobulaid

Hobulaid () is a Baltic Sea island belonging to the country of Estonia. Its coordinates are 
Hobulaid is located between the island of Vormsi and the ferry port of Rohuküla on the Estonian mainland. Hobulaid has an area of 75 hectares. The highest point is 6.6 metres above sea level. 
The island was first mentioned in chronicles in 1391 and had a history of Swedish colonization. In the Middle Ages Hobulaid belonged to the Bishopric of Ösel-Wiek of Haapsalu. Today, the island is an important breeding ground for numerous bird species. 
On the southern tip of Hobulaid is a 13-meter-high functioning lighthouse. The structure is operated by the Estonian Maritime Administration and dates from 1934. 
Near Hobulaid are the small islands Obholmsgrunne (Swedish: "Upholm"), Odrarahu and Varsarahu.
See also.
List of islands of Estonia

</doc>
<doc id="18790188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790188" title="Fox Kids (disambiguation)">
Fox Kids (disambiguation)

Fox Kids can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790192" title="KILR-FM">
KILR-FM

KILR-FM (95.9 FM) is a commercial radio station serving the Estherville, Iowa area as well as the Iowa Great Lakes region. The station broadcasts a Country format. KILR is licensed to Jacobson Broadcasting Company, Inc which is owned by Roger J. and Barbara J. Jacobson. They also own sister station KILR (AM).
The transmitter and broadcast tower are located northeast of Estherville along Iowa Highway 4. According to the Antenna Structure Registration database, the tower is tall with the FM broadcast antenna mounted at the level. The calculated Height Above Average Terrain is .
On September 10, 2007 the FCC issued Jacobson a construction permit allowing a power increase to 50,000 watts along with increasing the HAAT to . The new transmitter site will be located about 10 miles southwest of Estherville. As of August 2008, it is unknown if the change has taken place.

</doc>
<doc id="18790195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790195" title="Harold Danforth">
Harold Danforth

Harold Warren Danforth (8 April 1916 – 7 May 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Leamington, Ontario, he was a farmer by career.
Danforth attended Ontario Agricultural College after which he farmed in the Blenheim area. He became a local councillor in Blenheim, Ontario between 1956 and 1958 and was then elected at the Kent riding in the 1958 federal election. Although he was defeated in the following federal election in 1962, he won the riding back in the 1963 election and was re-elected in 1965. In 1966, riding boundaries were changed and Danforth won at the new Kent—Essex riding in the 1968 federal election and again in the 1972 election. Danforth left federal politics when he was defeated in the 1974 election by Robert Daudlin of the Liberal party.

</doc>
<doc id="18790207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790207" title="Abraham Cohn">
Abraham Cohn

Abraham Cohn (June 17, 1832 in Guttentag, Prussia, June 2, 1897 in New York City) was an American Civil War Union Army soldier and recipient to the highest military decoration for valor in combat — the Medal of Honor — for having distinguished himself at the Battle of the Wilderness, Virginia on May 6, 1864, and the Battle of the Crater, Petersburg, Virginia on July 30, 1864.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
During Battle of the Wilderness rallied and formed, under heavy fire, disorganized and fleeing troops of different regiments. At Petersburg, Va., July 30, 1864, bravely and coolly carried orders to the advanced line under severe fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18790222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790222" title="Gustavo Gutiérrez (athlete)">
Gustavo Gutiérrez (athlete)

Gustavo Gutiérrez (aka Papi Gusta) was born in Mulalillo, Ecuador on September 26, 1939. He began his training when he was fifteen years old.
Gustavo is a three time winner of the biggest race in Ecuador, Quito Ultimas Noticias (El Circuito de los Barrios) in 1963, 1967, and again in 1968.
In 1967 he was named athlete of the year in Ecuador.
He was the first Ecuadorian athlete to qualify for the Olympics. In 1968 he represented Ecuador in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in Mexico City, competing in the marathon. See official results at, Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's marathon.
In 1969 he broke the South American record for the half marathon completing it in one hour, eight minutes, and fifteen seconds.
Twenty years after his third victory in the Quito Ultimas Noticias his daughter Pilar Gutierrez and grandson Iver Paredes ran in the 2008 Quito Ultimas Noticias. Papi Gusta ran the final five kilometers alongside his daughter.
References.
Sports Reference

</doc>
<doc id="18790226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790226" title="Dixie Kid">
Dixie Kid

Aaron Lister Brown "aka" Dixie Kid (23 December 1883 at Fulton, Missouri - 6 April 1934 at Los Angeles, California) was an American boxer. He was a controversial contender for the World Welterweight Boxing Championship in 1904.
Professional career.
On 29 April 1904, Kid challenged Barbados Joe Walcott for the latter's World Welterweight Championship title. Although he was well on top, Walcott was disqualified by the referee after 20 rounds for an alleged foul. Kid claimed the title but it was subsequently discovered that the referee had bet on him to win and so his claim was disregarded.
In his career as a welterweight and a middleweight, he fought such notable fighters as Jimmy Clabby, Mike Twin Sullivan, Willie Lewis, Sam Langford and Georges Carpentier.
Death.
Kid fought over 150 bouts and retired in 1920. He died on 6 April 1934 in Los Angeles after falling out of a tenement story window. It is not known whether it was by accident or a suicide.
Honours.
Kid was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame (2002).

</doc>
<doc id="18790229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790229" title="Jorge Russek">
Jorge Russek

Jorge Russek (January 4, 1932 – July 30, 1998) was a Mexican actor. He died of a heart attack on July 30, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18790273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790273" title="2009 UniCredit Czech Open">
2009 UniCredit Czech Open

The 2009 UniCredit Czech Open was a tennis clay-court tournament included in the 2009 ATP Challenger Tour. Agustín Calleri was the defending singles champion, but could not get past the first round. Jan Hájek, world no. 288, came from the qualifying round and took the title in front of his home crowd by beating the top-100 player Steve Darcis in the final. Johan Brunström and Jean-Julien Rojer won the doubles event.
Singles entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry a special Exempt into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="18790283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790283" title="George Howe (merchant)">
George Howe (merchant)

George Howe (1819–1899) of Boston was a 19th-century merchant, industrialist, and investor. He was, with David Nevins, Sr., co-owner of Pemberton Mill when it collapsed in what is "likely the worst industrial accident in Massachusetts history" and "one of the worst industrial calamities in American history". According to later court testimony reported by the "New York Times", Howe escaped just as the structure was falling.
The Massachusetts Historical Society is now the custodian of papers:
...pertaining to his business, George Howe and Co.; his role in the direction of New England textile mills, including Pemberton Manufacturing Company, Cocheco Manufacturing Company, Hooksett Mills, Massachusetts Mills, Blackton Mills, Stark Mills and Cordis Mills; interaction with other Boston merchants such as grocer S.S. Pierce Co.; real estate ventures in Boston and Roxbury, Mass.; cotton trade with cotton brokerage firms in the South; financial donations to Wesleyan University and Amherst College; and the settlement of his estate by B. M. Stillman. Business records include correspondence and letters, account books, 1828-1856, sales ledgers, 1828-1861, real estate notes, deeds, fabric samples, invoices, receipts, and memoranda books. Also includes ship agreements, 1819-1822, pertaining to trading voyages on the ship Mentor to China, the Pacific, and the western coast of the United States, listing name and rank of crew, duties and restrictions, and wages.

</doc>
<doc id="18790303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790303" title="Benvenuti">
Benvenuti

Benvenuti is an Italian surname meaning "welcome". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18790317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790317" title="The Bolts">
The Bolts

The Bolts are an independent modern rock band from Irvine, California. Formed in 2007, the band consists of guitarist Heath Farmer, bassist Addam Farmer, keyboardist Austin Farmer, guitarist Ryan Kilpatrick, and drummer Matt Champagne. The entire frontline of the band sings lead vocals with multiple harmony.
The Bolts first experienced local success in 2007 when the band landed five demo songs on the local rock radio station, KROQ, after being together less than four months. Soon after, the band started winning local battles of the bands and other competitions, eventually leading them to earn the title of Orange County’s ‘Best Pop Artist’ from the OC Music Awards.
In 2012, The Bolts have landed music licensing spots on MLB, MLB All-Star Game, MLB World Series, NASCAR, UEFA Soccer Championships, Delta Airlines, television shows, Degrassi, and Necessary Roughness, branded marketing strategic partnerships with You Rock Digital Guitars, Hello Music, and the Sobe drink campaign, featuring Sports Illustrated cover supermodel, Kate Upton.
The Bolts will release their debut ep entitled ‘Fall’ in September 2012, followed by their official full-length release, ‘Wait 'til We're Young, released February 12, 2013. .

</doc>
<doc id="18790324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790324" title="George Howe">
George Howe

George Howe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790328" title="Chak Khasa">
Chak Khasa

Chak Khasa is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil.
References.
Raja Mohammed Farooq is the Chairman of Chak Khasa UC first degree college in Jhelum is situated in Tahlianwala (chak khasa)

</doc>
<doc id="18790342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790342" title="Katharine Barker">
Katharine Barker

Katharine Barker (born 10 March 1941, in Sedbergh, Yorkshire) is an English actress. She played Dolly Skillbeck in Emmerdale Farm from 1977 until 1980 when Jean Rogers took over the role. She also had a starring role in Hay Fever by the Oxford Stage Company.
Katharine Barker was married to Michael Pennington from October 1964 – 1967 and they had one child.

</doc>
<doc id="18790343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790343" title="Sean Canham">
Sean Canham

Sean Thomas Canham (born 26 June 1984) is an English footballer who plays for Hume City after leaving Hereford United.
Career.
Despite having trials with Charlton Athletic, he signed for Notts County in early August 2008 alongside Delroy Facey, for the start of the 2008–09 season. Canham made his debut for Notts County on 9 August 2008, in the 2–1 away defeat to Bradford City. On 1 September 2009, Canham went on loan to Hayes & Yeading United.
On 10 May 2010, it was announced that he had been released by Notts County along with 7 other players.
Canham signed for Hereford United in July 2010 on a two-year deal. During the season he joined Kidderminster Harriers on loan in February 2011 for an initial one month period after finding first team opportunities limited. This was later extended until the end of the season, but he was recalled to Hereford on 27 April 2011. Canham joined Bath City on loan for two months on 30 September 2011. After returning to Hereford for a short spell where he made no appearances Canham re-joined Bath City on loan for the rest of the season in January. Despite signing a new short term contract with Hereford and scoring three goals in his four games of the season he was again allowed to join Bath City on loan for three months on 5 October 2012. He was released by Hereford United upon the expiry of his contract on 1 January 2013. He joined Australian side Hume City on 29 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18790345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790345" title="Chotala">
Chotala

Chotala is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at 32°49'0N 73°35'0E with an altitude of 214 metres (705 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="18790352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790352" title="Nels Nelson (politician)">
Nels Nelson (politician)

Nels Edwin Nelson (7 September 1917 – 13 July 1992) was a New Democratic Party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a teacher by career.
Nelson made two attempts to become a Member of Parliament at Alberta's Wetaskiwin riding in the 1965 and 1968 federal elections.
He was first elected at the Burnaby—Seymour riding in the 1972 general election and served in the 29th Canadian Parliament, but was defeated there by Marke Raines of the Liberal Party in the 1974 federal election and made no further attempts to return to federal office.
On 13 July 1992, Nelson died of a heart attack in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="18790369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790369" title="Reductive art">
Reductive art

Reductive art is a term to describe an artistic style or an aesthetic, rather than an art movement. Movements and other terms associated with reductive art include Minimal art, ABC art, anti-illusionism, cool art, rejective art, Bauhaus aesthetic, work that emphasizes clarity, simplification, reduced means, reduction of form, streamlined composition, primary shapes, and restricted color. It is also characterized by the use of plain-spoken materials, precise craftsmanship and intellectual rigor.

</doc>
<doc id="18790388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790388" title="Maher Island">
Maher Island

Maher Island () is a small horseshoe-shaped island which has numerous areas of exposed rock, lying north of the northwest end of Siple Island, off the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and photographed from aircraft of U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander Eugene Maher, U.S. Navy, Commanding Officer of during Operation Deep Freeze, 1955–56.
The island is one of three considered closest to the Oceanic Pole of Inaccessibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18790391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790391" title="Bertucci">
Bertucci

Bertucci is a surname of Italian origin. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790395" title="Wildfire history of Cape Cod">
Wildfire history of Cape Cod

The wildfire potential of the forests of Cape Cod, located in southeastern Massachusetts, has been described as being the third most flammable area in the nation, behind southern California and the New Jersey Pine Barrens. With the development of the Cape from the 1960s to the present, the wildfire danger has diminished but thousands of acres are still capable of burning.
History.
Pre-European.
Before Europeans settled the Cape, the forests were periodically burned by lightning strikes and the Wampanoag version of the prescribed burn. This kept the amount of underbrush to a minimum, thus allowing the Cape to experience few, if any, major wildfires. Excavations of charcoal, pollen and sediment from Mary Dunn Pond, in Barnstable show that the Wampanoag practiced periodic burns. The area around the Indian Ponds of Barnstable, including Mystic Lake, Middle Pond, and Hamblin Pond used to be burned by natives who would then subsequently use the land in small plots to farm.
Colonization.
In the 1620s, the Cape was forever altered by the settlement of Europeans. The settlers did not like periodic fires in their backyards, and they put out any fire before it could really burn and do damage. This, and massive deforestation by the initial settlers, led to a large amount of brush accumulating in the surviving woods of the Cape. Unfortunately for the settlers, this caused fires, when they occurred, to really burn and explode instead of burning along the ground. The forests of this time were small and spread out so there was not much potential for disaster, but that changed after industrialization.
Industrial Age.
The discovery of the New World led to newfound industries to many Europeans. One was shipbuilding. This was important on the Cape because the tall trees which survived the mass deforestation of the initial settlement, led to the major expansion of the shipbuilding industry. This, along with the decreased farming of the land, created an opportunity for pitch pine and scrub oak to grow in abundance. This land was divided up into individual firewood plots. Some of this wood was bought up by the Boston and Sandwich Glass Company, which operated from 1825 to 1888 and the Barnstable Brick Company, which operated from 1878 to 1929. Unfortunately, this led to many fires burning many acres because the forests began to connect.
Modern era.
In the early 1900s, the Cape started to become part of the state's fire lookout tower network. Towers were constructed in many towns to make it easier to coordinate firefighting. Massive burns occurred in the forests, larger than any seen since pre-colonial times. This was especially true on the Upper Cape, where the forests had matured more than the rest of Cape Cod.
Modern techniques for fighting these fires include controlled burns and the clearing of brush. The discontinuation of live firing at the Massachusetts Military Reservation has also contributed to the decrease in the intensity of the fires. The military has helped with the hazard by periodically burning portions of the land to prevent these massive fires.
According to a study published in 2003, the Cape has a fire that burns on the hundreds to thousands of acres size every 30 to 50 years. Camp Edwards was excluded from this research because it burns more with the munitions on the base.

</doc>
<doc id="18790398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790398" title="Dugald Steer">
Dugald Steer

Dugald A. Steer B.A. (Brist), S.A.S.D. (b. 1965) is an English children's writer.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Dugald Steer was born in 1965 and grew up in Surrey. He completed a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in English literature and philosophy at Bristol University, then completed a TEFL course and lived in Spain for five years.
Career.
After returning to the United Kingdom, Steer got a job with Templar Publishing, working his way up to become an editor. At Templar, he wrote and edited many books, including the first few Ologies. He has since gone freelance in order to pursue writing for children full-time.
Published works.
Steer has authored over 100 books, beginning with "Big Bear and the Missing Mouse" (1995). Other notable works of his include "Mythical Mazes", "Scary Fairies", "An Accidental Christmas", "Just One More Story", "The Night Tiger", "Dragonology", "The Dragon's Eye", "The Dragon Diary", "The Dragon's Apprentice" and "The Dragon Prophecy".

</doc>
<doc id="18790406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790406" title="Nels Nelson">
Nels Nelson

Nels Nelson is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18790415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790415" title="Barbarian II">
Barbarian II

Barbarian II is a 1991 fantasy action-adventure game by British publishers Psygnosis for the Atari ST and Amiga 500. You once again take on the role of simple barbarian Hegor in a quest to destroy your resilient and nefarious brother, the sorcerer Necron.
Description.
Upon returning home at the end of Barbarian and having defeated his evil brother Necron, the High Council decreed that Hegor wasn't exactly the right person to take the reward of kingship. They inform him the position would demand much work on his part, and thus convince him to instead take a significant sum of gold as his reward. However, Hegor was never very good with numbers, and before long he soon finds himself broke again and looking for ways to pay for his wine and women. Whilst in the busy hamlet of Thelston he encounters a woman thief who claims she saw the barbarian seemingly defeat his brother, except after Hegor left Necron's remaining minions came along, retrieved their master's body and set about resurrecting him. Taking up arms, Hegor races to again face the challenges ahead, avenge his father's death and put an end to his brother's insidious activities once and for all.
Whilst the title is often cited as a platform game of sorts, this isn't a very accurate depiction because the vast majority of the game involves combating the numerous fearsome foes and exploring the extensive environments. The game takes place from a side-on view, and Hegor moves between areas across the six regions, including forests, caves and temples. Hegor's primary weapons are his broadsword and bow, but he can attain other weapons including a shortsword and axe. Running and jumping comprises a large part of the gameplay, and in particular some of the later levels are extensive and require significant exploration.

</doc>
<doc id="18790433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790433" title="Darapur">
Darapur

Darapur is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at 32°44'0N 73°33'0E with an altitude of 214 metres (705 feet). Most of the population belong to the Janjua and Ratial tribe.Famous personalities of Darapur includes Raja Khair Mehdi, Nawab Raja Zaman Mehdi Khan, Raja Paindah Khan(Khan Bahadur),Raja Abdullah Khan, Raja Shakir Mehdi, Raja Rahim Ullah Khan, Nawab Raja Talib Mehdi, Nawab Raja Nasarullah Khan, Raja Ayub, Raja Yaqub, Raja Lehrasab Khan, Nawab Raja Afzal Mehdi, Raja Fazal Mehdi, Nawab Raja Iqbal Mehdi, Raja Arif Zaman Mehdi

</doc>
<doc id="18790434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790434" title="Packey McFarland">
Packey McFarland

Patrick "Packey" McFarland (November 1, 1888 – September 22, 1936) was a popular American boxer in the lightweight and welterweight divisions. Despite an extraordinary winning record, he was unable to secure a match for either world title. The Ring Record Book and Boxing Encyclopedia suggests McFarland was the best fighter to never become a world champion.
Professional career.
He was born on November 1, 1888, in Chicago, Illinois.
McFarland became a professional boxer in 1904. In 1905 he beat Jimmy Britt, who had a disputed claim to be the lightweight world champion, although this fight was not for a title. In 1908 he defeated future lightweight champion Freddie Welsh in one bout and drew with him in another. He also defeated old foe Britt in another bout that year. In 1910 he met Welsh again for the British version of the lightweight title. The bout ended in another draw, with Welsh retaining his title. McFarland never fought for another world title bout. On April 26, 1912 he beat Matt Wells at Madison Square Garden, in New York City.
He later defeated future welterweight champion Jack Britton during the later part of his career. 
He retired in 1915 after fighting to a draw with Mike Gibbons. Was boxing instructor at Camp Zachary Taylor in 1918. On January 27, 1933, he was appointed to the Illinois Athletic Commission by Governor Henry Horner. McFarland also managed his sizable investments and was director of two banks.
Death.
McFarland died at Joliet, Illinois, of a strepococcus infection which had attacked his heart. 

</doc>
<doc id="18790439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790439" title="Carex sparganioides">
Carex sparganioides

Bur-reed sedge (Carex sparganioides) is a perennial plant belonging to the sedge family (Cyperaceae). Its native range includes most of the Eastern and Central U.S., and it is typically found in hardwood or mixed forests. It typically grows high, and contains teardrop-shaped seed sacs within egg-shaped spikelets.
"Carex sparganioides" is considered endangered in Maine and New Hampshire. Good for soil stabilization on shaded slopes.

</doc>
<doc id="18790459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790459" title="Adămuș">
Adămuș

"For the body part, see pomus Adamus. For the channelled entity "Adamus Saint-Germain" see Geoffrey Hoppe."
Adămuş (; Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Adămuş, Chinciuş ("Kincses"), Corneşti ("Sövényfalva"), Crăieşti ("Magyarkirályfalva"), Dâmbău ("Küküllődombó"; ) and Herepea ("Magyarherepe").
History.
Until 1918, the village belonged to the Maros-Torda County of the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="18790468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790468" title="Telephone number">
Telephone number

A telephone number is a unique sequence of digits assigned to each telephone subscriber station, telephone line, or since the advent of digital telephony to an electronic telephony device, such as a mobile telephone. The telephone number serves as the address to switch telephone calls using a system of destination routing. It is entered or dialed by the calling party on the originating telephone set which transmits it in the process of signaling to a telephone exchange which completes the call either to another locally connected subscriber or via the public switched telephone network (PSTN) to the called party.
The concept of using telephone numbers instead of subscriber names when connecting calls was developed and first used between 1879 and 1880 in Lowell, MA, for the purpose of ease of training new telephone operators.
Overview.
When telephone numbers were invented, they were short — as few as one, two or three digits — and were given orally to a switchboard operator. As phone systems have grown and interconnected to encompass the world, telephone numbers have become longer. In addition to telephones, they have been used to access other devices, such as computer modems, pagers, and fax machines. With landlines, modems and pagers falling out of use in favor of all-digital always-connected broadband Internet and mobile phones, telephone numbers are now instead taken by data-only cellular devices, such as some tablet computers, digital cameras, and even game controllers and mobile hotspots, on which it is not even possible to make or accept a phone call.
The number contains the information necessary to identify uniquely the intended endpoint for the telephone call. Each such endpoint must have a unique number within the public switched telephone network. Most countries use fixed length numbers (for normal lines at least) and therefore the number of endpoints determines the necessary length of the telephone number. It is also possible for each subscriber to have a set of shorter numbers for the endpoints most often used. These "shorthand" or "speed calling" numbers are automatically translated to unique telephone numbers before the call can be connected. Some special services have their own short numbers (e.g., 1-1-9, 9-1-1, 0-0-0, 9-9-9, 1-1-1, and 1-1-2 being the Emergency Services numbers for China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Sri Lanka; Canada and the United States; Australia; the United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, Poland, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Morocco, Macao, Bahrain, Qatar, Bangladesh, Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mauritius, Singapore, Zimbabwe, Trinidad, Tobago; New Zealand; Kuwait and the European Union, respectively.)
Many systems also allow calls within a local area to be made without dialing the local area code or city code. For example, a phone number in North America will start with three numbers (such as 661), which is the area code, followed by seven digits split into sections of three and four (such as 550-1212), which is the local number. Some areas now have mandatory ten-digit dialing in place, even for local calls. This is not a technical necessity, but rather a regulatory imposition, supposedly to prevent "discrimination" against new numbers assigned when a new area code is applied with an overlay plan instead of the standard split plan. More practically, it prevents misdialed numbers caused by the caller not being aware of (or simply not paying attention) to which area code he or she is calling from, thereby causing the call to be directed to the wrong area code. Conversely, a virtual PBX can allow dialing within one's own prefix using only the last three or four digits of the number being dialed. In this case, a 9 is dialed to reach an "outside" line, just as in an actual PBX. This system can work with a non-geographic prefix the can be assigned in multiple telephone exchanges across a city or county, or a metropolitan area, typically for government or a business with many branches, such as a bank.
Other special phone numbers are used for high-capacity numbers with several telephone circuits, typically a request line to a radio station where dozens or even hundreds of callers may be trying to call in at once, such as for a contest. For each large metro area, all of these lines will share the same prefix (such as 404-741-"xxxx" in Atlanta and 305-550-"xxxx" in Miami), the last digits typically corresponding to the station's frequency, callsign, or moniker.
Most telephone networks today (exceptions being private intercom and secure phone networks) are interconnected in the international telephone network, where the format of telephone numbers is standardized by ITU-T in the recommendation E.164. This specifies that the entire number should be 15 digits or shorter, and begin with a country prefix. For most countries, this is followed by an area code or city code and the subscriber number, which might consist of the code for a particular telephone exchange. ITU-T recommendation E.123 describes how to represent an international telephone number in writing or print, starting with a plus sign ("+") and the country code. When calling an international number from a landline phone, the + must be replaced with the international call prefix chosen by the country the call is being made from. Many mobile phones allow the + to be entered directly, by pressing and holding the "0" for GSM phones, or sometimes "*" for CDMA phones.
The format and allocation of local phone numbers are controlled by each nation's respective government, either directly or by sponsored organizations (such as NANPA, overseen by NeuStar Inc.). In the United States, each state's public service commission regulates, as does the Federal Communications Commission. In Canada, which shares the same country code with the U.S. (due to Bell Canada's previous ownership by the U.S.-based Bell System, whose successor AT&T invented the current system in 1947), regulation is mainly through the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission.
Teleconversion is the process or act of changing one's telephone number while remaining with the same phone company, often due to relocation. Conversely, local number portability (LNP) allows a person to move his or her existing phone number to another carrier. The two processes converge in the instance of a port-in teleconversion, where an existing number is changed to one which is brought from another carrier. This may occur where a person takes a wireline number (such as a home business) and ports it to an existing cellphone (possibly a wireless home phone), or where a new line is activated but the port-in request is still pending, the teleconversion then occurring when the porting process successfully completes.
Number portability usually has geographic limitations, such as an existing local phone company only being able to port to a competitor within the same exchange. Mobile carriers may have much larger regions called markets, which can assign or accept numbers from any area within the region (such as the Georgia/Carolinas market, covering AT&T Mobility's headquarters in Atlanta). These markets vary from carrier to carrier, and such limitations may only be applied to consumers and not to business accounts. This also differs from the concept of a rate center (within which calls are typically free, and outside of which calls are considered long distance), and a LATA (an American regulatory and technical region which has little to do with phone numbers). As a result of Southern Bell and later Bellsouth, the world's largest toll-free rate center is metro Atlanta, with several million phone numbers assigned to its four area codes (and small parts of four others).
U.S. history.
In the late 1870s, the Bell interests started utilizing their patent with a rental scheme, in which they would rent their instruments to individual users who would contract with other suppliers to connect them, for example from home to office to factory. Western Union and the Bell company both soon realized that a subscription service would be more profitable, with the invention of the telephone switchboard or central office. Such an office was staffed by an operator who connected the calls by personal names.
The latter part of 1879 and the early part of 1880 saw the first use of telephone numbers at Lowell, Massachusetts. During an epidemic of measles, the physician, Dr. Moses Greeley Parker, feared that Lowell's four telephone operators might all succumb to sickness and bring about a paralysis of telephone service. He recommended the use of numbers for calling Lowell's more than 200 subscribers so that substitute operators might be more easily trained in the event of such an emergency. Parker was convinced of the telephone's potential, began buying stock, and by 1883 he was one of the largest individual stockholders in both the American Telephone Company and the New England Telephone and Telegraph Company.
Even after the assignment of numbers, operators still connected most calls into the early 20th century; "Hello Central, get me Underwood-342." Connecting through operators or "Central" was the norm until mechanical direct-dialing of numbers became more common in the 1920s.
In rural areas with magneto crank telephones connected to party lines, the local phone number consisted of the line number plus the ringing pattern of the subscriber. To dial a number such as "3R122" meant making a request to the operator the third party line (if making a call off your own local one), followed by turning the telephone's crank once, a short pause, then twice and twice again. Also common was a code of long and short rings, so one party's call might be signaled by two longs and another's by two longs followed by a short. It was not uncommon to have over a dozen ring cadences (and subscribers) on one line.
In the most areas of North America, telephone numbers in metropolitan communities consisted of a combination of digits and letters, starting in the 1920s until the 1960s. Letters were translated to dialed digits, a mapping that was displayed directly on the telephone dial. Each of the digits 2 to 9, and sometimes 0, corresponded to a group of typically three letters. The leading two or three letters of a telephone number indicated the exchange name, for example, "ED"gewood and "IV"anhoe, and were followed by 5 or 4 digits. In the UK, exchanges in the major cities with Director installations were represented by three letters followed by four numbers; the letters usually represented the name of the exchange area, e.g., MAYfair, WATerloo, or something memorable about the locality (e.g., POPesgrove — an area where Alexander Pope once lived). This was considered easier to remember, although in London in the later part of this period it required the memorization of 7 characters (roughly the same number of characters as is usual for local calling in 2008). A word would represent the first two digits to be dialed, for example "TWinbrook" for "89" ; "BYwater" for "29". UK numbers had no letters at all except for those in the Director areas, where the first three of the seven digits were assigned letters, and written "ABBey 1234" or "WHItehall 1212", for example. The limitations that these system presented in terms of usable names that were easy to distinguish and spell, and the need for a comprehensive numbering plan that enabled direct-distance dialing, led to the introduction of all-number dialing in the 1960s.
The use of numbers starting in 555- (KLondike-5) to represent fictional numbers in U.S. movies, television, and literature originated in this period. The "555" prefix was reserved for telephone company use and was only consistently used for directory assistance (information), being "555-1212" for the local area. An attempt to dial a 555 number from a movie in the real world will always result in an error message when dialed from a phone in the United States. This reduces the likelihood of nuisance calls. Also, QUincy(5-5555) was used, because there was no Q available.
Phone numbers were traditionally tied down to a single location; because exchanges were "hard-wired", the first three digits of any number were tied to the geographic location of the exchange.
Alphanumeric telephone numbers.
Because the switches were hard-wired together and fairly hard to re-wire (or "re-grade"), telephone exchange buildings in many larger cities in North America were dedicated to circuits that began with the first two or three digits of the standard 7 digit phone numbers. In a holdover from the days of plug-board exchanges, the exchanges were typically named with a name whose first two letters translated to the digits of the exchange's prefix on a common telephone dial. Examples: CAstle (22), TRinity (87), MUtual (68), and KLondike (55). Certain number combinations were not amenable to this naming process, such as "57," "95" and "97". It was in part due to this factor that telephone exchange names were finally abandoned, since more numbers were needed to prevent a given area code.
In the past, the first two or three digits could be represented by a mnemonic exchange name, e.g., 869-1234 was formerly TOwnsend 9-1234, and before that (in some localities) might have been TOWnsend 1234 (only the capital letters and numbers being dialed) or it could have been TOwnsend 1234 (86-1234)
In December 1930, New York City became the first city in the United States to adopt the two-letter, five-number format. It remained alone in this respect until well after World War II, when other municipalities across the country began to follow suit. From the 1920s through the 1950s, most larger American cities used the Bell System standard format of two letters which began the exchange name followed by four numbers, as in DUnkirk 0799. Prior to the mid-1950s, the number immediately following the name could never be a "0" or "1" - indeed, "0" was never pressed into service at all, except in the immediate Los Angeles area. (The "Bensonhurst 0" exchange mentioned in an episode of the former TV sitcom "The Honeymooners" was a fictitious one.)
In 1955, the Bell System attempted to standardize the process of naming exchanges by issuing a "recommended list" of names to be used for the various number combinations. In 1961, the New York Telephone Company introduced "selected-letter" exchanges, in which the two letters did not mark the start of any particular name (example: LT 1-7777, once the number of the main switchboard at ABC
), and by 1965 all newly connected phone numbers nationwide consisted of numerals only. (Wichita Falls, Texas, had been the first locality in the United States to implement the latter, having done so in 1958.) Pre-existing numbers continued to be displayed the old way in many places well into the 1970s. For example Boushelle, a company outside Chicago, still uses HUdson3-2700 in their commercials.
Because the pulses from a rotary dial (as used to operate switches in a Strowger exchange) took time, having a phone number with lots of 8s, 9s, or 0s meant it took longer to dial the number. The phone companies typically assigned such "high" numbers to pay phones because they were rarely dialed to.
In popular culture.
Fictitious telephone numbers are often used in films and on television to avoid real numbers being called by viewers.
The "555" (or Klondike-5) exchange was never assigned any real numbers (with limited exceptions such as 555-1212 for directory assistance), which is why today's TV and movie shows use 555-xxxx numbers for their phone numbers (previously, such productions often used numbers that ended in certain four-number combinations that were typically set aside for similar uses — "0079" on the West Coast and "9970" in many other places; examples include the TV series "Perry Mason" and the 1948 film "Sorry, Wrong Number"). "Klondike-5" was also heard in the "Perry Mason" show and in "Seinfeld".
That way there was no possibility that a fake number from a show would actually reach someone, thus avoiding the scenario which arose in 1982 with Tommy Tutone's hit song "867-5309/Jenny". This song led to many customers who actually had that number receiving a plethora of unwanted calls. In fact, many American phone companies either no longer assign this number, or they have relegated it to internal testing purposes. As of early August 2009, (267) 867-5309, which is assigned to the suburban Philadelphia area, was being auctioned on eBay. Bidding was in excess of $5,000 USD. Other songs include Squeeze's "853-5937", and The B-52's "6060-842".
However, today only numbers beginning with 555-01xx are reserved for fiction and other 555-numbers can be allocated to "information providers". A side effect of the fictional-number pool being reduced to 100 numbers is that the same ones now often recur in different movies or TV shows. The "958" and "959" prefixes are reserved for telephone engineering test purposes in most localities, and as a result very few individuals or businesses have telephone numbers beginning with those sets of digits either (although this fact is not as well known, so no such numbers have been used in a fictional context).
The number in the Glenn Miller Orchestra's hit song "Pennsylvania 6-5000" is the number of the Hotel Pennsylvania in New York City, and was issued in 1919. The number is now written as (212) 736-5000. According to the hotel's website, Pennsylvania 6-5000 is New York's oldest continually assigned telephone number, and possibly the oldest continuously-assigned number in the world.
In 2003, the movie "Bruce Almighty" originally featured a number that did not have the 555 prefix. In the movie, God (Morgan Freeman) left the number for Bruce Nolan (Jim Carrey) to call if he needed God's help. According to Universal Studios, which produced the movie, the number it used was picked because it did not exist in Buffalo, New York where the movie was set. However, the number "did" exist in other cities, resulting in customers having that number receiving random calls from people asking for God. While some played along with the gag, others found the calls aggravating. The number was reportedly changed when the movie was released on DVD. Martin Scorsese's "After Hours" contains a working phone number in it, 243-3460, but no area code is explicitly given.
In the Disney film "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes", a 247 number was given to a pay phone. This was because the writer of the script, Joe McEveety, used his own number in the film. In a scene from another Disney film, "Bolt", the number (877) 504-8423 is seen printed on a flyer. The number is reserved by ABC, as evidenced by the brief recorded message heard when the number is called, which reads "Thank you for calling ABC. The number you have reached is a fictional non-working number used for motion picture and television production."
The 1995 film "Heat" contains phone numbers for pay phones that have 1 as the first digit. One such number, for a pay phone read by Danny Trejo's character to Robert De Niro's, is 103-7206.
United Kingdom.
In the UK, letters were assigned to numbers in a similar fashion as in North America, except that the letter O was allocated to the digit 0 (zero); digit 6 had only M and N. The letter Q was later added to the zero position on British dials in anticipation of direct international dialing to Paris which commenced in 1963. This was necessary because French dials already had Q on the zero position, and there were exchange names in the Paris region which contained the letter Q.
Most of the United Kingdom had no lettered telephone dials until the introduction of "Subscriber Trunk Dialing" (STD) in 1958. Prior to that time, only the director areas (Birmingham, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Liverpool, London and Manchester) and the adjacent non-director areas had the lettered dials; the director exchanges used the three-letter, four-number format. With the introduction of trunk dialing, the need for all callers to be able to dial numbers with letters in them led to the much more widespread use of lettered dials. The need for dials with letters was finally abandoned with the conversion to all-digit numbering in 1968.
Intercepted number.
In the middle 20th century in North America when a call could not be completed, for example because the phone number was not assigned, had been disconnected, or was experiencing technical difficulties, the call was routed to an intercept operator who informed the caller. In the 1970s this service was converted to Automatic Intercept Systems which automatically choose and present an appropriate intercept message. Disconnected numbers are reassigned to new users after the rate of calls to them declines.
Outside of North America, operator intercept was rare, and in most cases calls to unassigned or disconnected numbers would result in a recorded message or number-unobtainable tone being returned to the caller.

</doc>
<doc id="18790469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790469" title="Bichiș">
Bichiș

Bichiş (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bichiş, Gâmbuţ ("Gombostelke"), Nandra ("Lándor") and Ozd ("Magyarózd").

</doc>
<doc id="18790472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790472" title="Beica de Jos">
Beica de Jos

Beica de Jos (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Beica de Jos, Beica de Sus ("Felsőbölkény"), Căcuciu ("Görgénykakucs"), Nadăşa ("Görgénynádas"), Sânmihai de Pădure ("Szentmihály") and Şerbeni ("Soropháza").

</doc>
<doc id="18790474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790474" title="Băla">
Băla

Băla (Hungarian: "Bala"; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Băla and Ercea ("Nagyercse"; "Groß-Ertschen").

</doc>
<doc id="18790488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790488" title="Băgaciu">
Băgaciu

Băgaciu (in Hungarian Szászbogács, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Băgaciu and Deleni ("Magyarsáros").

</doc>
<doc id="18790493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790493" title="Batoș">
Batoș

Batoş (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Batoş, Dedrad ("Dedrád"; "Zepling"), Goreni ("Dedrádszéplak"; "Ungarisch Zepling") and Uila ("Vajola"; "Weilau").

</doc>
<doc id="18790497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790497" title="Bahnea">
Bahnea

Bahnea (; Hungarian pronunciation: , until 1898 "Szászbonyha"; German: "Bachnen") is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bahnea, Bernadea ("Bernád"), Cund ("Kund"; "Reussdorf"), Daia ("Dányán"), Gogan ("Gógán"), Idiciu ("Jövedics") and Lepindea ("Leppend").
At the 2011 census, 35.1% of inhabitants were Roma, 33.3% Romanians and 30.8% Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="18790498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790498" title="Ațintiș">
Ațintiș

Aţintiş (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Aţintiş, Botez ("Batizháza"), Cecălaca ("Csekelaka"), Iştihaza ("Istvánháza"), Maldaoci ("Madavölgytanya") and Sâniacob ("Marosszentjakab").

</doc>
<doc id="18790508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790508" title="Apold">
Apold

Apold () is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Apold, Daia ("Denndorf"; "Dálya" or "Szászdálya"), Şaeş ("Schaas"; "Segesd") and Vulcan ("Volkány").

</doc>
<doc id="18790509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790509" title="Aluniș, Mureș">
Aluniș, Mureș

Aluniş ( ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Aluniş, Fiţcău ("Fickópataka") and Lunca Mureşului ("Holtmaros").

</doc>
<doc id="18790513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790513" title="Bettini">
Bettini

Bettini is a surname of Italian origin and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790515" title="Albești, Mureș">
Albești, Mureș

Albeşti (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of nine villages: Albeşti, Bârlibăşoaia ("Barlabástanya"), Boiu ("Bún"), Jacu ("Oláhzsákod"), Şapartoc ("Sárpatak", "Muddy River"), Ţopa ("Alsóbún"), Valea Albeştiului ("Sárpataki út"), Valea Dăii ("Határpatak") and Valea Şapartocului ("Sárpatakivölgy").

</doc>
<doc id="18790520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790520" title="Midget Wolgast">
Midget Wolgast

Joseph Robert Loscalzo, known professionally as Midget Wolgast (1910-07-18, Philadelphia, PA — 1955-10-19) was a world flyweight boxing champion.
Personal.
Wolgast's father fought professionally as Mickey Williams.
Professional career.
Wolgast turned pro in 1925 and was considered one of the fastest boxers of his time. Wolgast defeated Black Bill for the vacant New York State Athletic Commission world flyweight title in 1930.
Honors.
Wolgast has been elected to the IBHOF and the Helms Boxing Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18790525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790525" title="SCR-658 radar">
SCR-658 radar

The SCR-658 radar was developed in conjunction with the SCR-268 radar. It was preceded by the SCR-258. Its primary purpose was to track weather balloons. Prior to this it was only possible to track weather balloons with a theodolite, causing difficulty with visual tracking in poor weather conditions. The set is small enough to be portable and carried in a Ben Hur trailer.
Surviving examples.
There is one known survivor at the Air Force museum in Dayton Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="18790530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790530" title="Deda, Mureș">
Deda, Mureș

Deda (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bistra Mureşului ("Dédabisztra"), Deda, Filea ("Füleháza") and Pietriş ("Maroskövesd").
Location.
The commune is situated at the feet of the Călimani Mountains, at the point where the Mureş River exits a gorge beginning at Topliţa. The Casele Creek flows in the town into the Mureş. Deda is an important railway junction, linking the Târgu Mureş line with the line connecting Braşov and Dej.
History.
The village of Deda was first documented in 1393, under its current name.
Population.
In 2002 the commune numbered 4,332 inhabitants, including 4,001 ethnic Romanians, 68 ethnic Hungarians, 261 Roma and two people of other nationalities.

</doc>
<doc id="18790534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790534" title="Charles H. Bigelow">
Charles H. Bigelow

Charles H. Bigelow (died April 15, 1862) of Lowell, Massachusetts was a 19th-century architect. Bigelow was a graduate of West Point, ranking second in the class of 1835. He married Harriet Briggs, daughter of the late Massachusetts Governor George N. Briggs. He died in New Bedford, Massachusetts April 15, 1862. On March 31, 1847, Bigelow was one of a group of influential citizens in Lawrence, Massachusetts that founded and chartered the Franklin Library Association, now the Lawrence Free Library. Bigelow was the Association's first president.
Career.
Bigelow was the chief engineer of the Pemberton Mill, the collapse of which "is likely the worst industrial accident in Massachusetts history" and "one of the worst industrial calamities in American history". According to one account:
Jesse Glover, overseer of repairs testified at the inquest that he had always considered the building weak. John B. Tuttle, superintendent of brick work testified that he had complained to the architect, Bigelow, that he thought the walls were insufficient. Mr. Bigelow in turn blamed the owners. Bigelow said that it was the owners who were responsible for all the purchasing and the approval of the iron castings.
Bigelow also worked as a consultant on the Augusta Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18790535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790535" title="Daneș">
Daneș

Daneş in (Hungarian: "Dános", Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania, near Sighişoara. It is composed of four villages: Criş, Daneş, Seleuş and Stejărenii.

</doc>
<doc id="18790546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790546" title="Yann Richter">
Yann Richter

Yann Richter-Du Pasquier (April 4, 1928 Hauterive, Neuchâtel - July 20, 2008 Neuchâtel, Switzerland) was a Swiss politician who served as the first President of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP) from 1978 until 1984.
Richter died of heart disease on July 20, 2008, in Neuchâtel, Switzerland, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="18790564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790564" title="Cuci, Mureș">
Cuci, Mureș

Cuci (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cuci, Dătăşeni ("Marosdátos"), După Deal ("Hegymegett"), Orosia ("Marosoroszi") and Petrilaca ("Oláhpéterlaka").
Demographics.
According to the census from 2002 there were 2,200 people living in the commune. Of this population, 78.77% are ethnic Romanians, 14.22% are ethnic Hungarians, 6.90% ethnic Romani and 0.09% Germans.

</doc>
<doc id="18790573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790573" title="Dale R. Sprankle">
Dale R. Sprankle

Dale R. Sprankle (August 4, 1898 – November 11, 1963) was a sports coach and athletic director at both Adrian College and Albion College in Michigan. Over the course of his 35-year career, Sprankle won 23 Michigan Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MIAA) conference championships in four sports, making him one of the winningest coaches in that conference's history.
Early life.
Dale R. Sprankle was born on August 4, 1898 in Beach City, OH. He was the younger brother of LeRoy Sprankle, who would also become an athletics icon, most notably in Eastern Tennessee and South Florida. At the age of 12, his family moved to Canton, OH where he participated in athletics and attended high school. Upon graduation, Sprankle completed his education at the nearby Mount Union College.
Coaching career.
In 1923, Sprankle was hired as the director of physical education (athletic director) at Adrian College in Adrian, MI. From 1923 to 1936, he was the head coach of basketball, cross country, football, and track and field at the college, compiling a 55-51-8 record in football and a .516 winning percentage in basketball. In 1936, he left to become the assistant athletic director and head coach of cross country, football, and indoor and outdoor track at Albion College. Five years later, Sprankle was promoted to athletic director, the position from which he served at the college until his retirement in 1958. Over the course of the 22 years he coached at Albion, his teams won 23 MIAA championships which is currently tied for 7th all-time in that conference. In the nine seasons that he coached football, between 1936 and 1946, the team went 36-33-4 and won two MIAA championships. In indoor track, Sprankle coached the team for five years and won MIAA championships in each. His outdoor track team also had great success, winning six MIAA championships over the course of eight years. Sprankle's greatest success, however, came with the cross country team which won 10 MIAA championships in his 12 years of coaching it from 1947-58. In 1958, due to declining health, he retired from his position, but still kept up a close relationship with the school. Dale R. Sprankle died on November 11, 1963 at the age of 65 of a four year illness. His legacy lives on however. In 1976, the football stadium at Albion College was officially renamed Sprankle-Sprandel Stadium in honor of the school's two greatest sports coaches. Thirteen years later, in 1989, Dale R. Sprankle was officially inducted into the Albion College Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18790575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790575" title="Carex festucacea">
Carex festucacea

Carex festucacea or fescue sedge is a species of sedge that lives in eastern North America. It has been described as "a soft, gray green, wisp, to 2', with narrow leaves and somewhat taller stems, topped by an interrupted spike, with lower spikelets, shaped a bit like an overflowing ice cream cone. The spike axis is often arched at the summit, but the alternating spikelets around the axis create a zig zag appearance. The seed sacs have a humped shoulder."

</doc>
<doc id="18790576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790576" title="Viva Cuca">
Viva Cuca

Viva Cuca is the fifth disc "Cuca", and first recorded completely live, after an absence of 10 years, this record features the best songs of La Cuca. Cuca gave surprise, recorded live at "La Concha acoustic" park "Agua Azul Park" of Guadalajara, Jalisco, May 14 15, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18790579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790579" title="Crăiești">
Crăiești

Crăieşti (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Crăieşti, Lefaia ("Lefája"), Milăşel ("Kisnyulas") and Nima Milăşelului ("Kisnyulasi Néma").

</doc>
<doc id="18790583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790583" title="Cucerdea">
Cucerdea

Cucerdea (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bord ("Bord"), Cucerdea and Şeulia de Mureş ("Oláhsályi").

</doc>
<doc id="18790588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790588" title="Crăciunești">
Crăciunești

Crăciuneşti (Hungarian: "Nyárádkarácson"; Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Budiu Mic ("Hagymásbodon"), Ciba ("Csiba"), Cinta ("Fintaháza"), Corneşti ("Somosd"), Crăciuneşti, Foi ("Folyfalva"), Nicoleşti ("Káposztásszentmiklós") and Tirimioara ("Kisteremi"). Ciba, Foi and Nicoleşti were established in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18790595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790595" title="Cozma, Mureș">
Cozma, Mureș

Cozma (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Cozma, Fânaţele Socolului ("Szénaszokol"), Socolu de Câmpie ("Mezőszokol"), Valea Sasului ("Szászvölgye") and Valea Ungurului ("Magyarvölgye").

</doc>
<doc id="18790597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790597" title="La Fiebre del Loco">
La Fiebre del Loco

La Fiebre del Loco "(The Crazy Man's Fever" in Spanish) is a 2001 Chilean comedy.
Plot.
The film is about infighting between visiting prostitutes and fishermen's wives in a small fishing village in rural Southern Chile that has become greedy and crazy for Chilean abalone. In Spanish the word "loco" has the dual meaning of Chilean abalone and crazy. The film's tagline was ""Amor y avaricia en un mundo de buzos y moluscos"" (Spanish for: Love and greed in a world of scuba and mollusks). The film's title in German was "Das Loco-Fieber" and English "Loco Fever". In the film all hell breaks loose when the Chilean government temporarily lifts the ban on the collection of the Chilean abalone, a mollusk with aphrodisiacal effects.
Technical information.
Realization and demonstration, on October 29, 2001, of the first digital cinema transmission by satellite in Europe of a feature film ("La Fiebre del Loco") by Bernard Pauchon and Philippe Binant.

</doc>
<doc id="18790600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790600" title="Coroisânmărtin">
Coroisânmărtin

Coroisânmărtin (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Coroi ("Kóród"), Coroisânmărtin, Odrihei ("Vámosudvarhely") and Şoimuş ("Küküllősolymos").

</doc>
<doc id="18790601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790601" title="Owen Moran">
Owen Moran

Owen Moran (born 4 October 1884 in Birmingham, England - died 17 March 1949) was a world Bantamweight boxing champion.
Professional career.
Known as "The Fearless", Moran is recognized by some historians as a former world bantamweight champion. During his career, Moran knocked out former lightweight king Battling Nelson and also fought boxing greats Packey McFarland, Harlem Tommy Murphy and Charley White. Moran retired in 1916 with over 100 fights.
Death.
Moran died March 17, 1949 in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="18790604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790604" title="Chiheru de Jos">
Chiheru de Jos

Chiheru de Jos (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Chiheru de Jos, Chiheru de Sus ("Felsőköhér"), Urisiu de Jos ("Alsóoroszi") and Urisiu de Sus ("Felsőoroszi").
Demographics.
The commune has absolute ethnic Romanian majority. According to the 2002 Census it has a population of 1744 of which 93.92% or 1638 are Romanians. Other minorities are Hungarians (0.51%), Roma (5.50%) and Italians (0.05%).

</doc>
<doc id="18790605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790605" title="Breaza, Mureș">
Breaza, Mureș

Breaza (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Breaza, Filpişu Mare ("Magyarfülpös"; "Ungarisch-Phelpsdorf") and Filpişu Mic ("Kisfülpös").

</doc>
<doc id="18790606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790606" title="System Tazvida">
System Tazvida

Funuel Tazvida, best known as System Tazvida, was a Zimbabwean musician very popular in his home country mainly in the 1990s, though not as well known internationally. Tazvida wrote and performed songs mainly in his native Shona tongue. 
Tazvida was best known for his hits "Anodyiwa Haataure" and "Mushandi Ndimambo". However, it was his 1993 hit "Rudo Tsika Nemagariro" which propelled him to national stardom.
Tazvida had played with various bands including the Khiama Boys, the Mabhauwa Express and the Sungura Boys before he formed the Chazezesa Challengers. The Challengers included his brother Peter on bass, a former member of Nyami Nyami Sounds, guitarist LeeRoy Lunga, who had played with the Super Sounds and the Kasongo Band, and Lucky Mumiriki as percussionist, who had played with the Hurungwe Sounds and the Sungura Boys.
The band blended elements of sungura, jazz, South African mbaqanga and traditional music. They recorded several successful albums in the mid-to-late 1990s, their first being Rudo Tsika Nemagariro, which sold more than 20,000 copies. Their album Mutunhu Unemago sold more than 30,000 copies. Popular songs included Anodyiwa Haature, Mabhauwa, and Vaforomani. They were also popular in Mozambique, and toured there.
The band experienced two deaths in quick succession, as drummer Wezhira Shoko and talismanic leader System Tazvida both died near the turn of the millennium. The group has continued without System and Wezhira. Since their deaths they have produced three albums, including the tribute record Panopfungaira Pane Moto in honour of their former leader. The band assumed a new name, Boyz dzeSmoko, in which "Smoko" is an acronym for "simple music of Kanindo origin", the name Tazvida gave to his style of music. System's successor and younger brother Peter died in 2002. The group continued under the leadership of Lee Roy Lunga and released their twelfth album, Smoko Pachena/Chabvondoka, in December 2002.
System is survived by his children daughter Nyari and son Happyson Gondo

</doc>
<doc id="18790607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790607" title="Earl Hofmann">
Earl Hofmann

Earl Hofmann March 11 1928 -September 29, 1992 was one of Baltimore's realist artists who studied with and assisted Jacques Maroger at the Maryland Institute College of Art. He was a major part of the Baltimore art scene of the mid-20th century. Hofmann also taught at the Maryland Institute College of Art, and Saint Mary's College in Saint Mary's City, Maryland.
Art career.
Earl Hofmann was born on March 11, 1928 in Baltimore, Maryland. He started painting at the age of 12 and continued to develop his interest in art throughout his teenage years. Hofmann graduated Forest Park High School. After serving in the Marines he attended Maryland Institute College of Art where he studied and assisted Jacques Maroger until Maroger's death. In 1961, he and a group of Baltimore painters founded the Maroger Group and the Six Realists. Earl Hofmann was a respected teacher at Boys Latin School, the Baltimore County Public Schools, Charles County Community College, St. Mary's College of Maryland, and private classes. Hofmann painted and exhibited portraits, street scenes, still life, liturgical images, fantasy scenes, and murals, for individuals, commercial enterprises, churches, courthouses, and schools. The painting, "Jean Betty" is located in the Saint Mary's County Governmental Center. A mural featuring Historic Saint Mary's City in a timeline from the early 17th century to the late 20th century is part of a Smithsonian collection in the Saint Mary's City Visitor Center. Murals and paintings by Earl Hofmann are on display in many places in Baltimore such as, Mercy Medical Center, St. Ignatius Church, St. Joseph Monastery, and the Basilica of Assumption. Earl Hofmann won many art awards and became part of the New York City art scene at a young age. He won an award and representation at the Grand Central Art Galleries in 1951 in a juried competition which was judged by Edward Hopper. Hofmann informally studied with and assisted Reginald Marsh during the early 1950s. He was a frequent exhibitor at the Peale Museum in Baltimore, the Corcoran Gallery of Art Biennial, the Venice Biennial, the Guggenheim Traveling Exhibition, the Butler Institute of American Art, and the International Institute of Arts and Letters.
Personal Life.
Earl Hofmann married Jean Nordstrom in 1949, and had four children in Baltimore, Maryland. They lived in Bolton Hill, a neighborhood that included the Maryland Institute College of Art and many other artist residents. The family moved to Saint Mary's County, in Southern Maryland when Hofmann was appointed artist-in-residence at St. Mary's College of Maryland in 1971. Earl and Jean Hofmann lived in a house and studio they built in Hollywood, Maryland, not far from Leonardtown, Maryland. From 1970s to the early 1990s, Earl taught numerous students and continued painting, drawing and sculpting in Southern Maryland. He became ill with lung cancer and died on September 29, 1992. In 1992, the Hofmann family started a company called Pontifex Inc., which prepared and sold Earl Hofmann's formula of the Maroger Italian Medium.

</doc>
<doc id="18790612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790612" title="Brâncovenești, Mureș">
Brâncovenești, Mureș

Brâncovenești (formerly "Ieciu" and "Delavrancea"; , Hungarian pronunciation: or "Vécs"; ) is a commune in Mureș County, Romania.
The commune is composed of five villages: Brâncovenești, Idicel ("Idecspatak"), Idicel-Pădure ("Erdőidecs"), Săcalu de Pădure ("Erdőszakál") and Vălenii de Mureș ("Disznajó").
Within its area is the castle Marosvécs, which is the only castle to survive the Mongol Invasion of Hungary in 1241-42. At the time, it was referred to as Vécs. It guarded the salt mines of Gömör.

</doc>
<doc id="18790632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790632" title="Sânpaul, Mureș">
Sânpaul, Mureș

Sânpaul (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Chirileu ("Kerelő"), Dileu Nou ("Magyardellő"), Sânmărghita ("Mezőszentmargita"), Sânpaul and Valea Izvoarelor ("Búzásbesenyő").

</doc>
<doc id="18790635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790635" title="Ogra">
Ogra

Ogra ( or colloquially "Ugra", pronounced: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Dileu Vechi ("Oláhdellő"), Giuluş ("Gyulas"), Lăscud ("Lackod"), Ogra and Vaideiu ("Mezőújfalu").

</doc>
<doc id="18790636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790636" title="Nadeș">
Nadeș

Nadeş (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureș County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Măgheruș ("Küküllőmagyarós"), Nadeș, Pipea ("Pipe") and Țigmandru ("Cikmántor").

</doc>
<doc id="18790642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790642" title="USS Tuluran (AG-46)">
USS Tuluran (AG-46)

USS "Tuluran" (AG-46) – also known as USS "Lake Superior" (ID-2995) – was a commercial cargo ship acquired by the U.S. Navy for service during both World War I, when she was known as USS "Lake Superior", and also during World War II, when she was known as USS "Tuluran".
Constructed in Ohio in 1917.
"Anna Shafer"—a cargo ship built in 1917 at Toledo, Ohio, by the Toledo Shipbuilding Co. and renamed "Tuluran" on 6 May 1942—was acquired by the Navy through the War Shipping Administration and designated "AG-46" on 16 October 1942; completed conversion at the General Engineering & Drydock Co., Alameda, California, on 8 December 1942; and commissioned at San Francisco, California, on 11 December 1942, Lt. F. G. Isbell, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Three days later, "Tuluran" joined the U.S. Pacific Fleet Service Force. On Christmas Eve, the ship stood out of San Francisco, bound for the South Pacific Ocean. After stopping at Pearl Harbor from 6 January to 22 February 1943, "Tuluran" continued on to Samoa, arriving in Tutuila on the 28th. She operated at Samoa for the next nine months before departing Tutuila on 26 November bound for the United States. After a one-day stop at Pearl Harbor on 11 December, she continued on to San Diego, California, where she arrived on 23 December. For the next four months, "Tuluran" underwent an extensive overhaul.
On 19 April 1944, "Tuluran" departed the U.S. West Coast to return to the South Pacific Ocean and duty shuttling cargo between bases in the rear areas of the war zone. She stopped at Pearl Harbor from 29 April to 2 May and returned to Tutuila on 13 May. 
This time, however, she only remained overnight and, the following day, resumed her voyage. The cargo ship reached the New Hebrides Islands on the 21st. Eight days later, "Tuluran" departed Espiritu Santo to deliver cargo to the southern Solomon Islands. She reached Guadalcanal on 5 June and remained there until the 20th when she headed back to the New Hebrides, arriving at Espiritu Santo on 3 July. She remained until early August when she moved to the New Guinea area where she operated from 17 August until the beginning of October, when she steamed via Espiritu Santo to the Solomons. After serving at Guadalcanal until mid-November, the ship made her first voyage to the Central Pacific.
Following visits to Saipan in the Mariana Islands and to Peleliu in the Palau Islands, she returned to the southwestern Pacific in mid-December. She visited the Russell Islands subgroup in the Solomons from 17 to 19 December and spent a month at Nouméa, New Caledonia, from 24 December 1944 to 24 January 1945, before returning to Espiritu Santo on the 27th. She departed the New Hebrides once more on 19 February and headed back to the Solomon Islands, where she operated for the next two months. During that tour of duty, she returned to Guadalcanal first and then visited the Treasury Islands subgroup, Bougainville, the Green Islands, and the Russell Islands again as well as making a side trip to Emirau Island.
On 3 April, the cargo ship departed the Russell subgroup and headed back to the Central Pacific. For the remainder of the war, "Tuluran" carried cargo between the American bases and anchorages established at various atolls in the Marshall Islands, the Caroline Islands, and the Mariana Islands. Her itinerary over the last five months of the war included Eniwetok, Ulithi, Peleliu, Guam, and Saipan. On 8 August, a week before the cessation of hostilities, "Tuluran" stood out of Eniwetok bound for Hawaii. Japan capitulated a week before the ship arrived in Pearl Harbor. "Tuluran" spent three days at Oahu and then continued her voyage east on 24 August.
Post-war dispositioning.
On 3 September, she entered San Francisco; and, on 20 December 1945, "Tuluran" was decommissioned. She was stripped of usable materiel at Mare Island Naval Shipyard. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 8 January 1946, and the Commandant, 12th Naval District, turned her over to the U.S. Maritime Commission for final disposition on 1 July 1946. On 26 December, she was sold to the American Iron & Metal Company and subsequently scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="18790650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790650" title="Miheșu de Câmpie">
Miheșu de Câmpie

Miheşu de Câmpie (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bujor ("Kendeffytanya"), Cirhagău ("Cserhágó"), Groapa Rădăii ("Laposdülőtanya"), Miheşu de Câmpie, Mogoaia, Răzoare ("Mezővelkér"), Şăuliţa ("Kissályi") and Ştefanca.

</doc>
<doc id="18790693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790693" title="Mica, Mureș">
Mica, Mureș

Mica (, Hungarian pronunciation: ; ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Abuş ("Abosfalva"; "Abtsdorf"), Căpâlna de Sus ("Felsőkápolna"), Ceuaş ("Szászcsávás"), Deaj ("Désfalva"), Hărănglab ("Harangláb"), Mica and Şomoştelnic ("Somostelke").
History.
It formed part of the Székely Land region of the historical Transylvania province. Until 1918, the village belonged to the Maros-Torda County of the Kingdom of Hungary. After the Treaty of Trianon of 1920, it became part of Romania. 
Villages.
Abuş.
Abuş is situated 9 kilometers away from Târnăveni, on the county road DJ 142, and on the railway from Blaj-Târnăveni-Praid. It was first attested in a document in 1361 with the name "Obusfaolua" (Abosfalva). In 1910 it had 460 people, and according to the 1992 census it had 358 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18790699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790699" title="Lunca Bradului">
Lunca Bradului

Lunca Bradului (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Lunca Bradului, Neagra ("Nyágra") and Sălard ("Szalárd").
The left tributaries Ghiorfaş Creek and Schwartz River and right tributary Bisericii Creek flow into the Mureş at the village.

</doc>
<doc id="18790701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790701" title="Lunca, Mureș">
Lunca, Mureș

Lunca (; Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Băiţa ("Mezőbanyica"), Frunzeni ("Mezőharasztos"), Logig ("Szászludvég"), Lunca and Sântu ("Mezőszentandrás").

</doc>
<doc id="18790704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790704" title="Ideciu de Jos">
Ideciu de Jos

Ideciu de Jos (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Deleni ("Oroszidecs"), Ideciu de Jos and Ideciu de Sus ("Felsőidecs").

</doc>
<doc id="18790705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790705" title="Iclănzel">
Iclănzel

Iclănzel (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of eleven villages: Căpuşu de Câmpie ("Mezőkapus"), Chisăliţa ("Tyiszelica"), După Deal ("Völgyön-túl"), Fânaţe ("Szénafű"), Fânaţele Căpuşului ("Úriszénafű"), Ghidaşteu ("Gidástó"), Iclandu Mare ("Nagyikland"), Iclănzel, Mădărăşeni ("Hirtopa"), Tăblăşeni ("Lekenceiforduló") and Valea Iclandului ("Iklándivölgy").

</doc>
<doc id="18790710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790710" title="Ibănești, Mureș">
Ibănești, Mureș

Ibăneşti (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Blidireasa ("Blidirászaházcsoport"), Brădeţelu ("Disznópatak"), Dulcea ("Dulcsa"), Ibăneşti, Ibăneşti-Pădure ("Erdőlibánfalva"), Lăpuşna ("Laposnyatelep"), Pârâu Mare ("Sziródrész"), Tireu ("Tyiró"), Tisieu ("Tyiszó") and Zimţi ("Zimc").
At the 2002 census, 99.6% of inhabitants were Romanians and 0.3% Hungarians. 90.3% were Romanian Orthodox, 5.8% Greek-Catholic, 2.3% Seventh-day Adventist, 0.7% Pentecostal and 0.4% Baptist.

</doc>
<doc id="18790713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790713" title="Hodac">
Hodac

Hodac (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Arşiţa ("Ársica"), Bicaşu ("Bikás"), Dubiştea de Pădure ("Erdődubiste"), Hodac, Mirigioaia ("Mirigalja"), Toaca ("Toka") and Uricea ("Uricse").

</doc>
<doc id="18790714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790714" title="Gurghiu, Mureș">
Gurghiu, Mureș

Gurghiu (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureș County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Adrian ("Görgényadorján"), Cașva ("Kásva"), Comori ("Kincsesfő"), Fundoaia ("Kásvavölgy"), Glăjărie ("Görgényüvegcsűr"), Gurghiu, Larga ("Lárgatelep"), Orșova ("Görgényorsova"), Orșova-Pădure ("Szécs") and Păuloaia ("Pálpatak").

</doc>
<doc id="18790717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790717" title="Grebenișu de Câmpie">
Grebenișu de Câmpie

Grebenişu de Câmpie (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Grebenişu de Câmpie, Leorinţa ("Lőrinci") and Valea Sânpetrului ("Szentpéterivölgy").

</doc>
<doc id="18790723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790723" title="Gănești">
Gănești

Găneşti (, Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Găneşti, Păucişoara ("Küküllőpócsfalva"), Seuca ("Szőkefalva") and Sub Pădure ("Erdőalja"). It also included Cuştelnic village until 2002, when it was transferred to Târnăveni city.

</doc>
<doc id="18790725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790725" title="Fărăgău">
Fărăgău

Fărăgău (Hungarian: "Faragó", Hungarian pronunciation: ) is a commune in Mureş County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Fărăgău, Fânaţe ("Fönácé"), Hodaia ("Telekytanya"), Onuca ("Unoka"), Poarta ("Körtekapu") and Tonciu ("Tancs").

</doc>
<doc id="18790726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790726" title="High-pressure electrolysis">
High-pressure electrolysis

High-pressure electrolysis (HPE) is the electrolysis of water by decomposition of water (H2O) into oxygen (O2) and hydrogen gas (H2) due to the passing of an electric current through the water. The difference with a standard proton exchange membrane electrolyzer is the compressed hydrogen output around at 70 °C. By pressurising the hydrogen in the electrolyser the need for an external hydrogen compressor is eliminated, the average energy consumption for internal differential pressure compression is around 3%.
Approaches.
As the required compression power for water is less than that for hydrogen-gas the water is pumped up to a high-pressure, in the other approach differential pressure is used.
There is also an importance for the electrolyser stacks to be able to accept a fluctuating electrical input, such as that found with renewable energy. This then enables the ability to help with grid balancing and energy storage.
Ultrahigh-pressure electrolysis.
Ultrahigh-pressure electrolysis is high-pressure electrolysis operating at . At ultra-high pressures the water solubility and cross-permeation across the membrane of H2 and O2 is affecting hydrogen purity, modified PEMs are used to reduce cross-permeation in combination with catalytic H2/O2 recombiners to maintain H2 levels in O2 and O2 levels in H2 at values compatible with hydrogen safety requirements.
Research.
The US DOE believes that high-pressure electrolysis, supported by ongoing research and development, will contribute to the enabling and acceptance of technologies where hydrogen is the energy carrier between renewable energy resources and clean energy consumers.
High-pressure electrolysis is being investigated by the DOE for efficient production of hydrogen from water. The target total in 2005 is $4.75 per gge H2 at an efficiency of 64%. The total goal for the DOE in 2010 is $2.85 per gge H2 at an efficiency of 75%. As of 2005 the DOE provided a total of $1,563,882 worth of funding for research.
Mitsubishi is pursuing such technology with its High-pressure hydrogen energy generator (HHEG) project.
The Forschungszentrum Jülich, in Jülich Germany is currently researching the cost reduction of components used in high-pressure PEM electrolysis in the EKOLYSER project. The primary goal of this research is to improve performance and gas purity, reduce cost and volume of expensive materials and reach the alternative energy targets set forth by the German government for 2050 in the Energy Concept published in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18790729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790729" title="Bucci">
Bucci

Bucci is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18790744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790744" title="List of Coptic Orthodox Churches in Canada">
List of Coptic Orthodox Churches in Canada

The following is a "partial list" of Coptic Orthodox Churches in Canada, the count stands at 51 churches and communities:
Diocese of Mississauga, Vancouver & Western Canada.
The Hierarch of this diocese is Bishop Mina, Bishop of the Holy Diocese of Mississauga, Vancouver & Western Canada.
The following is a list of the churches under the diocese:
Archdiocese of North America.
The following is a list of the churches under the Archdiocese of North America:

</doc>
<doc id="18790755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790755" title="Dhanyala">
Dhanyala

Dhanyala دهنيالہ is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at 32°59'33" N 73°24'12" E, at an altitude of .
Dhanyal is one of the largest tribes living in the Potohar plateau and Lower Himalayas for the last eight centuries. The tribe traces its lineage to Hazrat Ali Ibne Talib (Karam-Ullah-Wajho).
In Dhanyala, there is a hospital named Mian Muhammad Bakhsh Hospital, Dhanyala.
Education.
Dhanyala is very prominent village of District Jhelum. People of Dhanyala are very educated and Officers in Pakistan Army, Police, and officers in Government and private sector. A lot of Dhanyalians are settled abroad. Dhanyala village is located four kilometers from University of the Punjab, Jhelum campus. In Dhanyala, there are many schools for boys and girls:

</doc>
<doc id="18790758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790758" title="Emil Nowakowski">
Emil Nowakowski

Emil Nowakowski (born May 15, 1974 in Lubin, Poland) is a Polish football midfielder who has played primarily in the Polish lower divisions. However, he has spent time in the Polish first division and with teams in the United States, Italy, Greece and Germany. He currently plays for FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf in Germany.
In 1992, Nowakowski signed with Zagłębie Lubin. In 1993, he began the season with Lubin, spent a few games with Górnik Polkowice then finished the season with Chrobry Glogow. He remained with Glogow through the 1995-1996 season, then moved to the United States where he played the 1996 and 1997 seasons with the Central Jersey Riptide in the USISL. In the fall of 1997, he moved to Italy where he signed with Serie D club F.C. Matera. At some point in the season, he returned to Poland to join Gornik Walbrzych. In 1998, he began the season with Śląsk Wrocław of the Polish First League and ended it with Zagłębie Lubin. He was back with Śląsk Wrocław for the 1999-2000 season. In the fall of 2000, he moved to Górnik Polkowice. After two seasons, he transferred to Polonia Warsaw of the Polish top division. In 2004, he was sent to the Polonia second team. He then moved to newly formed Greek club ASK Olympiakos Volos F.C. from 2004 to 2007. In 2007, he transferred to MAS Pierikos Katerini. In 2008, he joined Fostiras Ovryas FC of the amateur Achaea Football Clubs Association. He currently plays for FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18790759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790759" title="Muhammad Ahmad (disambiguation)">
Muhammad Ahmad (disambiguation)

Muhammad Ahmad (1844–1885), otherwise known as the Mahdi, was a religious figure in Sudan.
Muhammad Ahmad or Ahmed may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790770" title="Fulvio Tomizza">
Fulvio Tomizza

Fulvio Tomizza (26 January 1935 – 21 May 1999) was an Italian writer. He was born in Giurizzani in Istria, (now in Croatia).
In 1954 with the annexation of Zone B by Yugoslavia Tomizza moved to Trieste and his career as a writer took place there. Although he did write a trilogy about his native Istria.

</doc>
<doc id="18790786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790786" title="Garh Mahal">
Garh Mahal

Garh Mahal is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil.

</doc>
<doc id="18790788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790788" title="William Esturmy">
William Esturmy

Sir William Esturmy or Sturmy (died 1427) was hereditary Warden of Savernake Forest, a Knight of the Shire and Speaker of the House of Commons.
He was born around 1356, the son of Geoffrey Sturmy and nephew and heir of Sir Henry Sturmy of Wolfhall in the Savernake Forest, Wiltshire. He inherited in 1381 and was knighted by October 1388.
He held the post of hereditary warden of Savernake Forest from 1381 to 1417 and from 1420 until his death in 1427. He entered politics, serving initially as knight of the shire for Hampshire in 1384 and again in 1390, but also eight times for Wiltshire and twice for Devon between then and 1422. He was elected Speaker of the House in 1404 during the reign of Henry IV, known as the Illiterate or Unlearned Parliament because the king forbid lawyers from attending. He was appointed High Sheriff of Wiltshire for 1418.
He held a number of public posts and served several times as an ambassador abroad.
He died at Wolfhall. He had married Joan Crawthorne, the widow of Sir John Beaumont of Saunton and Sherwell, Devon. They had two daughters. His daughter Maud married John Seymour and through her William Esturmy would be one of the forefathers of Jane Seymour.

</doc>
<doc id="18790798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790798" title="Mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis">
Mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis

Mesangial proliferative glomerulonephritis is a form of glomerulonephritis associated primarily with the mesangium.
There is some evidence that interleukin-10 may inhibit it in an animal model.
It is classified as type II lupus nephritis by the World Health Organization (WHO). 
Mesangial cells in the renal glomerulus use endocytosis to take up and degrade circulating immunoglobulin. This normal process stimulates mesangial cell proliferation and matrix deposition. Therefore, during times of elevated circulating immunoglobulin ("i.e." lupus and IgA nephropathy) one would expect to see an increased number of mesangial cells and matrix in the glomerulus. This is characteristic of nephritic syndromes.

</doc>
<doc id="18790804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790804" title="Phil Carter">
Phil Carter

Phillip E. Carter (b. ) is an American lawyer, writer, and former officer in the United States Army.
Carter was a founding member of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and he also served as a principal of the Truman National Security Project. He is now senior fellow and counsel at the Center for a New American Security, and director of the CNAS research program on the Military, Veterans & Society.
Education.
Carter attended the University of California, Los Angeles, earning a Bachelor's Degree there in 1997, and his Juris Doctor in 2004. Carter also received the Harry S. Truman Scholarship in 1996.
Legal career.
Carter practiced law as an associate at McKenna Long & Aldridge, first in Los Angeles, and later in New York City.
He specialized in government contracts and national security law there, including representation of leading defense and aerospace contractors.
He contributed to amicus briefs for FAIR v. Rumsfeld and Hamdan v. Rumsfeld. Carter took a leave of absence from his law firm in 2005-06, after being called to active duty by the Army, to serve in Iraq.
In June 2008, Carter took a leave of absence to join the Barack Obama campaign as its national veterans director. He returned to his position at McKenna Long & Aldridge in 2010 after resigning as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Policy.
In 2011, Carter left McKenna to join Caerus Associates, a strategy and design consulting firm in Arlington, Virginia, as the company's Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel.
In 2013, Carter left Caerus to join CNAS, a defense policy think tank in Washington, as senior fellow and counsel. At CNAS, Carter directs the Military, Veterans, and Society research program.
Writing career.
He wrote the "Intel Dump" blog beginning in 2002. In 2008, he began writing this blog for the Washington Post, and edited the Convictions legal blog for Slate magazine.
Carter's articles have appeared in many other publications, including the "New York Times", "Washington Monthly", "Wall Street Journal", and "Chicago Tribune". In 2006, he won an award (with Dahlia Lithwick and Emily Bazelon) for a feature on torture that appeared in "Slate".
Government service.
United States Army service.
Carter served on active and reserve duty for nine years in the U.S. Army as a Military Police and Civil Affairs officer. He served from 1997 to 2001, including assignments in Korea, Texas and the Mojave Desert. From October 2005 to September 2006, he was an embedded adviser with the Iraqi police in Baqubah, the capital of Iraq's Diyala province.
His team's work was profiled by the Wall Street Journal in a June 13, 2006, front-page story, and by NPR as well.
He has consulted on operational and legal issues for state and local anti-terrorism task forces, and he has lectured about law and terrorism at UCLA.
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Policy.
The Washington Post reported in February 2009 that Carter was slated to be the new Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Detainee Affairs, following speculation on Pentagon blogs about his appointment.
Carter is the fourth official to be appointed to this post, replacing career diplomat Sandra Hodgkinson. 
In November 2009 Carter announced his resignation, effective in December 2009, for personal reasons.
The exact date he submitted his resignation, and his last day on the job have not been made public.
In his position, he traveled frequently to Guantanamo Bay, Iraq and Afghanistan. Carter was the chief architect of the Obama administration plan to close Guantanamo Bay, and bring detainees to a maximum security prison in Northwest Illinois. His last official trip was to Thomson, Illinois, the site of a prison the Obama administration has decided to use to house some captives currently held in detention in Guantanamo, in Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="18790808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790808" title="Cotegipe">
Cotegipe

Cotegipe (former Campo Largo) is a microregion and a municipality in the Brazilian state of Bahia in the north-east region of Brazil. Part of the Extremo Oeste Baiano mesoregion, the town was founded in 1820 and had a population of 13,638 as of the 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18790811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790811" title="Kala Gujran">
Kala Gujran

Kala Gujran is a town and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan. It is part of Jhelum Tehsil, and is located at 33°10'48N 72°57'59E with an altitude of 467 metres (1535 feet).
Kala Gujran is near Jhelum City. Pakistan Tobacco Company is situated in Kala Gujran. There is a small industrial estate in which approximately 80 mills. Until its recent demise the Fauji Mill complex was a major employer in the area, it used to produce cloth for export and distribution all across Pakistan.
Pakistan national motorway 2 named G.T. Road ( General Trunk Road ) Passes through the town. There are two major buss stops in kala gujran, named Phatik and Kala Mor. the Rescue 1122 office is also situated at phatik Kala gujran.
There is an annual Daand Mela (Bull race fair) held in the outskirts of Kala Gujran in Jada. Held in March every year it is an established event dating back many hundreds of years, It is held in collaboration within a circuit of melas including kantrili and Chakmal in Gujrat
History.
Kala Gujran is strategically located on the route of the old GT road and predates the city of Jhelum in its importance. It has been a significant market town and Gujjar stronghold since ancients times with the Hindu and then the Sikhs rulers leaving their marks in the town. If you look around the old bazaar you will still find relics of these ancient cultures.
In particular the area surrounding the old school has lakes locally known as the five sisters, so called as they drained into each other with five pippal trees planted in line. There were five ancient but important Hindu temples mandirs on the site, abandoned and subsequently destroyed during partition. The leading temple had a traceable underground tunnel leading directly to a covered "kooh" (Persian water wheel irrigation system in an outpost agricultural settlement) on the towns northbound outskirts, along the Chak Jamal Rd. This was reputedly run by a powerful courtesan presumably to afford safe passage for the chieftains or priests during times of conflict. There are reports of some local "koohs" having tablets of stone at the bottom with carvings dating back many hundreds of years.
There are also planted Sacred Fig (Ficus religiosa)"Pippal" trees in a line going all the way from Kala Gujran up to what is now known as the Mangla Fort affording an identifiable safe route passage all the way to the fort at Mangla also known as Ramkot. It is not known if the passages could be traced from Rohtas or Tilla Jogian to Mangla forts but part of it most definitely passes from Kala Gujran to Mangla. In Tilla Jogian and ancient ramkot now mangla there are also similar lakes or tanks that drain into each other. The elders and historian bards of the Kala Gujran locale speak of many people even in recent times having their ears pierced in line with what has been happening in the Tilla Jogian and Kala Gujran areas for centuries. The lakes and the school are currently in a very dilapidated and neglected state the mandirs have gone with the only trace being left is a few marble foor tiles. In common with most of region - little thought being given to the preservation of its rich and important cultural history. The sporting traditions with the kara or annual bull race is still kept very much alive, in recent years it has been preserved and promoted by the Pakistani Diaspora based in the UK.
The Gujjars of the area have variously been described as a problematic but powerful tribe in particular the Tikri Gujjar clan. They have an interesting history and genetic lineage, traceable back to Georgia and Salauddinsaladin. The tribe had some admirable and historically important battles against Christianity alongside their chiefSaladin in the crusades of the Middle Ages. It is of some notoriety that the infamous Saddam Hussain shares the same lineage having originated from Tikrit in northern Iraq. The lineage can also be traced to the courts at Ajmer Sharif in India. There are numerous references to the Tikkri Gujjars being an important tribe in the area and beyond with many towns and regions named after the tribe.
There were significant Sikh and Muslim Gujjars from this area leading in the nearby Battle of Chillianwala. Fought during the Second Anglo-Sikh War in the Chillianwala region of Punjab. The battle was one of the bloodiest fought by the British East India Company. It was a strategic check to immediate British ambitions in India and a shock to British military prestige. In essence the British got a thoroughly good beating forcing them to retire with tails withdrawn. They however returned with numerous reinforcements and carried out wholesale massacres in the city of Gujrat making the Chenab run red. They subsequently set up a battalion in Jhelum and named it "the city of soldiers"
The Battle of the Hydaspes River was fought by Alexander the Great in 326 BC against the Hindu King Porus (Pururava in Sanskrit) on the banks of the Hydaspes River (Jhelum River) In those days Kala Gujran would have been the favoured large city in the area. The Paurava kingdom of King Porus was situated here and many elite trained personnel would have been conscripted from Kala Gujran or Kamboja. The Hydaspes was the last major and most costly battle fought by Alexander.King Porus and his Tikri Gujjar men put up a fierce resistance against the invading Macedonian army which won the admiration and respect of Alexander.[16 Although victorious, Alexander's exhausted army mutinied soon after, when he made plans to cross river Hydaspes (Beas River), and refused to go further into India.
Ancient vedic texts describe the area as being part of Kamboja kingdom, dominated by Hun warrior classes excelling at hand to hand combat, horsemanship and a mercenary attitude. The war horses of Kamboja were famous through all periods of Indian History. In the great battle fought on the fields of Kurukshetra, the fastest and powerful horses of Kamboja were of greatest service. There is significantly mention that the people were distinctly different from the rest of the kingdom in their appearance, stature, physical prowess, dress religious beliefs and practises, further reference and conjecture to the Huns or Aryan theories as described in history. This also cross references with ancient and recent historical battles and famous or infamous individuals with direct lineage to the Gujjar Tikkri clans.
Indeed the Gujjars were once the most influential group and chieftains of Kala Gujran (hence the name). It is of no surprise then that the British when they did take over the region decided to not allow the Gujjars to join the military or civil service citing them as unreliable, unfit and associated very strongly to the criminal and mercenary Thuggee gangs. Going so far as to criminalise them with the introduction of Criminal Tribes Act of 1871. A rather nefarious concept given the area is famously known as the land of martyrs and warriors and many specialised as mercenary fighters. When it was eventually repealed and the Gujjars were allowed to join the ranks they were instrumental during the 1857 uprisings, indian mutiny.
During subsequent periods the Gujjars in this area did not take advantage of the political process being easily manipulated by puppet regimes instilled by the colonial British rulers to tactfully divide and rule the princely states. A process so deeply engrained that relics of it still create problems to this day. The following celebrities were born in this town;

</doc>
<doc id="18790824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790824" title="A103">
A103

A103, A.103, A 103 or A-103 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18790831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18790831" title="Frederick Ponsonby, Viscount Duncannon">
Frederick Ponsonby, Viscount Duncannon

Frederick Arthur William Ponsonby, Viscount Duncannon (born on 9 August 1974) is a British courtesy viscount. He is the son of Myles Ponsonby, 12th Earl of Bessborough and Alison Storey. He is the Heir Apparent to the Earldom of Bessborough.
He was educated at Harrow School and at the University of East Anglia where he graduated with a degree in American and English History in 1997. He is married to Emily Mott.

</doc>
