<doc id="18696913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696913" title="Marco Pappa">
Marco Pappa

Marco Pablo Pappa Ponce (born 15 November 1987) is a Guatemalan footballer who plays for the MLS club Seattle Sounders FC. He is a member of the Guatemala national team.
Club career.
Born in Guatemala City, Pappa, who plays as a winger, joined his local side, Municipal, in 2004 at the age of 16, and made his professional debut in a domestic league match in August 2006 against Deportivo Petapa. He scored his first professional goal against Nicaraguan side Real Madriz during the 2007 UNCAF tournament.
Chicago Fire (2008–2012).
Pappa signed a one and a half-year loan deal with Chicago Fire on 30 July 2008, and made his MLS debut for Fire on 2 August 2008, against Chivas USA. He scored his first MLS goal on 5 April 2009, in a game against the New York Red Bulls. On 3 December 2009 The Fire exercised their option to buy Pappa's rights from Municipal, thus ending a two-year loan deal it had for Pappa and securing his services through the 2012 season.
Pappa started the 2010 MLS season in great form for the Chicago Fire with 5 goals and 4 assists in his first 11 games, making one of the league's top performing midfielders, and finished the year with seven goals (being the team's top scorer) and five assists. He was also awarded the MLS "Goal of the Year" award of the 2010 season for his goal against San Jose Earthquakes on 10 April 2010.
During the 2011 season, Pappa scored eight goals, including a hat-trick on 28 September 2011 in an away win against Real Salt Lake, earning the "Player of the Week" award and becoming the second Guatemalan player to score three goals in an MLS match after Carlos Ruiz had done it in 2002 and 2003.
Heerenveen (2012–2014).
Per an announcement made on 13 August 2012 Pappa was originally going to join the Dutch club SC Heerenveen of the Eredivisie on 1 January 2013 on a three-and-a-half-year deal. However on 30 August, Chicago agreed to make the deal an immediate transfer. On 3 January 2014 Pappa was released by Heerenveen as they dissolved his contract to make room on their roster for the Hungarian Szabolcs Varga.
Seattle Sounders FC (2014- ).
Pappa was released by Heerenveen and entered the MLS Allocation process, being selected by the Seattle Sounders FC who had the first pick. He was officially given the number 10 jersey last worn by Mauro Rosales on February 12, 2014.
International career.
Pappa has represented Guatemala at the U17, U20, U21 and U23 levels, and played for Guatemala at the U23 level in the qualifying tournament for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, in which they finished in fourth place after being one penalty shootout away from qualifying to the Olympic Tournament.
Pappa earned his first cap for the senior national team on 20 August 2008 in a 0–1 World Cup qualifying loss to the United States, appearing as a substitute. He scored his first goal for Guatemala on 15 October 2008 against Cuba. He participated at the UNCAF Nations Cup 2009 and at the 2011 Gold Cup, where he scored the second goal of a 4–0 win against Grenada.
During 2014 World Cup qualification, he scored the first goal of a 4–0 win against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines during the 2nd round, and in the third round, he scored from a direct free kick to equalize 1–1 at home against the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18696917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696917" title="Sandstone Point, Queensland">
Sandstone Point, Queensland

Sandstone Point is a suburb approximately north of Brisbane within the Moreton Bay Region. It is located across the bridge from Bribie Island and has views of Moreton Bay and surroundings. The suburb is one of the fastest growing residential communities in the Moreton Bay Regional Council. 
Originally known as Toorbul Point, the area was the site of an Allied amphibious training base during World War II.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Sandstone Point is 3,895, 52.8% female and 47.2% male.
The median/average age of the Sandstone Point population is 51 years of age, 14 years above the Australian average.
76.8% of people living in Sandstone Point were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 7.6%, New Zealand 4.2%, Scotland 1%, Germany 0.7%, Netherlands 0.6%.
94.2% of people speak English as their first language 0.4% Dutch, 0.3% Afrikaans, 0.3% German, 0.3% Spanish, 0.2% French.

</doc>
<doc id="18696926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696926" title="No Mercy (1999)">
No Mercy (1999)

No Mercy (1999) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF) and presented by Eidos Interactive's "", which took place on October 17, 1999 at the Gund Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.
Nine matches, including three championship matches. In the first, The Fabulous Moolah won the WWF Women's Championship from Ivory to become the oldest champion in professional wrestling history. In the second, Chyna defeated Jeff Jarrett to win the WWF Intercontinental Championship, becoming the first female Intercontinental Champion in WWF history. Lastly, Triple H defeated Steve Austin to retain the WWF Championship. Also on the card was a tag team ladder match in which The New Brood (Matt and Jeff Hardy) defeated Edge and Christian.
Generally, reviews for the event were positive, with both SLAM! Wrestling and 411mania.com rating it eight out of ten. The tag team ladder match, in particular, received very positive reviews from critics.
Writing and production.
Vince Russo and his writing partner, Ed Ferrara, watched "The Jerry Springer Show" for ideas to develop into WWF storylines. Some of the wrestlers also were involved with writing their own storylines. For example, the four competitors in the tag team ladder match made the decision for their rivalry to involve a "best-of" series. The plan was to originally do a "best-of-seven" series, but it was later changed to five. They had the whole match planned, including all of the stunts. In addition, Pat Patterson was the booker for the event.
Before the event, Jeff Jarrett was on his way out of the company, as management felt he had been a bad investment for the company. Vince McMahon, the WWF Chairman, came up with the idea for Jarrett and Chyna to become involved in a storyline together. Vince Russo was asked to write the storyline leading up to the match, including when Jarrett would taunt Chyna and hit her with random household objects. The fans responded positively to the battle-of-the-sexes match-ups. They were originally supposed to have their match-up at Rebellion, but the WWF extended the storyline for another month due to its popularity. In the midst of the feud, Russo left the WWF for rival promotion World Championship Wrestling (WCW). In her autobiography "If They Only Knew", Chyna implies that Russo was the person who convinced McMahon to delay their pay-per-view match for a month, because he knew Jarrett was also going to sign with WCW. Because of the delay, Jarrett's contract expired the day before the match, so he was not contractually required to wrestle at the event. Hours before the event began, Jarrett demanded (and received) somewhere between $300,000–500,000 to wrestle Chyna for the night.
Background.
Nine professional wrestling matches were featured on the event's card. Matches were planned with predetermined outcomes by WWE's creative staff and featured wrestlers for the entertainment of the audience.
Leading up to their match at No Mercy, Jeff Jarrett would taunt Chyna and hit her with random household objects. He also began a gimmick where he would degrade women, which involved him attacking female WWF employees. At Rebellion, Jarrett defeated Chyna after hitting her in the head with a guitar when the referee was not looking. During this time, Jarrett also introduced Miss Kitty to be the valet for his manager Debra.
Prior to No Mercy, The New Brood Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy were in a rivalry with Edge and Christian and the two teams were in the midst of the Terri Invitational Tournament, where the winning team would win the managerial services of Terri Runnels. The series was a "best-of-five" and began on the September 30 episode of "SmackDown!" when Edge and Christian defeated The New Brood in the first match of the tournament. In the weeks proceeding the pay-per-view, the teams traded wins until both teams had two each. Therefore, the match at No Mercy would be the deciding match in the tournament.
Triple H and Steve Austin were also feuding heading into the event. They had a Triple Threat match, also including The Undertaker, at the previous No Mercy pay-per-view in April; in the match, Austin defeated Triple H to retain the title. In the following months, the WWF Championship was traded back and forth amongst Austin, The Undertaker, Mankind, Triple H, and Vince McMahon. In late September at Unforgiven, Triple H won the championship in a match against five other wrestlers, including The Rock, with Austin as the Special Guest Referee. At the beginning of October at Rebellion, Triple H retained his title in a steel cage match against The Rock.
Event.
The first match was between The Godfather and Mideon in a singles match. During the match, Viscera interfered several times on the behalf of Mideon. The Godfather, however, won the match after pinning Mideon.
Subsequently, The Fabulous Moolah, accompanied by her friend Mae Young, and Ivory, the reigning WWF Women's Champion, went to the ring for their match. Ivory immediately performed a dropkick on Moolah. After interference from Young, Moolah surprised Ivory by pinning her and winning the Women's Championship. At the time, Moolah was in her seventies, thus becoming the oldest champion in the history of professional wrestling.
The Hollys (Hardcore and Crash) versus the New Age Outlaws (Billy Gunn and The Road Dogg) was next. In the midst of the match, Hardcore Holly threw a steel chair into the ring. Billy Gunn, however, used the chair to his advantage by performing an offense maneuver on Crash Holly that caused his head to slam into the chair which was lying in the ring. Therefore, the Hollys won the match by disqualification.
The fourth match of the night was between Chyna and Jeff Jarrett in a Good Housekeeping match—a match where the ring is surrounded by household objects which the wrestlers can use against each other—for the WWF Intercontinental Championship. After Jarrett hit Chyna with the Intercontinental title belt, he pinned her. The referee Theodore Long, however, overturned the ruling because the belt was not considered a "household item". As a result, Jarrett performed a submission maneuver on Long, but Chyna hit him over the head with a guitar. She then pinned him to win the title. With the win, Chyna became the first woman to ever hold the title. Also as a result of the win, Jarrett's valet Miss Kitty left Jarrett to valet for Chyna.
Subsequently, The Rock defeated The British Bulldog in a singles match by performing a Rock Bottom and People's Elbow. After the match, The Rock cut a promo where he challenged the winner of the main event to a match. Triple H, however, came out and hit The Rock with a sledgehammer, which caused The Rock to be taken backstage by a stretcher. Backstage, The Rock refused to be taken to the hospital.
The following bout was the last match in the "Terri Invitational Tournament", contested between The New Brood Matt and Jeff Hardy and Edge and Christian in a tag team ladder match. For the match, a bag with 100,000 dollars was hung from the ceiling, and the goal of the match was to use one of the two ladders in the ring to climb and retrieve the bag. The first team to retrieve the bag would win the match. The manager of The New Brood, Gangrel brought a ladder to the ring, but as a result, he got ejected from ringside by the referee. During the match, the ladders were set up so that one was on top of the other, resembling a Seesaw, Jeff jumped on one side so that the other side jutted upwards, knocking down both Matt and Christian. Later in the match, all four men were on the ladders and after Edge pushed Matt off of the ladder they were both on, he fell into the other ladder, knocking Christian to the mat. Jeff however, jumped onto the other ladder to continue to battle with Edge. As Jeff and Edge climbed the ladder, Jeff pushed Edge to the ground and grabbed the bag of money to win the match. As a result of winning the match, The New Brood won $100,000 and the managerial services of Terri Runnels. Backstage, the trio celebrated the win and their new partnership with a bottle of champagne.
The seventh match of the night was between Val Venis and Mankind. During the course of the match, Venis slammed Mankind back first into a steel chair which was lying in the ring. When Mankind tried to perform a mandible claw on Venis, he retaliated by simultaneously grabbing Mankind's crotch. As a result, both men collapsed, but because Venis landed on top of Mankind—causing a pinning predicament—Venis defeated his opponent.
The second to last match was between X-Pac, Bradshaw, Kane, and Faarooq in a Four Corners Elimination match. Eight minutes into the match, Kane performed a chokeslam on Bradshaw to pin and eliminated him from the match. Approximately two minutes later, X-Pac performed a spinning heel kick on Kane and pinned him to eliminate him. X-Pac eliminated Farooq by using the X Factor to win the match.
Triple H defeated Steve Austin in an Anything Goes match for the WWF Championship. When Triple H attempted to use his sledgehammer against Austin, Vince McMahon grabbed it from him. They spent seven minutes of the match outside the ring, where Austin used a steel fence, trashcan, and microphone as weapons. Once in the ring, both men attempted to end the match by utilizing their finishing maneuvers. Back outside of the ring, Austin threw Triple H into both the steel ring stairs and the announce table, causing him to bleed profusely. Near the end of the match, The Rock, bandaged from his injuries earlier in the night, came down to ringside carrying the sledgehammer. Although he was aiming at Triple H, he accidentally hit Austin with the weapon. Taking advantage of the situation, Triple H Pedigreed The Rock and pinned Austin to retain his WWF Championship. After the match, Austin and Triple H continued to fight into the backstage area, where Chyna picked Triple H in a limousine and drove away.
Aftermath.
The "Terri Invitational Tournament" and the tag team ladder match between The New Brood (later known as The Hardy Boyz) and Edge and Christian elevated both teams. According to Matt Hardy, the match elevated them from "WWF wrestlers to WWF Superstars". Both teams received standing ovations the night of the match, as well as the following night on "Raw". It also led to WWE utilizing ladder matches more frequently.
After No Mercy, Jeff Jarrett left the World Wrestling Federation and showed up on "WCW Monday Nitro" the next evening. Miss Kitty began accompanying Chyna to the ring for her matches. Kitty also began dressing like Chyna, including wearing a black wig, and became known as "Chynette". Chyna then began a rivalry with Chris Jericho over the championship. Chyna defeated Jericho at the subsequent pay-per-view Survivor Series in November to retain the title.
Triple H held the WWF Championship until Survivor Series in November when he lost it to The Big Show in a Triple Threat match that also involved The Rock. Meanwhile, Steve Austin was written out of WWE storylines so he could have neck surgery. On-screen, his absence was attributed to being hit by a car. When he returned to television a year later, it was revealed that Rikishi had hit him with a car to allow The Rock to become champion. The Rock, however, did not win the championship until Backlash in April 2000. Later, though, it was revealed that the hit-and-run on Steve Austin was orchestrated by Triple H.
Reception.
John Powell of SLAM! Wrestling said that the tag match between the Hardys and Edge and Christian overshadowed the main event match between Triple H and Steve Austin. He called the match "astonishing" and claimed it "brought the crowd to their feet". Specifically, he claimed that Edge and Christian "were the future of the federation" and deserved "a hefty raise". Powell also liked the match between The Rock and The British Bulldog, calling it "A well-fought, explosive encounter". In contrast, Powell stated that the women's match was the "worst match [he'd] ever seen". Overall, he rated the event eight out of ten.
J.D. Dunn of 411mania.com also rated the pay-per-view an eight out of ten. He called the tag team ladder match "1999's WWE MOTY of the Year by most accounts" and rated it four and one-fourth stars out of five. In addition, he called the Chyna-Jarrett match "a goofy-but-fun match" and claimed "The Jarrett-Chyna feud was one of the best of the year, although that's not saying much." The main event of Triple H versus Austin achieved three out of five stars.

</doc>
<doc id="18696946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696946" title="Cecil Smith (Canadian politician)">
Cecil Smith (Canadian politician)

Cecil Morris Smith (23 June 1927 - 24 April 1988) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Treherne, Manitoba and became an auctioneer and public servant by career.
He was elected at the Churchill riding in
the 1974 general election and served one term in the 30th Canadian Parliament. Smith was defeated at the riding by Rodney Murphy of the New Democratic Party in the 1979 federal election, and again in the 1980 election.

</doc>
<doc id="18696980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18696980" title="Hjartarson">
Hjartarson

Hjartarson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Hjörtur". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697000" title="Latin delta">
Latin delta

Latin delta () is a Latin letter similar in appearance to the Greek lowercase letter delta (δ), but derived from the handwritten Latin lowercase d. It is also known as "script d" or "insular d" and is used in medieval Welsh transcriptions for the sound (English "th" in "this") represented by "dd" in Modern Welsh.
A proposal to include several medieval characters in the Universal Character Set included this character with the name LATIN SMALL LETTER SCRIPT D. This was renamed to LATIN SMALL LETTER DELTA and added to Unicode as U+1E9F when Unicode 5.1 was released on 4 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18697021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697021" title="Ralph Neville, 4th Earl of Westmorland">
Ralph Neville, 4th Earl of Westmorland

Ralph Neville, 4th Earl of Westmorland KG, (21 February 1498 – 24 April 1549) was an English peer and soldier. He was the grandson of Ralph Neville, 3rd Earl of Westmorland, and the father of Henry Neville, 5th Earl of Westmorland.
Family.
Ralph Neville, born 21 February 1498, was the son of Ralph Neville (d.1498) and Edith Sandys (d. 22 August 1529), daughter of Sir William Sandys of the Vyne by Edith Cheyney, daughter of Sir John Cheyney. He was the grandson of Ralph Neville, 3rd Earl of Westmorland, and Isabel Booth.
Neville had a brother who died young, and a sister, Isabel, who married firstly, Sir Robert Plumpton, and secondly, Lawrence Kighley, Esq.
After his father's death in 1498, Neville's mother, Edith, married Thomas Darcy, 1st Baron Darcy of Darcy, who was beheaded on Tower Hill 30 June 1537 for his part in the Pilgrimage of Grace. She died at Stepney on 22 August 1529, and was buried at the Friars Observant, Greenwich.
Career.
Neville inherited the earldom of Westmorland as an infant at the death of his grandfather on 6 February 1499. On 9 July 1510, at about the age of twelve, his wardship was granted to Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham.
As a young man, Westmorland was among those who attended King Henry VIII at the Field of the Cloth of Gold in June 1520 and at his meeting with Emperor Charles V at Gravelines in July. On 7 November 1520 he had livery of his lands. He was present at the reception for the Emperor near Dover in May 1522. In 1522-3 Westmorland saw military service on the Scottish border, where he was knighted in the latter year by Thomas Howard, then Earl of Surrey. He was installed as a member of the Order of the Garter on 25 June 1525, and before 5 February 1526 was a member of the King's Privy Council. He continued to serve on the northern border, being appointed Deputy Captain of Berwick and Vice Warden of the East and Middle Marches from October 1525 to September 1526 under the King's illegitimate son, the Duke of Richmond. In January 1526 he was the chief envoy charged with concluding a truce with Scotland.
On 13 July 1530 Westmorland was among those who signed the letter to Pope Clement VII urging the annulment of the King's marriage to his first wife, Catherine of Aragon. In May 1534 he was a member of a commission directed to inquire into alleged treasonous activities by William Dacre, 3rd Baron Dacre of Gilsland. He again saw military service in the north when in June and July 1535 he was among those charged with suppressing disorders in Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmorland. On 15 May 1536 he was one of the peers who took part in the trial of the King's second wife, Anne Boleyn. During the Pilgrimage of Grace in 1536-7 Westmorland remained loyal to the King, which Archbold notes is 'surprising, considering his family connections'. He refused an appointment as Warden of the East and Middle Marches at this time, allegedly because his men supported the rising. At the time Norfolk described him as 'a man of such heat and hastiness of nature' as to be 'unmeet' for the appointment. However as Dockwray notes, Norfolk may have been disparaging a potential rival. On 14 January 1537 he was made a member of the Council of the North.
On 12 November 1537 Westmorland attended the funeral of the King's third wife, Jane Seymour. In 1538 he was again disparaged, on this occasion being described by an anonymous writer as a man 'of great power without wit or knowledge'. In May 1544 he was in command of the East and Middle Marches during the invasion of Scotland under Edward Seymour, 1st Earl of Hertford.
Westmorland died on 24 April 1549, aged 51, and was buried at Staindrop, Durham. His widow, Katherine, died 14 May 1555 at Holywell in Shoreditch, the house of her son-in-law, Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland, and was buried 17 May 1555 at St. Leonard's, Shoreditch.
Marriage and issue.
Westmorland was first betrothed to Elizabeth Stafford (c.1497 – 30 November 1558), the eldest daughter of his guardian, Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham, and Eleanor Percy, with whom he is said to have been in love, and whom he was to have married before Christmas 1512. However about that time Thomas Howard made suit for her, and Elizabeth married Howard, as his second wife, before 8 January 1513. Westmorland married instead, before June 1520, Stafford's second daughter, Katherine (d. 14 May 1555). They had eighteen children, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18697028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697028" title="Wissahickon, Philadelphia">
Wissahickon, Philadelphia

Wissahickon is the informal name given to the area of Roxborough close to the Wissahickon Creek section of Fairmount Park in northwest Philadelphia. The boundaries are Ridge Ave. to the West, the Schuylkill River to the South, East Falls to the east and Germantown to the North at Wissahickon Ave. Many larger Georgian Revival homes sit in the area. Neighborhoods like Blue Bell Hill (Park Line Dr. between Johnson and Hortter Streets.) Most of the land in this area in on a summit. It is known for the old hermits who founded the neighborhood. Cook-Wissahickon Elementary school is within its borders. It also has a Septa train station, the R-6 or Norristown line, within the neighborhood.
The Ridge Avenue Bridge in Philadelphia was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Education.
Public libraries.
Free Library of Philadelphia operates the Roxborough Branch, serving Wissahickon, at 6245 Ridge Avenue at Hermitage Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18697043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697043" title="Koresh Dance Company">
Koresh Dance Company

The Koresh Dance Company is a professional dance troupe based in Philadelphia, PA. The organization was founded in 1991 by Artistic Director Ronen (Roni) Koresh. The company tours nationally and appears locally two to four times annually. Part of the company's tour schedule is supported by the National Endowment for the Arts' Regional Arts Touring Program and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts. The troupe's choreography often blends dance styles from a variety of backgrounds and genres including ballet, modern dance, and jazz.

</doc>
<doc id="18697057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697057" title="Hampar Kelikian">
Hampar Kelikian

Hampar Kelikian, (January 17, 1899 – July 24, 1983), was a pioneering orthopedic surgeon, who significantly extended the surgical field.
Being a pioneer in the surgical restoration of otherwise useless limbs, he was instrumental in helping U.S. Senator Bob Dole. When Dole returned from World War II with injuries that had left his right arm useless and about to be amputated, Kelikian fixed the shattered shoulder and allowed Dole to regain some use of his arm.
Biography.
Kelikian was an Armenian orthopedic surgeon and native of Hadjin. He came to America in 1919 to escape from the Armenian genocide and was inspired by his uncle, who worked as a surgeon in the Ottoman army. After emigrating to the United States in 1920, Kelikian worked as a waiter in the University of Chicago, and then obtained a scholarship to train here and Rush Medical College, as he turned out to be very cleaver and talented. He performed his internship at Cook County Hospital, and in 1929 became an assistant to Philip Kreuscher, who had been in practice with the bone specialist John B. Murphy.
During World War II, Kelikian served as chief orthopedic surgeon and lieutenant colonel at the 297th General Hospital. Bob Dole was one of his many patients, and Kelikian refused to accept any fees from the young veteran, since his brother Siragan had been killed in Italy in 1943. In total, Kelikian performed seven operations between 1947 and 1953 to restore the use of Dole's arm by transplanting leg bone and muscle to the right shoulder and hand. When he returned to Chicago, he joined the staff of Wesley Hospital and Northwestern Medical School.
Kelikian later became an emeritus associate professor of orthopedic surgery, performing ten operations a week when he was 80. Kelikian wrote three monographs on hand, ankle, and foot surgery, as well as a book on Armenian poetry. He also specialized in congenital deformities, particularly gigantism. He never charged Armenians for treatment.
Kelikian had a son Armen, also a surgeon, and two daughters, Alice and Virginia, by his wife Ovsanna. He died on Sunday July 24, 1983 at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago. He was 84.
Achievements.
While he was working for the United States Army, his services were recognized by President Harry Truman, who gave him a citation and a medal. He was also received a citation from the Queen while working as a consulting orthopaedic surgeon at the Ronkswood General Hospital in Worcester. In 1969, he was appointed to President Nixon’s Task Force for the Disabled. In 1966 he was invited to visit Lebanon by Pr. Emile Riachi and was awarded the Order of the National Cedars of Lebanon by president Charles Helou

</doc>
<doc id="18697082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697082" title="Ask Aida">
Ask Aida

Ask Aida is an interactive cooking show on the Food Network hosted by Aida Mollenkamp. The show began airing on August 2, 2008. On "Ask Aida", Noah Starr serves as the "tech guru" sorting through then asking the many culinary questions sent to Mollenkamp via email, text, phone calls and video. Also during each episode, Noah tries to "stump" Aida with a crazy ingredient or gadget. Each show also has an advertisement telling viewers how they can get a link to that episode's recipes via text message.
For Season 2, the format of the show changed slightly, Starr was removed from the program.

</doc>
<doc id="18697083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697083" title="Sigurðardóttir">
Sigurðardóttir

Sigurðardóttir is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "daughter of Sigurður". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697086" title="Kenroy Elementary">
Kenroy Elementary

Kenroy Elementary is an elementary school in East Wenatchee, Washington with classes from kindergarten through fourth grade. Kenroy is a Beacon School focusing on "Always do your best, Be responsible and respectful, and Cooperate." The school was a Gates school during the 2001-2002 school year.
Distinctions.
Kenroy Elementary received a three year grant of $180,000 from the Gates Foundation during the 2001-2002 school year. The goal of for the grant was to increase academic achievement. The school accomplished its goal through the use of classroom based technology, curriculum, and staff development.
Kenroy is participating in the Beacon's Grant through Washington state's Office of Superintendent of Public Instruction. Kenroy is using the grant to meet the educational needs of children with or at risk of developing severe emotional/behavioral disabilities.
The school was the home school for the 2003 Washington State Teach of the Year, Veronique Paquette.

</doc>
<doc id="18697097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697097" title="Roy Burston">
Roy Burston

Major General Sir Samuel Roy Burston KBE, KStJ, CB, DSO, VD, FRCP, FRCPE, FRACP (21 March 1888 – 21 August 1960) was an Australian soldier, physician, and horse racing identity.
The son of a prominent Melbourne soldier and businessman, Burston graduated from the University of Melbourne with a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery in 1910. After graduation he worked with children at the Adelaide Children's Hospital and Aboriginal people in the Northern Territory.
Having served with the Militia from an early age, he obtained a commission in the Australian Army Medical Corps in 1912 and served as a medical officer in the Gallipoli Campaign and on the Western Front during World War I. Burston was mentioned in despatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order for supervising an advanced dressing station under fire during the Battle of Messines. After the war he became a foundation Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians. During World War II he served as Director of Medical Services in the Middle East and Director General of Medical Services in Australia with the rank of major general. The 9th Division was withdrawn from the Siege of Tobruk on his medical advice. He remained Director General of Medical Services until 1948. In 1945, he became Chief Commissioner of St John Ambulance Australia, serving until 1957,
Burston was involved in thoroughbred racing both as a punter and as a racehorse owner. He served as Chairman of the Moonee Valley Racing Club from 1952 until his death in 1960. Burston made the W S Cox Plate the richest weight for age race in Australia, and he oversaw the construction of the Burston Grandstand, which was named in his honour.
Education and early life.
Samuel Roy Burston was born in Melbourne on 21 March 1888, the fourth of seven children to James Burston, a businessman who served as Lord Mayor of Melbourne from 1908 to 1910, and his wife Marianne, née McBean. Roy always preferred to be known by his first name rather than as Samuel, which was the name of his grandfather. The family lived in Flinders Street, Melbourne and later in Hawthorn, Victoria. James Burston would go on to command the 7th Infantry Brigade in the Gallipoli Campaign and rise to the rank of major general. Roy was educated at Melbourne Grammar School, where he acquired the nickname "Ginger" after his red hair. He joined the Victorian Military Forces as a bugler in 1900, serving with them and the Australian Military Forces until 1905. He considered a full-time military career but this was precluded by the discovery of a heart murmur.
After graduating from Melbourne Grammar in 1903, Burston entered University of Melbourne in 1905, where he lived at Trinity College and studied medicine. He graduated with his Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degrees in June 1910, and soon after his graduation he became a resident medical officer at Adelaide Children's Hospital. In 1911 and 1912, he served in the Northern Territory as a medical inspector of Aborigines with the Aboriginal Protection Board. He returned to Adelaide where he married Helen Elizabeth Culross on 16 April 1913 in St Michael's Anglican Church at Mitcham, South Australia. He took up general practice in Mile End, South Australia. Although unable to pursue a military career, he obtained a commission as a captain in the Australian Army Medical Corps (AAMC) on 14 October 1912.
World War I.
Burston joined the First Australian Imperial Force as a major in the 4th Light Horse Field Ambulance on 26 March 1915. He embarked for Egypt on the transport "Borda" on 23 June 1915. In September, he went to Gallipoli with the 7th Field Ambulance, which supported his father's 7th Infantry Brigade. He served on Gallipoli from September until November, when he was evacuated to Alexandria and later England with Typhoid fever. Burston remained in hospital until September 1916, when he was posted to the 11th Field Ambulance, part of the 3rd Division, then training at Larkhill in England. He moved to France with this unit on 24 November 1916. For his conduct supervising an advanced dressing station the Battle of Messines, Burston was mentioned in despatches and awarded the Distinguished Service Order. His citation, signed by Major General John Monash, read: 
Later that month, Burston was appointed senior medical officer at the Australian General Base Depot at Le Havre with the temporary rank of lieutenant colonel. This rank became substantive on 18 September 1917. He was made commander of the 1st Convalescent Depot on 18 April 1918 and of the 3rd General Hospital on 22 November 1918. On 7 April 1919, he became Assistant Director of Medical Services (ADMS), AIF Depots in the United Kingdom with the temporary rank of colonel. For this work, he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. He returned to Australia aboard the "Orsova" on 22 November 1919.
Between the wars.
Burston was promoted to major in the AAMC on 1 July 1919, lieutenant colonel on 1 July 1920, and colonel on 1 September 1921. He assumed the post of Deputy Director of Medical Services, 4th Military District in South Australia on 1 August 1921, a post he was to hold until 12 October 1939.
On returning to Adelaide in 1919, he was reappointed to the staff of the Adelaide Children's Hospital. He also resumed as an honorary assistant physician at the Royal Adelaide Hospital, a post he had been appointed to in 1914. In 1933, he travelled to Scotland to further his medical knowledge, and become a member of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh. On returning to Australia, he became an honorary physician at Royal Adelaide Hospital. He also began lecturing at the University of Adelaide. He was a district officer of the St John Ambulance Brigade, and vice president of the South Australian branch of the Australian Nursing Federation. In 1937 he became a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, and then one of the 41 foundation Fellows of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians in 1938. He was also honorary physician to the Governor-General from 1 July 1939 to 11 February 1943.
Burston was a member of the Adelaide Club, South Australian Cricket Association and the Melbourne Club. He was a committee member of the Adelaide amateur Turf Club, and made an annual trip back to Melbourne for the Melbourne Cup. A tall man at , he was awarded the Royal Humane Society of Australasia's Bronze Medal for saving the life of a youth caught in the rip while surfing at Victor Harbor, South Australia in 1927. He had three children: Samuel Gerald Wood (Sam) Burston became a grazier; Robin Archibald (Bob) Burston became a physician like his father; and Helen Elizabeth (Betty), who married Chris Sangster, an Adelaide physician on 12 January 1939. Both sons and son in law would serve in the Army during the Second World War.
World War II.
Middle East.
In October 1939, the Director General of Medical Services (DGMS), Major General Rupert Downes, tapped Burston for the post of Assistant Director of Medical Services (ADMS) of the 6th Division. Burston officially joined the Second Australian Imperial Force on 13 October 1939 with the rank of colonel, and received the serial number VX2 (VX1 being Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Blamey). When I Corps was formed in April 1940, Burston was appointed to its staff as Deputy Director of Medical Services (DDMS). As such, he was promoted to Brigadier on 1 July 1940.
Burston departed for the Middle East by Qantas flying boat along with Blamey and Brigadier Sydney Rowell on 12 June 1940, the party wearing civilian clothes as they were travelling through neutral countries. In November, Blamey organised a Headquarters, AIF in the Middle East and appointed Burston as its Director of Medical Services (DMS). The Australian Government had appointed Major General Rupert Downes to this post, but it deferred to Blamey. Burston was promoted to Major General on 16 February 1941.
Burston believed in personal reconnaissance and leading from the front. He was at the forefront of providing the medical arrangements for Operation Compass. He attempted, in the face of equipment shortages, to anticipate medical problems and so far as possible to prevent or avoid them. He dispatched Major Ian Murray Mackerras to investigate fly breeding in order to prevent an outbreak of diarrhoea. Burston gave Mackerras a free hand to tackle hygiene problems.
His participation in the Battle of Greece was of brief duration; he embarked on 10 April 1941 and was back less than two weeks later. While there, he visited the front and was caught up in an air raid at Elassona. The disaster in Greece greatly exacerbated the ongoing problem of medical equipment, as losses included the complete equipment of three field ambulances, two casualty clearing stations, a 600-bed hospital and one 1200-bed general hospital. 
In July 1941, Burston reported that Australians on leave in Cairo from the Siege of Tobruk were underweight, and expressed doubts that the 9th Division might have the physical stamina to resist an attack. Burston and Colonel Neil Hamilton Fairley met with the 9th Division's commander, Major General Leslie Morshead, as did Blamey, with the result that Blamey sought its relief. This led to showdowns first between Blamey and General Sir Claude Auchinleck, and then between the British and Australian governments. Burston was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath on 14 April 1942; his citation, written by Blamey, read:
South West Pacific.
Burston departed the Middle East for Batavia on 22 January 1942. He narrowly avoided capture when it fell, departing on the "Orcades" on 21 February 1942. On 8 May 1942, Burston became DGMS at GHQ (Australia), which soon became Land Headquarters (LHQ). In this position, he found himself in charge of officers like Downes who were senior to him militarily, and others like Fairley and Mackerras who "were, in truth, superior to him in intellectual distinction and professional status."
He made numerous visits to the front in Papua-New Guinea, during September, November and December 1942, July 1943, and June 1944. On his visit to Papua in September 1942, Blamey asked Burston to intercede with Rowell, the relationship between Blamey and Rowell having broken down as a result of the Rowell's supersession by Blamey on the orders of General Douglas MacArthur and Prime Minister John Curtin. Burston failed to placate Rowell, and Rowell was relieved.
The 1942 Papuan campaign threw up a host of serious medical problems. The poor diet, mainly caused by the difficulty of supply by air or over jungle tracks, caused malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies. Poor hygiene led to dysentery. Malaria was hyperendemic, and when Fairley and Mackerras visited Papua in June 1942 they found high rates of infection among the troops even before the fighting had begun. At Milne Bay the incidence was so high in September 1942 that it looked like the garrison would be wiped out in a matter of months. The biggest killer, though, was typhus. Of the 2,839 soldiers who came down with it, 257 (9 percent) died. It fell to Burston promulgate the policies and practices that diminished the danger from disease and allowed the Australian Army to fight in New Guinea.
In April 1945, Burston visited South East Asia Command, and then travelled to the United Kingdom, where he ratified a series of agreements on the exchange of information regarding the development of new drugs, and for the funding of research scholarships by the Rockefeller Foundation and Carnegie Corporation of New York. He was returning to Australia when the war ended.
Later life.
Burston was appointed a Knight of Grace of the Venerable Order of Saint John in 1944. He became Chief Commissioner of St John Ambulance Australia in March 1945, serving until 1957, after which he became Receiver-General of the Priory in Australia. He became an Honorary Physician to the King in August 1945, and a fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of London.
Blamey recommended Burston for a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in September 1945, along with Frank Berryman, James Cannan, John Northcott, Jack Stevens and George Wootten. The recommendation was turned down by the Labor government as it was not Labor Party policy to award knighthoods at this time. Following the election of the coalition government in the 1949 election, Blamey wrote to the new Prime Minister, Robert Menzies, again requesting honours for his generals. This time he was successful, and Burston was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (military division) in 1952.
Burston remained DGMS after the war. In the immediate post-war period, he was responsible for the demobilisation of the Army Medical Services, and for providing medical support to the British Commonwealth Occupation Force in Japan. Criticism of the medical arrangements, which Burston felt might lead to the force being prematurely withdrawn, led to Burston being publicly rebuked by the Army Minister, Cyril Chambers. Burston retired as DGMS and from the Army in 1948, handing over to Kingsley Norris. He served as honorary colonel of the Royal Australian Army Medical Corps from 1952 to 1957.
Rather than resume his medical practice in Adelaide, Burston chose to remain in Melbourne. In 1950, he delivered the Rupert Downes Memorial Lecture based on his book on "Medical Aspects of Atomic Warfare". Burston served as director of several companies, including David Syme & Co. (the publisher of "The Age" newspaper), Western Mining Corporation, Great Western Consolidated, New Coolgardie, and Koolgardie Southern. He was a medical advisor to the Australian Red Cross and National Mutual Life Association.
In retirement, Burston enjoyed playing golf and tennis, and was involved in thoroughbred racing, both as a punter and as a racehorse owner. He was elected Chairman of the Moonee Valley Racing Club following the death of C. F. (Charlie) Taylor in 1952. Burston increased the prize money of the Cox Plate, taking £1,000 from the Moonee Valley Cup and adding another £1,000 to give the two races equal prize money of £4,000. This made the Cox Plate the richest weight for age race in Australia. In announcing the decision, Burston described the prize money as "fitting to the class of horses competing", noting that it had drawn fields with winners such as Phar Lap in 1930 and 1931; Chatham in 1932 and 1934; Ajax in 1938; Flight in 1945 and 1946; and Hydrogen, the 1952 winner that would go on to win it again in 1953. In 1956, Burston announced a long range plan to increase the prize money to £10,000, although this would not be achieved until 1964. Crowds at the race meetings at Moonee Valley had fallen from an average of 35,000 per meeting in 1948–49 to 25,000 in 1952–53. To lure punters back, the club expanded facilities. A new public grandstand, named the Burston Grandstand in his honour, was built at a cost of £200,000. This facility was first used for the Cox Plate meeting in 1958.
Burston died at his home in South Yarra from a ruptured aortic aneurysm on 21 August 1960. He was survived by his daughter Elizabeth, who was married to Dr Christopher Sangster, an Adelaide physician, and his sons Samuel (later Sir Samuel Burston), a pastoralist in the Western District of Victoria, and Robin, a physician at Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Adelaide. A military funeral was held at Christ Church, South Yarra on 25 August. Burston's pall bearers included Major Generals Leslie Beavis, George Canet, Ronald McNicoll, Kingsley Norris, William Refshauge, Robert Risson and Colin Simpson. Mourners included Lieutenant General Sir John Northcott; William Samuel Cox, representing the Moonee Valley Racing Club; and Sir Frederick Thomas, the Lord Mayor of Melbourne. Burston's remains were cremated at the Springvale Crematorium, and his ashes were placed with those of Helen, who had died in 1958, in the gardens there. A portrait by Sir William Dargie was purchased by a fund subscribed to by a large number of medical officers and presented to him at The Australasian Medical Congress in Perth, Western Australia in 1948. Today, it is at the Latchford Barracks. A 1990 portrait by Barbara August hangs in the boardroom of the Moonee Valley Racing Club. Another, by Sir Ivor Hele, is held by the Australian War Memorial.

</doc>
<doc id="18697104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697104" title="George Josten">
George Josten

George Josten (born May 12, 1986 in Idaho Falls, Idaho) is an American soccer player who last played for Portland Timbers in the USSF Division-2 Professional League.
Career.
College and amateur.
Josten attended Idaho Falls High School and played college soccer at Gonzaga University, where he scored 34 goals in 79 career games over four years. He finished his collegiate career ranked third all-time in school history in goals and assists and fourth in points, was named to the All-West Coast Conference first team for three consecutive seasons between 2005 and 2007, and was also named in the NSCAA All-Far West Region first team in 2006 and 2007.
During his college years Josten also played with Michigan Bucks in the USL Premier Development League, helping them to the PDL Championship Game in 2007.
Professional.
Josten was selected in the second Round (20th overall) of the 2008 MLS SuperDraft by the Columbus Crew. He made his full professional debut for Columbus on May 27, 2008, coming on as a substitute for Alejandro Moreno in a US Open Cup game against Real Salt Lake.
After spending time on loan with the Cleveland City Stars in the USL Second Division, and despite recording one goal and two assists in eleven MLS Reserve Division matches, Josten was released by Columbus at the end of the 2008 season, having never played a single minute of MLS league soccer.
He signed for Portland Timbers of the USL First Division on February 20, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18697140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697140" title="Central Auditing Organization">
Central Auditing Organization

The Central Auditing Organization () is an independent auditing institution established in Egypt in 1942 as an instrument of public finance control. Originally created as the "Divan of Accounting", its name was changed to "Divan of Auditing" in 1960, before acquiring its current designation in 1964. 
In 1995 it hosted XV INCOSAI, the fifteenth triennial convention of the International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions.
Function & Structure.
The CAO supervises the management of public-sector companies and government departments, including about 130 central government departments and administrative units, 120 service agencies, 29 governorates, 50 economic authorities and more than 160 state-owned enterprises, political parties, trade unions, national and party news media, and all units subsidised by the State. The CAO may also audit and examine the work and accounts of any other entity, as assigned by the President, the Prime Minister or the People's Assembly of Egypt.
It is independent of the cabinet, and reports directly to the President of Egypt, to whom it is subordinated.

</doc>
<doc id="18697147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697147" title="Jeff Golden">
Jeff Golden

Jeffery Simon Golden (born April 24, 1950) is a political activist, radio personality, politician and author from Southern Oregon. His commentary and political leaning are progressive. He is the Democratic candidate for Jackson County Commissioner, Position 1 on the November 2, 2010 ballot.
Personal background.
Golden was born in Los Angeles, California, the second of four children born to Lane and Jack Golden. His siblings include KC Golden, Policy Director for the Seattle based Climate Change Advocacy group Climate Solutions; Michael Golden, a tribal judge in Humboldt County, California; and Jesse Golden. Jeff grew up in Beverly Hills, California, and graduated from Beverly Hills High School in 1968 as the Student Body President and at the top of his class.
Golden attended Harvard as a Harvard National Scholar, a scholarship program established in honor of Harvard’s 300th anniversary with the goal of encouraging and enabling a small number of the best students from across the nation to attend the university. At college, Golden was active in efforts in opposition to the Vietnam War. In May 1970 he tried to join the Venceremos Brigade, but was turned down. Golden instead volunteered along with northern students to support the work of Featherfield Farm, the first ever sharecroppers' cooperative, created under the Georgia Council on Human Relations in Southwest Georgia. The experience inspired Golden to leave Harvard and try to build a sustainable life on a plot of land in rural Southern Oregon, an experience chronicled in Golden's first published book, "Watermelon Summer: A Journal".
In the early 1970s, Golden worked as a river guide for American River Touring Association. Golden and his then girlfriend Catherine Shaw were featured in the 1978 documentary film "Riverdogs" by fellow Harvard alumnus Robb Moss, which followed 17 people on a month-long rafting trip down the Colorado River. The couple were married the next year.
In 1980, Golden was accepted into the Stanford University’s Broadcast Communications master's program after writing "Forest Blood", an essay about his life in the 1970s. The couple had two children before divorcing in 1994, and Shaw went on to have a career as a politician and political consultant. Both appeared in the 2003 documentary film "The Same River Twice", a follow-up to "Riverdogs".
Radio career.
Jeff Golden has spent 25 years in public broadcasting, print journalism, politics, and mediation. For 10 years, he was the host for National Public Radio’s show "Jefferson Exchange", from 1997-2007. This award-winning daily talk and interview program aired on NPR’s largest regional network in Southern Oregon and Northern California.
The show was described by the website as a “lively two-hour interactive program devoted to issues facing the State of Jefferson, the Northwest, the nation and the world. In the first hour, Jeff trades views with callers on a wide range of topics. In hour two, fascinating guests join in the discussion.”
Golden left the radio show in June 2007 to explore a candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2008 election. After opting to not run in August 2007, he started a new independent radio program called Immense Possibilities Radio (IPR). The purpose behind IPR, as describe by PERC.org, is to “strengthen civic involvement and harness the power of talk radio for quality, open-minded dialogue. By bringing individuals together on the air, Golden wants to minimize conflicts over ideology and focus on ‘what works.’”
Political career.
Golden served as County Commissioner for Jackson County, Oregon from 1987-1991. During this time he became involved in the spotted owl controversy and petitions for his recall circulated among logging advocacy groups. One result in the wake of the controversy was his nomination of John F. Kennedy Library Foundation Profile and Courage award. the nation's most prestigious honor for elected public servants Golden was the first nominee from Oregon.
In 1990, after narrowly losing to fourth-term Republican incumbent Lenn Hannon for a seat in the State Senate, Golden took the position of Bill Bradbury’s Chief of Staff in 1993. Bradbury was President of the Oregon Senate at the time.
In July, 2007, Golden announced his intention to run against Gordon Smith for the US Senate seat for Oregon. Golden stepped out of the election in August, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18697163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697163" title="Phoenix Police Department">
Phoenix Police Department

The Phoenix Police Department is the law enforcement agency responsible for the city of Phoenix, Arizona. Today, the Phoenix Police Department comprises more than 2,900 officers and more than 1,000 support personnel. The department protects a population of more than 1.6 million and patrol almost of the sixth largest city in the United States.
History.
Phoenix was incorporated as a city on February 5, 1881. Law enforcement was handled by Phoenix city marshals and later by Phoenix police officers. Henry Garfias, the first city marshal, was elected by residents in 1881 in the first elections of the newly incorporated city. For six years, he served as the primary law enforcement officer.
In the early 1900s, the Phoenix Police Department used Old Nelly, the horse, to pull the patrol wagon for officers. Most patrolling, however, was done on foot. The city at this time was only with a population of 11,134 people. Call boxes were used to notify an officer that headquarters wanted him. These were supplemented by a system of horns and flashing lights.
The first Phoenix police officer to be killed in the line of duty in Phoenix occurred on February 5, 1925. Officer Haze Burch was shot and killed by two brothers on the run from authorities. The men were later arrested when they were found hiding at the Tempe Buttes.
In 1929, patrolmen worked six days a week and were paid $100 a month. The police department moved into the west section of the new city-county building at 17 South 2nd Avenue. The building included jail cells on the top two floors. In 1933, Ruth Meicher joined the police department as the first female jail matron. The city at this time was only , with a population of 48,200. In the year prior, the first police radio system in Arizona was installed for the department with the call letters KGZJ.
The department reorganized in 1950 with four divisions, Traffic, Detectives, Patrol and Service Divisions. Officers worked 44 hours per week for $288 per month. In 1974, the Air patrol unit was established initially consisting of one helicopter. A few months later, a fixed wing aircraft and two additional helicopters were added.
In 2008, the department formed the Block Watch program. Which is a partnership between citizens and the police department to help deter youth from crime.The department also runs a similar program under the name G.A.I.N. which stands for Getting Arizona Involved in Neighborhoods. 
Structure.
The Phoenix Police Department is divided into six divisions: Patrol, Management Services, Support Services, Investigations, Strategic Services, and Reserve. 
Patrol Division.
The Phoenix Police Department Patrol Division is organized into eight precints. 
Desert Horizon (600)
The Desert Horizon precinct covers 74.92 square miles with an approximate population of 311,770 residents. This precinct also runs the Sunnyslope Neighborhood Police Station.
Black Mountain Precinct (200)
The Black Mountain Precinct covers 182 square miles with a population of 224,000 residents. This precinct also is responsible for the Goelet A.C. Beuf Neighborhood Police Station.
Cactus Park (900)
The Cactus Park precinct covers an area of 30 square miles with a population of 188,000 residents. 
Mountain View (700)
The Mountain View precinct covers an area of 36.71 square miles with a population of 214,386. 
Central City (500)
The Central City precinct covers 18 square miles with a population of 91,000.
The Estrella Mountain Precinct (300)
The Estrella Mountain precinct covers 69 square miles and is the city's newest and state-of-the-art facility.
Maryvale (800)
The Maryvale precinct covers 15.23 square miles with a population of 116,160.
South Mountain (400)
The South Mountain precinct covers 115.0 square miles with a population of 271,785.
Rank Structure.
After ten years in the rank of Sergeant, employees are authorized to add one rocker to the bottom of the sergeant stripes. After fifteen years in rank, two rockers are authorized and after twenty years in the rank of sergeant, three rockers are authorized to be added to the sergeant stripes. There is no associated elevation in actual rank, and no additional pay, as these extra rockers are optional and only meant to distinguish time in the grade and are not a promotion.
The Phoenix Police Department also uses shoulder patches to denote the positions of Sergeant-in-Training and Field Training Officer, although these are not official supervisory ranks.
Resources.
Transportation.
The Phoenix Police Department uses Ford Crown Victorias and Chevy Impalas for the newer cruisers.
The Phoenix Police Department uses Chevy Tahoe's for their SUVs.
The motorcycle division uses Honda ST1300P Motorcycles, Kawasaki 1000 Motorcycles, and Harley Davidson Motorcycles.
Aviation.
The department uses nine A119 helicopters.
The department also uses three Pilatus PC-12 planes. 
Fallen officers.
Since 1925, the Phoenix Police Department has suffered a total of 36 deaths in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="18697168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697168" title="Connecticut River Railroad Station">
Connecticut River Railroad Station

Connecticut River Railroad Station is a former railway station located between Lyman, Bowers, and Mosher Streets in Holyoke, Massachusetts. The station was part of the Connecticut River Railroad line and was built in 1883. The station is currently proposed to be located on the rerouted Amtrak "Vermonter" line, currently serving communities from Union Station in Washington, DC to St. Albans, Vermont. 
History.
Designed by the American architect Henry Hobson Richardson, this was one of the last in his series of Northeastern railroad stations. In 1965, the station was converted into a mechanical shop by Perry's Auto Parts, but was left vacant in recent years. Though much of the external structure remains intact, the building is littered with graffiti and falling into disrepair. In 2004, this structure (along with Richardson's house in Brookline, MA) was cited as one of the ten most endangered historic sites in Massachusetts.
The building was purchased from a private owner by the City of Holyoke's Gas & Electric department in May 2009, but plans to repair the building did not at the time include allowing its use as a rail depot. In early 2010, Dana Roscoe of the Pioneer Valley Planning Commission announced that the station may soon return to passenger rail service in part due to a major federal grant to rebuild the adjoining tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18697172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697172" title="Vilumilla">
Vilumilla

Vilumilla was the Mapuche Toqui elected in 1722 to lead the Mapuche Uprising of 1723 against the Spanish for their violation of the peace. 
The Mapuche resented the Spanish intruding into their territory and building forts, and also the insolence of those officials called "capitan de amigos" (Captain of Friends), introduced by a clause in the Parliament of Malloco for guarding the missionaries, but that had sought to exercise surveillance and authority over the native Mapuche which they used to establish a monopoly of the trade in ponchos which the Mapuche found unbearable. For these grievances, they met and determined, in 1722, to create a Toqui, and have recourse to war. Vilumilla was chosen, despite being a man of low rank, because he was one who had acquired a high reputation for his judgment, courage and his larger strategic view of the war to come.
Vilumilla set out to attack the Spanish settlements in 1723. However he was careful to warn the missionaries to quit the country, in order to avoid any being ill treated by his army. The capture of the fort of Tucapel was his first success and the garrison of the fort of Arauco, fearing the same fate, abandoned it. Having destroyed these two places he marched against the fort of Puren, but the garrison commander Urrea, opposed him so effectively that he was forced to besiege it. However in a short time the garrison was reduced to desperation from thirst, for the Mapuche had cut the aqueduct which supplied them with water. The commander made a sortie in order to procure some water and was slain together with his soldiers. At this critical point, the governor Gabriel Cano arrived with an army of five thousand men. Vilumilla, expecting battle immediately drew up his troops in order of battle behind a torrential river. Seeing this position Cano, though repeatedly provoked by the Mapuche, thought it advisable to abandon Puren, and retire with the garrison. 
The war afterwards became reduced to minor skirmishes, which was finally ended by the Parliament of Negrete of 1726, in which both sides signed the Peace of Negrete, where the Treaty of Quillan was reconfirmed, a system of regulated fairs were established and the hated title of Captain of Friends was abolished.

</doc>
<doc id="18697178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697178" title="Oswalt">
Oswalt

Oswalt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697185" title="Queen Marimba">
Queen Marimba

Queen Marimba is a folk hero whose accomplishments have become part of the folklore of Africa. As is customary in most African cultures she is considered to be a god and was one of the immortals. There has been scant research done on her and presently the most notable source for information on her life comes from the writings of Vusa'mazulu Credo Mutwa. Various renditions of his book have been published since the late 60's, including "My People, My Africa", "Indaba My Children" and "Africa Is My Witness."
She is associated with music and teaching the people to sing, as well as having created the forerunners of all the various instrument families. Instruments that she's credited with creating include ngoma (drum), marimba (xylophone), kalimba (lamellaphone), makweyana or musical bow and a raft zither or hand xylophone known as mukimbe.

</doc>
<doc id="18697186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697186" title="Northern Lakes Conference of Indiana">
Northern Lakes Conference of Indiana

The Northern Lakes Conference of Indiana (NLC) is an IHSAA-sanctioned athletic conference of high schools located within Elkhart, Kosciusko and Marshall counties in Indiana, United States.
History.
To deal with the reorganization and consolidation of high schools across Northern Indiana, an organizational meeting for the formation of the Northern Lakes Conference was held on February 3, 1963. Charter members of the NLC were the high schools of Bremen, Manchester, Nappanee, Plymouth, Rochester and Warsaw. The conference began competition in 1964–65 in Boys’ Baseball, Football, Basketball and Track. In 1965, Boys’ Tennis and Golf were added; Cross-Country was added in 1966; and Wrestling became a conference sport in 1968. The conference was “intended to provide good, clean competition and fellowship for the boys, the coaches, and the school bodies of the Northern Lakes region.”
Concord High School joined the NLC in 1967 and Wawasee High School joined in 1968. By 1970, all schools participated in all eight boys’ sports.
In the 1970s Girls’ sports were added. Conference competition began in 1976–77 in Basketball, Tennis, Track and Volleyball. In 1980 Swimming was added; Cross-Country was added in 1986, Softball in 1987; Golf in 1994; and Soccer in 1997.
Additional sports added to NLC Boys’ competition included Swimming in 1980 and Soccer in 1994.
Membership in the Northern Lakes Conference has fluctuated between six and eight schools throughout conference history. In 1976, Manchester changed conferences. 1987 and 1989, Rochester and Bremen withdrew memberships to begin competition with schools of lesser size and less travel than those of the NLC membership. Additions to the Northern Lakes Conference were Goshen in 1976 and Northridge in 1987. Elkhart Memorial begian competition in winter sports in 2000 and all other sports in 2001–02.
The Northern Lakes Conference is recognized as one of the athletic conferences in the state of Indiana. Competitions at the state level include NLC student athletes in most every sport. The NLC started offering a formal coaching education course in 1991. NLC principals and athletic directors are regularly seated in governing bodies for athletic administration at the state level.

</doc>
<doc id="18697188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697188" title="Gary Leppla">
Gary Leppla

Gary J. Leppla, is an attorney practicing law in Dayton, Ohio since 1978, who has served in various political, professional and community leadership positions in Ohio and Florida, including service as the President of the Ohio State Bar Association in 2008-2009. His push for various professional reforms, expansion of the inclusiveness of organizations which he has served, and reputation as an uncompromising advocate for individual and community causes have won him both supporters and critics. Mr. Leppla is a native of Cleveland, Ohio and graduate of The Ohio State University College of Law. He is admitted to practice in the State of Ohio (1978), and in the State of Florida (1990). He is the son of Ralph J. and Helen Kupski Leppla, and resides in Montgomery County, Ohio with spouse Patricia Lindenmuth Leppla, who have three children, Dominic, Miranda and Philip J. Leppla.
Mr. Leppla is a Board Certified Civil Trial Lawyer, as recognized by the Ohio Supreme Court and certified by the National Board of Trial Advocacy. He has been recognized by his peers with an AV rating in Martindale-Hubbell and is designated as a "Super Lawyer" by the Super Lawyers peer review publication.
Professional activities of Mr. Leppla include service as President of the Dayton Bar Association (1998-1999), President of the Out-of-State Practitioners Division of The Florida Bar (1994-1995), President of the Miami Valley Trial Lawyers Association (2010-2012) and of the Dayton Bar Association Foundation (2000-2001). Mr. Leppla served three terms on the Board of Governors of The Florida Bar (1998-2000, 2003-2007) where he co-founded the Equal Opportunity Law Section. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the Ohio Association for Justice (fka Ohio Academy of Trial Lawyers). 
Gary J. Leppla was appointed as a member of the Judicial Nominating Committee by Governor Ted Strickland in 2007 to nominate candidates to fill Judicial vacancies in Ohio, and is a life member of the NAACP. Ohio Chief Justice Thomas Moyer appointed Mr Leppla in 2009 to serve on the statewide committee to recommend overhaul of the Ohio attorney disciplinary system. Mr. Leppla serves on the boards of the Ohio Legal Assistance Foundation, the Law and Leadership Institute (as the original Convenor of the Board for which he led the fight for original funding). He has served as President of the Townview Advisory Council of the Salvation Army, and in 2011 was a Vice-president of the League of Women Voters of Ohio. Mr. Leppla was a member of The Ohio State University Marching Band (TBDBITL) and continues to serve as Legal Review Chair as a member of the Board of Governors for the Alumni organization for the Band (having advocated for the founding the Outreach Recruitment Committee in an effort to increase the diversity of the OSUMB. In 2010 Mr. Leppla was awarded the Script Ohio Award, the highest recognition given by the TBDBITL Alumni Club, for his exemplary service to the Ohio State University Marching Band organizations. 
Mr. Leppla is the principal attorney at Leppla Associates, Ltd. which serves individuals, businesses and family clients in a litigation practice emphasizing business and property matters, injury claims, product liability, malpractice, land use and ethics. The firm has represented plaintiffs in a variety of settings including those involving trial verdicts in Montgomery, Miami, Preble, Greene and Warren counties in the Greater Dayton area, as well as throughout Ohio, including one of the largest malpractice verdicts in Montgomery County history in a case involving a failure to diagnosis cancer. Mr. Leppla routinely advises and represents bar associations, lawyers and judges in matters of professional ethics.

</doc>
<doc id="18697194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697194" title="Opdenbosch's mangabey">
Opdenbosch's mangabey

Opdenbosch's mangabey ("Lophocebus opdenboschi") is a species of crested mangabey in the Cercopithecidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the black crested mangabey, ("L. aterrimus").

</doc>
<doc id="18697206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697206" title="VUF-5681">
VUF-5681

VUF-5681 is a potent and selective histamine antagonist which binds selectively to the H3 subtype. However while VUF-5681 blocks the activity of more potent H3 agonists, recent studies suggest that it may have some weak partial agonist activity when administered by itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18697210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697210" title="North Conway Depot and Railroad Yard">
North Conway Depot and Railroad Yard

The North Conway Depot and Railroad Yard is a rail depot in yard located in North Conway, New Hampshire. Built in 1874, the yard and depot were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. It is designed by Nathaniel J. Bradlee in the Second Empire style. The station is also the terminus for the Conway Scenic Railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="18697221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697221" title="Agneta Prytz">
Agneta Prytz

Agneta Prytz (15 December 1916 – 4 July 2008) was a Swedish movie and stage actress who appeared in thirty-six films over the course of her career. Prytz was the wife of Swedish director, Gösta Folke, who died in April 2008.
Prytz was born Ingrid Agneta Prytz on 15 December 1916 in the city of Gothenburg, Sweden. She worked in many roles at the Gothenburg City Theatre from 1942 until 1946. Her breakthrough film came in the Gösta Folke directed film, "Neglected by His Wife", in 1947. Prytz and Folke were also married later in 1947. She continued to be cast in several of his films and TV movies during her career.
Prytz appeared opposite fellow Swedish actors, Liv Ullmann and Max von Sydow, in a total of three films which were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film: Jan Troell's "The Emigrants" in 1971; a sequel to "The Emigrants", "The New Land", which was also directed by Troell; and Sven Nykvist's "The Ox" in 1991. She also provided the voice of Gammel-Maja in the 1985 animated sequel, "Peter-No-Tail in Americat" ("Pelle Svanslös i Amerikatt"). Her stage credits included "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?".
Her last on screen performance came in the dramatic short, "Gone Fishing" ("Man kan alltid fiska"), which was directed by Angelica Lundqvist and released on 25 December 1995.
Agneta Prytz died on 4 July 2008 in Lidingö, Sweden, at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="18697226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697226" title="HLA-B52">
HLA-B52

HLA-B52 (B52) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the more common HLA-B*52 gene products. 
B52 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B5, and is a sister type of B51. B*5201 likely formed as a result of a gene conversion event between another HLA-B allele and HLA-B*5101.
There are a number of alleles within the B*52 allele group.
Alleles.
There are 18 alleles, with 14 amino acid sequence variants in B52. Of these only 9 are frequent enough to have been reliably serotyped. B*5201 is the most common, but others have a large regional abundance.
Disease.
In ulcerative colitis.
HLA-B52 appears to have the strongest linkage to ulcerative colitis in Japan. This form of disease is frequently found with Takayasu's arteritis.
In Takayasu's arteritis.
Takayasu's arteritis appears to have an independent link to B52 associated disease. The association with B*5201 increases risk of pulmonary infarction, ischemic heart disease, aortic regurgitation, systemic hypertension, renal artery stenosis, cerebrovascular disease, and visual disturbance.

</doc>
<doc id="18697246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697246" title="Avrupalı">
Avrupalı

Avrupalı is a 2007 Turkish comedy film directed by Ulaş Ak, starring Cem Davran, Yasemin Kozanoğlu, Sema Öztürk, İlknur Soydaş and Aydemir Akbaş. It was released on October 12, 2007.
References.
"This article is based on a translation of the equivalent article from the Turkish Wikipedia on 3 August 2008".

</doc>
<doc id="18697252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697252" title="All the Pretty Boys">
All the Pretty Boys

All the Pretty Boys is the first album from Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Sophie Koh.
The album is notable as it was produced by Aria Award winning producer Richard Pleasance and contains some of the final recordings of former Crowded House drummer Paul Hester.
The first single from the album "Anywhere" was given significant airplay on radio station triple j and ABC TV's "Rage". The song was also featured on "Video Hits".
Immediately after the release of this album, Sophie Koh and band joined The Go-Betweens as their support acts for their final ever Australian tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18697254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697254" title="John Holland (baseball executive)">
John Holland (baseball executive)

John David Holland (February 18, 1910 – July 15, 1979) was an American baseball executive who served as general manager of the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball from 1956 to 1975. The Wichita, Kansas, native was a former minor league catcher who had toiled as an executive in the Cub farm system for the Visalia Cubs of the California League, Des Moines Bruins of the Western League, and Los Angeles Angels of the Pacific Coast League — then the Cubs' top farm team.
Holland was promoted from the PCL Angels to succeed Wid Matthews as general manager of the Cubs after the end of the 1956 season. He brought with him Bob Scheffing as the Cubs' new manager. Scheffing, a former Cub catcher and coach, had won the PCL pennant with the Angels in 1956. But the Cubs were in the midst of a two-decade-long tenancy in the second division of the National League. After Scheffing and his successors, Charlie Grimm and Lou Boudreau, could not rouse the club from its doldrums, owner Philip K. Wrigley decided on a radical departure after the 1960 season: the Cubs became the only team in the history of major league baseball to dispense with the position of field manager. Wrigley's College of Coaches employed a series of rotating (and then more permanent) "head coaches" from 1961 to 1965. In 1963, the experiment seemed to hold promise, as head coach Bob Kennedy led the team to an 82–80 finish, the Cubs' first winning record since 1946. But they reverted to losing seasons in 1964–65, and the College of Coaches experiment was abandoned at the end of the 1965 season, when Leo Durocher was hired to manage the Cubs.
The team of Durocher and Holland floundered in 1966, when the Cubbies finished dead last in the National League. But beginning in 1967, the Cubs jumped into contention in the NL with a series of first division ballclubs and six straight above .500 campaigns, led by four Baseball Hall of Famers — Billy Williams, Ferguson Jenkins, Ernie Banks and Ron Santo — and featuring other stars like Glenn Beckert, Don Kessinger and Randy Hundley. Banks was already a mainstay with the Cubs by 1956, but Holland's scouts (including the legendary Buck O'Neil) had signed and developed Williams, Santo and Kessinger, and Holland acquired Jenkins, Hundley and Beckert through trades and the Rule 5 draft. The 1969 Cubs broke from the gate quickly and appeared headed for the National League East Division championship but were overtaken by the "Miracle" New York Mets. The 1969 campaign proved to be the high-water mark of the Holland era, as the Cubs gradually sank back in the NL East standings, reverting to their losing ways in 1973. Holland retired two seasons later and was replaced by E. R. "Salty" Saltwell, the Cubs' longtime treasurer.
John Holland died in Chicago at the age of 69.

</doc>
<doc id="18697261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697261" title="Johnston's mangabey">
Johnston's mangabey

Johnston’s mangabey (Lophocebus johnstoni) is a species of crested mangabey in the Cercopithecidae family. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the gray-cheeked mangabey ("L. albigena"), but recently (2007) was given the status of species by Groves, with Osman Hill's mangabey ("L. osmani") and the Uganda mangabey ("L. ugandae").

</doc>
<doc id="18697277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697277" title="Cerro Toro">
Cerro Toro

Cerro Toro is a Cretaceous landform of the Magallanes Foreland the Patagonian region of southeastern Chile. The Cerro Toro is an element of the southern Andes Mountain Range. The Andes fundamentally are the result of plate tectonics processes, caused by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South American plate. The formation of the Cerro Toro began in the Jurassic Period. The Cueva del Milodón Natural Monument is situated on the southern flank of Cerro Benitez associated with the Cerro Toro formation.

</doc>
<doc id="18697289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697289" title="2008 Winton round of the V8 Supercar Championship">
2008 Winton round of the V8 Supercar Championship

The eighth round of the V8 Supercar Championship was held at Winton Motor Raceway, Benalla Victoria on the weekend of August 1 to August 3.
Qualifying.
Qualifying was held on Saturday August 2. Chris Pither rejoined the series driving the Team Kiwi Racing Falcon, replacing Kayne Scott as the team continued to struggle from one drama to the next. Mark Winterbottom was too quick for the field, securing pole position.
Race 1.
Race 1 was held on Saturday August 2. Mark Winterbottom started from pole position and lead early but a puncture caused by debris dumped the series points leader down the field as he limped the car around, keeping the car on track until the compulsory pit stop window opened.
Will Davison emerged from the pit stop cycle in the race lead but was over taken by Jamie Whincup while Davison was vulnerable with cold tyres. Whincup went on to take his fifth race win of the year. Davison ran home for second with Garth Tander first Holden in third. Fourth place was Jason Richards best of season for both him and the Tasman Motorsports team. Steven Richards was fifth with Lee Holdsworth finishing sixth. Todd Kelly was well up in seventh with ninth an excellent result for Michael Caruso. Winterbottom recovered to 21st position.
After racing was completed Holdsworth was penalised 32 seconds after contact with Rick Kelly had sent the HSV Dealer Team driver off the circuit, dropping him to effectively 18th position.
Race 2.
Race 2 was held on Sunday August 3. Contact between Jason Richards and Steven Richards resulted in Jason Richards spinning in front of the field at just the second corner of the race. Russell Ingall was put out of the race after contact with Steven Richards damaged the front end of his Commodore as Richards moved right to avoid. Michael Caruso was jammed against the wall by the crashing Jason Richards. Mark Skaife was punted by another car into a wall on the inside as he tried to avoid the developing accident. The final victim was Steven Richards a broken rear axle sidelining the Falcon late in the race. The car was given a patch repair and sent out to finish the race to get some points.
Will Davison again emerged from the pitstop cycle in the lead, this time with enough of a buffer over the second place that he raced on to take his second V8 Supercar race win. Hard-charging Mark Winterbottom blitzed the field to climb into second position after the pitstops. Garth Tander was again third ahead of teammates Jamie Whincup and Craig Lowndes with Rick Kelly sixth.
Lee Holdsworth recovered from his penalty for a fine seventh position. He had been the centre of chaos on the grid after he was sent out by his team to start sixth after the Garry Rogers Motorsport team protested the validity of the overnight stewards meeting that had penalised him. He did take up 18th grid spot however and fought his way back through the field. Jason Bright finished eighth in a season best result for the struggling Britek Motorsport team.
Shane Van Gisbergen received a drive-through penalty for crossing the painted 'blend line' at pit lane exit where the pit lane blends back into the racetrack. He would later received a second drive-through after he made a significant short-cut of the circuit after spearing off. Greg Murphy had a huge spin after contact with Michael Patrizi for which the young Ford Rising Stars Racing driver was given a drive-through penalty.
Race 3.
Race 3 was held on Sunday August 3. Mark Winterbottom got the jump off the start for Race 3, and led Will Davison and Garth Tander into turn one. However Tander jumped into second place by passing Davison at turn 3 on the opening lap. At the same time as this was happening, race leader Winterbottom locked a front tyre and ran off the circuit onto the grass. Upon re-entering the track he made contact with Todd Kelly, and spun off at turn four, this time into the sand trap. This brought the safety car out on lap one to clear the stuck Ford Performance Racing car of Winterbottom, with Tander becoming the new race leader and Davison in second. It turned out to be a disastrous race for the Ford Performance Racing team, with Steven Richards also involved in an accident, resulting in a bent steering arm and subsequent retirement from the race.
The order changed at the front of the field after the compulsory pitstops were complete. With Garth Tander choosing to stay out longer before taking his pitstop, Will Davison and Jamie Whincup pitted, with Whincup performing his stop one lap beforehand. When leaving the pitlane, Davison surrendered second position to Whincup, who was already on warmer tyres. James Courtney was one of the last of the front-runners to take his pitstop, however a drama with the left rear tyre not been put on properly during the stop resulted in the wheel falling off the car only a few metres from leaving his pitbox. This ruined Courtney's race three hopes, with the team having to use a manual jack to lift the car off the ground to get it back to the pit box.
After his penalty earlier in the day, Lee Holdsworth recovered well, coming out in third position after pitting. Tander continued to lead the rest of the race, taking his fifth race victory for the season. The race win also bumped Tander back up into the lead position in the championship.
Results.
Results as follows:
Standings.
After round 8 of 14.
Support categories.
The 2008 Winton round of the V8 Supercar Championship had four support categories.

</doc>
<doc id="18697291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697291" title="Osman Hill's mangabey">
Osman Hill's mangabey

Osman Hill’s mangabey ("Lophocebus osmani") is a species of crested mangabey in the Cercopithecidae family. It was formerly considered a subspecies of the gray-cheeked mangabey, "L. albigena". It was named after William Charles Osman Hill, a primatologist, anthropologist, and anatomist from the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18697311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697311" title="Zion Reformed Church (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)">
Zion Reformed Church (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

Zion Reformed Church of the United Church of Christ, more commonly known as Zion Reformed Church or Zion UCC is a congregation of the United Church of Christ in the borough of Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It belongs to the Mercersburg Association of the Penn Central Conference of the United Church of Christ.
The congregation was organized in 1778 or 1779, but its first church building was not built until 1811-1813. This structure is still used for weekly worship, besides special services and other events, and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is one of three churches in Chambersburg known as "rose rent churches." Every June these churches pay a single rose in rent to the descendants of Benjamin and Jane Chambers, according to the terms of the 18th century deeds. The church is built in a classic Georgian style. For many years it had the largest auditorium in Chambersburg and hosted many well-known speakers, including Archbishop John Hughes in 1842 and Schuyler Colfax in 1867, then Speaker of the House and later Vice President.
Besides the building itself, its two original chandeliers are of interest. The chandelier in the entryway is plain and has been electrified. The other, in the sanctuary, is a Waterford crystal chandelier, and is similar to some which are found in St. Paul's Cathedral, although it is larger than them. It is lit on Thanksgiving Eve and Christmas Eve every year.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979, and is located in the Chambersburg Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18697322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697322" title="Old Etonian (cocktail)">
Old Etonian (cocktail)

An Old Etonian is a gin cocktail which enjoyed great popularity in London, circa 1925. The cocktail takes its name from Eton College and from the college's alumni, who are often referred to as Old Etonians. The Garden Hotel in London is an example of an establishment that had mastered the Old Etonian cocktail during that era.

</doc>
<doc id="18697324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697324" title="Black Mountain Rag">
Black Mountain Rag

Black Mountain Rag is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 2006. It contains songs taken from albums that Doc and Merle recorded on the Flying Fish label in the 1980s.
A 1990 trio bonus track of "Blackberry Blossom" with Doc, Norman Blake and Tony Rice is included.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Steve Leggett wrote of the album "... what is immediately striking about this compilation is how varied it is, even as it settles nicely into familiar "Watson country." Again, there's no such thing as a bad Doc Watson album, and this one, like all the others, shows why he's a true national treasure."
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="18697330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697330" title="VUF-6002">
VUF-6002

VUF-6002 (JNJ 10191584) is a drug which acts as a potent and selective antagonist at the histamine H4 receptor. It has antiinflammatory and analgesic effects in animal studies of acute inflammation.

</doc>
<doc id="18697340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697340" title="Tsay Jaw-yang">
Tsay Jaw-yang

Tsay Jaw-yang (; died July 12, 2008) was a Taiwanese politician who served as the country's minister of Transportation and Communications. He died of pneumonia on July 12, 2008, at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="18697349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697349" title="Mustapha Labsi">
Mustapha Labsi

Mustapha Labsi, an Algerian living in London, England, was arrested in 2001 on terrorism charges, which were later dropped. He was re-arrested in 2003 for the same charges.
Life.
Labsi was a former roommate of Ahmed Ressam, and travelled to Khalden training camp with him in 1998.
Arrests.
In February 2001, Labsi among ten British Muslims arrested and accused of plotting attacks for al-Qaeda. All ten were charged with ""possessing computers, electronic equipment documents, credit cards, false identity documentation, forged credit cards and sums of money in circumstances which give rise to reasonable suspicion that the articles were connected with the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism"", and Labsi was accused of maintaining ties to an alleged terrorist cell in Germany. By October, eight were released; but Labsi and Abu Doha were held and labeled "significant players" in the terrorist plot.
After his arrest, his Slovakian wife was committed to a mental institute.
On March 4 2005, Labsi was among seven Belmarsh detainees who drafted an open letter decrying their detention.
In March 2006, Labsi's extradition to France was finalized. However, France released him, and he traveled to Slovakia where his wife and son had returned. He was arrested in Slovakia, but fled a refugee camp near Samorin (Trnava region) amid decision-making procedures on his asylum application on December 19; he was subsequently arrested in Austria, where he awaits extradition to Slovakia. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697357" title="List of gaps of Virginia">
List of gaps of Virginia

This is a list of gaps in the U.S. state of Virginia.
By mountain range.
This list is arranged by mountain ranges.
Blue Ridge Mountains.
This list of Virginia Blue Ridge gaps is listed starting from north to south.

</doc>
<doc id="18697386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697386" title="Klaus Hoffmann">
Klaus Hoffmann

Klaus Hoffmann (born March 26, 1951, Berlin) is a German singer, songwriter and actor.
Career.
Klaus Hoffmann started his career as a singer-songwriter during the late 1960s in the alternative Berlin club culture. After travelling to Afghanistan in 1969, he began training as an actor at the Berlin Max-Reinhardt-Schule für Schauspiel.
Since 1974, Hoffmann has starred in several renowned theatre and television productions. He became famous for his portrayal of Edgar Wibeau in the 1976 film adaptation of Ulrich Plenzdorfs "Die neuen Leiden des jungen W.", for which performance he won several German film awards.
While working as an actor, Hoffmann continued to pursue a career as a singer-songwriter. He released his first album in 1974 and has since recorded more than 30 albums. He regularly performs live and has won several prestigious German music awards.
Hoffmann’s songs are characterised by their sophisticated, sensitive and descriptive lyrics. Rooted in his childhood in working class, post war Berlin and his teenage years during the 1968 student uprisings, Hoffmann’s lyrics often reflect on the inner conflict between the warmth and security of the familiar and the freedom and possibilities of the unknown. He has gained recognition for his songs about his hometown of Berlin - "Berlin", "Was fang ich an in dieser Stadt?" ("What am I supposed to do in this town?"), "Kreuzberger Walzer" ("Kreuzberg Waltz") - which rank him among the representatives of the Berlin Chanson tradition besides German artists Hildegard Knef and Harald Juhnke.
Together with his wife Malene Steger, Hoffmann lives in his hometown of Berlin.
Brel interpreter.
Hoffmann is considered the leading German interpreter of the Belgian chansonnier Jacques Brel. His repertoire includes a wide range of adaptations of Brel's chansons. In 1997, Hoffmann's musical "Brel - die letzte Vorstellung" ("Brel – the last performance"), which he had written with permission of Therese Brel, the widow of Jacques Brel, received its world premiere. Hoffmann performed his program "Klaus Hoffmann singt Jacques Brel" in the Maison Heinrich Heine in Paris on 9 October 2008, the 30th anniversary of the death of Jacques Brel.

</doc>
<doc id="18697403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697403" title="John Lysak">
John Lysak

John Lysak (born August 16, 1914) is an American canoer who competed in the Olympic Games in 1936 in Berlin. Born in New Jersey but raised in an orphanage in New York, he competed in the 1936 Olympics in Men's Folding Kayak Doubles, 10 kilometres, but did not win a medal, placing 7th. After a stint in the United States Marine Corps during World War II, Lysak attended Springfield College and worked as a painting contractor until the age of 62. As of 2008 he is the San Francisco Bay Area's oldest living former United States Olympian.
Early life.
Lysak was born in Bound Brook, New Jersey on August 16, 1914. His brother, Steven Lysak, was a gold and silver medal-winning canoer at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London. When John was four years old, his mother died in the 1918 flu pandemic, and his father was forced to send his two sisters to live with relatives in New York. The Lysak brothers, however, were sent to an orphanage in New Jersey for two years, before being transferred to Yonkers, New York.
In their spare time, the duo constructed homemade boats along the Hudson River using tar paper and barrel staves. They soon joined a local rowing club after their talent caught the attention of the members. There John met Jimmy O'Rourke, who was to become his partner at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Olympic career.
On their journey to Berlin, Lysak and O'Rourke destroyed much of the equipment in the ship's gymnasium and were prohibited from entering it for most of the trip. Lysak competed with O'Rourke in Men's Folding Kayak Doubles, 10 kilometres, on a lake just outside of the capital city. The duo did not win a medal, placing 7th in the competition.
While observing some of the athletic events, he claims to have witnessed Adolf Hitler refusing to congratulate or shake the hand of Jesse Owens. On the return journey to the United States, Lysak encountered Owens and inquired about the incident. According to Lysak, Owens responded that "that kind of thing had been going on his whole life. He'd gotten used to it." After the games, Lysak never returned to Europe.
Later life.
Lysak returned to the United States and graduated from Springfield College in Massachusetts, where he met his wife, June. He served as a United States Marine during World War II in the South Pacific. After the war, Lysak moved to California to work as a painting contractor, until he retired at the age of 62. His wife, with whom he had two sons, died in 2001. As of 2008, Lysak is in fair health, having been able to kayak until 2002, and lives in Fremont, California with his two sons and a German shepherd. As of 2008 he is the San Francisco Bay Area's oldest living former Olympian, although he does not display any memorabilia from the games in his house.

</doc>
<doc id="18697410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697410" title="Aulad (1962 film)">
Aulad (1962 film)

Aulaad, a Pakistani Urdu black & white film, was a classic melodious film of 1962. The film was released on 3 August or 10 August, 1962 by F. & Y. Movies. The film was produced by F.M. Sardar and S.M. Yousuf and also directed by S.M. Yousuf. Casting included Habib, Nayyar Sultana, Waheed Murad, Rukhsana, Talish and Rehana. "Aulaad" was the first film of Waheed Murad's career as an actor. Waheed played a secondary role in the film. Habib and Nayyar Sultana played lead roles.
Release.
Aulaad was released on 3 August or 10 August, 1962 on Pakistani cinemas and proved to be one of the greatest hit of 1962. The film ran 32 weeks on main cinemas and 57 weeks on other cinemas in Karachi and became a 'Golden Jubilee film'.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by a famous musician of his time, A. Hameed. The songs were written by Fyaz Hashmi and sung by Naseem Begam and Muneer Hussein:
Awards.
"Aulaad" won 2 Nigar Awards in the following categories:

</doc>
<doc id="18697417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697417" title="Queens Reach">
Queens Reach

Queens Reach is the last arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Queen Victoria of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18697420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697420" title="Dorian Society">
Dorian Society

The Dorian Society (1962–1988) was the first New Zealand organisation for homosexual men. It was primarily a social club that avoided political action. In 1963, it took the first steps towards law reform by forming a legal subcommittee that collected books and other resources. It also provided legal advice to its members. By 1967 it sought advice from the English Homosexual Law Reform Society and Albany Trust on the legislative changes occurring there. This led to a New Zealand society dedicated to law reform. Its first project was a petition, signed by 75 prominent citizens, that was presented to (and rejected by) Parliament in 1968.
The Wolfenden Association.
About 150 people attended a public meeting in Wellington on 17 April 1967 to form a society to work for homosexual law reform. It called itself the Wolfenden Association, but it soon became the New Zealand Homosexual Law Reform Society. Lord Cobham, a former governor-general, was invited to become its patron. His letter to the society secretary, Jack Goodwin, declining patronage was blunt and expressed a common attitude:
'These people are mentally sick to as great an extent as, for example, people suffering from smallpox are sick. The whole problem of legalizing this offence seems to me to hinge upon the extent to which the disease is contagious.'
Note.
The Dorian Society of Seattle, which was organized in 1967, was Seattle's first documented gay organization. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697442" title="Vanguard Visionaries (Doc Watson album)">
Vanguard Visionaries (Doc Watson album)

Vanguard Visionaries is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2007.
History.
Vanguard Records had a high profile during the 1960s folk revival and released music by many folk artists such as Watson, Odetta, John Fahey and many others. To celebrate their 60th anniversary, Vanguard has released a series of artist samplers called "Vanguard Visionaries" from the 1960s and early-'70s era. It contains a small track listing and all the tracks are available on other compilation packages.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Steve Leggett wrote of the album "A true American treasure, Watson recorded some ten albums for Vanguard in the 1960s beginning in 1964, each full of his rich, everyman singing and startling guitar and banjo skills. This brief sampler is representative of Watson's work with the label..."
Track listing.
All songs Traditional unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18697450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697450" title="Chatterbox Falls">
Chatterbox Falls

Chatterbox Falls is located at the head or end of Princess Louisa Inlet. It is part of the Loquilts river which empties into the inlet. The falls are a popular destination for boaters around the world and are part of the BC Parks marine park system which manages the area with the cooperation of the Princess Louisa International Society. Just upstream from Chatterbox Falls lies the James Bruce Falls, which is claimed to be the tallest waterfall of North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18697453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697453" title="The Philadelphia Dance Company">
The Philadelphia Dance Company

The Philadelphia Dance Company (also known as Philadanco) is a professional dance company based in Philadelphia, PA that specializes in modern contemporary dance. The organization was founded in 1970 by Artistic Director Joan Myers Brown. The company tours both nationally and internationally in addition to their regular appearances locally at the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, the Painted Bride Art Center, and other venues in the Philadelphia area. Part of the company's tour schedule is supported by the National Endowment for the Arts' Regional Arts Touring Program and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts.
History.
The Philadelphia Dance Company (Philadanco) was created in 1970 by Joan Myers Brown with the intention of providing a dance institution for African-American students who were not welcome in other schools and companies. Philadanco’s mission, determined upon the company’s inception is: “To present the highest quality of professional dance performance, and to provide exceptional training for the improvement of skills for emerging professional dancers and choreographers in a nurturing environment while increasing the appreciation of dance among its many communities.” This outlook has stood the test of time, and remains a driving force behind everything Philadanco does.
Divisions.
Philadanco conducts programs that are divided into four main components: the professional company, D/2 Apprentice Company, an Instruction and Training Program, and a Summer Training Program.
Professional Company.
The professional company of Philadanco is an internationally recognized modern dance company. Throughout the year, the company provides countless performances throughout the year via domestic and international tours, and at their home theater, Philadelphia’s Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts, during the months of fall and spring. Philadanco also established the International Association of Blacks in Dance (IABD), an organization that allows the black dance community to address common issues, pool their resources, and establish collaborations which result in beneficial advancements to the dance community as a whole.
Repertory.
Philadanco’s repertory includes numerous works from pioneers of modern dance such as Christopher Huggins and Jawole Willa Jo Zollar. The professional company’s original choreographies and choreographers have been inspiring mentors to other emerging companies in the area. The prevalence of these original works serve as a testament to Philadanco’s artistic abilities as they have weathered the challenges faced by many Black modern dance companies. Below is a list of the pieces currently included in Philadanco’s repertory:
D/2.
D/2 is the apprentice training company for Philadanco’s professional company. It claims to provide unrivaled experience opportunities for young dancers who are not prepared to make the full transition to the world of professional dance. D/2 is under the instruction of Donald T. Lunsford, and when smaller organizations request a Philadanco performance, D/2 is able to fill the void that might have been left due to the professional company’s hectic performance schedule.
Instruction and Training Program.
Philadanco’s Instruction and Training Program is a forty week experience during which, members attend classes with nationally recognized dance instructors. This program is the foundation of Philadanco’s structure as it allows the young people of Philadelphia early and intense exposure to dance in the hopes that their talents will serve to raise the caliber of Philadanco’s future apprentice and professional companies. Students receive training in numerous styles of dance including: ballet, jazz, African, tap, and specific modern techniques such as established by Katherine Dunham and Lester Horton. Their annual concert, “Danco on Danco” allows the students to demonstrate their dance and choreographic skills acquired through the Instruction and Training Program.
Summer Training Program.
Through the summer, Philadanco redirects its focus to preparing younger students for entry into the Instruction and Training Program. Although students from the Instruction and Training program commonly participate in both outlets, the summer program can act as an intense “crash-course” providing insight to the rigors of a dancer’s lifestyle. Training is provided in the three core genres of dance: ballet, jazz, and modern.
Community Outreach.
In addition to providing dance education, Philadanco is an active participant in the arts community and a strong supporter of arts education. A few of the company’s more notable accomplishments include

</doc>
<doc id="18697460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697460" title="Kashmir gray langur">
Kashmir gray langur

The Kashmir gray langur ("Semnopithecus ajax") is an Old World monkey, one of the species of langurs. This, like other gray langurs, is a leaf-eating monkey. It has been reported from northern India west into Pakistani Kashmir and in Nepal, but evidence indicates it only occurs within a single valley in Himachal Pradesh, India. 
It was formerly considered a subspecies of "Semnopithecus entellus" and is one of several "Semnopithecus" species named after characters from "The Iliad", along with "Semnopithecus hector" and "Semnopithecus priam".
The Kashmir gray langur is considered to be endangered. This is due to its restricted range, fragmented population, and threats from human agriculture and development activities. It is arboreal and diurnal, and lives in several types of forests at altitudes between 2200 and 4000 meters.
The birthing season for the Kashmir gray langur runs from January through June, although almost half of all infants are born in March. The infants are weaned at a higher age than most Asian colobines. While most Asian colobines wean their young within the first year, Kashmir gray langurs wean their young on average at 25 months. This is apparently due to nutritional constraints, since monkeys in poorer sites wean their young at an older age. The interbirth interval for females is about 2.4 years.
Alloparental care occurs in Kashmir's gray langur for up to 5 months. Males are usually protective of infants, but infanticide occasionally occurs. 
Although most Asian colobine groups contain only a single adult male and multiple females, multimale groups are known to occur within "Semnopithecus" species. With Kashmir's Gray Langur, multimale groups may include as many as five adult males. Females initiate copulation by soliciting a male, but not all solicitations result in copulation.

</doc>
<doc id="18697465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697465" title="All Shook Up (Sophie Koh album)">
All Shook Up (Sophie Koh album)

All Shook Up is the second full-length release from Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Sophie Koh. The album was produced by J Walker from Machine Translations. It will be released in Australia and New Zealand on 9 August 2008. It features a song entirely in Chinese written by San Mao

</doc>
<doc id="18697489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697489" title="Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim (Mobile, Alabama)">
Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim (Mobile, Alabama)

Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim is the oldest Jewish congregation in the state of Alabama and one of the oldest Reform Jewish congregations in the United States. Located in Mobile, the congregation was formally organized in 1844. The current synagogue for the congregation is the Springhill Avenue Temple.
History.
The first permanent Jewish presence in Mobile can be documented back to 1763. Most of these early Jews were merchants and traders, having moved to Mobile after the French lost their North American possessions to Great Britain in the Treaty of Paris. Jews were not allowed to officially reside in colonial French Louisiana due to the infamous Code Noir, a decree passed by France's King Louis XIV in 1685. It is known that the code was rarely enforced in the colony, but there is no documentation of Jews residing in Mobile at that time.
The first prominent Jewish citizens of Mobile were George Davis, an Englishman from Tuscaloosa, Alabama; Dr. Solomon Mordecai from North Carolina; and Philip Phillips, an attorney from Charleston, South Carolina. Phillips was later elected to the Alabama State Legislature and then to the United States Congress. By the time of Phillips election to Congress in 1853, over fifty Jewish families were living in Mobile. Although no records survive that document the spiritual activities of Mobile's earliest Jewish citizens, on June 22, 1841 Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim purchased plots in the city's Magnolia Cemetery.
Despite the earlier purchase of burial plots, the congregation did not become officially organized until January 25, 1844 when a constitution and bylaws were registered with the Mobile County Probate Court. The constitution was signed by Israel Jones, president; David Solomon, vice-president; L.H. Goldsmith, treasurer; and D. Unger, B.L. Tim, and Roshon as trustees. The congregation's full name in the document is listed as Sha’arai Shomayim U - Maskil El Dol or Gates of Heaven and Society of Friends of the Needy. At the time of organization, the congregation had over fifty contributing members. They then began planning the erection of a place of worship.
Early synagogues.
During 1844 and 1845, Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim held services on Friday evenings and "Shabbat" morning in private homes. On March 13, 1846, the congregation appointed its first rabbi, Benjamin da Silva. On December 27, 1846, they dedicated their first temple, the Emanuel Street Synagogue, located between Government and Church Streets. The first marriage ceremony was performed there on July 25, 1847. In late 1848, Benjamin da Silva moved to New Orleans and Baruch M. Emanuel was appointed to lead the congregation. By 1850, the need for a new house of worship was apparent and the congregation purchased the old Musical Association Hall, a building that could accommodate 300 worshipers.
The congregation had outgrown the Musical Association Hall almost as soon as they moved into it. On March 11, 1853 they dedicated their Jackson Street Synagogue. The building had been built as a Unitarian church in 1846. Baruch Emanuel gave up leading the congregation in early 1853, before services had been held in the new building. Julius Eckman was appointed as the new rabbi but quickly fell into disfavor. He was succeeded by Dr. Isaac Schatz. The congregation suffered a catastrophe on December 11, 1856 when the new synagogue burned down. A stove in the basement caught the wooden building on fire. The congregation turned to selling subscriptions in order to rebuild on the same site. Several non-Jews contributed to the rebuilding, among them Dr. Josiah C. Nott and N. St. John. A month after the disaster the congregation published a thank you notice in the "The Mobile Daily Register" to "our fellow citizens of Mobile" for their assistance after the fire. By the end of March 1857 the members had collected $3,555 in donations and on June 2, 1857 the congregation broke ground for a new synagogue. The new building would be stuccoed brick in the Greek Revival style with Ionic columns.
The Civil War years.
With the coming of the American Civil War, Congregation Sha'arai Shomayim saw many of its members serving in the Confederate States Army. Men known to have served include Moses Holberg, S. Pickard, Adolph Proskauer, Joseph Proskauer, S. Rosewald, M.H. Rochotsch, L. Siegel, J. Sonnentheil, S. Stein, Nathan Strauss, and Leopold Strauss. Congregation members known to have died in the conflict include Joel Jones and Conrad Weill. The congregation created a Hebrew Military Relief Association with a mission of aiding Confederate soldiers and their families. Its initial assets were $1,416.
Cemetery.
The congregation's old cemetery in a section of Magnolia Cemetery was full by the 1870s, making a new cemetery a necessity. The congregation purchased land for the new cemetery, now known as Sha'arai Shomayim Cemetery, from William and Caroline Leinkauf on March 17, 1876. They adopted a number of resolutions for governing the new cemetery and placed the lot prices at $50 per lot. The new site, near Magnolia Cemetery, was consecrated on December 3, 1876. The cemetery was laid out by Samuel Brown, the congregation's vice president. He had live oaks planted around the perimeter of the grounds, and in 1890 the ornamental cast-iron gate and fence was installed. The first burial was that of Israel Jones, on December 28, 1876. One of the most notable interments to ever take place in the cemetery was that of Esau Frohlichstein on May 14, 1914. He was one of fourteen American soldiers killed in the U.S. siege of Veracruz during the Mexican Revolution. Thousands of Mobilians took part in his burial service and his marker is inscribed with a letter that he wrote to his parents the night before the attack. In part it reads, "Don't be afraid if I get killed. For the old saying 'Rather die a hero than live a coward' will land at Vera Cruz in about four hours."
Later synagogues.
Plans for a new and larger synagogue began to take shape in the first decade of the 20th century, with the cornerstone for the new temple laid on June 6, 1906 at the corner of Government and Warren Streets. Alabama Lieutenant Governor Russell McWhortor Cunningham was the featured speaker for the event. A building fund of $25,400 had been accumulated, but the congregation president, Jacob Pollock, estimated that $5000 more was needed to complete a structure that would "honor the Jewish population of Mobile." Construction continued and the new Government Street Temple was dedicated on June 21, 1907. The dedication had been delayed by a week due to the organ not being completed. Eight rabbis took part in the dedication processional: Max Heller of New Orleans; Henry Ettleson of Fort Wayne, Indiana; Bernard Ehrenreich of Montgomery, Alabama; Jacob Schwarz of Pensacola, Florida; David Marx of Atlanta, Georgia; Max Raisin of Meridian, Mississippi; Morris Newfield of Birmingham, Alabama, and Alfred Moses.
The Government Street Temple served the congregation for many years, but after World War II the population of Mobile was shifting westward out of downtown and the congregation found the Government Street Temple difficult to keep in good repair. After discovering that repairs would amount to more than $20,000, the building committee decided to sell the old building for not less than $100,000 and build a new structure. On July 18, 1952, the committee announced that it was buying a lot on Springhill Avenue for $40,000 and hiring architect T. Cooper Van Antwerp to design a new synagogue, with a budget of $250,000. A groundbreaking ceremony was held on February 21, 1954 for the new temple. Then, on September 2, 1955, a dedication ceremony for Springhill Avenue Temple was held with Dr. Julius Mark, Senior Rabbi of Temple Emanu-El in New York City, delivering the dedication sermon. Today the congregation has continued to grow to its present size of about 250 families.

</doc>
<doc id="18697491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697491" title="Friedrich Goll">
Friedrich Goll

Friedrich Goll (March 1, 1829 – November 12, 1903) was a Swiss neuroanatomist born in Zofingen, a town located in the canton of Aargau.
In 1853 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Zurich, and furthered his education in Paris, where he studied under physiologist Claude Bernard (1813–1878). Afterwards he returned to Zurich, where from 1855, he worked as a general practitioner of medicine. In 1862 he became habilitated for special pathology and pharmacology at the University of Zurich, where from 1863 to 1869, he was director of the medical polyclinic. From 1885 to 1901 he served as an associate professor of pharmacology in Zurich.
He was an avid mountaineer and promoter of spas and resorts in Graubünden. From 1885 to 1895, he served as president of the Medical Society of the Canton of Zurich.
Goll is remembered for his description of the fasciculus gracilis, a bundle of axon fibers in the spinal cord that is also known as the "tract of Goll" in honor of his discovery.

</doc>
<doc id="18697502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697502" title="Saparo–Yawan languages">
Saparo–Yawan languages

Saparo–Yawan (Zaparo–Yaguan, Zaparo–Peba) is a language family proposal uniting two small language families of the western Amazon. It was first proposed by Swadesh (1954), and continues through Payne (1984) and Kaufman (1994). 
There are also four language isolates and otherwise unclassified languages which have been indirectly linked to Saparo–Yawan, and for convenience they are included here. Tovar (1984) proposed a connection between Zaparoan and the otherwise unclassified Taushiro; Stark (1985) and Gordon (2005) see a connection with the extinct Omurano language. The extinct Awishiri and the Candoshi isolate have lexical similarities with Taushiro, Omurano, and each other; however, the four languages also have lexical similarities with Zaparoan, Jivaroan, and Arawakan. These six languages and families in the table at right have "not" been linked in any coherent fashion. Given that Candoshi is well described, this is something which may be resolved relatively soon. 
This forms part of Kaufman's Macro-Andean proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="18697503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697503" title="Tróndur Patursson">
Tróndur Patursson

Tróndur Patursson (born in Kirkjubøur on March 1, 1944) is a Faroese painter, sculptor, glass artist and adventurer. He was educated in Norway and was initially a sculptor. He has since become better known as a painter and glass artist.
In February 2013 Patursson had an art exhibition at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts; it was an installation called “Migration,” featuring approximately 90 of his trademark stained glass birds in the Grand Foyer windows throughout Nordic Cool 2013. The exhibition was a part of the "Nordic Cool 2013".
In 1976 he joined Tim Severin in a transatlantic voyage in a replica 6th century leather-hulled curragh named Brendan. The boat was named for the Irish monk Saint Brendan who was said to have made the same voyage centuries before the Vikings and Christopher Columbus.
Paturrson joined Brendon when it arrived in the Faroe Islands and replaced another crewman. Paturrson's home was at Brandonvik, the Viking name for Brendan's Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="18697505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697505" title="Elizabeth Crewson Paris">
Elizabeth Crewson Paris

Elizabeth Crewson Paris is a judge of the United States Tax Court. She was appointed by President George W. Bush in February 2008. Her nomination passed the United States Senate in July 2008, and she was sworn in on August 1, 2008. Her term will expire on July 29, 2023.
Paris, the older of two, was raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, earning a bachelor's degree from the University of Tulsa in 1980, a law degree from the University of Tulsa College of Law in 1987, and an LL.M. in taxation from the University of Denver in 1993. She is a former partner at Brumley Bishop and Paris, senior associate at McKenna and Cueno, and tax partner at Reinhardt, Boerner, Van Deuren, Norris and Rieselbach in the firm's Denver office. Paris served as Tax Counsel to the United States Senate Finance Committee from 2000 to 2008. She formerly taught in Georgetown University Law Center's LL.M. Taxation Program and the University of Tulsa College of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="18697506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697506" title="Ronald Lee Martin">
Ronald Lee Martin

Ronald (Ron) Martin (born August 10, 1955) works in television and film post production engineering. He has been involved with home video entertainment on a mass scale, computerized special effects, film-to-video transfer protocols, and digital cinema standardization and mastering for theatrical films.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Martin was born on August 10, 1955 in Hollywood, California to Harmon and Madeline and Martin. He was the youngest of six half-siblings and one full brother. Martin grew up in the San Fernando Valley, where he went to school and worked until 1978.
He was employed by architect Alex Miller and designed Nancy Sinatra's house, the local chain of Denny’s restaurants and the Hilton hotel at Los Angeles International Airport. He married Lauren Pendergraft in 1977 and moved to Simi Valley in 1978.
Career.
After taking a few engineering courses, Martin left architectural design for employment at a small independent station, KHOF and, nine months later, ABC in 1978.
Martin participated in the creation of two computer-controlled editing systems: the CMX-300 and the Mach I. In 1981 he left ABC to work for Merv Griffin's post-production studio, Trans American Video (TAV), where he worked with film and the telecine systems that transfer optical images to video. He was involved in the development of digital special effects and of various systems that manipulate video imagery.
Martin worked on memory technologies for digitally manipulating color images from film to video at Compact Video from 1985. He was involved with the Rank Corporation in developing the Ursa, the first fully digital telecine machine. In 1987 Martin moved to The Post Group and designed digital editing and telecine bays.
Martin became Chief Engineer at Universal Studios in 1993 and was involved in developing the high-definition television standard for the United States, which was lagging behind Japan. He researched and standardized the HDTV format as a mastering and distribution format for Studio movies and created an on-site post-production facility for the studio.
Martin was Vice President of Engineering at Universal for 12 years; in 2004 the operation he managed, with some 85 employees, was sold to Deluxe Digital Studios, where he was Vice President. While at Deluxe Martin has worked on teams to develop Digital Cinema distribution models, the Blu-ray DVD format, and DLP projector and television technologies.

</doc>
<doc id="18697508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697508" title="Tarai gray langur">
Tarai gray langur

The Tarai gray langur ("Semnopithecus hector") is an Old World monkey, and was formerly considered a subspecies of the northern plains gray langur. The species is listed as Near Threatened, as there are probably not many more than 10,000 mature individuals, and it is experiencing a continuing decline.
It is one of several "Semnopithecus" species named after characters from "The Iliad", along with "Semnopithecus ajax" and "Semnopithecus priam".
Distribution and habitat.
Tarai gray langurs are native to Bhutan, northern India and Nepal, where they inhabit the Himalayan foothills from Rajaji National Park to southwestern Bhutan. They live in the moist deciduous forest of the Siwaliks, to oak forest in higher altitudes ranging from in elevation.
Ecology and behaviour.
Tarai gray langurs are arboreal, mainly terrestrial, diurnal, folivorous, and occur in multi-male multi-female groups. They have been observed feeding in orchards and crop fields outside of Rajaji National Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697520" title="Toucan">
Toucan

Toucans are members of the family Ramphastidae of near passerine birds from the Neotropics. The Ramphastidae family is most closely related to the American barbets. They are brightly marked and have large, often colorful bills. The family includes five genera and about forty different species. The name of this bird group is derived from the Tupi word "tukana", via Portuguese. The family includes toucans, aracaris and toucanets; more distant relatives include various families of barbets and woodpeckers in the suborder Pici.
Morphology.
Toucans range in size from the Lettered Aracari ("Pteroglossus inscriptus"), at 130 g (4.6 oz) and 29 cm (11.5 inches), to the Toco Toucan ("Ramphastos toco"), at 680 g (1.5 lb) and 63 cm (29 inches). Their bodies are short (of comparable size to a crow's) and compact. The tail is rounded and varies in length, from half the length to the whole length of the body. The neck is short and thick. The wings are small, as they are forest-dwelling birds who only need to travel short distances, and are often of about the same span as the bill-tip-to-tail-tip measurements of the bird.
The legs of the toucan are strong and rather short. Their toes are arranged in pairs with the first and fourth toes turned backward. The majority of toucans do not show any sexual dimorphism in their coloration, the genus "Selenidera" being the most notable exception to this rule (hence their common name, "dichromatic toucanets"). However, the bills of female toucans are usually shorter, deeper and sometimes straighter, giving more of a "blocky" impression compared to male bills. The feathers in the genus containing the largest toucans are generally black, with touches of white, yellow, and scarlet. The underparts of the araçaris (smaller toucans) are yellow, crossed by one or more black or red bands. The toucanets have mostly green plumage with blue markings.
The colorful and large bill, which in some large species measures more than half the length of the body, is the hallmark of toucans. Despite its size, the toucan's bill is very light, being composed of bone struts filled with spongy tissue of keratin between them. The bill has forward-facing serrations resembling teeth, which historically led naturalists to believe that toucans captured fish and were primarily carnivorous; today it is known that they eat mostly fruit. Researchers have discovered that the large bill of the toucan is a highly efficient thermoregulation system, though its size may still be advantageous in other ways. It does aid in their feeding behavior (as they sit in one spot and reach for all fruit in range, thereby reducing energy expenditure), and it has also been theorized that the bill may intimidate smaller birds, so that the toucan may plunder nests undisturbed (see Diet below). Also, the beak allows the bird to reach deep into tree-holes to access food unavailable to other birds, and also to ransack suspended nests built by smaller birds. However, as there is no sexual dimorphism in coloration it is unlikely to be a sexual signal. 
A toucan's tongue is long (up to 14–15 cm, or 6 inches), narrow, grey, and singularly frayed on each side, adding to its sensitivity as an organ of taste.
A structural complex probably unique to toucans involves the modification of several tail vertebrae. The rear three vertebrae are fused and attached to the spine by a ball and socket joint. Because of this, toucans may snap their tail forward until it touches the head. This is the posture in which they sleep, often appearing simply as a ball of feathers, with the tip of the tail sticking out over the head.
Toucans are arboreal and typically lay 2–4 white eggs in their nests. They make their nests in tree hollows and holes excavated by other animals such as woodpeckers—the toucan bill has very limited use as an excavation tool. When the eggs hatch, the young emerge completely naked, without any down. Toucans are resident breeders and do not migrate. Toucans are usually found in pairs or small flocks. They sometimes fence with their bills and wrestle, which scientists hypothesize they do to establish dominance hierarchies.
Habitat.
Toucans are native to Southern Mexico, Central America, the northern portion of South America, and the Caribbean region. They generally live in tropical and sub-tropical regions.
They make their nests in tree hollows and holes excavated by other animals such as woodpeckers—the toucan bill has very limited use as an excavation tool.
Diet.
Toucans are primarily frugivorous (fruit eating), but are opportunistically omnivorous and will take prey such as insects and small lizards. Captive toucans have been reported to hunt insects actively in their cages, and it is possible to keep toucans on an insect-only diet. They also plunder nests of smaller birds, taking eggs and nestlings. This probably provides a crucial addition of protein to their diet. Certainly, apart from being systematically predatory as well as frugivorous, like many omnivorous birds, they particularly prefer animal food for feeding their chicks. However, in their range, toucans are the dominant frugivores, and as such, play an extremely important ecological role as vectors for seed dispersal of fruiting trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18697527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697527" title="Rostislav Grigorchuk">
Rostislav Grigorchuk

Rostislav Ivanovich Grigorchuk (, ; b. February 23, 1953) is a Soviet and Ukrainian mathematician working in the area of group theory. He holds the rank of Distinguished Professor in the Mathematics Department of Texas A&M University. Grigorchuk is particularly well known for having constructed, in a 1984 paper, the first example of a finitely generated group of intermediate growth, thus answering an important problem posed by John Milnor in 1968. This group is now known as the Grigorchuk group and it is one of the important objects studied in geometric group theory, particularly in the study of branch groups, automata groups and iterated monodromy groups.
Biographical data.
Grigorchuk was born on February 23, 1953 in Ternopil oblast, Ukraine (in 1953 part of the USSR).
He received his undergraduate degree in 1975 from Moscow State University.
He obtained a PhD (Candidate of Science) in Mathematics in 1978, also from Moscow State University, where his thesis advisor was A. M. Stepin. Grigorchuk received a habilitation (Doctor of Science) degree in Mathematics in 1985 at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in Moscow. During the 1980s and 1990s, Rostislav Grigorchuk held positions at the Moscow State University of Transportation, and subsequently at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics and Moscow State University. In 2002 Grigorchuk joined the faculty of Texas A&M University as a Professor of Mathematics, and he was promoted to the rank of Distinguished Professor in 2008.
Rostislav Grigorchuk gave an invited address at the 1990 International Congress of Mathematicians in Kyoto an AMS Invited Address at the March 2004 meeting of the American Mathematical Society in Athens, Ohio and a plenary talk at the 2004 Winter Meeting of the Canadian Mathematical Society.
Grigorchuk is the Editor-in-Chief of the journal ""Groups, Geometry and Dynamics"", published by the European Mathematical Society, and a member of the editorial boards of the journals ""International Journal of Algebra and Computation"", ""Journal of Modern Dynamics"", ""Geometriae Dedicata"", ""Algebra and Discrete Mathematics"," "Bulletin of Chernivtsi University and" and ""Matematychni Studii"".
Mathematical contributions.
Grigorchuk is most well known for having constructed the first example of a finitely generated group of intermediate growth which now bears his name and is called the Grigorchuk group (sometimes it is also called the first Grigorchuk group since Grigorchuk constructed several other groups that are also commonly studied). This group has growth that is faster than polynomial but slower than exponential. Grigorchuk constructed this group in a 1980 paper and proved that it has intermediate growth in a 1984 article. This result answered a long-standing open problem posed by John Milnor in 1968 about the existence of finitely generated groups of intermediate growth. Grigorchuk's group has a number of other remarkable mathematical properties. It is a finitely generated infinite residually finite 2-group (that is, every element of the group has a finite order which is a power of 2). It is also the first example of a finitely generated group that is amenable but not elementary amenable, thus providing an answer to another long-standing problem, posed by Mahlon Day in 1957. Also Grigorchuk's group is ""just infinite"": that is, it is infinite but every proper quotient of this group is finite.
Grigorchuk's group is a central object in the study of the so-called branch groups and automata groups. These are finitely generated groups of automorphisms of rooted trees that are given by particularly nice recursive descriptions and that have remarkable self-similar properties. The study of branch, automata and self-similar groups has been particularly active in the 1990s and 2000s and a number of unexpected connections with other areas of mathematics have been discovered there, including dynamical systems, differential geometry, Galois theory, ergodic theory, random walks, fractals, Hecke algebras, bounded cohomology, functional analysis, and others. In particular, many of these self-similar groups arise as iterated monodromy groups of complex polynomials. Important connections have been discovered between the algebraic structure of self-similar groups and the dynamical properties of the polynomials in question, including encoding their Julia sets. 
Much of Grigorchuk's work in the 1990s and 2000s has been on developing the theory of branch, automata and self-similar groups and on exploring these connections. For example, Grigorchuk, with co-authors, obtained a counter-example to the conjecture of Michael Atiyah about "L2"-betti numbers of closed manifolds.
Grigorchuk is also known for his contributions to the general theory of random walks on groups and the theory of amenable groups, particularly for obtaining in 1980 what is commonly known (see for example ) as Grigorchuk's co-growth criterion of amenability for finitely generated groups.
Awards and honors.
In June 2003 an international group theory conference in honor of Grigorchuk's 50th birthday was held in Gaeta, Italy. Special anniversary issues of the ""International Journal of Algebra and Computation"" and of the journal ""Algebra and Discrete Mathematics"" were dedicated to Grigorchuk's 50th birthday.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18697538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697538" title="Prince of Wales Reach">
Prince of Wales Reach

Prince of Wales Reach is the first arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Albert Edward - the Prince Of Wales, later Edward VII, who was the second child born in 1841 to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18697539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697539" title="Tufted gray langur">
Tufted gray langur

The tufted gray langur ("Semnopithecus priam") is an Old World monkey, one of the species of langurs. This, like other gray langurs, is a leaf-eating monkey. It is found in southeast India and Sri Lanka. It is one of several "Semnopithecus" species named after characters from "The Iliad", along with "Semnopithecus hector" and "Semnopithecus ajax". There are two subspecies, "Semnopithecus priam thersites" in Sri Lanka and the southern Western Ghats in India, and "Semnopithecus priam priam" from Andhra Pradesh to Tamil Nadu in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18697553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697553" title="Free (Rivermaya album)">
Free (Rivermaya album)

Free, is the fifth album from the Filipino rock band, Rivermaya. It has 10 tracks and was released independently on the internet, literally given away for free which is another first for any Filipino artist. “Free” was also named Album of the Year in the NU Rock Awards 2000 & is the last album with Nathan Azarcon.
The song "Imbecillesque" was re-released on their 2005 EP entitled "You'll Be Safe Here". The song "Straight No Chaser" was later covered by actor and reggae artist Boy2 Quizon.
On the back cover of the album, tracks #7 and #8 were typed incorrectly as in the order of the songs in the album.
Track listing.
All songs written, arranged and produced by Rico Blanco except track 3 and 8 by Nathan Azarcon.

</doc>
<doc id="18697564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697564" title="Princess Royal Reach">
Princess Royal Reach

Princess Royal Reach is the second arm of Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS "Plumper" who charted all the of the area and was named after HRH Victoria ("Vicky") the Princess Royal of England who was the first child born in 1840 to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.

</doc>
<doc id="18697569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697569" title="Bad Azz">
Bad Azz

Bad Azz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697588" title="Amr Hamed">
Amr Hamed

Amr Mohamed Hamed (عمرو محمد حامد) (also Amer Ahmed) was a Canadian who died in the American bombing of an Afghan training camp on August 20, 1998, as retaliation for the African embassy bombings.
Life in Egypt.
While living in Egypt, Hamed had played for the Egypt national basketball team. But he immigrated to Canada, landing at Lacolle, Quebec and making his way westward to Vancouver, British Columbia.
Life in Canada.
In 1998, he co-founded an import-export business named "4-U Enterprises" with his "best friend", former Egyptian Essam Marzouk who shared his love of sports. The two shared their faith openly, and would sometimes disappear into the forests of the coastal mountains for days at a time as a spiritual retreat to memorise the Quran.
Considered to be "naive and inexperienced", he followed Marzouk seeking "the adventure of Afghanistan" and lived for a while with the Khadr family in Pakistan, where he became known for his love of banana splits and sharing their ability to mix the Western world with his current life.
Death and legacy.
On August 20, 1998, Al Farouq training camp was bombed by American cruise missiles and Amr Hamed was killed, which made Abdurahman first feel hatred for Americans.
In November 2001, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police investigated claims that the Northern Alliance had discovered an "al-Qaeda office" in Kabul that contained business cards reading "4-U Enterprises - Amr H. Hamed" with the address for a rented postal box in a B.C. convenience store. The same search also yielded a number of documents belonging to Amer el-Maati.
In 2003, he was referred to by Abdurahman Khadr, who told authorities that "a lot" of Canadians had trained at Khalden, including "a Vancouver man he knew as Amer, who was killed in a 1998 U.S. missile strike".
In their 2008 report concerning Mahmoud Jaballah, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) misidentified Hamed and Essam Marzouk as being the same person.

</doc>
<doc id="18697589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697589" title="Americana Master Series (Doc Watson album)">
Americana Master Series (Doc Watson album)

Americana Master Series: Best of the Sugar Hill Years is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2008.
Reception.
Writing for Allmusic, music critic Steve Leggett wrote of the album "Any of Watson's many Sugar Hill albums is well worth checking out on its own, but this succinct sampler of some of the wonderful moments from those albums is proof of how Watson makes everything he touches fit into his personal and seamless tour of American folk music in all of its interconnected shapes and forms."

</doc>
<doc id="18697593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697593" title="Antoninus of Piacenza">
Antoninus of Piacenza

The sixth-century pilgrim Antoninus of Piacenza, or the Anonymous Pilgrim of Piacenza, who described the holy places of Jerusalem in the 570s is confused often with Saint Antoninus of Piacenza, who is venerated as a saint and martyr in the Roman Catholic Church, with a feast day of 13 November in the Ambrosian calendar. The saint was said to be a member of the legendary Theban Legion and to have been martyred at Piacenza, of which he is reckoned a patron.
Of Antoninus, the historical pilgrim, F. Bechtel reported in "The Catholic Encyclopedia" (1910)."In manuscripts he is sometimes styled Antoninus the Martyr, through ignorant confusion of the writer with the martyr St. Antoninus who is venerated at Piacenza. He is the last writer who saw Palestine before the Moslem conquest. Although he covered in his travels nearly the same extensive territory as the Spanish nun, his work contains but few details not found in other writers; it is, moreover, marred by gross errors and by fabulous tales which betray the most naive credulity."
The "itinerary" of Antoninus is valued by the historian as documenting the extent of the sixth-century trade catering to the pious pilgrims in the Holy Land: "We went to Cana, where our Lord was present at the marriage feast," Antoninus reports, "and we reclined on the very couch." Inspired by such a vivid figuration of Biblical truth, Antoninus indulged the classic tourists' act: "and there, unworthy as I was, I wrote the names of my parents".
Antoninus' description of the chalice of onyx that was venerated in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre and of the Holy Lance in the Basilica of Mount Zion form early attestations of the "cultus" of these two relics.

</doc>
<doc id="18697639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697639" title="Sufism in India">
Sufism in India

Sufism has an illustrious history in India evolving for over 1,000 years. The presence of Sufism has been a leading entity increasing the reaches of Islam throughout South Asia. Following the entrance of Islam in the early 700s, Sufi mystic traditions became more visible during the 10th and 11th centuries of the Delhi Sultanate. A conglomeration of four chronologically separate dynasties, the early Delhi Sultanate consisted of rulers from Turkic and Afghan lands. This Persian influence flooded South Asia with Islam, Sufi thought, syncretic values, literature, education, and entertainment that has created an enduring impact on the presence of Islam in India today. Sufi preachers, merchants and missionaries also settled in coastal Bengal and Gujarat through maritime voyages and trade. 
Various leaders of Sufi orders, tariqa, chartered the first organized activities to introduce localities to Islam through Sufism. Saint figures and mythical stories provided solace and inspiration to Hindu caste communities often in rural villages of India. The Sufism teachings of divine spirituality, cosmic harmony, love, and humanity resonated with the common people and still does so today. The following content will take a thematic approach to discuss a myriad of influences that helped spread Sufism and a mystical understanding of Islam, making India a contemporary epicenter for Sufi culture today.
Early history.
Influence of Islam.
Muslims entered India in 711 A.D. under the Arab commander Muhammad ibn Qasim, by conquering the regions of Sindh and Multan. This historical achievement connected the South Asia to the Muslim empire. Simultaneously, Arab Muslims were welcomed along the Hindustani (India) sea ports for trade and business ventures. The Muslim culture of the caliphate began to permeate through India. This trade route linking India to the Mediterranean world and even Southeast Asia lasted peacefully until 900 A.D. During this period, the Abbasid Caliphate (750 A.D. – 1258 A.D.) was seated in Baghdad; this city is also the birthplace of Sufism with notable figures such as Hazrat Ali ibn al-Husayn ibn Ali ibn Abu Talib, Hasan al-Basri, and Rabiah.
The mystic tradition of Islam gained significant ground spreading from Baghdad (Iraq) into Persia, commonly known today as Iran and Afghanistan. In 901 A.D., a Turkic military leader, Sebuktigin, established an Afghan kingdom in the city of Ghaznah. His son, Mahmud, expanded their territories into the Indian Punjab region during 1027 A.D. The resources and riches annexed from Punjab went into the Ghazni coffers to expand further into India’s northwest areas. During the early 11th century, the Ghaznawids brought a wealth of scholars into India’s borders, establishing the first Persian-inspired Muslim culture succeeding prior Arab influences.
In 1151 A.D., another Central Asian group, called the Ghurids, overtook the lands of the Ghaznawids – who did very little to monitor their lands in India. Mu’izz al-Din Ghuri, a governor of Turkic origin, initiated a major invasion of India, extending the previous Ghazni territories into Delhi and Ajmer. By 1186 A.D., northern India was indistinguishable; a combination of Baghdad’s cosmopolitan culture mixed with Persian-Turkic traditions of the Ghaznah court accelerated Sufi intellectualism in India. Scholars, poets, and mystics from Central Asia and Iran became integrated within India. By 1204 A.D., the Ghurids established rule in the following cities: Benaras (Varansi), Kanaug, Rajasthan, and Bihar, which introduced Muslim rule into Bengal region.
An emphasis on translation of Arabic and Persian texts (Qu'ran, Hadith corpus, Sufi literature) into vernacular languages helped the momentum of Islamization in India. Particularly in rural areas, Sufis helped Islam spread generously into prior polytheistic populations. Subsequently, the general consensus among scholars remains that there were never any forced mass conversions recorded during this early history time period. Between the late 12th century (1100–1200 A.D.) and 13th century (1200–1300 A.D.), Sufi brotherhoods became firmly consolidated in northern India.
Delhi Sultanate.
The period of 1206 A.D. – 1526 A.D. is labeled as the Delhi Sultanate. This time frame consists of Five separate dynasties that ruled territorial parts of India: the Mamluk or slave, Khaljis, Tughlaq, Sayyid, and Lodi dynasty. In history, the Delhi Sultanate is usually given marginal attention compared to the succeeding Mughal Dynasty. At its peak, the Delhi Sultanate controlled all of North India, Afghan frontier, and Bengal. The security of their lands protected India from the Mongol Conquests terrorizing the rest of Asia between 1206 A.D. and 1294 A.D. The Mongols also succeeded in destroying Baghdad, the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate, proving that this reign of violence was no minor feat. When the Mongol invasion penetrated Central Asia, fleeing refugees chose India as a safe destination. 
This historical move can be deemed a significant catalyst of Sufi thought in India. Scholars, students, artisans, and common people arrived into the protection of Mamluk rulers, the first dynasty in the Delhi Sultanate. Soon the court had an immense influx of diverse cultures, religiosity, and literature from Persia and Central Asia; Sufism was the main ingredient in all mediums. During this medieval period, Sufism spread through various regions, expanding to the Deccan plateau with the succession of the Tughlaq dynasty of 1290 A.D. – 1388 A.D. During this time, the Muslim rulers of the Sultanate dynasties were not necessarily of orthodox Islam; yet, they were still deemed powerful. Advisors of the dynastic sultans included Muslim religious scholars (ulama) and notably, Muslim mystics (mashai’kh). Although practicing Sufis rarely had political aspirations, the declining ethical reign of the Sayyid and Lodi dynasty (1414 – 1517 A.D.) required renewed leadership.
Development of Education.
Traditional Culture.
During 901 - 1151 A.D., the Ghaznawids began to build numerous schools called madrasa that were attached and affiliated with masjids (mosque). This mass movement established stability in India's educational systems. Existing scholars promoted the study of the Qu'ran and hadith, beginning in North West India. During the Delhi Sultanate, the intellectual caliber of India's residents increased multiple - fold due to the Mongol invasions. Various intellectuals hailing from regions such as Iran, Afghanistan, and Central Asia began to enrich the cultural and literary life of the Delhi capital. Among the religious elite existing during the Sultanate time period, two major classifications existed. The "ulama" were noted exclusive religious scholars who had mastered certain Islamic legal branches of study. They were sharia oriented and tended to be more orthodox about Muslim practices. The other group of religious elites were the Sufi mystics, or fakir. This was a more inclusive group that was often more tolerant of non-Muslim traditions. Although the commitment to practice sharia remains a Sufi foundation, early Sufis in India focused on proselytizing through service work and helping the poor. During the Delhi Sultanate, the rise prevailing mystical approach to Islam was not a substitute for madrasa education nor traditional scholarship. The teachings of sufism only built upon the foundations of a madrasa education. The spiritual orientation of Sufism only sought to refine the "consciousness of the divine, intensify piety, and inculcate a humanistic attitude."
Sufi Khanqahs.
Once reason why Islam became more favorable in India was due to the establishment of khanqah. A khanqah is commonly defined as a hospice, lodge, community center, or dormitory ran by Sufis. Khanqahs were also known as Jama'at Khana, large gathering halls. Structurally, a khanqah could be one large room or have additional dwelling space. Although some khanqah establishments were independent of royal funding or patronage, many received fiscal grants (waqf) and donations from benefactors for continuing services. Over time, the function of traditional Sufi khanqahs evolved as Sufism solidified in India.
Initially, the Sufi khanqah life emphasized a close and fruitful relationship between the master-teacher (sheikh) and their students. For example students in khanqahs would pray, worship, study, and read works together. Sufi literature had more academic concerns besides just the jurisprudential and theological works seen in madrasa. There were three major categories of mystical works studied in South Asia: hagiographical writing, discourses of the teacher, and letters of the master. Sufis also studied various other manuals describing code of conduct, adab (Islam). In fact, the text (trans.) "Path of God's Bondsmen from Origin to Return" written by a Persian Sufi saint, Najm al-Din Razi, spread throughout India during the authors' lifetime. Sharing that Sufi thought was becoming increasingly favorable to study in India. Even today, preserved mystical literature has proved invaluable as a source of religious and social history of Sufi Muslims in India.
The other major function of a khanqah was of a community shelter. Many of these facilities were built in low caste, rural, Hindu vicinities. The Chishti Order Sufis in India, especially, crystallized khanqahs with the highest form of modest hospitality and generosity. Keeping a "visitors welcome" policy, khanqahs in India offered spiritual guidance, psychological support, and counseling that was free and open to all people. The spiritually hungry and depressed caste members were both fed with a free kitchen service and provided basic education. By creating egalitarian communities within stratified caste systems, Sufis successfully spread their teachings of love, spirituality, and harmony. It was this example of Sufi brotherhood and equity that drew people to the religion of Islam. Soon these khanqahs became social, cultural, and theological epicenters for people of all ethnic and religious backgrounds and both genders. Through a khanqah's humble services, Sufis presented the true form of Islam and forged a way for voluntary large scale conversions of lower class Hindustanis.
Sufi Tariqahs.
Shadhiliyya.
Shadhilyya was founded by Imam Nooruddeen Abu Al Hasan Ali Ash Sadhili Razi. Fassiya branch of Shadhiliyya was brought to India by Sheikh Aboobakkar Miskeen sahib Radiyallah of Kayalpatnam and Sheikh Mir Ahmad Ibrahim Raziyallah of Madurai. Mir Ahmad Ibrahim is the first of the three Sufi saints revered at the Madurai Maqbara in Tamil Nadu. There are more than 70 branches of Shadhiliyya and in India. Of these, the Fassiyatush Shadhiliyya is the most widely practised order.
Chishtiyyah.
The Chishtiyya order emerged from Central Asia and Persia. The first saint was Abu Ishaq Shami (d.940–41 A.D.) establishing the Chishti order in Chisht-i-Sharif within Afghanistan Furthermore, Chishtiyya took root with the notable saint Moinuddin Chishti (d. 1236 A.D.) who championed the order within India, making it one of the largest orders in India today. Scholars also mentioned that he had been a part-time disciple of Abu Najib Suhrawardi. Khwaja Moiuddin Chishti was originally from Sistan (eastern Iran, southwest Afghanistan) and grew up as a well traveled scholar to Central Asia, Middle East, and South Asia. He reached Delhi in 1193 A.D. during the end of Ghurid reign, then shortly settled in Ajmer-Rajasthan when the Delhi Sultanate formed. Moinuddin Chishti's Sufi and social welfare activities dubbed Ajmer the "nucleus for the Islamization of central and southern India." The Chishti order formed khanqah to reach the local communities, thus helping Islam spread with charity work. Islam in India grew with the efforts of dervishes, not with violent bloodshed or forced conversion. Chishtis were famous establishing khanqahs and for their simple teachings of humanity, peace, and generosity. This group drew an unprecedented amount of Hindus of lower and higher castes within vicinity. Until this day, both Muslims and non-Muslims visit the famous tomb of Moinuddin Chishti; it has become even a popular tourist and pilgrimage destination. Jalaluddin Muhammad Akbar (d. 1605 A.D.), the 3rd Mughal ruler frequented Ajmer as a pilgrim, setting a tradition for his constituents.
Successors of Khwaja Moinudden Chishti include eight additional saints; together, these names are considered the big eight of the medieval Chishtiyya order.
Moinuddin Chishti (d. AD 1233 in Ajmer, India) 
Qutbuddin Bakhtiar Kaki (d. AD 1236 in Delhi, India) 
Fariduddin Ganjshakar (d. AD 1265 in Pakpattan,Pakistan) 
Nizamuddin Auliya (d. AD 1335 in Delhi).
Nasiruddin Chiragh Dehlavi
Bande Nawaz (d. AD 1422 in Gulbarga, India) 
Akhi Siraj Aainae Hind (d. 1357 in Bengal, India
Alaul Haq Pandavi 
Ashraf Jahangir Semnani(d. AD 1386, Kichaucha India) 
Suhrwardiyyah.
The founder of this order was Abdul-Wahir Abu Najib as-Suhrawardi (d. 1168 A.D.). He was actually a disciple of Ahmad Ghazali, who is also the younger brother of Abu Hamid Ghazali. The teachings of Ahmad Ghazali led to the formation of this order. This order was prominent in medieval Iran prior to Persian migrations into India during the Mongol Invasion 
Consequently, it was Abu Najib as-Suhrawardi’s nephew that helped bring the Suhrawardiyyah to mainstream awareness. Abu Hafs Umar as-Suhrawardi (d. 1243 A.D.) wrote numerous treatises on Sufi theories. Most notably, the text trans. “Gift of Deep Knowledge: Awa’rif al-Mar’if” was so widely read that it became a standard book of teaching in Indian madrasas. This helped spread the Sufi teachings of the Suhrawardiyya. Abu Hafs was a global ambassador of his time. From teaching in Baghdad to diplomacy between the Ayyubid rulers in Egypt and Syria, Abu Hafs was a politically involved Sufi leader. By keeping cordial relations with the Islamic empire, Abu Hafs’s followers in India continued to approve of his leadership and approve political participation of Sufi orders.
Kubrawiyyah.
This order was founded by Abu'l Jannab Ahmad, nicknamed Najmuddin Kubra (d. 1221 A.D.) who was from the border between Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan This Sufi saint was a widely acclaimed teacher with travels to Turkey, Iran, and Kashmir. His education also fostering generations of students who became saints themselves. This order became important in Kashmir during the late 14th century (1300-1400). Kubra and his students made significant contributions to Sufi literature with mystical treatises, mystical psychology, and instructional literature such as text "al-Usul al-Ashara" and "Mirsad ul Ibad." These popular texts regarding are still mystic favorites in India and in frequent study. The Kubrawiya remains in Kashmir - India and within Huayy populations in China.
Naqshbandiyyah.
The origin of this order can be traced back to Khwaja Ya‘qub Yusuf al-Hamadani (d. 1390 A.D. ), who lived in Central Asia. It was later organized by Baha’uddin Naqshband (b. 1318–1389 A.D.) of Tajik and Turkic background. He is widely referred to as the founder of the Naqshbandi order. Khwaja Muhammad al-Baqi Billah Berang (d. 1603 A.D.) introduced the Naqshbandiyyah to India. This order was particularly popular Mughal elites due to ancestral links to the founder, Khawja al-Hamadani " 
Babur, the founder of the Mughal dynasty in 1526 A.D., was already initiated in the Naqshbandi order prior to conquering India. This royal affiliation gave considerable impetus to the order.
Qadiriyyah.
The Qadiriyyah order was founded by Abdul-Qadir Gilani who was originally from Iran (d. 1166 A.D.) It is popular among the Muslims of South India. As a widespread order, the Qadiriyyah had a prominent sheikh in India. Muhammad Mayan Mir (d. 1635 A.D.) was a famous scholar known for significant non-Muslim tolerance and community service work. Worlds largest religious organisation Dawate-E-Islami also belongs to the Qadiriyyah order whose founder was Moulana Ilyas Qadri
Less accurate information is known about the following other orders within India: Mujahhidiyyah.
Sufi Culture.
Syncretic Mysticism.
Islam was not the only religion in India contributing the mystical aspects of Sufism. The Bhakti movement also gained respect due mysticism popularity spreading through India. The Bhakti movement was a regional revival of Hinduism linking language, geography, and cultural identities through devotional deity worship. This concept of "Bhakti" appeared in the Bhagavad Gita and the first sects emerged from south India been the 7th and 10th century. The practices and theological standpoints were very similar to Sufism, often blurring the distinction between Hindus and Muslims. Bhakti devotees linked puja (Hinduism) to songs about saints and theories of life; they would meet often to sing and worship. The Brahman Bhaktis developed mystical philosophies similar to those advocated by Sufi saints. For example, the Bhaktis believed that there is a special reality beneath the illusion of life; this reality needs to be recognized to escape the cycle of reincarnation. Moreover, moksha, liberation from Earth is the ultimate goal in Hinduism. These teachings run nearly parallel to Sufi concepts of dunya, tariqa, and akhirah.
Sufism helped the assimilation of the Afghani Delhi Sultanate rulers within mainstream society. By building a syncretic medieval culture tolerant and appreciative of non-Muslims, Sufi saints contributed to a growth of stability, vernacular literature, and devotional music in India. One Sufi mystic, Saiyid Muhammad Ghaus Gwaliori popularized yogic practices among Sufi circles. Literature related to monotheism and the Bhakti movement also formed sycretic influences in history during the Sultanate period. Despite the camaraderie between Sufi saints, yogis, and Bhakti Brahmans, medieval religious existed and continue to splinter peaceful living in parts of India today.
Rituals.
One of the most popular and controversial rituals in Sufism is the visiting of grave-tombs of Sufi saints. These have evolved into Sufi shrines and are seen among cultural and religious landscape of India. The ritual of visiting any place of significance is called ziyarat; the most common example is a visit to Prophet Muhammad's Masjid Nabawi and grave in Medina, Saudi Arabia. A saint's tomb is a site of great veneration where blessings or baraka continue to reach the deceased holy person and are deemed (by some) to benefit visiting devotees and pilgrims. In order to show reverence to Sufi saints, kings and nobles provided large donations or waqf to preserve the tombs and renovate them architecturally. Over time, these donation, rituals, annual commemorations formed into an elaborate system of accepted norms. These forms of Sufi praxis created an aura of spiritual and religious traditions around prescribed dates. In response, many orthodox or Islamic purists denounce these visiting grave rituals, especially the expectation of receiving blessings from the venerated saints. Nevertheless, these rituals have survived generations and seem adamant to remain.
Musical Influence.
Music has always been present as a rich tradition among all Indian religions. As an influential medium to disperse ideas, music has appealed to people for generations. The audience in India was already familiar with hymns in local languages. Thus Sufi devotional singing was instantly successful among the populations. Music transmitted Sufi ideals seamlessly. In Sufism, the term music is called "sa'ma" or literary audition. This is where poetry would be sang to instrumental music; this ritual would often put Sufis into spiritual ecstasy. The common depiction of whirling dervishes dressed in white cloaks come to picture when paired with "sa'ma." Many Sufi traditions encouraged poetry and music as part of education. Sufism spread widely with their teachings packaged in popular songs accessing mass demographics. Women were especially affected; often used to sing Sufi songs during the day and in female gatherings. Sufi gatherings today are known as qawwali. One of the biggest contributors to the musical Sufi tradition was Amir Khosraw (d. 1325). Known as a disciple of Nizamuddin Chishti, Amir was known as the most talented musical poet in the early Muslim period of India. He is considered the founder of Indo-Muslim devotional music traditions. Nicknamed "Parrot of India," Amir Khosraw furthered the Chishti affiliation through this rising Sufi pop culture within India.
Impact of Sufism.
The massive geographic presence of Islam in India can be explained by the tireless activity of Sufi preachers. Sufism had left a prevailing impact on religious, cultural, and social life in South Asia. The introduction of the mystical form of Islam was done by Sufi saints. Sufi scholars traveling from all over continental Asia were instrumental in the social, economic, and philosophic development of India. Besides preaching in major cities and centers of intellectual though, Sufis reached out to poor and marginalized rural communities and preached in local dialects such as Urdu, Sindhi, Panjabi versus Persian, Turkish, and Arabic. Sufism emerged as a “moral and comprehensive socieo-religious force” that even influenced other religious traditions such as Hinduism. Their traditions of devotional practices and modest living attracted all people. Their teachings of humanity, love for God and Prophet continue to be surrounded by mystical tales and folk songs today. Sufis were firm in abstaining from religious and communal conflict and strived to be peaceful elements of civil society. Furthermore, it is the attitude of accommodation, adaptation, piety, and charisma that continues to help Sufism remain as a pillar of mystical Islam in India.

</doc>
<doc id="18697644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697644" title="Mary Lou Petty">
Mary Lou Petty

Mary Lou Petty-Skok (born April 5, 1915) is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. She competed in the women's 400-meter freestyle, and placed fourth in the event final. She was born in Spokane, Washington.
Petty was an adept swimmer by the age of eight and began swimming competitively at the age of thirteen. She had originally prepared to compete in the 1932 Summer Olympics, but the failure of her family's business during the Great Depression prevented her from acquiring the necessary financial backing. After becoming engaged to Bob Skok and taking a job as a secretary at Montgomery Ward, she moved to Seattle and qualified for the 400-meter freestyle at the 1936 Summer Games, having swum out of the Washington Athletic Club for the past three years. During this inter-Olympic period she set several national records. Her roommate on the boat to Berlin was Eleanor Holm Jarrett. Despite food poisoning, she managed to place 4th in the competition and recalls observing both German Leader Adolf Hitler and athlete Jesse Owens at the games. Upon her return to New York, she married Skok and eventually moved to Los Angeles, after Bob decided to pursue optometry. During World War II she helped build wings for the Lockheed Hudson bomber and the two remained together until Bob's death on March 27, 1998. As of 2011, she resides in Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="18697657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697657" title="Essam Marzouk">
Essam Marzouk

An Egyptian resident of British Columbia, Essam Hafez Mohammed Marzouk (عصام حافظ محمد مرزوق) arrived in Vancouver, Canada in 1993 as a refugee fleeing persecution in Pakistan. He was one of 14 people subjected to extraordinary rendition by the CIA prior to the 2001 declaration of a War on Terror.
In 1999, he was convicted as a member of the Vanguards of Conquest, a pre-cursor to al-Jihad. The Egyptian government says that he belongs to the terrorist group al-Jihad. He is currently serving 15 years in an Egyptian prison for supporting terrorism.
Life.
Born to a wealthy engineer in Cairo, Marzouk grew up in a 5th-storey apartment at 2 Doctor El-Mahroky Street in the suburban Mohandeseen district of Cairo. Following his service in the Egyptian Army, he told his father he wanted to study in the United States, but instead moved to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border at the age of 19.
In 1986-87, he worked as an ambulance driver at the Red Crescent hospital in Peshawar, Pakistan where he met Egyptian-Canadian Ahmed Khadr, and later worked with the Muslim World League.
From 1988-1993 he is alleged to have run an Afghan training camp for al-Jihad.
In Canada.
In 1993, Marzouk acquired two fake Saudi passports and flew to Khartoum, Sudan on May 23. Once there, he acquired tickets to fly from Damascus, Syria to Vancouver, Canada, connecting with Lufthansa Flight 492 in Frankfurt, Germany.
Dressed as a Saudi sheikh and calling himself Fawzi Al-Harbi, he was arrested in Canada when immigration official Gordon Peterson became suspicious of his story of being an "Arab volunteer" in Afghanistan and Pakistan, ordered a search of his luggage and found his fake identity cards. Ali Mohamed had travelled north from California to meet Marzouk at the airport. Airport security noticed him waiting for "Al-Harbi" and questioned him, before releasing him. While in prison, on charges of using a forged document, fraud and illegally entering the country, Marzouk applied for refugee status, claiming he feared religious and political persecution in Egypt. He was once shown a TIME magazine article about the World Trade Center bombing in 1993, and asked if he knew any of the people involved, in the presence of lawyer Phil Rankin.
Six months after his arrest, Mohamed returned from a trip to the Sudan where he met with Osama bin Laden, and brought Abul-Dahab with him. Dahab later told Egyptian interrogators he had withdrawn $3,000 from a Californian bank account on orders of bin Laden himself, to offer as bail money to lawyer Phil Rankin. The pair hoped to have Marzouk released and possibly smuggle him into the United States. Mohamed was viewed suspiciously and subsequently detained by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) himself. However, after a brief phone call with U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agent John Zent, Mohamed was identified as a CIA agent. Marzouk spent nearly a year in detention in Canada before his refugee status was confirmed and he was released, although Canadian authorities prevented him from being given permanent resident status due to their suspicions, and he was instead granted only refugee status on December 12, 1994.
Upon his week, Rankin allowed him to move briefly into his family home, describing him as "very polite" and allowing him to babysit his young son.
Marzouk married a Canadian woman named Yasmien, and together they bore a child. He was tentatively employed as a truck driver, and was living on social assistance with a net worth of approximately C$20,000 and was being physically followed by Canadian intelligence agents. He made a number of phone calls to Mohammad Zeki Mahjoub's Toronto home, although the latter denied knowing him in a 1998 interrogation. When Mahjoub was later arrested, he was carrying a slip of paper with Marzouk's former address, "105 10277 135th St. Box 150 Surrey B.C. V3T 4C", printed on it, and later confessed he had indeed known him.
In 1997, the FBI found Marzouk listed in an address book taken from Wadih El-Hage's Nairobi house. In 1998 he was introduced to Mohammad Zeki Mahjoub at the house of Ahmed Khadr's in-laws in Toronto.
That year, Marzouk co-founded an import-export business named "4-U Enterprises" with his "best friend" in Canada, former Egyptian Amr Hamed who shared his love of sports. The two shared their faith openly, and would sometimes disappear into the forests of the coastal mountains for days at a time as a spiritual retreat to memorise the Quran. In February 1998, he sold off his company assets,
In May 1998, Marzouk visited Ahmed Khadr, from the hospitals in Peshawar, at home, where he was introduced to Mohammad Zeki Mahjoub, a member of the Vanguards of Conquest.
Arrest and imprisonment.
After five years, Marzouk left his Canadian wife and child in 1998, and flew to Turkey, where he is believed to have met with Ahmad Agiza before returning to Eastern Afghanistan. After his friend Hamed was killed in the American bombing of an Afghan training camp on August 20, as retaliation for the African embassy bombings, Marzouk flew to Dubai and onward to Europe, before quickly doubling back to Dubai and booking a flight to Azerbaijan.
In August, a wiretapped phonecall tipped off the Israeli Mossad that a rendez-vous between Ihab Saqr and an Iranian MOIS official was planned in Baku, Azerbaijan. Without a bureau in Azerbaijan, they contacted the American CIA, who allowed a Canadian-raised Mossad agent to unofficially tag along as seven or eight CIA officers based in Frankfurt oversaw a local police raid on the Baku hotelroom on August 20.
When the Azeri police received confirmation that Saqr was in his hotelroom drinking coffee with others, they stormed the room grabbing all three people they found present and brought them still barefoot to the police station. It was now realised that the Iranian official hadn't yet shown up, and they had instead arrested Saqr, as well as Ahmad Salama Mabruk and Marzouk, who was wearing a "shabby business suit". They were brought to the police station, where the Mossad agent says the police "beat the crap out of them".
Marzouk was extradited to Egypt, who initially denied they had him - during which time he alleges he was tortured. He was accused of acting as a trainer to two of the embassy bombers. He was put before a military tribunal on March 16, 1999, as part of the Returnees from Albania trial, with Montasser al-Zayat as his lawyer. He was sentenced to 15 years' hard labour for being an alleged member of al-Jihad. As of 2008, he is still believed to be incarcerated although there is no absolute proof.
In November 2001, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police investigated claims that an "al-Qaeda office" in Kabul had business cards reading "4-U Enterprises - Amr H. Hamed" and included an address for a rented postal box in a B.C. convenience store.
In their 2008 report concerning Mahmoud Jaballah, the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS) misidentified Amr Hamed and Marzouk as being the same person. In their 2008 report concerning Mohammad Zeki Mahjoub, they reported that Marzouk was convicted "in absentia" in Egypt in 1998, although he was not.

</doc>
<doc id="18697679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697679" title="Reactivity">
Reactivity

Reactivity may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697686" title="Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen">
Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen

Astrid Hjertenæs Andersen (5 September 1915 - 21 April 1985) was a Norwegian poet and travel-writer.
Biography.
Astrid Hjertenæs was born in Horten (now Borre), in Vestfold County, Norway. She attended a secretary and journalist school for women ("Hallings sekretær- og journalistskole for damer"). She later worked as a typist and journalist for the Aftenposten, Norway's largest newspaper. In 1939, she married the painter Snorre Andersen (1914–1979), who later illustrated several of her poetry collections.
Her work contained nature poems written to her husband's watercolors.
Dating from 1942, she devoted herself entirely writing. Her poems appeared often in both Aftenposten and Dagbladet. Andersen wrote early in the modernist direction in the Norwegian post-war poetry. The poems show a clear connection to the symbolism of the past century and were often inspired by music and visual art. A strong personal artistic style, often with the use of free forms, together with the suggestive use of images and symbols, characterize her writings.

</doc>
<doc id="18697701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697701" title="Tanya Barfield">
Tanya Barfield

Tanya Barfield (raised in Portland, Oregon) is an African-American playwright whose works have been presented both nationally and internationally.
Her plays include: "The Call","121° West", "Blue Door", 
"Dent",
"The Houdini Act", "Medallion", "Of Girl & Wolf and Wanting North", "Pecan Tan", "The Quick" and 
"Without Skin or Breathlessness". She authored a book for a children's musical entitled "".
Before becoming a playwright, Ms. Barfield was a solo performer, appearing in her one-woman show "Without Skin or Breathlessness". She is a graduate of the Juilliard School's Playwriting Program and a recipient of a Lilly Award and the Helen Merrill Emerging Playwrights Award.
In the 2006-2007 season, her play, "Blue Door", was produced at Playwrights Horizons, South Coast Repertory; Seattle Repertory, Berkeley Repertory, Harare International Festival of the Arts, Zimbabwe (HIFA). "Blue Door" is published by Dramatists Play Service. "Blue Door" was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. 
On June 29, 2008, her play "Of Equal Measure", NAACP Theatre Awards nominee, premiered at the Kirk Douglas Theatre in Culver City, California through the sponsorship of the National Endowment for the Arts.
In April 2013, her play, "The Call" opened at Playwrights Horizons in co-production with Primary Stages. "The Call" was a New York Times Critic's Pick.

</doc>
<doc id="18697702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697702" title="Osmar Molinas">
Osmar Molinas

Osmar de la Cruz Molinas González (, born 3 May 1987) is a Paraguayan footballer central midfielder who currently plays for Club Libertad in the Primera División Paraguaya.
Club career.
Olimpia.
Molinas started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and made his professional debut in 2006.
International career.
Molinas also has been called to the Under-23 Paraguay national football team in several occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18697704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697704" title="Krisztián Berki">
Krisztián Berki

Krisztián Berki (; born March 18, 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast. He is a pommel horse specialist.
He is the 2012 Olympic Champion, the 2010 and 2011 World Champion, and the 2007 and 2009 World silver medalist. He is also the 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011 and 2012 European Champion on that event. He won the Universiade 2009 in Belgrade. In 2010 and 2011 he was elected Hungarian Sportsman of the year for his achievements.
He is currently rated as the best pommel horse worker of all time by the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique. He is an athlete of Újpesti TE.
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics Berki competed in and won the pommel horse competition, winning the gold medal with a score of 16.066, exactly the same score as British athlete Louis Smith, but was awarded the gold on a higher execution score. Smith's GB team mate, Max Whitlock won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="18697713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697713" title="Order of Sidonia">
Order of Sidonia

The Order of Sidonia was the German Kingdom of Saxony’s chivalric order for women. Created March 14, 1871 by King Johann, the order was granted to female members of the Saxon nobility until the fall of the monarchy in 1918.
Insignia.
Members of the Sidonian Order wore a Maltese cross of gold and enamel, suspended from a purple bow with white and green stripes. Members of the royal family wore a sash instead of the bow. At the apex of the Maltese cross, a medallion featured an image of a helmeted female figure, surrounded with the name “Sidonia”.

</doc>
<doc id="18697715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697715" title="Olney RFC">
Olney RFC

Olney Rugby Football Club is an amateur club playing Rugby Football Union. The club was formed in 1877 in the market town of Olney, near Milton Keynes. Olney are famous for being one of only two Rugby Clubs in England to play in a first choice strip of Cerise and French Grey, the other being West Norfolk RUFC.
They have recently won promotion from Southern Counties North and will start the 2008/2009 season in South West 2 East
Olney Rugby Football Club is the most powerful club side in the Bedford, Milton Keynes, Northampton. It has an under-7, mini, junior, senior and ladies section.

</doc>
<doc id="18697716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697716" title="Shin-Shibaura Station">
Shin-Shibaura Station

Lines.
Shin-Shibaura Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is located 3.9 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Shin-Shibaura Station has two opposed side platforms serving two tracks, connected by a level crossing. 
History.
Shin-Shibaura Station was opened on June 10, 1932 as a station on a spur line of the privately held . The line was extended on the Umi-Shibaura Station on November 1, 1940. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943, and was later absorbed into the Japan National Railway (JNR) network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697724" title="Maggie King">
Maggie King

Maggie King is an Australian actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18697741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697741" title="Urarina language">
Urarina language

Urarina is a language spoken in Peru, specifically in the Loreto Region of Northwest Peru, by the Urarina people. There are only around 3000 speakers alive today according to the 2002 Ethnologue.
It has a canonical word order of object–verb–subject which is very rare among the world's languages.

</doc>
<doc id="18697750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697750" title="Orlando Bordón">
Orlando Bordón

Orlando Rubén Bordón, (born 7 August 1986 in Capiatá) is a football midfielder from Paraguay.
Career.
Bordón started his career in the youth divisions of Olimpia and made his professional debut in 2008 under coach Gustavo Costas. Bordón also has been called to the Under-23 Paraguay national football team in several occasions.

</doc>
<doc id="18697763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697763" title="Steven Siewert">
Steven Siewert

Steven Siewert is an Australian photojournalist and art photographer. 
Siewert's photographs have appeared in the "Sydney Morning Herald" and the book, "The Last Anzacs: Lest We Forget" with the author Tony Stephens. He has photographed many celebrities, including the Dalai Lama, Christina Aguilera, and Nicole Kidman and he won a Walkley award for his photojournalism in 2007. In 2001, Siewert was also awarded a fellowship to work in Bangkok, Thailand for Asian newspaper, The Nation. Siewert's photography has been included in solo and group exhibitions at the Leica gallery in Solms, Germany, the Museum of Sydney, the Centre for Contemporary Photography in Melbourne, the State Library of NSW and Albury Regional Art Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="18697773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697773" title="Þórðarson">
Þórðarson

Þórðarson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Þórður". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name is sometimes written "Thordarson" and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697796" title="Watershed Park">
Watershed Park

The Watershed Park is a public park located in Olympia, Washington. The site of the city's first water works, recently the park has been infested with gypsy moths.
History.
Water wells for the city of Olympia were first created in the area now comprising Watershed Park in the late 19th century. Influential Western Washington businessman Henry Clay Heermans bought the entire waterworks in 1909, and sold it to the City of Olympia in 1917. After operating the wells into the 1950s, the city planned to log the area and sell the property, leading to a Washington Supreme Court battle that led to the area's preservation, with a city ordinance protecting the area presently.
Features.
The Moxlie Creek Springs Basin, one of the largest spring basins in the region, is situated in the center of the park, which is completely forested by a temperate rain forest. Skunk cabbage and salmon berries grow alongside Moxlie Creek, which weaves throughout the area. The creek is fed by ground water and surface water runoff. Chinook salmon, coho and cutthroat trout live in the creek. There are big leaf maple, douglas fir, red alder and incense cedar throughout the park, along with huckleberry, Oregon grape, licorice and sword ferns, and devil's club. The one and a half-mile long, G. Eldon Marshall trail encircles much of the park. Evidence of the former waterworks in the form of pipes is scattered throughout the park, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18697801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697801" title="Macro-Jibaro languages">
Macro-Jibaro languages

The Macro-Jibaro proposal, also known as "(Macro-)Andean", is a language proposal of Morris Swadesh and other historical linguists. The two families, Jivaroan and Cahuapanan are most frequently linked, the isolates less often. Documentation of Urarina is underway as of 2006, but Puelche and Huarpe are extinct. Kaufman (1994) linked Huarpe instead to the Muran languages and Matanawi (see Macro-Warpean), but as of 1990 found the Jibaro-Cahuapanan connection plausible. It forms one part of his expanded 2007 suggestion for Macro-Andean.

</doc>
<doc id="18697802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697802" title="Order of Theresa">
Order of Theresa

The Order of Theresa was an order for noble ladies in the Kingdom of Bavaria. It continues to function today as an honorary society to which belong the princesses of the House of Wittelsbach as well as other ladies from Bavarian noble families.
The order was founded December 12, 1827 by Queen Therese of Bavaria, wife of King Ludwig I of Bavaria. She established an endowment which paid an annual pension to twelve unmarried noble ladies, six of whom received 300 guilders and six of whom received 100 guilders. The pension ceased when a member married; if, however, the marriage was according to the rank of the member, then the lady was permitted to continue to wear the insignia of the order and be known as an "Ehrendame" (Dame of Honour).
Various other ladies also held the rank of "Ehrendame" including all the princesses of the House of Wittelsbach. Bavarian ladies paid a reception fee of 55 guilders while foreign ladies paid 220 guilders. 
The insignia of the order is worn on the left breast and consists of a blue-enameled Maltese cross with a wide white edge, over which is placed a gold royal crown. In the four angles of the cross are lozenges with the blue-and-white arms of Bavaria. At the centre of the cross is a gold bordered white circular medallion decorated with the letter T. On the back of the medallion is the year 1827 and the motto of the order “Unser Leben sey Glaube an das Ewige” (Our life is faith forever). 
The ribbon of the order is white with two sky-blue stripes at the edge, the inner stripe being narrower than the outer stripe. The sash of the order is a similarly-coloured broad ribbon worn across the right shoulder towards the left hip.
Among the current Dames of Honour of the order is the Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="18697823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697823" title="Malibu Rapids (British Columbia)">
Malibu Rapids (British Columbia)

The Malibu Rapids forms the entrance to Princess Louisa Inlet and is also connected to the Jervis Inlet. The tidal flow of both inlets pass through this narrow and shallow passage that creates a fast moving (approximately ) and strong tidal rapids during the peak flows. At slack tide, the entrance is virtually flat calm similar to the
Skookumchuck Narrows near the entrance of the Jervis Inlet.
The way to determine the direction of the tidal flow at the narrows is to observe the direction in which the tide is flowing. If the tidal flow is heading toward the
Jervis Inlet then the tide is going out (low tide). But if the flow is moving toward Princess Louisa Inlet the tide it is coming in (high tide).
The entrance is large enough to allow marine traffic through. The narrow passage is defined by Malibu Isle and a System B type Lateral navigation buoy on the Jervis Inlet side and Malibu and the mainland on the Princess Louisa Inlet side.

</doc>
<doc id="18697825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697825" title="Betterton">
Betterton

Betterton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18697831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697831" title="Róbert Gál">
Róbert Gál

Róbert Gál (born March 30, 1979 in Budapest) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast. He is the 2005 World bronze medalist on the floor exercise. He represented Hungary at the 2004 Summer Olympics, where he placed 6th in the vault event final.
He has been named to the 2008 Hungarian Olympic Team.

</doc>
<doc id="18697841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697841" title="Take Me to Your Heart (Rick Astley song)">
Take Me to Your Heart (Rick Astley song)

"Take Me To Your Heart" is a 1988 song recorded by Rick Astley. Written and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman, the song was released the same year as the second single from the album "Hold Me in Your Arms". It was a success on the UK Singles Chart where it peaked at number eight and charted for eleven weeks. It was also a top ten hit in Germany and Ireland. Unlike most of Astley's previous singles, it was never released in the U.S.
Accusation of plagiarism.
A controversy raised around "Big Fun", the hit single recorded by American band Inner City, as the song was very similar to "Take Me to Your Heart" at the music level. Stock/Aitken/Waterman said the band had stolen the music of the song for "Big Fun" and therefore used it.

</doc>
<doc id="18697849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697849" title="Pusharo">
Pusharo

The Petroglyphs of Pusharo constitute a unique and extensive ancient rock art site in southeast Peru's Manú National Park, a jungled expanse that still contains unexplored and little known areas, and for which an official government permit is required for entry.
The site is made up of an array of deeply incised rock carvings that cover up to a height of 9 feet, a perpendicular rock face that is over 100 feet long and 75 feet high. Its location is on the south shore of the Río Palatoa (designated on some maps at this location as the Porotoa, and known by others as the Palatoa Chico). The petroglyphs are thought by some researchers to be purely pan-Amazonian in origin, and of mistico-religious or shamanic significance to those Amerindians of past centuries who must have been their creators. Others believe that there is an Incan component that is now coming to light, and that the glyphs constitute parts of a map. Definitive word on the meaning of Pusharo's glyphs must wait until further research is conducted and completed. The glyphs contain elements such as heart-shaped faces, some with double borders, spirals, zigzags, suns, "curlicue X's" and others that defy verbal description.
It appears that a rubber tapper on an Indian raid in 1909 may have been the first non-native to encounter the petroglyphs, with the next visit having been made by a Dominican missionary, Vicente Cenitagoya, in 1921. A smattering of adventurers began to arrive at the site in the 1950s, and in 1969 the site was visited by the Peruvian physician/explorer Dr. Carlos Neuenschwander Landa (who would return in later years accompanied by Peruvian explorer, Sr. Santiago Yábar). In 1970 another peripatetic Dominican, Padre Adolfo Torrealba, reached the site, followed by Japanese explorer Yoshiharo Sekino, and the French-Peruvian explorers Herbert and Nicole Cartagena in 1978. Two years later came the Peruvian archaeologist Federico Kauffmann Doig. In 1991 the party of North American explorer Gregory Deyermenjian, including Peruvian explorer Paulino Mamani and the previously mentioned Santiago Yábar, arrived at Pusharo. The site has since been visited and studied by rock art scholar Rainer Hostnig.
In 2008, it was the subject of a documentary-trek filmed for the BBC television series "Extreme Dreams" presented by Ben Fogle.

</doc>
<doc id="18697859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697859" title="P. G. Downes">
P. G. Downes

Prentice G. "Spike" Downes (1909-1959) was an American school teacher and author, who travelled by canoe to explore the Great Barren Lands and learn the ways of the Cree and Dene people. Downes' journals record a disappearing people, and a landscape unknown to all but the Canadian natives at that time. His daughter Annie Downes Catterson said of him that he traveled a great distance "in order to learn the things of long ago."
Biography.
Downes was born in New Haven, Connecticut in 1909, the son of an Episcopal clergyman. He graduated from Kent School in Kent, Connecticut in 1928 and subsequently from Harvard University. He made his first trip to the far north in 1936. When Downes was not traveling, he lived and taught in Concord, Massachusetts
On his trips, he kept detailed journals in which he recorded not only daily events, but also the stories and traditions of the Cree and Dene people. In 1939, Downes, with his companion, John, from the Brabant Lake area ascended the Cochrane River starting at the town of Brochet on Reindeer Lake, without maps, and depending solely upon the words of the local Cree Indians to find his way to the Thlewiaza River and his final destination, the Hudson Bay outpost on Nueltin Lake. Based on this trip, Downes wrote the classic canoe adventure book, "Sleeping Island".
Further reading.
Royal Saskatchewan Museum - The Pottery of P.G. Downes Prehistoric pottery Downes described and contributed to the Canadian National Museum. Includes a photo of Downes and biographical material.

</doc>
<doc id="18697863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697863" title="Reactivity (psychology)">
Reactivity (psychology)

Reactivity is a phenomenon that occurs when individuals alter their performance or behavior due to the awareness that they are being observed. The change may be positive or negative, and depends on the situation. It is a significant threat to a research study's internal validity and is typically controlled for using blind experiment designs.
There are several forms of reactivity. The Hawthorne effect occurs when research study participants know they are being studied and alter their performance because of the attention they receive from the experimenters. The John Henry effect, a specific form of Hawthorne effect, occurs when the participants in the control group alter their behavior out of awareness that they are in the control group.
Reactivity is not limited to changes in behaviour in relation to being merely observed; it can also refer to situations where individuals alter their behavior to conform to the expectations of the observer. 
An experimenter effect occurs when the experimenters subtly communicate their expectations to the participants, who alter their behavior to conform to these expectations. The Pygmalion effect occurs when students alter their behavior to meet teacher expectations. Both experimenter effects and Pygmalion effects can be caused by bias and stereotyping, as demonstrated by studies involving stereotype threat.

</doc>
<doc id="18697878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697878" title="Popular sovereignty in the United States">
Popular sovereignty in the United States

Popular sovereignty is a doctrine rooted in the belief that every human being is sovereign, and rather than a monarch or single individual, that "they" could unite and each delegate a small portion of their sovereign powers and duties to those who wished to temporarily serve as officers and employees of a state, who would then serve the rest of the people according to the will of the people expressed via a constitution and democratic process.
That the people fought for equality with the King of England was enshrined in their Declaration of Independence and was a matter of common knowledge in America after the Revolution. The first Chief Justice, John Jay, published this in his Opinion in the first "major" supreme Court case in order to briefly illustrate what was ordained and established and would eventually come to be known by the American usage of the term "popular sovereignty":
Further, while it is true that the people are each sovereigns, it is imperative to grasp that the individual people's sovereignty is "dual-fold". That is to say, over their bodies, lives, private holdings and the like, they are akin to the Monarchs of Europe (with few exceptions, like the doctrine of eminent domain), but over the several states and the Union (the public property, interests, etc..), they are only "co-sovereign" and the public is governed via elected representatives of the people.Amendment IX. The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.Amendment X. The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.</ref> This important concept of matters and things that are "public" and those that are "private" can be a source of some confusion for those unfamiliar with the principles. The "public" and "private" are mutually exclusive, or in other words, that which is "public" is not "private", and that which is "private" is not "public". Further, that which is "public" is of interest to all the people jointly, not just to one in particular, but in no way was it ever intended to express or imply that the private sector was to be subject to the state public servants. In fact, even over the public sector, it is the people as a whole who remain the sovereign of the several states and the United States of America. In 1886, 93 years after the supreme Court's holding in Chisholm v. Georgia, Justice Thomas Stanley Matthews expressed this in his Opinion in Yick Wo v. Hopkins:
As noted by legal historian Christian G. Fritz in "American Sovereigns: The People and America's Constitutional Tradition Before the Civil War," both before and after the Revolution, Americans believed "that the people in a republic, like a king in a monarchy, exercised plenary authority as the sovereign. This interpretation persisted from the revolutionary period up to the Civil War." However, as wide spread as this belief in the power of the people was, the early Americans infrequently used the term "popular sovereignty" to describe the idea. Rather, in expressing this founding concept of rule by the people, they would described the ideal of how "the people" would exercise sovereignty in America and that the state officers and employees function as "public servants." The actual use of the term, "popular sovereignty," didn't begin to gain popularity until around the 1840s.
History of the concept of "popular sovereignty".
The idea that the people were sovereign (often linked with the notion of the consent of the governed) was not invented by the Americans. Rather, the consent of the governed and the idea of the people as a sovereign had clear 17th and 18th century intellectual roots in European history. The American contribution lay in what Americans did with the idea that the people were the sovereign—how they struggled with and put that idea into practice. Before the American Revolution, few examples existed of a people deliberately creating their own governments. Most people in the world experienced governments as an inheritance—whether monarchies or expressions of raw power.
What underscored the excitement surrounding the creation of constitutions establishing governments in America after Independence was the fact that Americans deliberately and self-consciously created governments at one single moment explicitly relying on the authority of the sovereignty of the people (or "popular sovereignty"). The American Revolution marked the establishment of the concept of popular sovereignty in large scale practice as it had been discussed and experimented with in the European historical contexts. With their Revolution, Americans substituted the sovereignty in the persons of the several European Monarchs, with a collective sovereign—composed of the people. Henceforth, early Americans (in truth, ' "European revolutionaries" '), by and large agreed and were committed to the principle that governments were legitimate only if they rested on popular sovereignty – that is, the sovereignty of the people.
Having relied upon the people as the collective sovereign to establish their first state constitutions (and later the Federal constitution), numerous questions remained for Americans to answer. What did a collective sovereign mean? How did one recognize the voice or expression of that collective sovereign and in what ways could that collective sovereign act? Americans struggled and contested over the answers to these questions from the time they declared Independence to the eve of the Civil War. During this period the idea of the people as the sovereign both unified and divided Americans in thinking about government and the basis of the Union.
In 18th-century European political thought, "the people" excluded most of the population, such as women, slaves (not just Africans, but all slaves), those lacking sufficient property, people of Tribal Nations (not just Native Americans), and children. While it took many generations to evolve the minds of the majority of the population immigrating to America from the rest of the world to a point where the term "We, the People" included everyone, this ideal was formally achieved at the dawn of the 20th century with the 19th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America. Granted, long before this time, many of the people of several States had already evolved.
Historian Ronald Formisano notes that "assertions of the peoples' sovereignty over time contained an unintended dynamic of raising popular expectations for a greater degree of popular participation and that the peoples' will be satisfied." 
Emergence of the term "popular sovereignty" and its pejorative connotation.
In 1846, as the dispute over slavery in the United States developed in the wake of the Mexican-American War, the use of the term "popular sovereignty" began to gain currency as a method to resolve the status of slavery in the country. The war ended with the United States acquisition of lands once held by Mexico. The effort to incorporate these lands into the United States uncovered long-simmering disputes about the extension of slavery – whether slavery would be permitted, protected, abolished, or perpetuated in these newly acquired areas. Congressional attempts to resolve this issue led to gridlock. Several congressional leaders, in an effort to resolve the "deadlock" over slavery as a term or condition for admission or administration of the territories, searched for a "middle ground." 
Some moderates asserted that slavery in the territories was not a matter for Congress to resolve. Rather, they argued, the people in each territory, like the people in each American state, were the sovereigns thereof, and as that sovereign they could determine the status of slavery for themselves. In this way, the term "popular sovereignty" became part of the rhetoric for leaving it up to residents of the American territories (and not Congress) to decide whether or not to accept or reject slavery. In essence, this also left it up to the people of the territories to resolve the controversy over expansion of slavery in the United States. This formed a 
"middle ground" between proponents of an outright limitation on slavery’s spread to the territories and those opposing limitation. The idea tied into the widespread assumption of Americans that the people were the sovereign.
As explained by historian Michael Morrison, the "idea of local self-determination, or, as it would become known, popular sovereignty" began to occupy the attention of members of Congress in 1846 and 1847. In modern historiography, Illinois U.S. Senator Stephen A. Douglas is most closely associated with the idea of popular sovereignty as a solution to the issue of the extension of slavery in the territories. Douglas’s biographer, the historian Robert W. Johannsen, observed that Douglas was
chairman of the Committee on Territories in both the House and Senate, and he discharged the responsibilities of his position with single-minded devotion…. During the debates over the organization of the Mexican Cession, Douglas evolved his doctrine of popular sovereignty, and from that time on it was irrevocably linked to his interest in the territories and in the West. His commitment to popular sovereignty was the deeper because he recognized in it a formula that would (he hoped) bridge the differences between the North and South on the slavery question, thus preserving the Union.…
The term "popular sovereignty" was not coined by Senator Douglas. Rather, in connection with slavery in the territories, the term was first used by presidential candidate and Michigan U.S. Senator Lewis Cass in his "Nicholson Letter" of 1847. But the term "popular sovereignty" is now closely tied to Douglas’s legacy. Ultimately, the connection of the doctrine of popular sovereignty with the failed attempt to accommodate slavery gives rise to its pejorative connotation today. Douglas
ultimately became the victim of the very politics he sought to remove from territorial policy" by advancing the idea of popular sovereignty. "His efforts were not judged in terms of their impact on the needs and desires of the territories … rather they were appraised in terms of their relation to the power struggle between North and South and to the issue of slavery. Despite Douglas’s intentions, the territories continued to be but pawns in a larger political controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="18697879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697879" title="Asano Station">
Asano Station

Lines.
Asano Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and forms a junction between the Tsurumi Main Line and Umi-Shibaura Branch Line. It is located 3.0 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station.
Station layout.
Asano Station has an island platform and two opposed side platforms serving four tracks. 
History.
Asano Station was opened on March 10, 1926 on the privately held initially for freight operations only. Passenger services began on October 28, 1930. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943, and was later absorbed into the Japan National Railways (JNR) network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697892" title="Macro-Warpean languages">
Macro-Warpean languages

Macro-Warpean is a provisional proposal by Kaufman (1994) that connected the extinct Huarpe language with the previously connected Muran and Matanawí "(Mura–Matanawí)". Morris Swadesh had included Huarpe in his Macro-Jibaro proposal.

</doc>
<doc id="18697900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697900" title="Derek Lundy">
Derek Lundy

Derek Lundy (born December 14, 1946) is a Canadian author.
His first published book was "Scott Turow: Meeting the Enemy". He achieved bestseller status with his sophomore work, "Godforsaken Sea: Racing the World's Most Dangerous Waters", an account of the harrowing 1996 Vendee Globe round the world single-handed sailing race. It has been called "the best book ever written about the terrifying business of single-handed sailing..." and Time Magazine called it "one of the best books ever written about sailing." The book was a national bestseller in Canada and has been published around the world in translation. 
He subsequently published "The Way of a Ship: A Square-Rigger Voyage in the Last Days of Sail", a semi-fictionalized account of the voyage of Benjamin Lundy around Cape Horn on a square rigged sailing vessel in the late 19th century.
His next work was published in 2006 and was called "The Bloody Red Hand: A Journey through Truth, Myth and Terror in Northern Ireland". It is an account of the Northern Irish Troubles and their historical roots, told through three of Lundy's ancestors, each of whom played an important role in Irish history. Although Lundy is an (Irish-born) Canadian author, the book received high praise in the United Kingdom. For example, Roy Foster (the Irish historian) stated in The Guardian that the book was "terse, idiomatic and arresting" and spoke of the "impressively assured" control of the material. The Independent said that it was a "distinguished work: erudite, earnest, elucidative, even-handed in its attempt to probe the Northern Ireland Protestant mind and memory-box". 
Lundy's most recent published work is "Borderlands: Riding the Edge of America". It was published in Canada in May 2010, and will be published in the United States in 2011. Borderlands was shortlisted for a British Columbia Book prize (the Hubert Evans non fiction prize) in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18697901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697901" title="Central nervous system viral disease">
Central nervous system viral disease

A central nervous system viral disease is a viral infection that affects the central nervous system.
An example is poliomyelitis.
Other examples include members of the polyomavirus family.
Treatment.
Herpes simplex encephalitis can be treated with acyclovir, but few of the other viral central nervous system infections have a specific therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="18697910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697910" title="98th Grey Cup">
98th Grey Cup

The 98th Grey Cup was a Canadian football game played between the Eastern Division champion Montreal Alouettes and Western Division champion Saskatchewan Roughriders to decide the champion of the Canadian Football League (CFL) for the 2010 season. In a rematch of the 97th Grey Cup, the Alouettes defeated the Roughriders for the second year in a row, 21–18, becoming the first team in 13 years to win back-to-back Grey Cups.
The game was played on November 28, 2010, at Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton, Alberta. This marked the first time that the Grey Cup was played in the province of Alberta in two straight years. (Calgary hosted the previous Grey Cup game.)
Alouettes quarterback Anthony Calvillo won his third Grey Cup, completing 29 of 42 pass attempts for 335 yards passing. Montreal wide receiver Jamel Richardson, who made eight catches and had a game-high 109 yards, was named Grey Cup MVP. Saskatchewan defensive lineman Keith Shologan was named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.
Host city.
On January 26, 2009 it was reported that the 98th Grey Cup had been awarded to Edmonton, Alberta. The CFL made the official announcement on February 24.
This was both the fourth Grey Cup to be held in Edmonton and the fourth to be held at Commonwealth Stadium, the most recent one before this having been the 90th Grey Cup in 2002, between the Montreal Alouettes and the hometown Edmonton Eskimos (with the Alouettes winning 25–16).
The Edmonton Eskimos announced on June 7, 2010, that the 98th Grey Cup had sold out, just one week after tickets went on sale to the general public. This set the record for the quickest sellout in the 98-year history of the game. Tickets prices ranged from $98.00 – $250.00.
Broadcasting.
Canada.
In Canada, the game was televised in high-definition by both TSN (English) and RDS (French). TSN play-by-play was provided by Chris Cuthbert, while Glen Suitor provided colour commentary. On RDS the game was announced by play-by-play man Denis Casavant and colour commentator Pierre Vercheval. The RDS broadcast team also included commentary from Marc Labrecque, Mike Sutherland and Claude Mailhot.
TSN aired Grey Cup-related programs throughout the week leading up to the 98th Grey Cup, culminating with extensive coverage on Grey Cup Saturday and TSN's broadcast of the 46th Vanier Cup. TSN's Grey Cup Sunday coverage began at 1 pm ET with a Grey Cup pre-game show hosted by the regular "CFL on TSN" panel of Dave Randorf, Jock Climie, Matt Dunigan and Chris Schultz. After the game, the panel hosted the post-game show, which was followed by a special post-game edition of "SportsCentre".
The game was watched on television by 6.04 million Canadians, making it the second most-watched game in Grey Cup history, slightly behind the previous year's game, which drew 6.1 million viewers. BBM Canada reported that the audience for the game peaked at 7.6 million viewers and that, overall, close to 14 million Canadians—or about 42% of Canada's population—tuned in to watch some or all of the broadcast on TSN and RDS. RDS' French-language broadcast drew an average audience of 1.1 million viewers.
Entertainment.
Pre-game ceremonies.
Before the game, Canadian pop rock band Down with Webster performed their single Whoa Is Me, while Canadian rock band The Trews performed the National Anthem.
Donald Ethell, the Lieutenant-Governor of Alberta, took part in the coin toss.
Halftime show.
Canadian rock band Bachman & Turner performed at the "Pepsi Max Halftime Show". They played their classic songs "You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet", "Roll on Down the Highway", "Let It Ride", "Slave to the Rhythm", and "Takin' Care of Business" on a temporary on-field stage and were accompanied by a group of dancers.
Post-game ceremonies.
The Grey Cup was presented to the captains of the Montreal Alouettes by CFL Commissioner Mark Cohon and David Johnston, the Governor General of Canada.
Game summary.
Montreal Alouettes (21) – TDs, Avon Cobourne (2); FGs Damon Duval (2); cons., Duval (2); singles, Duval (1).
Saskatchewan Roughriders (18) – TDs, Wes Cates, Marc Parenteau; FGs Warren Kean (1); cons., Kean (2); singles, Eddie Johnson (1).
Scoring summary.
The Montreal Alouettes came into the game hoping to become the first team to repeat as Grey Cup Champions since the 1996–97 Toronto Argonauts, while the Saskatchewan Roughriders were trying to avenge their last-second loss to Montreal in the previous year's Grey Cup. Anthony Calvillo demonstrated that he was one of the best quarterbacks in the CFL by passing for over 300 yards for the second consecutive Grey Cup game, in leading his Alouettes to back-to-back Grey Cup championships. Jamel Richardson and S.J. Green each had over 100 yards receiving. Avon Cobourne had a strong game for the Alouettes, scoring two touchdowns, including what turned out to be the winning touchdown.
The Alouettes opened up a 7-0 lead 5:39 into the first quarter on a three-yard run by Cobourne as the Riders were pinned deep for most of the opening 15 minutes. Then Duval missed a 31-yard field goal, wide right, scoring a single point to make it 8-0 Montreal at 11:14. The momentum seemed to shift from that point on. A pass interference call on Chip Cox in the Alouettes' end zone gave Saskatchewan a first-and-goal on the Montreal 1-yard line, and Wes Cates scored a touchdown to end the first quarter, with the Alouettes leading 8-7.
In the second quarter, Warren Kean kicked a 27-yard field goal to put the Roughriders up 10-8 at 3:10 into the second quarter. The Roughriders added to the score with a punt single by Eddie Johnson with a minute to go in the second quarter, and ended the first half with an 11-8 lead. Jerrell Freeman had an excellent half on defence for the Roughriders with three tackles, a quarterback sack, and two pass knockdowns.
One of the key plays of the game happened with 11:06 left in the third quarter, when Marc Trestman gambled on a 3rd-and-2 with a fake punt on the Montreal 41-yard line. The direct snap went to receiver Eric Deslauriers, who ran ten yards for the first down, and that play helped set up a 22-yard Damon Duval field goal to tie the game 11–11 with 5:35 left in the third quarter.
With 13:23 remaining in the fourth quarter, Damon Duval kicked a 42-yard field goal to put the Alouettes up 14-11. On a 2nd-and-5 play scrimmaging from the Saskatchewan 52-yard line with 9:37 left in the fourth quarter, Byron Bullock appeared to intercept an Anthony Calvillo to Ben Cahoon pass attempt. However, Bullock was called for pass interference on Ben Cahoon, resulting in a ten-yard penalty and a first down for the Alouettes. Later during the Alouettes' drive, on a 2nd-and-7 from the Saskatchewan 40-yard line, Calvillo successfully threw to Jamel Richardson who was in tight coverage by Roughriders' cornerback Omarr Morgan on the Saskatchewan 2-yard line. Avon Coubourne scored on a 2-yard touchdown run to put the Alouettes up 21-11 with 7:46 left in the 4th quarter.
The Riders replied by driving down the field capped by Darian Durant's 1-yard touchdown pass to Marc Parenteau 3:28 left in the 4th quarter to make the score 21-18. On the ensuing Alouettes' drive, with 2:49 left in the 4th quarter and the ball on the Alouettes' 40-yard line, Calvillo completed a pass-and-run play to fullback Quincy Carter down the left sideline that took the ball to the Roughriders' 36-yard line. Damon Duval's 40-yard field goal attempt missed wide right. With 1:07 left in the game and the Roughriders 1st-and-15 at their own 25-yard line, Darian Durant, after breaking out of what looked like a sure sack by Diamond Ferri at the Roughriders' 18-yard line, threw the ball downfield toward the left sideline, but was intercepted by Alouettes' defensive back Billy Parker at the Roughriders' 38-yard line with 56 seconds left in the game. The Alouettes were able to hang on to win 21-18.
The Alouettes' defence, which had sometimes looked ordinary during the last few weeks of the regular season, came up big in the Grey Cup Final. Darian Durant had an ordinary day passing for only 215 yards after leading the league in passing during the regular season. The Alouettes' defence limited Durant and the Roughdiders to one touchdown pass, one running touchdown, a single and a field goal, as they kept Durant in check to help them win their second straight Grey Cup, and third win of the decade, ensuring the Alouettes' place in history as the first dynasty of the 2000s.
For Anthony Calvillo, Scott Flory, Anwar Stewart, and Ben Cahoon it was their third Grey Cup together as they were all on the Alouettes' 2002 Grey Cup Championship team, and a fourth for Stewart who won his first in 2001 with the Calgary Stampeders a year before joining the Alouettes.
2010 CFL playoffs.
Division Semi-finals.
East Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 14, 1:00 pm Eastern Standard Time<br>Venue: Ivor Wynne Stadium, Hamilton, Ontario
West Semi-Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 14, 3:30 pm Central Standard Time<br>Venue: Mosaic Stadium, Regina, Saskatchewan
Division Finals.
East Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 21, 1:00 pm Eastern Standard Time<br>Venue: Olympic Stadium, Montreal, Quebec
The Montreal Alouettes entered the East final with many questions to answer, most notably how their defence would hold against a Toronto team that was full of confidence following their big win over Hamilton the previous weekend. It was obvious from the start of the first quarter that the Alouettes had come ready to play, as they jumped out to a 17–0 lead after fifteen minutes. The Alouette defence kept Toronto starter Cleo Lemon off balance for most of the game. Lemon was sacked and intercepted numerous times and could not get any big plays out of his offence. The Alouette defence kept Cory Boyd from having any big plays and Montreal always kicked away from Argo kick returner Chad Owens, who never had any run-backs like those he had had in the regular season. Anthony Calvillo was sharp, finding Jamel Richardson for two touchdown passes. Avon Cobourne had 163 yards rushing and over 50 yards receiving while helping Montreal to advance to their third straight Grey Cup game under coach Marc Trestman. The Montreal offence was able to score at will against what was supposed to be a good Argonaut defence. Calvillo was well protected and was never really threatened during the game; he gave way to back-up quarterback Adrian McPherson with about eight minutes remaining in the game. The only bright spots for Toronto were kicker Noel Prefontaine, who connected for three field goals, and Jeremaine Copeland, who made an amazing diving catch for his team's only touchdown with less than a minute remaining in the game.
West Final.
Date and time: Sunday, November 21, 2:30 pm Mountain Standard Time<br>Venue: McMahon Stadium, Calgary, Alberta

</doc>
<doc id="18697918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697918" title="Cranmore, Sligo">
Cranmore, Sligo

Cranmore (from the Gaelic for "Big Tree") is a large local authority housing development in Sligo, it is situated on the eastern side of Sligo town. It is the largest housing estate in the west of Ireland with 511 houses, it was built in five phases from the early seventies to 1985. There are 246 houses owned by the local authority, a further 213 houses in private ownership and 52 houses built by the housing agency, Cluid. Cranmore is made up of 15 blocks of houses or "drives" as they are known locally, including Cranmore Place, Cranmore Drive, Cranmore Villas, O'Dwyer Court, Devins Drive, Geldof Drive, McNeill Drive, Langan Drive, Racecourse View (originally Banks Drive), Carroll Drive, Benson Drive, Yeats Drive, Collery Drive, John Fallon Drive and Joe McDonnell Drive. 
The estate has two main access points with entrances from the Cranmore road to the north and Cleveragh road to the south, it also has walking entrances on Cranmore Place, Joe McDonnell Drive and Collery Drive.
Population.
With approximately 494 occupied houses and a population of between 1,600 and 1,700, Cranmore is as large as county Sligo's second and third largest towns, the estate having a larger population than both Ballymote (with 1,229) and Tubbercurry (with 1,171). It has been over 30 years since the first houses were completed and in that time it has become one of the largest estates west of the Shannon. 
These figures are based on the following: East Ward population (2006 Census): 5,334. Electorate those over the age of 18 of East Ward (2009 Register of Electors): 4,445 of which 941 are registered in Cranmore Estate.
There is a very active community based project, "Abbey Quarter Project". This projects provides resources for youth groups, maintains the green areas and the local football pitch, "Sean Fallon Park".
Crime.
There has always been a small crime problem on the estate with car theft, muggings and breaking and entering the most common; this has led to the installation of 10 CCTV cameras funded by the rapid program located around the estate for crime prevention and there is often a Garda Síochána presence in the estate. 
The estate has had three unsolved brutal murders in recent times including two men gunned down and the third attacked with a hatchet. Houses on the estate have been subject to gun attacks and there have been numerous drug seizures by Gardaí throughout the area's history.
Sport.
The Cranmore area has two soccer pitches, Sean Fallon Park and Ray McSharry Park, which are home to local teams Abbey United, City United, City Gaels and the Sligo Leitrim League. There are also basketball and tennis courts, however these are in a dilapidated state. The area is next to the Mercy College which facilities include indoor basketball courts, running track and camogie pitch and Cranmore is located near the Sligo Racecourse and Sligo Sports Complex. 
The Community Sport Development Officer has worked closely with the Cranmore Regeneration Project and the Resource House Project to develop new sport and recreation programmes for young people in the area.
Community.
Cranmore has a strong community with many clubs and projects including the Cranmore Regeneration Project which was established because of significant concerns about the estate including inadequate quality of housing stock, early school leaving, increasing levels of anti-social behaviour, lack of adequate youth, sport, childcare facilities etc. 
Other groups include the Child Development Project, Cranmore Women's Group, Cranmore Youth Club, Cranmore Community Platform, Cranmore Senior Citizens Group and the Cranmore Community Playgroup.
Street Names.
The street names within Cranmore honour both local and national figures, who include:

</doc>
<doc id="18697919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697919" title="Pedro de Viscarra">
Pedro de Viscarra

Pedro de Viscarra de la Barrera, twice Royal Governor of Chile, was an old lawyer who had arrived in the Captaincy General of Chile from Spain in 1590. Alonso de Sotomayor went to Peru on July 30, 1592 to petition the viceroy there for more men leaving Pedro de Viscarra with the title of lieutenant governor of Chile. Upon the arrival of Martín García Óñez de Loyola on 23 September 1592 to replace Sotomayor, Viscarra relinquished his office.
After Loyola was killed in the Battle of Curalaba in December 1598, Pedro de Viscarra again was the temporary governor of the Kingdom of Chile for six months until he was replaced as governor by Francisco de Quiñónez in May 1599. 

</doc>
<doc id="18697942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697942" title="FX (comics)">
FX (comics)

FX is a six-issue comic book limited series written by creator Wayne Osborne and drawn by John Byrne. It is published by IDW Publishing. The series was the result of a lifelong comics fan living his dream by hiring a professional artist to bring his creation to life.
Publication history.
"FX" was a fan-commissioned series, John Byrne made it known on his message board that he was open to full-comic commissions, at a cost of $20,000 an issue, and Osborne took him up on it, even though this was his first comic book. The production was done using the Marvel Method where the story is plotted, the art is drawn and then the script finalised because, as Byrne says, "that eliminated about 90% of the mistakes newbie writers make." A follow up series, "FX: The Lost Land", was released as a graphic novel in December 2010 with art by Uko Smith.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected as a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="18697960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18697960" title="Hibito–Cholon languages">
Hibito–Cholon languages

The extinct Hibito–Cholón or Cholónan languages form a proposed language family that links two languages of Peru, Hibito and Cholón, extinct as of 2000. They may also be related to the extinct Culle language, and perhaps to the language of the Chachapoya, but the data for all of these languages is poor.
Lexicon.
Several basic Hibito and Cholon words appear to be related, though the data on both languages is poor. The following examples are given in the "ad hoc" orthography of the three sources we have on these languages: 

</doc>
<doc id="18698004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698004" title="Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)">
Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)

"Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)" is a song written and originally recorded by Billy Joel which appeared as the final song on his album "Turnstiles" in 1976. Several live performances of the song have been released. He performed this song at benefit concerts: The Concert for New York City for victims of the September 11 attacks in 2001, on the television program "" for Hurricane Sandy victims in 2012 and during his set at . In the 2012 versions, he tweaked the original lyrics to reference the damage done by the hurricane.
Background and story.
The release of "Turnstiles" followed Billy Joel's return to his hometown of New York from a brief foray in Los Angeles which resulted in the albums "Piano Man" and "Streetlife Serenade". Several of the songs are linked to this transition, including "Say Goodbye to Hollywood" and "New York State of Mind."
Speaking at the University of Pennsylvania in 2001, Joel explained that he wrote the song while living in Los Angeles in 1975, when New York City was on the verge of default. Joel stated that people in Los Angeles, including former New Yorkers, were deriding New York for its troubles. Joel says he thought, "If New York's going to go down the tubes, I'm going to go back to New York." He explains that the song depicts the apocalypse occurring in New York, "the skyline tumbling down, this horrendous conflagration happening in New York City." Joel stated that the song is titled "Miami 2017" because many New Yorkers retire to Miami and the narrator is telling his grandchildren in the year 2017 about what he saw in the destruction of New York.
Joel has described it as a "science fiction song" about an apocalypse occurring in New York as a result of discussions that the city was failing in the 1970s. New York was bordering on bankruptcy, and after asking the Federal Government for help, they were denied assistance. This resulted in the famous headline on the "New York Daily News", stating "Ford to City: Drop Dead".
Response.
In a review of "Songs in the Attic" for "Rolling Stone" magazine, Timothy White wrote, "'Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway),' from 1976's "Turnstiles", is one chauvinistic New Yorker's reaction to the famous "Daily News" default-era headline ... and the composer's elaborate fantasy-farce about the apocalyptic destruction of the city is as take-it-or-leave-it defiant as the front page that inspired it."
When the New York radio station WNEW-FM dropped its rock music format (in favor of "hot talk") in 1998, disc jockey Carol Miller chose "Miami 2017" as one of her farewell songs (along with Jimi Hendrix's version of "The Star-Spangled Banner").
Reviewing Joel's 2010 compilation "The Hits", on which "Miami 2017" was not included, reviewer Mike Doyle wrote, "[the album is not necessarily representative of his best work. ... issing are some of the songs that helped define Billy Joel as one of the most talented American songwriters, such as ... 'Miami 2017' ..."
Significance after September 11, 2001.
Shortly after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, Billy Joel performed the song at a benefit concert on October 20, 2001. Joel pronounced at the end of the song, "I wrote that song 25 years ago. I thought it was going to be a science fiction song; I never thought it would really happen. But unlike the end of that song, we ain't going anywhere!" - a sentiment met with raucous applause.
Cover versions.
"Miami 2017" was recorded by Richard Marx in 1993, and released as a bonus track on international versions of his album "Paid Vacation".
The song appeared in the original Chicago production of the jukebox musical "Movin' Out" but was not included in the final version of the musical as performed on Broadway.
Live performances.
Eight live performances of the song are available:
Notes.
The song is available as downloadable content for the rhythm video game "Rock Band 3" where it is listed as "Miami 2017 (See the Lights Go Out on Broadway)".

</doc>
<doc id="18698008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698008" title="Operation Viking Hammer">
Operation Viking Hammer

Operation Viking Hammer was a unconventional warfare operation during the Iraq War which took place in northern Iraq, commonly known as Iraqi Kurdistan. The goal of the operation was to eliminate the Ansar al-Islam terrorist as they had occupied parts of Kurdistan.
Background.
Ansar al-Islam was an Islamist terrorist organization which made its first appearance in Iraqi Kurdistan in December 2001. The group was made up of a combination of Kurdish recruits and Arab veterans of the war in Afghanistan. The group also had non-Kurdish/Arabic members. From 2001 to 2003, they fought against Kurdish forces in northern Iraq, carving out an enclave around the town of Halabja which they placed under their control. The CIA also suspected Ansar al-Islam of manufacturing chemical weapons and the poison Ricin in a factory in the town of Sargat.
In addition, at least two other militant Kurdish Islamic groups were operating in the region, and these generally aligned themselves with Ansar al-Islam.
After Turkey had denied the U.S. 4th Infantry Division passage through their borders, the burden of carrying out the northern front of the war in Iraq fell on an "ad hoc" coalition of Americans to include CIA Special Activities Division paramilitary operations officers, Special Forces soldiers from 10th SFG and airborne units that parachuted into northern Iraq, and Kurdish Peshmerga forces of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and Kurdish Democratic Party. Before beginning the attack south, the coalition forces first needed to destroy Ansar al-Islam's enclave in order to secure the Kurdish rear areas and free Kurdish forces to take part in the advance southwards. 
Battle.
Ansar al-Islam fighters held a series of mountaintop positions which offered their men a commanding view of the surrounding areas, but also left them vulnerable to air strikes. Cruise missile strikes against Ansar al-Islam positions were launched on March 21. The Americans originally planned to launch a ground attack immediately following the air strikes, but most American forces were not in place. Once more American troops arrived, the date of the attack was set for March 28. The plan called for four lines of advance for the Kurdish forces, with each force accompanied by U.S. Special Forces and CIA paramilitary officers. 
On the eve of the battle, the Islamic Group of Kurdistan, which had been allied with Ansar al-Islam, surrendered after having suffered 100 men killed in the March 21 strikes. 
The attack from the south on the morning of the 28th was met with heavy fire from the Ansar defenders. Airstrikes were called in and the defenders routed. The Kurds and US advisors pursued them and captured the town of Gulp hours ahead of schedule. The majority of the Ansar fighters retreated to the town of Sargat. Advancing on Sargat, the Kurds and Americans were pinned down for three hours by mortar and machine gun fire. Unable to call in airstrikes or contact friendly forces due to the deep valley blocking radio signals, the Special Forces soldiers used a Barrett M82 .50 caliber sniper rifle to take out Ansar al-Islam machine gun crews while the Kurds brought up artillery. The combination of artillery support and accurate long-range sniper fire drove the Ansar al-Islam forces from the town. Pursuing Ansar fighters into the hills, American and Kurdish forces were again pinned down by machine gun fire and had to call in more air strikes before darkness put an end to the day's fighting. 
The next day, the Americans and Kurds pursued the Ansar al-Islam forces further into the mountains, towards the Iranian border. Many fighters attempted to flee across the border, only to be arrested by the Iranians. Many were sent back across the border and were later captured by Kurdish forces. However, Kurdish sources allege that many Ansar al-Islam fighters were in fact harbored by Iran. 
Aftermath.
Operation Viking Hammer had eliminated Ansar al-Islam's presence in northern Iraq, and allowed Kurdish units to join the fight against Iraqi troops in northern Iraq. 
American intelligence personnel inspected the suspected chemical weapons site in Sargat and discovered traces of Ricin in the ruins, as well as potassium chloride. They also discovered chemical weapons suits, atropine nerve gas antidotes, and manuals on manufacturing chemical weapons, lending credence to the idea that the site was related to the manufacture of chemical weapons and poisons.
In a 2004 US New and World Report article, "A firefight in the mountains", the author states:
Three U.S. Army Special Forces soldiers were awarded the Silver Star for their actions around Sargat. Several members of the SAD paramilitary team received CIA's rare Intelligence Star for "extraordinary heroism" in combat. 
Ansar al-Islam would later re-emerge as a group involved in the Iraqi insurgency, but significantly depleted in strength due to this battle.

</doc>
<doc id="18698013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698013" title="Boy (Book of Love song)">
Boy (Book of Love song)

"Boy" is the title of the 1985 debut single by the American synthpop band Book of Love. The song was included on the band's eponymous debut album "Book of Love" in 1986.
Although the song failed to reach the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, it did make the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart, where it peaked at no. 7 in April 1985.
"Boy" was written by band member Theodore ("Ted") Ottaviano and features a prominent tubular bells melody. The band secured a recording contract when the demo of the song was given to DJ/producer Ivan Ivan, who then passed it along to Seymour Stein of Sire Records.
In 1985, a rare Australian promotional video was shot for the single. (see External links for video) On May 21, 1985, the song was featured on American Bandstand's rate-a-record segment. Up against B.E. Taylor Group's "Reggae Rock & Roll", "Boy" won the competition with the score of 84.
In 2000, almost sixteen years later, the song was remixed by noted club DJ Peter Rauhofer, as well as Headrillaz, Dubaholics, RPO, and re-released to dance clubs in late 2000/early 2001. These remixes, including an almost ten minute long version by Rauhofer, again charted on the "Billboard" Club Play chart under the title "Boy (Remixes)", this time reaching no. 1 on the dance chart in February 2001. Both the original version of "Boy" as well as an edit of the remix by Rauhofer were included on Book of Love's greatest hits album, "", in 2001.
In 2001, a promotional video remix titled 'Big Red Mix' was made for the album edit of the Peter Rauhofer remix using footage from the band's 1989 appearance at the Concert Against AIDS benefit in San Francisco. (see External links for video)
Track listings.
1985 7" Single (Sire Records 7-29030).
Side A:
"Boy" - 3:02
Side B:
"Book of Love" - 4:31
1985 12" Maxi-Single (Sire Records 0-20229).
Side A: 
Side B:
2000 2 x 12" Promo (Reprise Records PRO-A-100359).
Side A:
Side B:
Side C:
Side D:
2001 12" Promo (Reprise Records – PRO-100499).
Side A:
Side B:
2001 2 x 12" Single (Reprise Records 0-44928).
Side A:
Side B:
Side C:
Side D:
Personnel.
Written by Theodore Ottaviano.
1985 Version Credits
2001 Remixes Credits
Official versions.
" * " denotes that version is available as digital download

</doc>
<doc id="18698025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698025" title="Artists Repertory Theatre">
Artists Repertory Theatre

Artists Repertory Theatre (Artists Rep) is a critically acclaimed professional non-profit theatre located in Portland, Oregon. The company was established in 1982 and focuses on presenting the works of contemporary playwrights, including many world premieres. In addition to producing six to eight productions in Portland annually, the company regularly adds special programming and collaborations. They also often tour productions nationally with the support and collaboration of partnering theatre companies and the National Endowment for the Arts.
Founded in 1982, Artists Repertory Theatre is the longest-running professional theatre company in Portland.  Artists Rep is committed to world-class acting, directing, design and stagecraft that support new playwriting and aspires to embody great literature, moving audiences to truly feel—to experience—story telling in a way that only the best live theatre can. Portland’s premiere mid-size regional theatre company is led by Artistic Director Dámaso Rodriguez and Managing Director Sarah Horton. For the 2013/14 season Artists Rep will offer nine bold and entertaining new plays written by internationally acclaimed playwrights, and guided by esteemed directors. Artists Rep productions will feature the work of a core group of accomplished Resident Artists, each with a shared history and a shorthand for collaboration, working alongside guest artists from Portland and beyond. 
Their Mission: Artists Repertory Theatre challenges artists and audiences with adventurous and provocative plays staged in an intimate environment. Artists Rep feeds our community’s artistic soul with premieres, re-imagined classics, new play development and educational outreach.
History.
Act I.
1982-89: Rebecca Adams (as producing director), Peter Waldron (as designer), Joe Cronin, Amy Fowkes, David Gomes and Vana O’Brien formed Artists Repertory Theatre in 1982; their goal was to present contemporary playwrights' work in an intimate space. Through the early years of the theatre, they would use the local YWCA’s 110–seat Wilson Center for the Performing Arts as their performance area. Then in 1988, Artists Rep would appoint Allen Nause to the position of Artistic Director; he would go on to hold the position for over 20 years leading the theatre through much acclaim and success.
Act II.
1990-99: In order to become more in-touch and helpful in the community, Artists Rep creates an improvisation and role-playing program to teach life-skills named ART Reach (later renamed Actors to Go) in 1990. With this program, actors presented workshops and performances that foster creativity, critical thinking, problem–solving and cooperation skills. In 1991, Artists Rep would begin a development program, focused on creating new plays; and in its first year Artists Rep would earn an Oregon Book Nomination for their world premiere production of Nancy Klementowski's "After the Light Goes". Amid such critical and financial success Artists Rep needed room to grow, so in 1995 they began a campaign to raise money for a new facility. After 2 years, Artists Rep was able to raise $1.2 million; with this money they moved into the Alder St. space, which would include  a 172–seat black box theater, administrative offices, a green room and dressing rooms, set–building shop, wardrobe room and rehearsal hall. Also in 1997, while they were experiencing much internal growth, they were able to expand their presence in the world with an Artists Rep production at an international human rights play festival held on a tour of Pakistan.
2000-2009: To begin the new millennia, in 2000 Artists Rep chose to participate in the first-ever-reciprocal artistic collaboration between the United States and Vietnam, the Vietnam America Theatre Exchange. To accommodate their growing demand, Artists Rep decides to start a Second Stage season in 2002; these productions would take place at an off-site location as the Alder St. space was too small. In 2004, Artists Rep received the honor of being one of only six companies nationally to be selected to the largest-ever tour of Shakespeare in U.S. history. This would be a continuation of their previous US/Vietnam collaboration, but extended to a tour of the seven Western states through the National Endowment for the Arts’“Shakespeare in American Communities” initiative. Later that year, Artists Rep began the expansion of their theatre space with the purchase of a 29,000 sq.ft. area of an entire city block for $4.8 million. The next year, 2005, Artists Rep finally opened an on-site location, the Morrison Stage, for their Second Stage productions; it would feature a more intimate setting with 164 seats. In 2008, Michael Mendelson, Vana O’Brien, Amaya Villazan and Todd Van Voris would become Artists Rep’s first Resident Acting Company, and they all still remain members to this day. After opening the Morrison Stage in 2005, Artists Rep moves forward with a plan in 2009 to connect the two theatres with the construction of a staircase and the expansion of the Alder St. Stage’s lobby.
Act III.
2010-Now: Artists Rep kicks off its 2010/11 season with a co-production of Eugene O'Neill's Long Day's Journey Into Night with the award-winning and internationally recognized Sydney Theatre Company. The production features a stellar cast including Academy-Award winning actor William Hurt, Australian star of stage and screen Robyn Nevin, Artists Rep Company Member Todd Van Voris, and Sydney Theatre Company Members Luke Mullins and Emily Russell. The next year, 2012, Artists Rep celebrates its 30th Anniversary season! Allen Nause, the theatre's Artistic Director for 25 years announces his retirement. An extensive nationwide search for his successor begins and Dámaso Rodriguez is selected among hundreds of applicants. In 2013, New Artistic Director Dámaso Rodriguez expands upon Artists Rep's Resident Artists to include not only actors but also directors,designers and writers. This same year Artists Rep becomes a bustling arts campus and would begin housing a diverse group of EIGHT complementary arts organizations within its red walls. The arts organizations that are currently occupying this space are Portland Shakespeare Project, Profile Theatre, Traveling Lantern Theatre Company, Polaris Dance, Portland Area Theatre Alliance, Portland Revels and The Red Door Project.
Productions.
2004/2005 Season.
"For seasons past the 2004/2005 season, you can find them at" http://www.artistsrep.org/learn-about-us/production-history.aspx?season=2114

</doc>
<doc id="18698046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698046" title="A Is for Alien">
A Is for Alien

A is for Alien is Caitlin R. Kiernan's fifth short story collection, her first devoted entirely to her science fiction work. It was published by Subterranean Press in 2009. Cover art was provided by Jacek Yerka, and interior illustrations by Vince Locke. The book closes with an afterword by Elizabeth Bear. "'Ode' to Katan Amano" originally appeared in Kiernan's 2005 collection of "weird erotica," "Frog Toes and Tentacles". "A Season of Broken Dolls" and "In View of Nothing" originally appeared in Kiernan's "Sirenia Digest", issues 15 and 16 respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18698055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698055" title="Sovereignty Party">
Sovereignty Party

The Sovereignty Party () is a political party in Indonesia and a contestant in the 2009 elections.
Background.
The party was established in Jakarta on 2 October 2006 following a deep study of article 1 of the Constitution of Indonesia, which states that sovereignty is in the hands of the people and is exercised according to the Constitution. Membership is open to all Indonesian citizens, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, profession, social status or gender.
Party Philosophy.
The party has a vision to bring about an Indonesian nation that is sovereign, has a religious and nationalistic perspective, that is strong and prosperous and that has an equal standing in the international community. It aims to be a party that is the choice of the people and that is consistent in struggling for and prioritizing their rights and sovereignty as expressed in the Constitution of Indonesia. Other policies include support for the 30% minimum of female legislative candidates in the interest of gender equality, transparency in governance and regional autonomy in the management of natural resources. in order to avoid national disintegration. It is reported to be close to former Jakarta governor Sutiyoso, a candidate in the 2009 Indonesian presidential election but although it has considered him, has yet to decide on a candidate
In the 2009 elections, the party won only 0.4 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the Sovereignty Party was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
Bengkulu 1.9%
Jambi 0.4%
South Sumatra 0.7%
Lampung 0.6%
Bangka-Belitung Islands 0.5%
East Java 0.5%
West Kalimantan 0.6%
Central Kalimantan 0.4%
South Kalimantan 0.6%
East Kalimantan 0.7%
West Nusa Tenggara 0.7%
East Nusa Tenggara 1.0%
West Sulawesi 0.6%
North Sulawesi 0.5%
Central Sulawesi 0.5%
South Sulawesi 0.7%
South East Sulawesi 1.4%
North Maluku 1.1%
West Papua 1.0%
Papua 1.3%

</doc>
<doc id="18698066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698066" title="Mark Joseph (author)">
Mark Joseph (author)

Mark Joseph is an American novelist. He is the author of the novels "To Kill the Potemkin" and "Typhoon" (1991), and is a 1967 graduate of the University of California, Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="18698079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698079" title="Cathy Godbold">
Cathy Godbold

Catherine "Cathy" Godbold is an Australian actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18698080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698080" title="Vladimir Matetsky">
Vladimir Matetsky

Vladimir Leonardovich Matetsky (); May 14, 1952, Moscow) is a Russian and Soviet composer, producer, and radio presenter. Matetsky is a member of the Russian Authors' Society. He is married and has one daughter, Maria (born 1987) and son, Leonid (born 2001).
Matetsky started to take music classes under the direction of Sofija Moisseevna Karpilovskaya, a student of Elena Fabianovna Gnesina. Vladimir learned to play guitar just as piano. He was particularly influenced by The Beatles. At the end of 1960s, Matetsky started to play in various rock bands, piano, guitar, bass-guitar. Around the same time he first started writing songs–unusually, in English rather than Russian.
His major success is considered to be the song "Lavanda"–written for Sofia Rotaru and awarded a golden disc by Melodiya.
Currently he lives and works in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18698088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698088" title="The October Man">
The October Man

The October Man is a 1947 mystery film starring John Mills and Joan Greenwood, based on a novel by Eric Ambler, who also adapted it and produced. A man is suspected of murder, and due to the lingering effects of a brain injury sustained in an earlier accident and after intense police investigation, he himself begins to doubt whether he is innocent or not.
Plot.
When a bus crashes due to faulty brakes, passenger Jim Ackland (John Mills) sustains a serious brain injury and a young girl under his care is killed. Guilt-ridden, he attempts suicide twice during his recovery.
He starts a new job as an industrial chemist and gets a room in a hotel. When he reluctantly accepts an invitation for a night out, he meets Jenny Carden (Joan Greenwood), the sister of his co-worker, Harry (Patrick Holt). They begin seeing each other quite regularly. Things reach the point where he confesses he wants to marry her, but he tells her he wants to be sure he has fully recovered first.
Molly Newman (Kay Walsh), one of the other hotel residents, asks to borrow £30 from him, a rather substantial sum. As he doesn't have that much on him, Jim good-naturedly writes her a cheque. She is found strangled the next night. Wilcox (Jack Melford), the married businessman Molly had been seeing, has an alibi. Jim admits to have been walking in the vicinity of the murder site; that plus the cheque and his head injury make him the prime suspect. Police Inspector Godby (Frederick Piper) suspects he was another of Molly's boyfriends and that, after falling in love with Jenny, he wanted to rid himself of a possible blackmailer.
When Jim learns that Mr. Peachy, the person who lived in the room directly below Molly's, had told the police that Jim was in her room every night, Jim confronts him in his room. Peachy brazenly admits killing Molly, confident that there is no evidence against him. Peachy had regularly given her money; when Jim made her a loan, it had given rise to an insane jealousy, with fatal results.
Jim goes to the police, but they do not believe him. When they come to take him into custody, Jim flees. He follows Peachy to Paddington Station, then discovers from a tag on Peachy's luggage that he intends to flee the country by plane. He phones Godby with the flight information, but when that has no effect, contemplates suicide again. Fortunately, a letter Molly had posted to Wilcox just before her death incriminates Peachy. Jenny finds Jim and gives him the good news.
Cast.
Cast notes:
Production.
Director Roy Ward Baker was an assistant director for Alfred Hitchcock on "The Lady Vanishes" (1938), while cinematographer Erwin Hillier had performed the same function for Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger on "I Know Where I'm Going" (1945). The film was made at Denham Studio in Buckinghamshire, England, and location shooting was done at Paddington Station in London.
Reception.
In his "New York Times" review, Bosley Crowther called it a "second rate film" with "a first-rate actor Mills...surrounded by a generally competent cast". In general, though, the film received good critical notices.

</doc>
<doc id="18698109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698109" title="Phool Chand Verma">
Phool Chand Verma

Phool Chand Verma (born 12 June 1939, Indore) is an Indian politician, a former member of the Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party. He was elected to the 5th Lok Sabha from Ujjain constituency in Madhya Pradesh state in 1971 as a Bharatiya Jana Sangh candidate. He was re-elected to the 6th, 7th, 9th and 10th Lok Sabha from Shajapur constituency in Madhya Pradesh state.

</doc>
<doc id="18698114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698114" title="William Henry Ward">
William Henry Ward

William Henry Ward on 30 April 1872 was granted a USA patent for "Improvement for collecting electricity for telegraphing" (U.S. Patent No. 126,356). He theorized that an "electrical layer in the atmosphere" could carry signals like a telegraph wire, and thus is sometimes listed among supposed inventors of radio.

</doc>
<doc id="18698115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698115" title="Perry Wilbon Howard">
Perry Wilbon Howard

Perry Wilbon Howard, II (June 14, 1877 - February 1, 1961), was an African American attorney and longtime Republican National Committeeman from the U.S. state of Mississippi. He served as United States Special Assistant to the Attorney General under Warren G. Harding. He was tried twice on corruption-related charges stemming from his effective control over Republican patronage in Mississippi; he was acquitted both times by all-white juries. Following the trials, he resigned from his post in the United States Department of Justice, but retained his position as head of the Republican Party in Mississippi.
Biography.
Howard was born in Ebenezer in Holmes County in central Mississippi on June 14, 1877 to Sallie (1842-?) and Perry Wilbon Howard, I (1835-1907). He graduated from the historically black Rust College in Holly Springs, Mississippi and then studied mathematics at the African American Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee. He studied the law at DePaul University College of Law in Chicago, Illinois. By 1905, Howard was a member of the Mississippi Bar Association and practiced law in the capital city of Jackson. 
He married and had a son, Perry Wilbon Howard, III (1912-1967).
He was tried on corruption charges in 1928 over his state's Republican patronage system.
Howard led U.S. Senator Robert Taft's Southern delegation at the 1952 Republican National Convention in Chicago.Taft, however, lost the party nomination to Dwight D. Eisenhower.
He died on February 1, 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18698154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698154" title="Sumgal">
Sumgal

Sumgal is a now-deserted town in the Karakash River valley in Xinjiang, China. In 1857, the explorer Robert Schlagintweit crossed the Hindutash pass from the camping grounds in Sumgal ( from Gsum Rgal meaning "three fords" in Ladakhi ), on the banks of the Karakash river, approximately 7 miles upstream from Sumgal in Ladakh and estimated its height to be 17,879 feet.
The pass cuts through the Kun Lun mountain range connecting Sumgal, (36° 11' 58" N, 78° 46' 50" E) in the Karakash River valley to the town of Pusha, (36.3833° N, 79° E), formerly Bushia, in the Yurungkash River valley, in the territory of Hotan and also connects to the road to the city of Hotan. (See maps on right.) At the top of the Hindutash pass (36° 16' 23 N, 78° 46' 50 E), there is a steep glacier with many crevasses.
The eastern Kunlun range, which is in the southern border of the Hotan, is cut by two other passes: the Sanju Pass near the town of Shahidulla, where the Maharaja of Kashmir had built a fort in exercise of his sovereignty in that area of Kashmir northwest of Hindutash, and the Yangi or Ilchi Pass, southeast of Hindutash in the northern part of the Aksai Chin area in Ladakh (see second map on right). The Hindutash pass has been used historically as the point of entry into India Proper from the ancient Buddhist Kingdom of Khotan which only explains the literal meaning of the name Hindutash signifying border post.
The latter was traversed in 1865 by W. H. Johnson of the Survey of India. W.H. Johnson’s survey established certain important points. Brinjga was in his view the boundary post (a few miles south east of Karanghu Tagh in Ladakh), thus implying that the boundary lay along the Kuen Lun Range. Johnson’s findings demonstrated that the whole of the Kara Kash valley was an integral part of the territory of Kashmir. He noted where the Chinese boundary post was accepted. At Yangi Langar, three marches from Hotan, he noticed that there was a few fruit trees at this place which originally was a post or guard house of the Chinese.
According to Johnson, “the last portion of the route to Shadulla (Shahidulla) ( which includes the Sumgal area) is particularly pleasant, being the whole of the Karakash valley which is wide and even, and shut in either side by rugged mountains. On this route I noticed numerous extensive plateaux near the river, covered with wood and long grass. These being within the territory of the Maharaja of Kashmir, could easily be brought under cultivation by Ladakhees and others, if they could be induced and encouraged to do so by the Kashmeer Government. The establishment of villages and habitations on this river would be important in many points of view, but chiefly in keeping the route open from the attacks of the Khergiz robbers.” "Hindu-tagh" means "Indian Mountain," and "Hindu-tash," "Indian stone" in the Uyghur language.

</doc>
<doc id="18698157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698157" title="Joseph Sokolsky">
Joseph Sokolsky

Joseph Sokolsky (Bulgarian: Yosif Sokolski, Gabrovo, 1786 – died on Kiev, now Ukraine September 30, 1879) was the first Bulgarian clergyman to convert to Catholicism and a pioneer of the Bulgarian Uniat Church. He was the founder of Sokolski monastery, near Gabrovo, Bulgaria. Sokolsky negotiated with Vatican a formal union due to Greek influences within Bulgarian Orthodoxy and gained Catholic recognition 1861 when Pope Pius IX named himself bishop to Bulgarians of the Byzantine rite, being soon accepted by Ottoman Empire. Sokolsky was imprisoned in a Ukrainian monastery for eighteen years, died under mysterious circumstances.
Biography.
Born around 1786 in an Orthodox family in the village of Nova Mahala, today quarter of Gabrovo and his baptismal name was Ivan. Around 1802 he became a novice in the Troyan Monastery, in the same one 1806 he brought religious vows. In the 1920s visit to Mount Athos, where he brought the collection, which contained the life of the Gabrovo's Bulgarian Saint Onuphrius. On May 1, 1826 became abbot of Kalofer Monastery.
In 1832, when he was Archimandrite Joseph Sokolsky leaves the Troyan Monastery and founded a monastery at a place called Falcon near the village Etar (now part of the city of Gabrovo ). Local monastery was to be called Sokolsky, apparently at the same time Joseph received his name. In the 1940s in the same area Sokolsky creates Joseph Convent. In 1836 in Sokol Joseph Sokolski Monastery opened a school for boys, at one time in this school taught famous Bulgarian enlightener Neophyte Bozveli.
In 1860 the Bulgarian intelligentsia and clergy growing desire for independence of Bulgarian Orthodox Church of Constantinople. At the same time, among the Bulgarians in Istanbul as an alternative to submission to the Greek patriarch develops movement union of Bulgarian Church with Rome. Of this motion were Dragan Tsankov and Dr. Georgi Mirkovich.
Joseph Sokolsky also been a supporter of the independence of the Bulgarian Church and the Greek hierarchy. Soon his countryman Nicolas Sapunov attracted him to the idea of a union with the Catholic Church. In November 1860, Joseph Sokolsky moved to Constantinople, where on December 18, 1860 became a member of the Bulgarian delegation, sent to Pope Pius IX with the request to establish an hierarchy to the Bulgarian Greek Catholic Church. On
March 15, 1861 Joseph Sokolsky with Deacon Raphael Popov, Dragan Tsankov and Georgi Mirkovich went to Italy. On March 26, 1861 the delegation was received in Rome by the Pope. On April 2, 1861 the Sistine Chapel was held in the ordination of Joseph Sokolsky as archbishop and apostolic vicar for the appointment of the Bulgarian Uniates.
Russian authorities, fearing to lose as a result of union influence on the Bulgarian church community, to develop a plan to kidnap Joseph Sokolsky. Abduction plan developed by the Russian envoy Prince Lobanov-Rostovsky, was carried out of found Gere and Petko Slaveikov lured Sokolsky on the Russian ship "Elbrus" who went on June 6, 1861 in Odessa.
After arriving in Odessa Joseph Sokolsky delivered in Kiev and placed in the Kyiv-Pechersk Lavra, where almost continuously lived until his death. After the uprising of 1863 in the grounds of the former Commonwealth of Chelm Greek Catholic Diocese expelled almost all Uniate priests. With the permission of the Emperor Alexander II, Joseph Sokolsky several times visits Hill, where a total of 72 Uniate priest were ordained. Joseph Sokolsky regularly filed an application for permission to return to Bulgaria, the last of which dates from 1878, but always refused. Joseph Sokolsky died on September 30, 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="18698158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698158" title="Now and Then (Chris de Burgh album)">
Now and Then (Chris de Burgh album)

Now And Then is a 2008 album by Chris de Burgh. It was released on UMTV Records on April 21, 2008.
Tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="18698173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698173" title="Percival Landing Park">
Percival Landing Park

Percival Landing Park is a public park located in Olympia, Washington.
History.
Named after a former commercial steamship wharf, the park is a well-known maritime landmark in the Pacific Northwest. Built by Sam Percival in 1860, the wharf operated for several decades, and was torn down and replaced several times during that period.
The first phase of Percival Landing Park was completed and opened in 1977, with the second phase opened in 1985, and the third phase in 1988. The former Unocal Tank Farm site was acquired by the City of Olympia in 1996, and is now an open lawn.
Features.
Today the park features picnic areas, public art, boat moorage and a playground. The park features a . boardwalk extends along the eastern shoreline of the West Bay of Budd Inlet from the Fourth Avenue Bridge to Thurston Avenue. The park features a carved Orca by Olympia artist Joe Tougas, who competed an identical work for Yashiro, Japan, Olympia's sister city.
There are several events held annually at Percival Landing Park, including Harbor Days and "Sand in the City", as well as the Wooden Boat Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18698175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698175" title="Ludwig Timotheus Spittler">
Ludwig Timotheus Spittler

Ludwig Timotheus Spittler (November 11, 1752 – March 14, 1810) was a German historian born in Stuttgart. He published works on national, church and political history.
Spittler studied at Tübingen, and in 1778 became a full professor at the University of Göttingen. At Göttingen he collaborated on several important projects with historians August Ludwig von Schlözer (1735–1809), Johann Christoph Gatterer (1727–1799), and constitutional law teacher Johann Stephan Pütter (1725–1807). With philosopher Christoph Meiners (1747–1810), he produced the "Göttingische Historische Magazin" from January 1787 to August 1791.
In 1786 he wrote "Geschichte des Fürstenthums Hannover seit der Reformation" (History of the Hanover Principality since the Reformation), and in 1796 published "Geschichte der Dänischen Revolution im Jahr 1660", a book in which he described how Frederick III introduced political absolutism in Denmark. Another influential work of Spittler's was "Landesgeschichte in der Zeit der Deutschen Spataufklarung" (The Country's History during the German "Spataufklarung").

</doc>
<doc id="18698196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698196" title="Marlin Model 70P">
Marlin Model 70P

The Marlin Model 70P, also known as the Marlin Papoose, is a .22 Long Rifle semi-automatic rifle manufactured by Marlin Firearms. The rifle is notable for its portability; it is less than in length when disassembled and weighs 3.25 pounds. Disassembly requires loosening a barrel retention nut by hand or with a supplied tool. It is designed as a hiker and camper utility rifle, and appeals to the same market as the AR-7. The Model 70P is based on the earlier Marlin Model 70 (currently listed as Model 795) that has a fixed barrel and conventional stock. Its semi-automatic action originated with the Marlin Model 60. The Marlin Model 70PSS variant has a synthetic stock and stainless steel barrel.
The rifle has an open rear sight and ramp front sight with high visibility orange post surrounded by a cutaway hood. The receiver has an integral .22 tip-off scope mounting rail. Swivel studs for a carrying strap are embedded in the synthetic stock. Included Marlin accessories are a 7 round metal magazine, a tool for adjusting the barrel nut, and a padded nylon carrying case designed to float in water. Optional accessories from Marlin include 7 and 10 round metal magazines. 25 round magazines are available.

</doc>
<doc id="18698217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698217" title="Allium abramsii">
Allium abramsii

Allium abramsii is a species of wild onion known by the common name Abrams' onion. 
Distribution.
"Allium abramsii" is endemic to the central Sierra Nevada in California, where it grows in the coniferous forest understory in granite sand soils.
Description.
This onion grows from one or more bulbs each just over a centimeter wide attached to a thick rhizome. It reaches a maximum height of about 15 centimeters with usually one curving cylindrical leaf. The inflorescence contains up to 40 pink or purplish flowers with lance-shaped tepals.

</doc>
<doc id="18698226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698226" title="Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami">
Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami

Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja () (February 9, 1898 - October 6, 1968) was a Gaudiya Vaishnava Acharya. He appeared (was born) on "Maghi Krsna Trtiya". That is on the third day (Tritiya) in the dark half (Krishna paksha) of the Magha (month), according to the Hindu calendar. He disappeared (passed away from this world) on "saradiya rasa-purnima". That is on the auspicious festival of Sharad Purnima, when Lord Krishna performs the Rasa lila. Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Goswami Maharaja was a disciple of Bhaktisiddhanta Saraswati Thakura Prabhupada and the founder of the religious organization Sri Gaudiya Vedanta Samiti, formed in Calcutta in 1940. Bhakti Prajnana Kesava Maharaja was also known as a friend of A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada, after whose passing away, a number of Hare Krishnas left ISKCON and joined Bhakti Prajnana Kesava's organization, led at the time by his disciple Bhaktivedanta Narayana Maharaja.
He was also the sannyasa guru of A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Bhakti Prajnana Kesava initiated ISKCON's founder into the sannyasa order on September 17, 1959 in his Gaudiya Math in Mathura, and gave him the name Bhaktivedanta Swami.

</doc>
<doc id="18698236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698236" title="Six Degrees of Separation (film)">
Six Degrees of Separation (film)

Six Degrees of Separation is a 1993 drama American film adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-nominated John Guare play of the same title, which was inspired by real-life con artist David Hampton. For her lead performance, Stockard Channing received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress. The film makes reference to two Kandinsky artworks, "Black Lines" and "Several Circles," respectively referred to as chaos and control in the film.
Synopsis.
Fifth Avenue socialite Ouisa Kittredge (Stockard Channing) and her art dealer husband Flan (Donald Sutherland), are parents of "two at Harvard and one at Groton". But the narrow world inhabited by the Kittredges and their public status as people interested in the arts make them easy prey for Paul (Will Smith). Paul is a skilful con-artist, who mysteriously appears at their door one night – injured and bleeding – and claiming to be a close college friend of their Ivy League kids, as well as the son of Sidney Poitier. Ouisa and Flan are much impressed by Paul's fine taste, keen wit, articulate literary expositions and surprising culinary skill. His appealing facade soon has the Kittredges putting him up, lending him money and taking satisfaction in his praise for their posh lifestyle. Paul's scheme continues until he brings home a hustler, and his actual indigence is revealed. The shocked Kittredges kick him out when it is revealed that they are but the most recent victims of the duplicity with which Paul has charmed his way into many upper-crust homes along the Upper East Side. Paul's schemes become highbrow legend – anecdotal accounts of which are bantered about at their cocktail parties. In the end, Paul has a profound effect on the many individuals who encounter him, linking them in their shared experience.
Reception.
The film was a critical success, with a rating of 88% at Rotten Tomatoes based on 32 reviews. It was also Stockard Channing's most successful movie since 1978's "Grease".

</doc>
<doc id="18698249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698249" title="Live at La Bonbonniere">
Live at La Bonbonniere

Live at La Bonbonniere is an EP by Candy Butchers released in 1996 in anticipation of the Candy Butchers upcoming self-titled album.

</doc>
<doc id="18698252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698252" title="My Place (book)">
My Place (book)

My Place is an autobiography written by artist Sally Morgan in 1987. It is about Morgan's quest for knowledge of her family's past and the fact that she has grown up under false pretences. The book is a milestone in Aboriginal literature and is one of the earlier works in indigenous writing.
Synopsis.
Recounts of several of Morgan's family members are told. The story setting revolves around Morgan's own hometown, Perth, Western Australia and also Corunna Downs. 
The book has been published in several parts 'for young readers' in the following parts:
Sally's story (Fremantle: Fremantle Arts Centre Press, 1990.) edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 1'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-78-4
Arthur Corunna's story (Narkaling Productions, 1995) edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 2'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-77-6
Mother and daughter: The story of Daisy and Glady's Corunna (Narkaling Productions, 1994) Edited by Barbara Ker Wilson ('My Place' for young readers, part 3'. For children.) ISBN 0-949206-79-2
The book is widely studied in Public Schools across NSW, Australia as part of an 'Aboriginal Studies' program compulsory for all students.
Aboriginal representations in "My Place".
In her essay "Always was always will be," Indigenous writer, activist and historian Jackie Huggins responds to Australian historian Bain Attwood's "deconstruction of Aboriginality" in his analysis of Sally Morgan's "My Place", in addition to identifying problems that Huggins has with the book itself. Here is a brief excerpt from Huggins' essay:
"It cannot be denied that among those who have read "My Place" are (usually patronising) whites who believe that they are no longer racist because they have read it. It makes Aboriginality intelligible to non-Aboriginals, although there are different forms of Aboriginality which need to be considered also; otherwise these remain exclusionary and the danger is that only one ‘world view’ is espoused.
"Precisely what irks me about "My Place" is its proposition that Aboriginality can be understood by all non-Aboriginals. Aboriginality is not like that. Attwood states ‘like most other Aboriginal life histories, it requires little if any translation’. To me that is "My Place"’s greatest weakness – requiring little translation (to a white audience), therefore it reeks of whitewashing in the ultimate sense." 
In her essay "Aboriginal Art and Film: The Politics of Representation", leading Aboriginal scholar Marcia Langton reflects on the (often complex) debates and controversies that surround Morgan's "My Place" – which have also plagued authors Mudrooroo and Archie Weller – and Aboriginal identity generally. 
"enormous response by white Australia to ["My Place" lies somewhere in the attraction to something forbidden... and the apparent investigation and revelation of that forbidden thing through style and family history. It recasts Aboriginality, so long suppressed, as acceptable, bringing it out into the open. The book is a catharsis. It gives release and relief, not so much to Aboriginal people oppressed by psychotic racism, as to the whites who wittingly and unwittingly participated in it" (Langton)
Sally has 4 siblings, 2 boys and 2 girls. She grows up without a father and faces challenges single handedly
References.
Sally Morgan is a story of a young Aboriginal girl growing up to false heritage and not knowing where she is from.
She faces lots of challenges, like fitting in at school, getting good marks for acceptance in University and living life without her father

</doc>
<doc id="18698258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698258" title="Barbara Scott">
Barbara Scott

Barbara Mary Scott ("nee Barnett") born 21 July 1939 in Subiaco, Western Australia is an Australian politician.
She currently is the member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the South Metropolitan Region. Elected to Parliament in the 1993 state election and subsequently re-elected in the 1996, 2001 and 2005 state elections, she is a member of the Liberal Party.
Scott grew up in the wheatbelt town of Walgoolan and after completing her teaching qualification she returned to the country as a teacher.
After entering parliament Scott has acted as the shadow minister for Culture and the Arts (March 2005 - April 2006), shadow minister for Censorship and Children (March 2005 to present) and shadow minister for the Arts (April 2006 to present).
In February 2008 Scott announced that she will retire from politics at the next state election and would not seek preselection.

</doc>
<doc id="18698262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698262" title="Viatcheslav Nazarov">
Viatcheslav Nazarov

Viatcheslav Sergeyevich Nazarov (; June 3, 1952 in Ufa, Russia – January 2, 1996 in Denver, Colorado) was a world-class jazz trombonist, pianist, and vocalist, whose extraordinary performance was recognized by jazz musicians and critics in Russia and in the USA (Vyacheslav and Viacheslav are improper his English spelling).
Nazarov graduated from the Military Music School and Musical College of Ufa. He started to play professionally in a variety of famous Soviet jazz bands when he was 16. He played in "KADANS", a group led by German Lukianov, in 1977, by 1983 he was leading soloist in the Oleg Lundstrem Orchestra, he played in the jazz ensemble Allegro led by Nick Levinovsky in 1989, and in 1990 he worked for the ensemble Melodia. With those bands, he toured nationally and played at jazz festivals abroad. Along with Viatcheslav Preobrazhensky he assembled a quintet and recorded two disks. Soviet jazz critics recognized Viatcheslav Nazarov as the number one trombonist of the country for eight years.
In 1990 Nazarov immigrated to the United States. He tried to play in a variety of groups in New York, NY and in Denver, CO. He played with jazz stars such as Lew Tabackin, Benny Golson, Valery Ponomarev, Carl Fontana, Freddy Cole and more. In 1995, Nazarov and the new Allegro participated in the JVC jazz festival in Avery Fisher Hall in New York. He died in a car accident near Denver, CO, on January 2, 1996, returning home after Christmas and New Year eve gigs in Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="18698314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698314" title="2003 Milwaukee Mile Centennial 250">
2003 Milwaukee Mile Centennial 250

The 2003 Milwaukee Mile Centennial 250 was the sixth round of the 2003 CART World Series season, held on May 31, 2003 at the Milwaukee Mile in West Allis, Wisconsin. The race was the first night race in CART history.
Qualifying results.
The qualification session was rained out, so the grid was set by times from the first practice session, which was led by Alex Tagliani. The usual point for pole was not awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="18698322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698322" title="Frederick Ferré">
Frederick Ferré

Frederick Ferré (March 23, 1933 - March 22, 2013) was Professor of Philosophy Emeritus at The University of Georgia. He was a past president of the Metaphysical Society of America. Much of his work concerned how metaphysics is entwined with practical questions about how we live our life, including the ethical dimensions of life.
Works about.
"Nature, Truth, And Value" (2006)

</doc>
<doc id="18698324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698324" title="Gilton Ribeiro">
Gilton Ribeiro


</doc>
<doc id="18698368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698368" title="Larry H. Abraham">
Larry H. Abraham

Larry H. Abraham (1939 – July 7, 2008) was the co-founder of PanAmerica Capital Group, Inc., author and a speaker on political, economic, and financial topics. He was a member of the John Birch Society. He was the co-author of the best selling book "None Dare Call It Conspiracy".

</doc>
<doc id="18698376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698376" title="Home Rule Act">
Home Rule Act

Home Rule Act can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18698388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698388" title="Capillary hemangioma">
Capillary hemangioma

A capillary hemangioma (also known as an "Infantile hemangioma," "Strawberry hemangioma", and "Strawberry nevus") is the most common variant of hemangioma which appears as a raised, red, lumpy area of flesh anywhere on the body, though 83% occur on the head or neck area. These marks occur in about 10% of all births, and usually appear between one and four weeks after birth. It may grow rapidly, before stopping and slowly fading. Some are gone by the age of 2, about 60% by 5 years, and 90–95% by 9 years. Capillary hemangioma is a vascular anomaly.
Capillary hemangiomas occur 5 times more often in female infants than in males, and mostly in Caucasian populations. Additionally, low birthweight infants have a 26% chance of developing a hemangioma.
It is the most common tumor of orbit and periorbital areas in childhood.It may occur in the skin,subcutaneous tissues and mucous membranes of oral cavities and lips as well as in the liver,spleen and kidneys. While this birthmark may be alarming in appearance, physicians generally counsel that it be left to disappear on its own, unless it is in the way of vision or blocking the nostrils.

</doc>
<doc id="18698400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698400" title="Blaketown">
Blaketown

Blaketown is a suburb to the west of Greymouth on the West Coast of New Zealand. The Grey River separates Blaketown from Cobden, and the Blaketown Lagoon separates it from the centre of Greymouth.
The population was 969 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 9 from 2001.
The town is named after Isaac Blake, an early storekeeper in the district.
Education.
Blaketown School is a coeducational full primary (years 1–8) school with a decile rating of 2 and a roll of 74.

</doc>
<doc id="18698442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698442" title="John M. Barry">
John M. Barry

John M. Barry (c. 1947/8) is an American author and historian, perhaps best known for his books on the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927, the influenza pandemic of 1918, and the development of the modern form of the ideas of separation of church and state and individual liberty. His most recent book is "Roger Williams and the Creation of the American Soul: Church, State, and the Birth of Liberty" (Viking 2012).
His book on floods got him involved in policy, and from January 2007 until October 16, 2013, he was a member of the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority - East, the levee board responsible for protecting the New Orleans metro area on the east bank of the Mississippi River. On July 24, 2013, SLFPAE filed a historic lawsuit against Exxon Mobil, BP, Shell, Chevron and 94 other oil, gas, and pipeline companies for their role in destroying Louisiana's coast. Barry was largely the architect of this suit, and has been the authority's spokesperson on it. Governor Bobby Jindal immediately demanded SLFPAE withdraw the lawsuit. The board was created after Hurricane Katrina by a constitutional amendment which passed with 81% of the vote, and the board was insulated from politics because its members-- unlike members of other levee boards in the state-- cannot be removed by the governor without cause. But Barry's term on the board expired, and Jindal did not reappoint him. The board continues to support the suit, and Barry continues to argue for it.
Barry was born in Providence, RI, graduated from Brown University, and entered a Ph.D. program at the University of Rochester but withdrew from graduate school in the middle of the semester after he received his M.A. 
He then coached high school and college football, and his first published article appeared in a professional journal for coaches, "Scholastic Coach". In the 1970s he began freelancing for magazines and moved to Washington, where he frequently contributed to "The Washington Post" Sunday Magazine and was Washington editor of the now-defunct "Dun's Review"/ "Dun's Business Month". 
His first book, "The Ambition and the Power: A true story of Washington", appeared in 1989 and explored the operation of the U.S. Congress, the use of power by Speaker of the House Jim Wright, and the rise of future Speaker Newt Gingrich. In 1995 the "New York Times" named it one of the eleven best books ever written on Congress and Washington.
Barry's 1997 book "Rising Tide: The Great Mississippi Flood of 1927 and How It Changed America" appeared on the New York Times Best Seller list and won the 1998 Francis Parkman Prize from the Society of American Historians for the year's best book on American history. In 2005, the New York Public Library named it one of the fifty best books of all kinds-- fiction, nonfiction, and poetry-- in the preceding 50 years. His work on water-related issues was recognized by the U.S. National Academies of Science in its invitation to give the 2006 Abel Wolman Distinguished Lecture on Water Resources; he is the only non-scientist ever to give that lecture.
His 2004 book "The Great Influenza: The Epic Story of the Greatest Plague in History" was also a New York Times Best Seller, and won the 2005 Keck Communication Award from the United States National Academies of Science for the year's outstanding book on science or medicine. In 2005 he also won the "September 11th Award" from the Center for Biodefense and Emerging Pathogens at Brown University. He has served on a federal government's Infectious Disease Board of Experts, on the advisory board of MIT's Center for Engineering Fundamentals, and on the advisory committee at Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health for its Center for Refugee and Disaster Response.
The expertise he developed in these two areas has involved him in policy-making, risk communication and disaster management strategies, and developing resilient communities, and this work resulted in his induction into Delta Omega, the academic honorary society for public health. More specifically, he has advised the private sector and local, state, national, and international government officials about preparing for another influenza pandemic. He has also both advised officials and taken a direct role in preparing for water-related disasters. A resident of New Orleans, after Hurricane Katrina he was also named to both the Southeast Louisiana Flood Protection Authority, which is the levee board overseeing several separate levee districts in the New Orleans area, and the state's Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority, which is responsible for hurricane protection for the entire state.
With Steven Rosenberg, MD, PhD, chief of the Surgery Branch at the National Cancer Institute and a pioneer in the development of "immunotherapy" for cancer—stimulating the immune system to attack cancer—Barry co-authored his second book, "The Transformed Cell: Unlocking the Mysteries of Cancer", which was published in 12 languages.
Barry has written for "The New York Times", "The Wall Street Journal", "Time Magazine", "Fortune", "The Washington Post", "Esquire", and other publications and frequently appears as a guest commentator on every broadcast network in the U.S., including on NBC's "Meet the Press", ABC's "World News Tonight", PBS's "The News Hour", numerous NPR shows, and such foreign media as the BBC and Al Jazeera. Tulane University awarded him an honorary doctorate for his contribution to the recovery of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.

</doc>
<doc id="18698468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698468" title="Job Shattuck">
Job Shattuck

Job Shattuck (February 11, 1736 – January 13, 1819) was a British colonial soldier during the Seven Years' War and a member of the Massachusetts state militia during the American Revolutionary War. He first served with the British in the 1755 Battle of Fort Beauséjour. He was later active at the Siege of Boston in 1776 and then in preparing defenses at Mt. Independence and Ft. Ticonderoga later that year.
Following the cessation of the American Revolution Shattuck returned to Massachusetts where he was the largest landowner in the town of Groton. He was a key figure in the nation-defining 1786-87 farmer's revolt known as Shays' Rebellion, leading forces in direct action that shut down a state court in Concord. He was arrested in late 1786 on charges of treason, but was pardoned in 1787 by Governor John Hancock.
Early life in Groton and military service.
Shattuck was born in the rural central Massachusetts town of Groton in 1736, not long after the final Indian raids and skirmishes that had so often embattled the town during its early colonial period. His family occupied a large tract of land in the northwest corner of town, much of the acreage fronting the banks of the Nashua River. He would eventually become, through ultimogeniture, and his own purchases, the largest landowner in Groton with an estate of approximately 500 acres. At 19 Shattuck joined the provincial militia as a private in Captain Ephraim Jones' company and took part in the campaign involving the removal of thousands of French settlers in Nova Scotia in 1755.
Two decades would pass before he again donned a uniform, this time eschewing the royal red coat of the British private for the homespun utilitarian attire of the colonial militiaman. He responded to the Lexington Alarm, arriving too late to participate, continued on to Cambridge for several days and then returned to Groton where he served on a town committee to assist the Boston poor that had evacuated that city upon the British return. He was part of a company of men that went to Boston in the fall of 1775 for a six-week period to provide necessary backup as Washington put the Continental Army into place. He returned to Groton, but then went back to Boston to participate in the siege. That summer of 1776 he led Groton men to Mt. Independence and Ft. Ticonderoga as part of the northern defense, returning to Groton in December 1776. He was promoted to the rank of captain by the provincial congress in 1776 and was also elected town selectman of Groton on three occasions during the war.
The 1781 Groton Riots.
In October 1781, while serving as town selectman,Shattuck was one of eighteen men obstructing the tax collecting efforts of two constables on three separate occasions, a series of events called the "Groton Riots."
Shays' Rebellion.
Crippled by debt in the aftermath of the revolution, the state of Massachusetts levied upon its towns and citizens tax burdens higher than had been in place during British rule. Those who suddenly found themselves in arrears to the state quickly discovered that their land, livelihood and possibly even their freedom were at stake. Many who could not assuage their debts faced the unpleasant prospect of serving time in a debtors' prison. The high tax burden, combined with the demand that it be paid in specie and the high-handed control of the government by merchant interests, transformed rural resentment into a full-blown agrarian revolt. The rebellion was waged primarily by debt-ridden western farmers and landowners who banded together and captured shire town courthouses in Massachusetts, closing them to all proceedings. Violence was threatened and enacted against many officials who would not stand down. On a national scale, the rebellion was viewed with intense interest by citizens and public officials of all of the confederated former colonies because it "tested the precarious institutions of the new republic." To officials in Boston, Job Shattuck became, perhaps even more than Daniel Shays, the leader of the agrarians in the western part of the state, a leading firebrand and empathetic advocate of the soldier–farmer who had risked life, limb and land for the cause of the revolution only to return from the war to find injustice and foreclosure still looming.
Closure of the court at Concord.
On a rainy September day in 1786, Shattuck led a mob of roughly 200 men and forcibly closed session at the Middlesex County Courthouse in Concord. A similar raid upon the courthouse in Cambridge was planned by the Shaysites for November, however officials in Boston acted before this could occur by issuing a warrant for the immediate arrest of Shattuck and four other conspirators.
Arrest and reprisals.
Charged with treason and put on the state militia's most wanted list, on November 30, 1786 Shattuck was harried across the Groton countryside by over 100 men, slashed across the leg with a broadsword upon arrest, imprisoned, and convicted of treason the following May and promptly sentenced to hang. However, his prominence in the rebellion may have actually saved Shattuck from the gallows as John Hancock issued a pardon on his behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="18698480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698480" title="João Francisco de Sales">
João Francisco de Sales

Joáo Francisco de Sales or simply Sales (born June 9, 1986 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian striker, who plays for CA Linense.

</doc>
<doc id="18698482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698482" title="MRK1">
MRK1

Mark Foster, known as MRK1 (formerly Mark One), is a dubstep, grime and bass music producer, originally from Manchester, England. He is known especially for his work with the Virus Syndicate, including MCs Goldfinger and Nika D, which he produces and provides instrumental tracks for, and his fusion of both genres. 
MRK1 has been producing music for over last 10 years. He began making dnb and then progressed into Dubstep/Grime and more recently has seen him branch out into all genres of bass music. 
Along with the likes of Skream, Benga, Hatcha and Plastician he was one of the first producers to pioneer the dubstep sound and was responsible for some of its earliest releases.
MRK1 has an impressive back catalogue of music spanning over ten years seeing him have over 50 releases on labels such as Sony,Tempa, Soulja, Vehicle, Rephlex, Polydor, Wall of Sound, Texture, Techonic, Earwax, Contagious, Play Me, Dim Mak, Terra Rhythm, Ministry of Sound, and Defected.
In 2004 MRK1, Plastician and Slaughter Mob released an album called “Grime” on Aphex Twins label Rephlex Records. This was one of the key releases that propelled the dubstep/grime sound into media for the first time. Dubbed as one of the pinnacle moments in dubstep history, this album went on to spread the sound across the world to markets who had never previously heard the name dubstep. 
MRK1 has a been a prolific remixer over the last couple of years remixing artists such as Rebecca Ferguson, Marcus Collins, Pink Floyd, DMX, Chingy, Kelis, Drake, Bassnectar, Adam Freeland, Timberland, Connor Maynard and Neyo. 
MRK1 has traveled the world as a DJ and played at some of the biggest festivals in the world, including Glastonbury (UK), Ros Kilde (Denmark), Wilsonic (Solvenia), 10 Days Off (Gent), Sonar (Barcelona), Glade (UK), Cream (UK) etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18698492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698492" title="Steve Nash (rugby league)">
Steve Nash (rugby league)

Steve Nash (born ) is an English Rugby League World Cup winning footballer of the 1970s and '80s, and coach of the 1980s, playing at representative level for Great Britain, and England, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers and Salford, as a , and coaching at club level for Mansfield Marksman.
Playing career.
In 1971, while playing for Featherstone, Nash played his first match for the Great Britain Lions. The following year he played in the 1972 World Cup final against Australia which was drawn 10-all, enabling Great Britain to claim the Cup. Nash then helped Featherstone to victory in the 1972–73 Challenge Cup final, winning the Lance Todd Trophy for his man-of-the-match performance. He later moved to Salford, for a cash world-record £15,000 in 1975 (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £147,000 in 2009). He continued to represent Great Britain and narrowly missing out on a second World Cup victory in the 1977 Final which was lost to Australia 12-13. Nash won 24 Great Britain caps altogether and also played 7 games for the England team. In the first Test against Bob Fulton's Australia at Central Park, Wigan, in October, 1978 Britain lost 15-9 and Nash and his opposite number, Tommy Raudonikis, were sent off for fighting early in the second half. Nash was recalled to the Great Britain team as captain for the first Test against Australia at Hull in 1982. Australia won 40-4. He finished his career with Rochdale.
International honours.
Steve Nash won caps for England while at Featherstone Rovers in the 1975 Rugby League World Cup against Wales, New Zealand, and Australia, and in 1975 against Papua New Guinea, and while at Salford in 1978 against France, and Wales, and in 1981 against Wales (2 matches), and won caps for Great Britain while at Featherstone Rovers in 1971 against France, and New Zealand, in 1972 against France (2 matches), and in the 1972 Rugby League World Cup against Australia, France, New Zealand, and Australia, in 1973 against Australia (2 matches), in 1974 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand (3 matches), and while at Salford in the 1977 Rugby League World Cup against France, New Zealand, Australia (2 matches), in 1978 against Australia (3 matches), and in 1982 against Australia.
Steve Nash also played in Great Britain's 7-8 defeat to France in the friendly at Stadio Pierluigi Penzo, Venice on Saturday 31 July 1982.
Testimonial match.
Steve Nash's Testimonial match at Salford took place in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18698494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698494" title="Belgium Put the Kibosh on the Kaiser">
Belgium Put the Kibosh on the Kaiser

Belgium Put the Kibosh on the Kaiser was a popular British patriotic song of the First World War. It was first recorded on 6 October 1914 by Mark Sheridan. The song refers to the 1914 campaign in Belgium when the small British Expeditionary Force, along with an unexpectedly fierce Belgian defense, managed to delay the much larger German army, slowing them and wrecking the Schlieffen Plan which depended on total victory against the French to the west in a matter of weeks. By attacking Belgium, they had violated that nation's neutrality and brought the British Empire into the war because of a pledge to uphold Belgian independence. It was featured in the stage musical (1963) and musical film (1969) "Oh! What a Lovely War".
Lyrics.
A silly German sausage
Dreamt Napoleon he'd be,
Then he went and broke his promise,
It was made in Germany.
He shook hands with Britannia
And eternal peace he swore,
Naughty boy, he talked of peace
While he prepared for war.
He stirred up little Serbia
To serve his dirty tricks
But naughty nights at Liege
Quite upset this Dirty Dick.
His luggage labelled 'England'
And his programme nicely set,
He shouted 'First stop Paris',
But he hasn't got there yet.
For Belgium put the kibosh on the Kaiser;
Europe took the stick and made him sore;
On his throne it hurts to sit,
And when John Bull starts to hit,
He will never sit upon it any more.
His warships sailed upon the sea,
They looked a pretty sight
But when they heard the bulldog bark
They disappeared from sight.
The Kaiser said 'Be careful,
If by Jellicoe they're seen,
Then every man-of-war I've got
Will be a submarine'.
We chased his ship to Turkey, 
And the Kaiser startled stood, 
Schratch'd his head and said 'Don't hurt, 
You see I'm touching wood'; 
Then Turkey brought her warships 
Just to aid the German plot,
Be careful, Mr Turkey,
Or you'll do the Turkey Trot.
Belgium put the kibosh on the Kaiser;
Europe took the stick and made him sore;
And if Turkey makes a stand
She'll get gurkha'd and japanned,
And it won't be Hoch the Kaiser any more.
He'll have to go to school again
And learn his geography,
He quite forgot Britannia
And the hands across the sea,
Australia and Canada,
the Russian and the Jap,
And England looked so small
He couldn't see her on the map.
Whilst Ireland seemed unsettled,
'Ah' said he 'I'll settle John',
But he didn't know the Irish
Like he knew them later on.
Though the Kaiser stirred the lion,
Please excuse him for the crime,
His lunatic attendant
Wasn't with him at the time.
For Belgium put the kibosh on the Kaiser;
Europe took the stick and made him sore;
We shall shout with victory's joy,
Hold your hand out, naughty boy,
You must never play at soldiers any more.
For Belgium put the kibosh on the Kaiser;
Europe took the stick and made him sore;
On his throne it hurts to sit,
And when John Bull starts to hit,
He will never sit upon it any more.

</doc>
<doc id="18698515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698515" title="Ruslana discography">
Ruslana discography

This page includes full the discography of the Ukrainian artist Ruslana, including albums and singles, in both Ukrainian and English languages.
Ruslana's discography.
Soundtracks.
Soundtracks containing Ruslana songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18698518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698518" title="Lule–Vilela languages">
Lule–Vilela languages

The two Lule–Vilela languages constitute a small, distantly related language family of northern Argentina. Kaufman (1990) found the relationship likely and with general agreement among the major classifiers of South American languages. Viegas Barros published additional evidence 1996–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18698524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698524" title="Zebra chip">
Zebra chip

Zebra chip, also known as papa manchada and papa rayada, is the term for a disease in potatoes putatively caused by the bacterial pathogen "Candidatus Liberibacter" solanacearum, which is vectored by the 'potato psyllid'. [When fried, potato tubers from infected plants develop unsightly black lines resembling the stripes of zebras that render the chips unsellable.Additionally, striped sections of chips frequently burn and caramelize resulting in a bitter flavor. No health risks have been connected with consumption of infected potato chips.
Emergence.
Zebra chip was first identified in 1994 near Saltillo, Mexico and was originally named "papa manchada" ("stained potato"). In the early 1990s, Texas potato farms reported afflictions, though the disease was not identified in the state until 2000. Since then, Zebra chip has been reported in the U.S. states of Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Oregon, Kansas, Nebraska, and New Mexico. Since 2000, Guatemala reported a disease known as "papa rayada" ("striped potato"), which has been identified as Zebra chip. New Zealand's first suspected case of Zebra chip occurred in May 2008, when an Auckland greenhouse reported similar symptoms. In October 2012, the Australian Government reviewed the importation of potatoes from New Zealand because of the presence of the disease in the country. Eastern Europe and southern Russia may also be currently experiencing the disease.
Cause.
The cause of Zebra chip is currently unknown and is being investigated by several countries. An experiment carried out by scientists from the USDA Agricultural Research Service's Vegetable and Forage Crops Research Unit indicates that creating chips from infected raw potatoes increases the visibility of Zebra chip. The researchers correlated the presence of the tomato potato psyllid "Bactericera cockerelli", which infests both potatoes and tomatoes, to the presence of Zebra chip. One of the scientists also reported that targeting the suspected hosts, psyllids, with insect control measures proved effective at stopping the disease. Though early reports suggested the cause of Zebra chip might be a phytoplasma, namely "Candidatus Phytoplasma asteris", studies have not been able to consistently associate any phytoplasmas with the disease.
It is currently postulated that the potato psyllid acts as a vector for the disease's unknown pathogen, as it is the only organism consistently associated with Zebra chip. In 2008, New Zealand researchers investigating a "B. cockerelli" infestation in tomato and pepper greenhouses discovered a new bacterial species "Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum" whose genetic markers were found to be identical to those found at two potato farms in Texas. This bacterium is related to "Candidatus Liberibacter spp.", which cause citrus greening disease in citrus plants.
Signs.
Scientists suggest that Zebra chip's namesake sign is caused by the conversion of potato starch to water-soluble sugar, causing the stripes to appear upon cooking. Another study suggests that discoloration is due to enzymatic browning involving a polyphenol oxidase.
Many Zebra chip symptoms are evident before the potato is even harvested; foliar signs include chlorosis, leaf scorching, swollen nodes, vascular tissue browning, and curled leaves. Subterranean signs include collapsed stolons, enlarged lenticels, vascular tissue browning, medullary ray discoloration, and necrotic flecking of tuber tissue. The University of Nebraska cites the subterranean signs as the unique identification of Zebra chip from all other known potato diseases. Zebra chip has been noted among potato disease experts as being unusually complex, and possibly the product of two separate pathogens, as has been discovered before for basses richesses (SBR) and spraing.
Economic impact.
Much of the economic impact of Zebra chip stems not from edibility issues, but cosmetic ones; while not deemed hazardous to one's health, infected potatoes are visually unappealing and will not be purchased by processing companies. From this refusal stems most of the other costs, including lost wages from processing fewer potatoes.
New Zealand.
After the initial June 2008 discovery of the new species of "Candidatus Liberibacter solanacearum", fourteen countries implemented bans on various New Zealand crops and New Zealand withdrew export certification for tomatoes and capsicums as a precautionary measure. New Zealand's export certification has since been reinstated and some countries have indicated they will accept fruit again. Fiji stopped imports from New Zealand of potatoes, tomatoes, and capsicum but ended the bans in July 2008. While French Polynesia did not ban any crops immediately, its restrictions were deemed unreasonable by New Zealand and all potato and capsicum exports to French Polynesia were halted. Having previously blocked imports of potatoes, Australia expanded that ban to include capsicum, tomatoes, cape gooseberries, tomarillos, and five other crops.
Though it may be too early to estimate the economic impact of these bans, New Zealand's tomato and capsicum exports combined earn the nation over NZ$41 million (about US$30 million, August 2008) annually.
Texas, United States.
Some farms in Texas have reported losses exceeding US$2 million in both 2005 and 2006, with approximately 35-40% of Texas potato farm acreage affected. Using IMPLAN, a macroeconomic impact model based upon average annual potato production in the state from 2003 to 2005, the total estimated lost product amounted to 38% of all potato production totaling $25.86 million. The economic impact reached beyond just the crop, however, resulting in estimates of total business losses of $125 million and total job losses of 970. The Center for North American Studies' report also predicted that if the disease is not stopped soon, south Texas could lose all of its potato crop and abandon farming of potatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="18698540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698540" title="Beteckna">
Beteckna

Beteckna is a sans-serif typeface created by Johan Mattson, and released under the GPL. It features Normal, Bold, Italic, Bold Italic and Small Caps weights. It is inspired by Paul Renner's popular Futura typeface, but bears some obvious dissimilarities, most noticeably in the terminals of some of the bold-weights letters which are more angular and pointed than Futura. Beteckna also has shorter ascenders. It is available for download from the Open Font Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18698543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698543" title="Luis Carlos dos Santos Martins">
Luis Carlos dos Santos Martins

Luis Carlos dos Santos Martins, or simply Maranhão (born June 19, 1984 in São Luís, Maranhão), is a Brazilian striker. He currently plays for Kuwaiti club Al-Qadisiyah FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18698559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698559" title="Journal of the Military Operations Research Society of Korea">
Journal of the Military Operations Research Society of Korea

The Journal of the Military Operations Research Society of Korea is a peer-reviewed academic journal run by the Military Operations Research Society in South Korea. It features both English and Korean articles in the areas of Military strategy, Operations research, Political economy, and Case analyses. Founded in 1975, it is one of the oldest and one of the most-cited academic journals in South Korea, and is considered to be highly influential in rendering public policy decisions. 

</doc>
<doc id="18698581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698581" title="Hiten Paintal">
Hiten Paintal

Hiten Paintal (born 19 December) is an Indian film and television actor. He is the son of veteran actor Kanwarjit Paintal and made his debut in the musical "Tere Liye". He quit television in early 2008 and since then has been working on a few films. Currently he is also working on an Indian British comedy film set for release in 2012.
Filmography.
TV Shows.
"Episodics"

</doc>
<doc id="18698592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698592" title="Haloform reaction">
Haloform reaction

The haloform reaction is a chemical reaction where a haloform (CHX3, where X is a halogen) is produced by the exhaustive halogenation of a methyl ketone (a molecule containing the R–CO–CH3 group) in the presence of a base. R may be , alkyl or aryl. The reaction can be used to produce chloroform (CHCl3), bromoform (CHBr3), or iodoform (CHI3).
Scope.
Substrates that successfully undergo the haloform reaction are methyl ketones and secondary alcohols oxidizable to methyl ketones, such as isopropanol. The only primary alcohol and aldehyde to undergo this reaction are ethanol and ethanal, respectively. 1,3-Diketones such as acetylacetone also give the haloform reaction. β-ketoacids such as acetoacetic acid will also give the test upon heating. The halogen used may be chlorine, bromine, or iodine. Fluoroform (CHF3) cannot be prepared from a methyl ketone by the haloform reaction due to the instability of hypofluorite, but compounds of the type RCOCF3 do cleave with base to produce fluoroform; this is equivalent to the second and third steps in the process shown above.
Mechanism.
In the first step, the halogen disproportionates in the presence of hydroxide to give the halide and hypohalite:
If a secondary alcohol is present, it is oxidized to a ketone by the hypohalite (hydroxide depicted below should be hypohalite and the water≡H2O should be hypohalic acid≡HXO):
If a methyl ketone is present, it reacts with the hypohalite in a three-step process:
The detailed reaction mechanism is as follows:
Under basic conditions, the ketone undergoes keto-enol tautomerization. The enolate undergoes electrophilic attack by the hypohalite (containing a halogen with a formal +1 charge). When the α position has been exhaustively halogenated, the molecule undergoes a nucleophilic acyl substitution by hydroxide, with −CX3 being the leaving group stabilized by three electron-withdrawing groups. The −CX3 anion abstracts a proton from either the solvent or the carboxylic acid formed in the previous step, and forms the haloform.
Uses.
This reaction was traditionally used to determine the presence of a methyl ketone, or a secondary alcohol oxidizable to a methyl ketone through the iodoform test. Nowadays, spectroscopic techniques such as NMR and infrared are easy and quick to perform instead of qualitative tests.
It was formerly used to produce iodoform, bromoform, and even chloroform industrially.
In organic chemistry, this reaction may be used to convert a terminal methyl ketone into the appropriate carboxylic acid.
Iodoform test.
When iodine and sodium hydroxide are used as the reagents, a positive reaction gives iodoform. Iodoform (CHI3) is a pale-yellow substance. Due to its high molar mass caused by the three iodine atoms, it is solid at room temperature (cf. chloroform and bromoform). It is insoluble in water and has an antiseptic smell. A visible precipitate of this compound will form from a sample only when either a methyl ketone, ethanal, ethanol, or a methyl secondary alcohol is present.
History.
The haloform reaction is one of the oldest organic reactions known. In 1822, Serullas added potassium metal to a solution of iodine in ethanol and water to form potassium formate and iodoform, called in the language of that time "hydroiodide of carbon". In 1831, Justus von Liebig reported the reaction of chloral with calcium hydroxide to form chloroform and calcium formate. The reaction was rediscovered by Adolf Lieben in 1870. The iodoform test is also called the Lieben haloform reaction. A review of the Haloform reaction with a history section was published in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="18698597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698597" title="Open Font Library">
Open Font Library

Open Font Library (OFLB) is a project devoted to the hosting and encouraged creation of fonts released under Free Licenses. It is a sister project to Open Clip Art Library and hosts over one hundred fonts, which are encouraged to be downloaded, remixed and shared—all for free. Originally created as an initiative in 2006, the project relaunched on May 12, 2011 at the Libre Graphics Meeting 2011 in Montreal by Fabricatorz developer Christopher Adams. 
Open Font Library recommends designers use the SIL Open Font License (OFL). (Although since both share the same initials, Open Font Library uses the acronym, "OFLB.") 
The site was started with a deployment of ccHost version 4, and in 2008 Dave Crossland made a funding campaign that raised over US$10,000 from Mozilla, Prince XML, River Valley and TUG to transition to ccHost 5 with a new brand to promote web font linking. However, the work done with the funds was not published until 2010 at the 2010 Libre Graphics Meeting in Brussels.
The project's members meet annually at the Libre Graphics Meeting. In 2011, work supported by Dave Crossland, Christopher Adams, Fabricatorz and other community members got a major release at the LGM in Montreal. Fabricatorz built the project on the Aiki Framework and managed deveopment via Launchpad.
In April 2012, Fabricatorz released an update to Open Font Library that includes an interactive font catalogue preview feature, HTML and CSS code implementation, and a new design by Manufactura Independente.

</doc>
<doc id="18698613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698613" title="Honey Harlow">
Honey Harlow

Honey Harlow Bruce Friedman (15 August 1927 – 12 September 2005) was a stripper and showgirl best remembered as the wife of stand-up comedian Lenny Bruce.
Biography.
She was born as Harriett Jolliff in Manila, Arkansas on August 15, 1927. She was raised in Detroit, Michigan. While still in her teens, she ran away from home and ended up dancing topless. She was convicted, along with several friends, of stealing cars and attempting to rob a candy machine, and spent more than a year in prison. After her release from prison she worked as a stripper under the name "Hot Honey Harlow."
On June 15, 1951, she married comedian Lenny Bruce. They divorced on January 21, 1957, after having a daughter, Kitty. The two fought a custody battle over their daughter.
Harlow successfully lobbied New York Governor George Pataki to posthumously pardon Bruce for the obscenity conviction resulting from his performance and arrest at the Cafe Au Go Go in Greenwich Village in 1964.
She married Jeffrey Friedman in 1984.
She died on September 12, 2005, in Honolulu.

</doc>
<doc id="18698634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698634" title="Flatland (disambiguation)">
Flatland (disambiguation)

Flatland is an 1884 novella by Edwin Abbott.
Flatland may also refer to:
Flatlands may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18698642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698642" title="Calvin Marshall">
Calvin Marshall

Calvin Marshall is a 2009 coming of age-comedy film written and directed by Gary Lundgren and starring Alex Frost as the title character, a determined but talentless college baseball player, and Steve Zahn as his coach. After two years of raising funds, the film was shot in and around Ashland and Medford, Oregon in November–December 2007, and was released in 2009.
Plot.
Calvin Marshall is a charismatic student at Bayford City College. When he tries out for the baseball team for the third straight year, ex-minor leaguer Coach Little is exasperated by Calvin's persistence despite his lack of baseball skills. Determined to make the team, Calvin wins Little over with pure heart and love of the game. While rehabbing during an injury, Calvin announces games for the Lady Bisons volleyball team and is entranced by their star, Tori. Preoccupied with caring for her sick mother and more interested with meaningless flings, Tori is unsure what to make of Calvin's advances.
Production.
Production company Broken Sky Films was started by Gary Lundgren, Anne Lundgren, Michael Matondi, and Mark Cunningham in 2000, and its first production was Gary Lundgren's short film "Wow and Flutter". Cunningham had planned to fund "Calvin Marshall", but did not have the money to create the company's first full-length feature film. They hired a casting director, Christine Sheaks, who successfully sought out Steve Zahn for the part of Coach Little. Over the two years it took to raise enough money, a number of financiers pulled out but Zahn's promised participation attracted further sponsorship.
"Calvin Marshall" underwent filming on November 11, 2007 in Ashland, Oregon. Line producer Gary Kout says that Ashland was chosen as a filming location because "the setting of the film fictitious and Ashland has a timeless feel to it and creates a beautiful backdrop." The Lady Bisons volleyball scenes were filmed at Southern Oregon University's McNeal Pavilion and gymnasium, with around 200 extras standing in as supporters in the stands. North Mountain Park's softball fields were used for several of the scenes in the film. Other locations included city streets and local homes in Ashland, the Whiskey River Cafe and Lounge in Central Point and the Rogue Valley Family Fun Center in Central Point; between US$400,000 and $500,000 was spent on filming permits for public places. Production moved to Medford, Oregon where locations included the Harry and David Baseball Park. Principal photography concluded on December 15, 2007.
Release.
"Calvin Marshall" premiered at the Austin Film Festival in October 2009.
Awards.
David Raines, Mark Server, and Kent Romney were nominated for "Outstanding Achievement in Sound Mixing, DVD Original Programming" for "Calvin Marshall" at the Cinema Audio Society Awards in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18698648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698648" title="MINUIT">
MINUIT

MINUIT, now MINUIT2, is a numerical minimization computer program originally written in the FORTRAN programming language by CERN staff physicist Fred James in the 1970s. The program searches for minima in a user-defined function with respect to one or more parameters using several different methods as specified by the user. The original FORTRAN code was later ported to C++ by the ROOT project; both the FORTRAN and C++ versions are in use . The program is very widely used in particle physics, and hundreds of published papers cite use of MINUIT. In the early 2000s Fred James started a project to implement MINUIT in C++ using object-oriented programming. The new MINUIT is an optional package (minuit2) in the ROOT release. the latest version is 5.20, released on 25 June 2008. There is also a Java port as well as several Python ports.
MINUIT is not a program that can be distributed as an executable binary to be run by a relatively unskilled user: the user must write and compile a subroutine defining the function to be optimized, and oversee the optimization process.

</doc>
<doc id="18698650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698650" title="Observer effect (information technology)">
Observer effect (information technology)

In information technology, the observer effect is the potential impact of the act of observing a process output while the process is running. For example: if a process uses a log file to record its progress, the process could slow. Furthermore, the act of viewing the file while the process is running could cause an I/O error in the process, which could, in turn, cause it to stop.
Another example would be observing the performance of a CPU by running both the observed and observing programs on the same CPU, which will lead to inaccurate results because the observer program itself affects the CPU performance (modern, heavily cached and pipelined CPUs are particularly affected by this kind of observation).
Observing (or rather, "debugging") a running program by modifying its source code (such as adding extra output or generating log files) or by running it in a debugger may sometimes cause certain bugs to diminish or change their behavior, creating extra difficulty for the person trying to isolate the bug (see Heisenbug).

</doc>
<doc id="18698657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698657" title="Open Dialect">
Open Dialect

Open Dialect is an open source Flash IDE based on Adobe Flex and distributed under the GPL. Its goals are to allow system dynamics modelers to create and publish online interfaces to their work.
Open Dialect allows for the creation of adobe AIR executables as well as Flash 9 swfs. Open Dialect is written in C# using the .NET Framework and has been ported via Mono and GTK+ to Linux and partially Mac OS X.
Supported platforms.
The latest version of Open Dialect, version 0.6.0 supports Windows (no extra effort), Linux (tiny bit of effort) and OSX (must compile from source).

</doc>
<doc id="18698687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698687" title="Observer effect (physics)">
Observer effect (physics)

In science, the term observer effect refers to changes that the act of observation will make on a phenomenon being observed. This is often the result of instruments that, by necessity, alter the state of what they measure in some manner. A commonplace example is checking the pressure in an automobile tire; this is difficult to do without letting out some of the air, thus changing the pressure. This effect can be observed in many domains of physics.
The observer effect on a physical process can often be reduced to insignificance by using better instruments or observation techniques.
Historically, the observer effect has been confused with the uncertainty principle.
Particle physics.
For an electron to become detectable, a photon must first interact with it, and this interaction will change the path of that electron. It is also possible for other, less direct means of measurement to affect the electron.
Electronics.
In electronics, ammeters and voltmeters are usually wired in series or parallel to the circuit, and so by their very presence affect the current or the voltage they are measuring by way of presenting an additional real or complex load to the circuit, thus changing the transfer function and behaviour of the circuit itself. Even a more passive device such as a current clamp, which measures the wire current without coming into physical contact with the wire, affects the current through the circuit being measured because the inductance is mutual.
Thermodynamics.
In thermodynamics, a standard mercury-in-glass thermometer must absorb or give up some thermal energy to record a temperature, and therefore changes the temperature of the body which it is measuring.
Quantum mechanics.
The theoretical foundation of the concept of measurement in quantum mechanics is a contentious issue deeply connected to the many interpretations of quantum mechanics. A key topic is that of wave function collapse, for which some interpretations assert that measurement causes a discontinuous change into an eigenstate of the operator associated with the quantity that was measured. More explicitly, the superposition principle (ψ = Σanψn) of quantum physics says that for a wave function ψ, a measurement will give a state of the quantum system of one of the m possible eigenvalues fn, n=1,2...m, of the operator formula_1 which is part of the eigenfunctions ψn, n=1,2...n. Once we have measured the system, we know its current state and this stops it from being in one of its other states. This means that the type of measurement that we do on the system affects the end state of the system. An experimentally studied situation related to this is the quantum Zeno effect, in which a quantum state would decay if left alone but does not decay because of its continuous observation. The dynamics of a quantum system under continuous observation is described by a quantum stochastic master equation known as the Belavkin equation.
An important aspect of the concept of measurement has been clarified in some QM experiments where a small, complex, and non-sentient sensor proved sufficient as an "observer"—there is no need for a conscious "observer".
A consequence of Bell's theorem is that measurement on one of two entangled particles can appear to have a nonlocal effect on the opposite particle. Additional problems related to decoherence arise when the observer too is modeled as a quantum system.
The uncertainty principle has been frequently confused with the observer effect, evidently even by its originator, Werner Heisenberg. The uncertainty principle in its standard form actually describes how precisely we may measure the position and momentum of a particle at the same time — if we increase the precision in measuring one quantity, we are forced to lose precision in measuring the other.
An alternative version of the uncertainty principle, more in the spirit of an observer effect, fully accounts for the disturbance the observer has on a system and the error incurred, although this is not how the term "uncertainty principle" is most commonly used in practice.
n is called the collapse of the wave function and occurs when the measurement takes place. This collapse of the wave function is not explainable using the Copenhagen interpretation. Other explanations on why the wave function collapses have been developed such as the hidden variable theory.
The many-worlds interpretation posits the existence of multiple universes in which an observed system displays all possible states to all possible observers. In this model, observation of a system does not change the behavior of the system—it simply answers the question of which universe the observer is located in. In some universes, the observer would observe one result from one state of the system, and in others the observer would observe a different result from a different state of the system.-->

</doc>
<doc id="18698716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698716" title="1927 Chatham Cup">
1927 Chatham Cup

The 1927 Chatham Cup was the fifth annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with five regional associations (Auckland, Wellington, Manawatu, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Ponsonby (who defeated Auckland Thistle in the Auckland regional final), St. Andrews (Manawatu), Northern (Dunedin), Nomads (Christchurch), and Wellington Marist (who defeated YMCA in the Wellington regional final).
The 1927 final.
The final was played at Newtown Park, Wellington - the second of three finals to be held at that venue. In 1928 the final moved to the Basin Reserve, a venue which was used regularly until the 1970s; Newtown Park was not to host the final again until 1989.
In the final, which was noted by contemporary sources as being a dour match, Ponsonby made good use of a stiff Wellington wind in the first half, with goals from Gerry Hunter, Bob Innes, and J. Adshead. In the second half, the wind favoured Northern, who pulled two goals back through A. McDowell and A. McTavish. Northern pressed for the equaliser, spending long periods close to Ponsonby's goalmouth, but the Auckland side's defence held and the survived to win 3-2.

</doc>
<doc id="18698736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698736" title="Colton Haynes">
Colton Haynes

Colton Lee Haynes (born July 13, 1988) is an American actor and model. At the age of fifteen, Haynes began modeling for Abercrombie & Fitch while living in New York City, New York. After moving to Los Angeles, California, he began acting in television. He is best known for his roles as Jackson Whittemore in MTV's supernatural drama series "Teen Wolf" and Roy Harper in the superhero television series "Arrow".
Early life and education.
Colton Lee Haynes was born on July 13, 1988, in Wichita, Kansas, the son of William Clayton Haynes and Dana Denise Mitchell. He has described his parents as "free-spirited hippies". Haynes has five siblings, including a brother, Clinton. One of his paternal great-great-great-grandmothers, Sarah Ann Ward, was of documented part Cherokee Native American descent; his father's other ancestry was English, Scottish, and Scots-Irish. Haynes grew up on a farm in Andale, and has also lived in Arkansas, New Mexico, Texas, and Florida. He attended Navarre High School (Florida), Andale High School (Kansas) and graduated from Samuel Clemens High School in Schertz, Texas.
Career.
Modeling career.
Haynes began his career as a model at the age of fifteen in New York City, New York. Haynes first began his success after appearing in a Bruce Weber photoshoot for Abercrombie & Fitch. He also appeared in a photo shoot for gay-oriented magazine "XY" in 2006. Afterward, Haynes began modeling in campaigns for Kira Plastinina, J. C. Penney, and Ralph Lauren. In 2008, Haynes continued modeling in campaigns such as Verizon and also appeared in numerous magazine editorials such as "Teen Vogue" and "Arena".
Acting career.
He made an uncredited appearance in the 2007 blockbuster "Transformers". He also made a guest appearance on "", where he portrayed Brandon Fox, a young man who fails to commit suicide after being in a massive debt. He made a cameo appearance as a model in two episodes of "The Hills". In addition to guest roles, Haynes also acted in My Chemical Romance's music video for their single "I Don't Love You", directed by Marc Webb. In the second half of 2007, Haynes auditioned for the role of Edward Cullen in the film version of Stephenie Meyer's young adult novel, "Twilight". Robert Pattinson was cast instead.
In 2008, he guest appeared as Alexander on the television series, "Privileged", and also appeared as Ares Kostopolous on the television series, "Pushing Daisies". He won the role of Scott Holland in the Hallmark Channel film, "Always and Forever". Filming began in December 2008, and the film was released to television on October 24, 2009. He unsuccessfully auditioned for the role of Royce Du Lac in the Nickelodeon film, "Spectacular!".
It was announced in 2009 that Haynes had won the role of Shane in the Showtime series "", based on the 2007 film of the same name. "I play a 17-year-old asshole. The show is very racy with lots of nudity, sex, drugs and real life experiences that will shock audiences," Haynes said in an interview. Filming began in the summer of 2009 and the show premiered in 2010 and was cancelled after its first season. In March 2010, filming began for the ABC television series, "The Gates", in which Haynes portrays Brett Crezski, a jock who begins to turn into a werewolf. The series premiered on June 20, 2010. The show was short-lived and was cancelled after its first season. Afterwards he landed the role of Jackson Whittemore in the MTV series, "Teen Wolf", based on the 1985 film of the same name, which is currently his best known acting role to date.
On October 11, 2012, Haynes tweeted "These past few years have been the best of my life. I'm sad that this chapter has ended, but excited for a new one to begin. Thx for the love" leaving fans of "Teen Wolf" (and of his character Jackson Whittemore) confused. The next day it was announced that he would be leaving the show. He is now a recurring member on the hit CW show "Arrow", playing Roy Harper, who was the Green Arrow's sidekick Speedy (Red Arrow/Arsenal) in the comics. Haynes was upgraded to series regular status on "Arrow" for season two.
In popular culture.
Haynes appeared on the cover of "Hero" in the magazine's #6 issue for Winter 2011/Spring 2012.
In April 2007, Haynes appeared in My Chemical Romance's music video for "I Don't Love You", portraying the man in black who falls in love with the woman in white. In September 2012, he was the lead in Leona Lewis's music video "Trouble", where he played the part of her boyfriend. In July 2013, he starred in Victoria Justice's music video "Gold".
In 2013, Haynes released some snippets to various covers of songs he had done. Colton started to further his career by singing, something he has loved to do since he was little. In November, he covered a song called "19 You+Me" with New Heights. In December 2013, he released a single with fellow singer Travis-Atreo called "Baby It's Christmas".

</doc>
<doc id="18698769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698769" title="Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building">
Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building

The Heinsbergen Decorating Company Building, also known as the AT Heinsbergen & Company Building, is a historic building on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Architecture.
The castle-like building was built in 1928 for noted muralist Anthony Heinsbergen (1894-1981), and designed by Curlett & Beelman in a Late Gothic Revival and Romanesque style. The building's notable features include the prominent cylindrical tower, a Renaissance-style mural in the tower arch, and the detailed friezes displaying artisans at work. At least 11 buildings designed by architect Claud Beelman have been listed on the National Register. The building was constructed while Heinsbergen was employed to create murals for Los Angeles City Hall, and he had his building on Beverly Boulevard built using bricks from the old city hall.
History.
The building served as the office for Heinsbergen's mural-painting business for more than 50 years. Heinsbergen's company, called Heinsbergen Decorating Company or A.T. Heinsbergen & Company, employed 185 artist painters, and created murals for movie palaces and many important buildings, including the U.S. Department of Commerce Building in Washington, D.C. and the Sir Francis Drake Hotel in San Francisco. In Los Angeles, Heinsbergen's murals can still be seen at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, the Beverly-Wilshire Hotel, Los Angeles City Hall, the Wiltern Theatre, the ceiling of El Portal de La Paz Mausoleum at Rose Hills Memorial Park in Whittier and the Park Plaza Hotel. 
After Heinsbergen died, his children continued to operate the business at the Beverly Boulevard building, in many cases working to restore murals that their father had designed decades earlier.
The Heinsbergen Building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The building was later converted to retail space and was occupied by "Lloyd Klein Couture", the West Coast store for New York fashion designer Lloyd Klein. Klein's customers include Nicole Kidman, Renée Zellweger, Gwen Stefani and Kate Beckinsale. Though Klein's name was prominently featured on the building, the name "Heinsbergen Decorating" is still seen above the door at the base of the tower.
After 12 years at the Beverly Hills location on Robertson, the "Claire Pettibone Flagship Salon" has moved and now occupies the Heinsbergen Building and is officially open as of July 10, 2013. Claire Pettibone is an American fashion designer based in Los Angeles. She is prominently known for her couture wedding gowns, intimate apparel, and lifestyle collection. Pettibone began designing wedding and red carpet gowns for clients including Cameron Diaz, Courteney Cox Arquette, Leona Lewis, Elisabeth Moss and Missi Pyle. Most recently, in 2012, the designer's "Sky Between the Branches" gown was worn by Priscilla Chan in her wedding to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.

</doc>
<doc id="18698775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698775" title="Bubb Rubb">
Bubb Rubb

Bubb Rubb is an Internet phenomenon started by a television broadcast on KRON-TV in San Francisco. "Bubb Rubb" is also the nickname of Lynell Griffin, the subject of the fad.
History.
In 2003, KRON broadcast a story about whistle tips, devices welded into a car's tailpipe to cause a loud whistle as the exhaust gas passes through. Residents of Oakland were upset because of the disturbance caused by the constant whistling. Besides interviewing those who were upset by the whistle tips, the news station also interviewed fans of the modification; including a man identifying himself as "Bubb Rubb." During the interview, he said "The whistles go wooo-wooo!". This quotation led to the interview's fame on the Internet. At the end of the interview, Bubb Rubb wanted to demonstrate what his newly installed automotive modification sounded like. His girlfriend, "Li'l Sis" drove, with Rubb hanging out of the passenger-side window, and floored the accelerator in front of the camera. Li'l Sis temporarily lost control of the vehicle, nearly hitting parked cars and running a stop sign.
Internet meme.
The KRON broadcast was captured on digital video and posted on the Internet. The Bubb Rubb phenomenon was first propagated online by many car enthusiast forums. Several remixes were made of the broadcast which depicted Bubb Rubb dancing and rapping to his famous phrase. Li'l Sis's defense of the whistle tips, that they were "just for decoration," also earned fame. Several YTMNDs were made, mainly classic-style captures of clips from the interview, to celebrate the quotations.
In 2007, the phenomenon was revived on YTMND, following several high-quality parodies, which in turn led to more spinoffs and remixes. One recent parody, "Zelda: The Bubb Rubb of Time," is now the 4th highest rated YTMND ever. He appeared in a Web Redemption on the July 3, 2012 episode of Tosh.0.

</doc>
<doc id="18698799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698799" title="HTC Dream">
HTC Dream

The HTC Dream (also known as the T-Mobile G1 in the United States and parts of Europe, and as the Era G1 in Poland) is a smartphone developed by HTC. First released in October 2008, the Dream was the first commercially released device to use the Linux-based Android operating system, which was purchased and further developed by Google and the Open Handset Alliance to create an open competitor to other major smartphone platforms of the time, such as Symbian operating system, BlackBerry OS, and the iOS. The operating system offers a customizable graphical user interface, integration with Google services such as Gmail, a notification system that shows a list of recent messages pushed from apps, and Android Market for downloading additional apps.
The Dream was released to mixed, but mostly positive reception. While the Dream was praised for its solid and robust hardware design, the introduction of the Android operating system was met with criticism for its lack of certain functionality and third-party software in comparison to more established platforms, but was still considered to be innovative due to its open nature, notifications system, and heavy integration with Google's services.
History.
Development.
In July 2005, Google acquired Android Inc., a company led by Andy Rubin which was working on unspecified software for mobile devices. Under the leadership of Google, the team was in the process of developing a standardized, Linux-based operating system for mobile phones to compete against the likes of Symbian and Windows Mobile, which would be offered for use by individual original equipment manufacturers. Initial development of what would become Android was targeted towards a prototype device codenamed "Sooner"; the device was a messaging phone in the style of BlackBerry, with a small, non-touch screen, navigation keys, and a physical QWERTY keyboard. The January 2007 unveiling of the iPhone, Apple's first smartphone, caught Rubin off-guard and led to a change in course for the project. The operating system's design was quickly reworked, and attention shifted to a new prototype device codenamed "Dream"—a touchscreen device with a sliding, physical keyboard. The inclusion of a physical keyboard was intentional, as Android developers believed users did not like the idea of a virtual keyboard because it lacked the same kind of physical feedback as a hardware keyboard.
The Android operating system was officially unveiled in November 2007 along with the founding of the Open Handset Alliance (OHA); a consortium of hardware, software, and telecommunication companies devoted to advancing open standards for mobile devices. These companies included Google, along with HTC, a company who was at the time, one of the largest manufacturers of phones. While Google indicated in 2008 that several Android based devices were being tested in preparation for the official public launch of Android, only one was to be released in the United States that year—the HTC Dream. Plans called for the Dream to be released on T-Mobile USA by the end of the year (with some reports suggesting October 2008), targeting the holiday shopping season. Sprint had worked with the OHA, but had not yet unveiled any plans to release an Android phone of its own, while Verizon Wireless and AT&T did not have any plans for Android devices yet at all.
Release.
HTC officially announced the Dream on September 23, 2008. It would first be first released by T-Mobile as the T-Mobile G1, starting in the United States. on October 22, 2008 in its 3G-enabled markets only (it became available in all markets on January 24, 2009), followed by a British release in November 2008, and a release in other European territories in early 2009. On March 10, 2009, it became available in Poland as the Era G1 on Era. On June 2, 2009, both the Dream and its successor (the HTC Magic) were released by Rogers Wireless in Canada.
The Dream was discontinued by T-Mobile on July 27, 2010. The G1 was spiritually succeeded in October 2010 by the T-Mobile G2, a new HTC device which also featured stock Android and a sliding keyboard, and was T-Mobile USA's first "4G" smartphone. In Canada, Rogers suspended sales of the Dream on January 15, 2010 due to a bug affecting the proper use of emergency calls.
Features.
Hardware.
The Dream's exterior uses a soft, matte plastic shell, and was made available in white, black, and bronze colors. The Dream's design features a distinctive "chin" on the bottom, which houses 5 navigation buttons ("Call", "Home", "Menu", "Back", and "End Call") and a clickable trackball in the center which can be used for scrolling and selecting. The device uses a capacitive touchscreen LCD display at a resolution of 320×480; the screen can be slid along a curved hinge to expose a five-row QWERTY keyboard—as the first releases of Android did not include a virtual keyboard, the keyboard was originally the only method of text input on the device. While supporting multitouch at the hardware level, the Linux kernel in the Dream's Android distribution was patched to remove multitouch support from its touchscreen drivers for undisclosed reasons. The Dream does not include a traditional headphone jack, requiring an adapter for HTC's proprietary (but Mini-USB compatible) "ExtUSB" port located on the bottom of the device. The rear of the device houses a 3.15-megapixel rear camera with auto-focus.
The Dream uses a 528 MHz Qualcomm MSM7201A system on a chip with 192 MB of RAM, and comes with 256 MB of internal storage, which can be expanded by up to 16 GB using a Micro SD card slot. For network connectivity, the Dream supports Quad-band GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz and GPRS/EDGE, plus Dual band UMTS Bands I and IV (1700 & 2100 MHz) and HSDPA/HSUPA (in US/Europe) at 7.2/2 Mbit/s. The device also supports standalone GPS and A-GPS.
Software.
The HTC Dream was the first ever smartphone to ship with the Android operating system. The operating system heavily integrates with, and provides apps for various Google services, such as Gmail (with push email support), Maps, Search, Talk, and YouTube, while the contacts and calendar apps can sync with the online Google Contacts and Google Calendar services respectively. The device also ships with an email app supporting other POP3 and IMAP-based mail services, an instant messaging app with support for multiple services, and a WebKit-based web browser. A notification system displays icons for certain events (such as e-mails and text messages) on the left side of the status bar across the top of the screen; dragging down from the top of the screen exposes a tray with more detailed information for each notification. The Android Market can be used to download additional apps for the device. The G1 as sold by T-Mobile also shipped with an Amazon MP3 app, allowing users to purchase DRM-free music online, and download them straight to the device via Wi-Fi.
The Dream could also be upgraded to newer versions of Android, which added new features and enhancements to the platform. The latest version of Android officially made available for the Dream, 1.6 "Donut", was released for T-Mobile USA's G1 in October 2009. The 1.6 update was not released on the Rogers HTC Dream in Canada (which stayed on 1.5 "Cupcake"); Rogers claimed that the update was only being made available for "'Google'-branded" models of the device.
Development and modding.
Due to the open source nature of the Android platform, the Dream became a popular target for modding. Shortly after the release of the Dream, developers discovered a software exploit (in a parallel to "jailbreaking" on iOS devices) to allow a user to gain superuser access to the phone (a process known as "rooting"); root access would enable users to perform tweaks and other changes at the system level that cannot be performed under normal circumstances (such as adding auto-rotation, and installing a custom kernel that restored the aforementioned multitouch support). After the Dream's bootloader was dumped, work began on modifying it so that it could install third-party firmware, and on converting official Android update files into a format that could be installed using the modified bootloader. Around the same time, Google made the Android Dev Phone 1 available for registered Android developers; the Dev Phone 1 was a SIM- and hardware-unlocked version of the HTC Dream that came pre-configured for superuser access to the internal files of the phone, and also allows changing and re-flashing the bootloader and operating system.
As a result of these developments, a dedicated community, centered around forums such as XDA Developers, emerged surrounding the creation of custom firmware ("ROMs") built from the Android source code. Projects such as CyanogenMod continued to produce ports of newer versions of Android for the Dream and later Android devices, and added their own features and enhancements to the operating system as well.
On later Android devices, where a number of factors (including carrier practices, and custom software provided by device manufacturers that sit atop Android, such as HTC Sense and Samsung TouchWiz) led to fragmentation regarding the availability of newer versions of the OS for certain devices, the development and use of custom ROMs (which are usually based off the "stock" version of Android) have ultimately become an important, yet controversial aspect of the Android ecosystem. In August 2012, a group of users released an unofficial port of a later version of Android, 4.1 "Jelly Bean", for the Dream as a proof of concept. However, the port lacked key functionality, and had severe performance issues due to the phone's relatively weak hardware in comparison to the modern devices that 4.1 was designed for.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The Dream was released to mixed reviews. The design of the Dream was considered to be solid and robust; Joshua Topolsky of Engadget considered its hardware design a contrast to that of the iPhone, due to its numerous navigation buttons (in comparison to just a home button) and its "charming, retro-future look; like a gadget in a 1970's sci-fi movie set in the year 2038." The Dream's keyboard, as the only method of text input prior to Android 1.5's introduction of a virtual keyboard, was considered to be sufficient, although some felt that its keys were too small. Its display was considered sufficient for a phone of its class, but John Brandon of TechRadar felt that it was not good enough for watching videos due to its poor contrast and small size in comparison to the iPhone. Android itself was considered to still be in its infancy (primarily due to its bare-bones functionality in certain areas, limited application catalog, lack of multitouch gestures, or syncing with certain enterprise platforms), but showed promise through its customizable interface, increased flexibility over iOS, its notification system, ability to display security permissions when downloading apps, and its heavy integration with Google services.
Brandon gave the Dream a 4.5/5, despite stating that it was "no Apple iPhone killer" (due to the Dream's less refined application selection and multimedia features). The Dream was considered to be a "stellar" phone that "points to a future when a phone is as flexible and useful as the PC on your desk." Engadget felt that the Dream "isn't going to blow anyone's mind right out of the gate" due to its hardware, but that the Android platform as a whole held its own against its competitors, and that early adopters of Android through the G1 were "buying into one of the most exciting developments in the mobile world in recent memory." "GSMArena" noted that the Dream would have been "another average smart QWERTY messenger" had it not been for its introduction of Android; in conclusion, the Dream was considered "far from the perfect package", but still believed that "it gets the things that matter done and gets them done right."
Commercial reception.
In April 2009, T-Mobile announced that it had sold over a million G1's in the United States, accounting for two thirds of the devices on its 3G network. AdMob estimated in March 2009 that Android and the G1 had reached a market share of 6% in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18698813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698813" title="Platani (river)">
Platani (river)

Platani (Sicilian: Plàtani), known in ancient times as Alico ("Halykus") is a river in southern Sicily, Italy. It is the fifth longest in the island after Imera Meridionale, Simeto, Belice and Dittaino, with a course of 103 km, and the third for drainage basin with 1,785 km², after the Simeto and Imera Meridionale. It flows through the provinces of Palermo and Agrigento, marking the boundary between the latter and that of Caltanissetta.
The river generates at the confluence of Platani di Lercara and Platani di Castronuovo, which, respectively, springs in the "comuni" of Lercara Friddi (under the Pizzo Lanzone mountain) and Santo Stefano Quisquina (between the Serra della Moneta and Pizzo della Rondine mountains). From the confluence to the mouth it runs for c. 83 km; including the branch of Castronuovo the total length is 103 km. Along its course the Platani receives the waters of several affluents, including the Gallo d'Oro, Turvoli, Vallone Morella, Vallone Tumarrano and Vallone di Aragona.
The river flows in the Strait of Sicily, near Capo Bianco, on the boundary of the "comuni" of Ribera and Cattolica Eraclea.

</doc>
<doc id="18698846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698846" title="Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus">
Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus

Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus (, about 75 – about 150) was a Cilician Prince and second-born son to King Gaius Julius Alexander and Queen Julia Iotapa of Cetis. His eldest brother was Gaius Julius Agrippa and his younger sister was Julia Iotapa.
Surviving inscriptions on Berenicianus reveals that his family were related to important members of Asian, non-Jewish and Jewish aristocracy. Berenicianus was of Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian, Median and Persian origins. His paternal grandparents were King Tigranes VI of Armenia and his wife Opgalli. Through Tigranes, he was a descendant of King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Agrippa along with his family and paternal relatives were among the last known descendants of the Herodian Dynasty. He was an apostate to Judaism. It is unlikely that Berenicianus attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics. His name indicates that the family connections from the Herodian Dynasty were not wholly broken. His maternal grandparents were King Antiochus IV of Commagene and Queen Julia Iotapa. 
The Kingdom of Cetis was a small client state in the Roman Empire. Cetis was a small region in Cilicia that was previously ruled by his Cappadocian royal ancestors and Antiochus IV. The city in Cilicia Elaiussa Sebaste was a part of the Kingdom. When his parents married in Rome in 58, then Roman Emperor Nero crowned his parents as monarchs and gave them that region to rule. He was born, raised and educated in Cetis. 
In 94, Berenicianus along with Agrippa entered the Roman Senate. Surviving inscriptions also reveal the career of Berenicianus. Berenicianus served as a suffect consul or as a consul ordinarius in 116. Between 132-133, he was Proconsul of the Roman Province of Asia. While Berenicianus was Asian Proconsul, he appeared to have been a patron of the arts. During his proconsulship, the bishop and later saint Judas Cyriacus died or was killed in a riot during a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 133. 
A possible descendant of Berenicianus was the usurper of the 3rd century Jotapianus. He married Cassia Lepida (born ca 80), daughter of Cassius Lepidus (born ca 55), paternal granddaughter of Gnaeus Domitius Corbulo and wife Junia Lepida. Through her mother and grandmother, Cassia was a direct descendant of Roman Emperor Augustus. Berenicianus and Cassia had a daughter named Julia Cassia Alexandria, born ca 105, who married Gaius Avidius Heliodorus, born ca 100, "ab epistulis" under the Roman emperor Hadrian and "praefectus Aegypti" between 138 and 140, and had issue, such as the usurper Avidius Cassius.

</doc>
<doc id="18698857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698857" title="Jill Belland">
Jill Belland

Jill Belland is a Canadian TV personality based in Calgary, Alberta. She serves as a host and producer at Citytv Calgary.
Early life.
Belland was born in Edmonton and moved to Calgary at a young age.
She studied classical piano and trained to be a singer.
Belland studied at the University of Calgary in the Faculty of Communications and Culture with a concentration in Media Studies.
She joined the Calgary Stampeders Outriders cheerleading squad, which she was part of for four years. While with the Stampeders, she sang the national anthem at home games.
Belland has also worked as a stage actress, performing in local productions such as "Jesus Hopped the "A" Train", "The Full Monty", and "Man Out of Joint".
Broadcasting.
Belland was hired by A-Channel in Calgary (CKAL-TV was previously known as A-Channel, and is now known as Citytv Calgary).
Her initial job was "Coffee Girl" doing various gopher tasks for the "The Big Breakfast" TV show. 
She then assisted in production with the "Big Breakfast" show and the station's news department.
In 2004 Belland was hired as an entertainment reporter for the show "MTV Select". (at the time A-Channel and MTV Canada were both owned by Craig Media). She was then promoted to become host and producer of "Wired" on A-Channel in 2003.
She has also served as a host of "Your City", Citytv's weekday evening show.
Belland became the host and producer of "The City Show", a weekend show, that won the Rosie award for "Best News Information Series" by the Alberta Motion Picture Industries Association (AMPIA) in 2006.
"The City Show" and "Your City" were cancelled in January 2010.
Belland has won AMPIA's "Best Host" award for 2009, 2010, and 2011. 
Belland was voted "Sexiest Women" in Calgary by Fast Forward Weekly readers in 2009.
In 2011 she won another Rosie as Best TV Host for the Breakfast Show.
Belland was included in Avenue Magazine's 2011 "Top 40 Under 40" list of Calgarian's.

</doc>
<doc id="18698875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698875" title="Graham Giffard">
Graham Giffard

Graham Thomas Giffard (born 21 February 1959) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 2000 to 2008, representing the North Metropolitan Region.
Born in Camberwell, Victoria, Giffard moved to Western Australia in 1981 and joined the Labor Party in 1986. For two years he worked for the member for Fremantle, John Dawkins and then another two years for secretary of the Cabinet, Bill Thomas.
For the following eight years Giffard worked for the Construction, Forestry, Mining and Energy Workers Union of Australia (CFMEU) which was then known as the Australian Builders Labourers Federation.
He was first elected to Parliament in February 2000 on a countback for the South Metropolitan Region after the resignation of John Halden, and subsequently re-elected to the North Metropolitan Region in the 2001 and 2005 state elections he is a member of the Australian Labor Party.
Giffard resigned his seat on 11 August 2008 to stand as the Labor Party candidate for the Legislative Assembly district of Swan Hills at the 2008 state election. He was defeated by Liberal Party candidate Frank Alban.

</doc>
<doc id="18698901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698901" title="Keep the Home Fires Burning (1914 song)">
Keep the Home Fires Burning (1914 song)

"Keep the Home-Fires Burning ('Till the Boys Come Home)" is a British patriotic First World War song composed in 1914 by Ivor Novello with words by Lena Gilbert Ford (whose middle name was sometimes printed as "Guilbert").
The song was published first as "'Till the Boys Come Home" on 8 October 1914 by Ascherberg, Hopwood, and Crew Ltd. in London. 
A new edition was printed in 1915 with the name "Keep the Home-Fires Burning". The song became very popular in the United Kingdom during the war, along with "It's a Long Way to Tipperary".
James F. Harrison recorded "Keep the Home-Fires Burning" in 1915, as did Stanley Kirkby in 1916. Another popular recording was sung by tenor John McCormack in 1917, who was also the first to record "It's a Long Way to Tipperary" in 1914. (See External links below to hear these recordings of "Keep the Home-Fires Burning".)
There is a misconception that Ivor Novello's mother wrote the lyrics for the song (propagated—for example—by patter in recorded performances of British musical comedy duo Hinge & Bracket) but Lena Ford (an American) was a friend and collaborator of Novello, not a blood relation.

</doc>
<doc id="18698906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698906" title="Bertha Calloway">
Bertha Calloway

Bertha Calloway (born c.1925?) is an African-American community activist and historian in North Omaha, Nebraska. The founder of the Negro History Society and the Great Plains Black History Museum, Calloway won awards from several organizations for her activism in the community and Nebraska. "http://www.iloveblackhistory.com" is the current website for the Bertha W. Calloway Center for the Research and Study of African and African-American History, Art, and Culture. 
Biography.
As a student Bertha Calloway was a member of a pioneering Omaha civil rights group called the DePorres Club, first based at Creighton University. During those years, she already planned creating a museum about the African-American experience, to tell the history she never learned in school. She was also active for years with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), which had a chapter in the city since 1912. 
Great Plains Black History Museum.
Working with local supporters, in 1962 Calloway created the Negro History Society. She started collecting artifacts, stories, papers and art of African-American history and culture. She wanted to be able to tell her community the history not yet told in schools. In 1975 Calloway and her husband bought the Webster Telephone Exchange Building to establish the Great Plains Black History Museum. They were helped to open in 1976 by a $101,000 grant from the US Bicentennial Commission. Through the years they also received funding from the city. Throughout the rest of her life Calloway taught Nebraskans at the museum about the contributions of African Americans throughout the Midwest. One of the largest museums devoted to African-American history west of the Mississippi River, the institution has a collection of more than 100,000 items, including paintings, rare books, photographs, and films. In a 1996 interview, Calloway explained, "People must see black history in order for the images they have of black people to change. That's what our museum is all about... revealing a history that's been withheld."
Camp Nizhoni.
In 1978 Bertha and her husband James bought Camp Nizhoni in Lincoln Hills, Colorado. Earlier in the 20th century, it had been the only camp for African-American girls west of Mississippi. Bertha had gone there herself as a girl. Lincoln Hills was a successful resort community near Denver developed by and for African Americans in years when segregation prevented their going to some areas. With the many options open to younger people after the civil rights movement, Lincoln Hills had lost some of its attraction. Because of its historic importance, Calloway nominated the Winks Lodge (named after the founder) to the National Register of Historic Places, where it was listed in 1980. She and her husband sold the camp in 1985. Other parties are trying to redevelop the community.
Honors.
In 1999 the Nebraska State Historical Society honored Calloway with the Addison E. Sheldon Memorial Award, for her "outstanding contributions to the preservation and interpretation of Nebraska history", years of service to the NAACP, the Great Plains Black Museum in Omaha, and her contributions to the understanding of African-American culture in Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="18698908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698908" title="Joe Dolan (footballer)">
Joe Dolan (footballer)

Joe Dolan (born 27 May 1980 in Southwark) is an English semi-professional footballer, who plays as a defender. He is a former professional footballer who played at Football League level for Millwall, Stockport County, Brighton and Hove Albion and Leyton Orient.
Dolan started his career as a trainee at Chelsea before moving onto Millwall where he was a first team regular for them before breaking his leg. When he returned he never reproduced the form that got him in the first team before the injury and went on loan to Crawley Town, Stockport County and Brighton and Hove Albion.
In July 2005, he signed for Leyton Orient but that did not work out and was soon out on loan again to Stockport County and Fisher Athletic.
Canvey Island signed him in January 2006 where he spent the remainder of the season before Francis Vines signed him in July 2006. Dolan left Basingstoke Town in October 2009 to rejoin Francis Vines at Isthmian Premier side Carshalton Athletic. In February 2010 Dolan joined Isthmian Division One South side Croydon Athletic. In November 2010 Dolan joined Isthmian Premier side Cray Wanderers. Dolan joined Kingstonian in December. In March 2011 Joe was dual registered at Lewes FC in the Conference South, before eventually joining Bromley FC. After joining Staines on a short term deal, he moved on to Havant & Waterlooville F.C. in February 2012. On 28 April 2012, Dolan scored an injury time winner against his previous club, Staines Town to save Havant and Waterlooville from relegation.
He was released by the Havant in May 2012. In Aug 2012 he joined Metropolitan Police
International career.
Dolan has played six times for the Northern Ireland U21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="18698925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698925" title="Jay Gould (disambiguation)">
Jay Gould (disambiguation)

Jay Gould (1836–1892) was an American financier and leading railroad developer and speculator.
Jay Gould may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18698934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698934" title="Leung Hing Kit">
Leung Hing Kit

Leung Hing Kit (, born October 22, 1989) is a professional footballer who plays in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway Rangers. His position is Goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="18698941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698941" title="Cartoon KAT-TUN II You">
Cartoon KAT-TUN II You

Cartoon KAT-TUN II You is the second studio album by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN, released in Japan on April 18, 2007 by J-One Records. It is the group's first album that does not feature all six members, as Jin Akanishi had taken a sabbatical to study overseas six months prior to recording the songs. The album was released in three editions; a regular version with all 14 tracks, a first press edition with the same track listing as its regular counterpart with a 40-page photo booklet, and a limited edition which came with extra extended play versions of seven bonus tracks. The limited edition did not feature the song "You".
With the release of this album, KAT-TUN became the first group in Japanese music history to have all of their collective releases (three singles, two albums, and five DVDs at the time) reach number 1 on the charts. KAT-TUN went on a seven-city nationwide tour from April 3, 2007 to June 17, 2007 in support of the album. The last performance at Tokyo Dome was filmed and released on DVD entitled "Tour 2007 Cartoon KAT-TUN II You" on November 21, 2007.
Album information.
The album's title is similarly named to the group's late-night talk show, "Cartoon KAT-TUN", which began airing two weeks before the album's release on Nippon Television. The album was recorded in Tokyo and Bennett Studios in Englewood, New Jersey, in the United States. Songwriters who presided over the group's debut album also contributed several tracks to the record. Ma-saya, who worked with KAT-TUN before, penned their second single, "Signal", and the third track, "Splash...". Kazumasa Oda, folk singer-songwriter formerly of Off Course, wrote their third single, "Bokura no Machi de", a tender love ballad. Yoji Kubota, a prolific lyricist for many of Japan's contemporary pop artists, wrote "Movin on..." with arranger Nao Tanaka and also penned "Heartbreak Club". The group's senpai (peer mentor), Takizawa Hideaki of Tackey & Tsubasa, composed the music for "My Angel, You are Angel". All tracks from the bonus CD are songs KAT-TUN had been performing in concerts and "Shōnen Club" since their junior days. The second track, "Peak", was used in a commercial for NTT DoCoMo's 903iTV series of cellphones in which Kazuya Kamenashi starred.
KAT-TUN members also received a solo track each which they co-wrote themselves, with the exception of Kazuya Kamenashi and Junnosuke Taguchi. The fourteenth track, "You", was not officially released as a single but a music video was shot marking Jin Akanishi's return to the group. The song also served as a theme song to Kamenashi's drama, "Suppli". All rap lyrics featured in the album were also written by Koki Tanaka himself; he also co-wrote his rap verses in "Fight All Night" with Tomohisa Yamashita of NEWS and with bandmate Yuichi Nakamaru for "No Matter Matter".
Chart performance and reception.
In its first week of release, "Cartoon KAT-TUN II You" sold 270,976 copies in Japan, a sharp drop from the first-week sales of their debut album. Despite the stark difference in reported sales, the album's two singles which had been released months in advance had seen more than 1 million shipments altogether before the album's release in April 2007. The album's first week numbers were enough to grab the number 1 spot on the Oricon album charts, however, and it stayed on the charts for another 3 weeks before dropping off the top 30.
The album has sold more than 354,973 copies to date and was certified as the 30th best-selling album of 2007 by Oricon at the end of the year and was later certified Double Platinum by RIAJ denoting over 500,000 shipments. KAT-TUN also won six awards at the 21st Japan Gold Disc Awards with "SIGNAL" and "Bokura no Machi de" placing on the "The Best 10 Singles (Domestic)" list.
Track listing.
Regular and First Press edition
1 2 3 4 5 Koki Tanaka, Yuichi Nakamaru, Tatsuya Ueda, Junnosuke Taguchi and Kazuya Kamenashi solo tracks, respectively.6 Regular and First Press Edition only.
Limited edition bonus EP

</doc>
<doc id="18698961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18698961" title="Yau Kam Leung">
Yau Kam Leung

Yau Kam Leung (, born 26 April 1985 in Hong Kong) is a professional football player who played in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway Rangers. His position is Left-back.

</doc>
<doc id="18699001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699001" title="Ponnampet">
Ponnampet

Ponnampet is a city in the State of Karnataka with a population of approximately 26,313. The closest tourism destination to Ponnampet is Kunda Betta (A Hill Station ) and Irpu water falls.Other close by tourism destinations include Chelavara falls,Nagarahole National Park,Abbey Falls Tadiandamol, Dubare . The nearest major railway station to Ponnampet is Mysore (MYS). The nearest airport is at Bangalore which is at a distance of 209 kilometres. Lying at an elevation of 2795 ft, which makes it a low-altitude city.

</doc>
<doc id="18699005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699005" title="Indonesian Youth Party">
Indonesian Youth Party

The Indonesian Youth Party () is a political party in Indonesia. It contested the 2009 elections with a platform of motivating young people to participate in national development. The party won only 0.4 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18699006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699006" title="Rarieda Constituency">
Rarieda Constituency

Rarieda Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of two constituencies in Bondo District. The entire constituency is located within Bondo County Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18699008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699008" title="Chan Cham Hei">
Chan Cham Hei

Chan Cham Hei (, born 17 June 1991 in Hong Kong) is a professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Biu Chun Rangers. His position is left-back.

</doc>
<doc id="18699017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699017" title="Ma Siu Kwan">
Ma Siu Kwan

Ma Siu Kwan (, born 28 March 1991) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who plays in the Hong Kong First Division League for Happe Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18699018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699018" title="Westcountry Rivers Trust">
Westcountry Rivers Trust

The Westcountry Rivers Trust is a waterway society and a registered charity No. 1045806 in the West Country of England, United Kingdom. The Trust was founded in 1995 and aims to protect and enhance the West Country's rivers and streams, and to work with the region's landowners, farmers and the wider community, mainly through education projects.
Cornwall Rivers Project.
This £2.6 million Project, from 2002 to 2006, was funded by the European Union (European Agriculture Guidance and Guarantee Fund) Objective 1 Programme and by the UK Government's Department of Environment, Food and Rural Affairs. It was aimed at those managing land in the catchments of these rivers and streams:
Trust members visited over 870 landholdings in Cornwall to help improve farming practice, to protect the environment and to make economic savings. More than 1,380 km of watercourses were surveyed, and Integrated River Basin Resource Management Plans issued. 
An End of Project leaflet was produced:

</doc>
<doc id="18699027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699027" title="Chak Ting Fung">
Chak Ting Fung

Chak Ting Fung (, born 27 November 1989 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Fourway (football). His position is right back and left back. He is the best left back in the Hong Kong national football team.
Club career.
Rangers FC.
Chak Ting Fung gave up his studies after completing form 4 and took up professional football when he was only 16.
2009-10 season.
On 22 May 2010, after a 0:3 loss to TSW Pegasus FC, Chak Ting Fung was taken by team boss Philip Li to the stands to meet South China AA convener Steven Lo, sparking rumours in the press that he would join the Caroliners. But in the end he stayed with the club.
2010-11 season.
For the 2010-11 season, due to the cut on foreigners quota, Chak Ting Fung was named by Philip Li as an important prospect for the club, along with teammate Lam Hok Hei.
But in January 2011, Chak Ting Fung was highly criticized by Rangers FC boss Philip Li, for "sleepwalking" on the pitch after the club lost a league game to TSW Pegasus FC. Philip added that he had no choice but to put him on sale. But in June, Chak Ting Fung confirmed he will stay with Rangers FC.
South China.
He joined South China in January 2013.
International career.
Hong Kong.
Chak Ting Fung's first game for Hong Kong national football team was at home against Yemen in an 2011 AFC Asian Cup qualification match in March 2010. Chak said he would treasure every second if he got on the pitch.
He was named in the 25 men squad to face Malaysia on 3 June 2011.
Hong Kong U23.
Chak Ting Fung was named in the initial 23 men squad for the 2009 East Asian Games. But on the eve of the tournament, he quit after suffering an injury. Chak was disappointed that he missed out on the gold medal.
In the 2010 Asian Games, he suffered a broken nose in the match against Bangladesh and went through surgery in the hospital after the game. His nose was bandaged and although doctor ordered him not to play, he appeared at the second round match against Oman with a face mask and was prepared to play. In the end he was an unused substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="18699030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699030" title="Panic Nation">
Panic Nation

Panic Nation is a nonfiction book by Stanley Feldman and Vincent Marks. It was published by John Blake in 2006 . The tagline and theme of the book is "Exposing the myths we're told about food and health". 
Overview.
This book focuses on debunking many popular misconceptions about food and health that are common in the world today, in line with the introduction to the book that quotes Frederick II of the Holy Roman Empire who wrote in the thirteenth century: 'One ought not to believe anything, save that which can be proven by nature and the force of reason.'
Synopsis.
The book comprises a series of essays written by specialists and experts in related fields. These experts address the state of knowledge in the specific fields and how this conflicts with common knowledge.
The contributors are: Stanley Feldman, Vincent Marks, Michael Fizpatrick, Maurice Hanssen, John Henry, Mick Hume, Lakshman Karalliedde, Malcolm Kendrick, Peter Lachmann, James le Fanu, Sandy Macnair, Sam Shuster and Dick Taverne QC.
Reception.
Michael Gard, in a paper in the book "Biopolitics and the 'obesity epidemic': governing bodies", commented that the "consistent line of the 30 chapters is that pressure groups and bad scientists have managed to grossly exaggerate the health risks of things like salt, sugar, cholesterol, fast food and passive smoking". Writing in the "New Statesman", William Sidelsky says "The basic problem, according to the authors, is that our society is in thrall to the 'precautionary principle'. Ours is a mentality whereby any small or medium-sized risk is converted into a portent of near-certain catastrophe." He goes on to add "It is hard not to concede that they have a point. The tone of the book may be trenchant, but the arguments are sensible and even-handed."

</doc>
<doc id="18699035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699035" title="Cornelius Vanderbilt (disambiguation)">
Cornelius Vanderbilt (disambiguation)

Cornelius Vanderbilt (1794–1877) was an American entrepreneur.
Cornelius Vanderbilt may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18699046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699046" title="Tse Tin Yau">
Tse Tin Yau

Tse Tin Yau (, born 31 July 1991 in Hong Kong) is a professional footballer who plays in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway. His position is Right-back or Right Midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="18699056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699056" title="Chan Siu Yuen">
Chan Siu Yuen

Chan Siu Yuen (, born 2 November 1987 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Citizen. His position is Central-back or Defensive midfielder.
Honour.
With Hong Kong:
Career statistics.
"As of 4 May 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="18699068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699068" title="Lai Yiu Cheong">
Lai Yiu Cheong

Lai Yiu Cheong (, born 25 September 1988 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player currently playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Sun Hei. His position is right-winger.
Club career.
Rangers.
Lai Yiu Cheong made his first division league debut in the 2006–07 season. On 29 September 2006, Lai Yiu Cheong earned a place in the match squad list in the match against Hong Kong Football Club, but was an unused substitute player. Then, he finally made his first division league debut on 18 November 2006, in a match against Wofoo Tai Po, being substituted 3 minutes before the end of the match. He finally had 3 league appearances and played 1 match in Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield and Hong Kong FA Cup respectively.
In the 2007–08 season, Lai Yiu Cheong got a lot more chances. He made 8 league appearances, although he was only a usual substitute in the team. For cup games, he played 3 Hong Kong League Cup games and 1 Hong Kong FA Cup match. However, he could not help the team to stay in Hong Kong First Division League.
Fourway.
After spending 2 seasons in Rangers, he followed former Rangers club director Lee Fai Lap and joined the newly formed club Fourway in the beginning of the 2008–09 season. He scored his first first division league goal in the match against Tuen Mun Progoal on 31 Ocbober 2008. He made 9 league appearances and played 3 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield matches. He then eventually left the club in January 2009.
TSW Pegasus.
Lai Yiu Cheong joined TSW Pegasus in January 2009. He was given the kit number 26. He had been an important player since his transfer to TSW Pegasus. He made 11 league appearances and scored 2 goals in his first season in TSW Pegasus.
In the 2009–10 season, Lai Yiu Cheong made a total of 18 appearances, including 14 league games, 2 senior shield games and 2 FA Cup games. He scored only one goal for the team in the season, which was the winning goal for the team against Wofoo Tai Po on 20 February 2010. He helped the team to win a place for the 2011 AFC Cup group stage.
The 2010–11 season played lots of matches for the team. He played 14 league games and scored 1 league goal. The goal was scored in the home game against South China on 22 April 2011. However, the goal did not help the team to win the game, being defeated 2—3. He featured all 6 AFC Cup group stage matches for the team and scored 2 goals. However, the team did not qualify to the knock-out stage.
Tuen Mun.
On 13 June 2012, Lai Yiu Cheong joined Tuen Mun.
Sun Hei.
On 1 January 2014, Biu Chun Rangers director Philip Lee announced that Lai will join Sun Hei on loan after being released by Tuen Mun. 
Honour.
With Hong Kong:

</doc>
<doc id="18699087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699087" title="Lau Ka Shing">
Lau Ka Shing

Lau Ka Shing (, born 13 August 1989 in Hong Kong) is a professional footballer who last played for Happy Valley. He previously played in the Hong Kong First Division League for Fourway Rangers. His position is Forward.

</doc>
<doc id="18699099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699099" title="Iu Wai">
Iu Wai

Iu Wai (, born 9 November 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong First Division League team Hong Kong Sapling. His position is defender. He made his debut on 14 October 2007 at the game versus Kitchee.

</doc>
<doc id="18699119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699119" title="Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae">
Sabu to Ichi Torimono Hikae

, sometimes translated as "Sabu and Ichi's Detective Stories/Tales and Sabu and Ichi's Arrest Warrant", is a manga series by Shotaro Ishimori originally published in "Weekly Shōnen Sunday" beginning in 1966. In April 1968, the series moved to serialization in the first issue of "Big Comic", where it was published until the series ended four years later in the April 10, 1972 issue. The manga was adapted into an anime TV series which aired on NET from October 3, 1968 to September 24, 1969. The series won the 1968 Shogakukan Manga Award.
In addition to the manga and anime series, a live action period drama series was aired on Fuji TV from 1981 to 1982 as part of their "Jidaigeki Special" series. A total of four specials were created and aired. Sabu and Ichi were played by veteran actors Tomokazu Miura and Tatsuo Umemiya (respectively), with Yūko Natori and Junzaburo Ban playing the parts of Midori and her father, Saheiji.
Plot.
The series follows the adventures of Sabu, a young Edo bakufu investigator traveling with the blind master swordsman Ichi. In their travels, they assist the common people in solving mysteries and righting wrongs (usually committed by bandits or corrupt officials). Sabu is engaged to Midori, the daughter of his boss, who works as a police officer for the Tokugawa shogunate.
Main characters.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="18699120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699120" title="Lam Hok Hei">
Lam Hok Hei

Lam Hok Hei (, born 18 September 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays for Hong Kong side Biu Chun Rangers. His position is forward. Former Hong Kong head coach Lai Sun Cheung described Lam Hok Hei as a talent player with full of potential. He is the best forward player in the Hong Kong National Football Team.
In January 2013, Pahang FA approached Rangers boss Philip Li about taking Lam Hok Hei to the Malaysia Super League and will offer him a US$7,000 monthly salary. Philip Li said he will let Lam make the decision about his own future.
Club career.
Biu Chun Rangers.
Lam Hok Hei started his professional football career in Hong Kong C. In 2008, he signed for Biu Chun Rangers(Former known as Fourway Rangers). He was quickly established himself as a regular first team member of Biu Chun Rangers. He was a sensity forward to score in the frontline, he was the guy that can change the game . His performance in Biu Chun Rangers impressed scouts from clubs of mainland China,Japan,South Korea,Malaysia and Indonesia.In January 2013, Biu Chun Rangers manager Philip Li said he will let Lam make the decision about his own future.
Persija Jakarta.
On 18 May 2013, Lam Hok Hei announced that he had joined Indonesia Super League club Persija Jakarta for a 4-month loan contract.
On 26 May 2013, Lam Hok Hei made his line-up debut for Persija Jakarta against Persidafon Dafonsoro, and he played for about 70 minutes before the injury. The game Persija Jakarta won 1-0.
On 1 June 2013, Lam Hok Hei made his second appearance against Persiwa Wamena, in this match, Lam made his first assist to Rachmat Afandi to score, and Persija Jakarta won 3-0.
International.
Lam Hok Hei scored his first international goal for Hong Kong on 14 November 2012 against Malaysia at the Shah Alam Stadium, the match ended 1-1.

</doc>
<doc id="18699140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699140" title="Agastache parvifolia">
Agastache parvifolia

Agastache parvifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name small-leaf giant hyssop. It is endemic to far northern California, where it grows in woodlands. It is an uncommon species and is sometimes considered a local subspecies of "Agastache urticifolia". This is an aromatic perennial herb producing an erect stem with triangular serrated leaves on petioles. This species is characterized by leaves under 5 centimeters long and 3.5 wide. The inflorescence is a spike occupying the top of the stem. The flowers have pink-tipped green sepals and tubular pink corollas.

</doc>
<doc id="18699159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699159" title="Broad Street, Bristol">
Broad Street, Bristol

Broad Street, along with High Street, Wine Street and Corn Street, is one of the four original streets that have made up the city of Bristol since Saxon times, when it was the burgh of "Brycgstow". 
Prior to the building of The Exchange merchants would set up their stalls on Broad Street. An old city gate stands at the bottom of the street, where it joins Quay Street.
Notable Architecture.
Going downhill from the junction with Corn Street, other notable buildings include Christ Church with St Ewen, designed and built by William Paty in the late 18th century, a former branch of the Bank of England designed by Charles R Cockerell in Greek Doric style, the Thistle Hotel, Bristol by Foster and Wood in Italian Renaissance, the Guildhall in Gothic style by Richard Shackleton Pope and the Art Nouveau Edward Everard printing works.
The printing works features a mural designed by W J Neatby depicting Gutenberg and William Morris, the founders of modern printing; a woman holding objects to represent Light and Truth and the spirit of Literature. It is made from Carrara-
Ware marble tiles.
Tailor's Court is a small side lane leading off Broad Street. Here can be seen the Merchant Tailor's Guild Hall, built in 1740. This area used to be full of lawyers' offices, but is now mostly student accommodation. The churchyard of St John the Baptist has an entrance here.
St John's Gate.
St John's Gate, which stands at the bottom of the street, is the last remaining part of the city wall, with Church of St John the Baptist built above it. The two side passages were created in the 1820s. Niches in the wall contain the figures Brennus and Belinus, according to legend they founded the city. Nearby St John's Conduit was originally built for the friary of the Carmelites but also supplied the people of Brandon Hill. The parishioners were allowed to use only the overflow from the system, and they took advantage of this again during the blitz of World War II when water mains had been damaged.

</doc>
<doc id="18699161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699161" title="Yuen Tsun Tung">
Yuen Tsun Tung

Yuen Tsun Tung () is a Hong Kong professional football player played for Hong Kong First Division League team Fourway (football). His position is Defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18699166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699166" title="Nakuru Town Constituency">
Nakuru Town Constituency

Nakuru Town Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of six constituencies in Nakuru District. The constituency was established for the 1963 elections. The entire constituency is located within Nakuru municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18699167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699167" title="23×115mm">
23×115mm

The 23x115 mm round is used by Soviet (USSR)/Russian/CIS aircraft autocannon, most notably by the GSh-23L and GSh-6-23. Although the round has been superseded by the 30x165 mm round, the Russian Air Force still uses it in the GSh-23L (in aircraft's tail turrets and in the UPK-23-250 gunpack/gunpod) and GSh-6-23 (used in Su-24). This round still serves in many countries and is widely available.
History.
The round was derived from the 14.5×114mm round by necking it out to 23mm. The original rounds used a lower power charge of 33g of sw 4/7 powder and achieved only 690 m/s at a maximum pressure of 294,3MPa. In 1954 an improved ammunition was introduced, featuring better projectile design and ballistic properties. The newer rounds have a powder charge to achieve 720 m/s.

</doc>
<doc id="18699185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699185" title="G. Bruce Boyer">
G. Bruce Boyer

G. Bruce Boyer (born 1941) is a journalist who was the fashion editor for "Town & Country". Often cited as an authority on men's fashion., he was formerly fashion editor for "GQ" and "Esquire". Before his career in menswear journalism, Boyer studied English literature in Moravian and holds a graduate and master's degree in the subject. He has also worked as an English literature professor for seven years .

</doc>
<doc id="18699195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699195" title="Clara Luper">
Clara Luper

Clara Shepard Luper (born Clara Mae Shepard May 3, 1923 – June 8, 2011) was a civic leader, retired schoolteacher, and a pioneering leader in the American Civil Rights Movement. She is best known for her leadership role in the 1958 Oklahoma City Sit-in Movement, as she, her young son and daughter, and numerous young members of the NAACP Youth Council successfully conducted nonviolent sit-in protests of downtown drugstore lunch-counters which overturned their policies of segregation. The Clara Luper Corridor is a streetscape and civic beautification project from the Oklahoma Capitol area east to northeast Oklahoma City and was announced by Governor Brad Henry.
Luper continued desegregating hundreds of establishments in Oklahoma, and was active on the national level during the 1960s movements.
Early years.
Clara Shepard Luper was born in 1923 in rural Okfuskee County, Oklahoma. Her father, Ezell Shepard, was a World War I veteran and laborer. Her mother, Isabell Shepard, worked as a laundress. Young Clara was raised in Hoffman, Oklahoma. She went to high school in the all-black town of Grayson, Oklahoma, and attended college at Langston University where, in 1944, she received a B.A. in mathematics with a minor in history. In 1950, Luper was one of the groups of black students who integrated the University of Oklahoma. She received an M.A. in History Education from the university in 1951.
NAACP Youth Council and the start of the 1958 Oklahoma City Movement.
In 1957, as Luper worked as a history teacher at Dunjee High School east of Oklahoma City, she became the advisor for the Oklahoma City NAACP Youth Council. At this time she was deeply influenced by the success of Martin Luther King, Jr and the Montgomery Bus Boycott. With the Youth Council, she wrote and staged a play entitled "Brother President" about King’s philosophy of nonviolence. In 1958, she was invited to bring the Oklahoma City Youth Council to perform "Brother President" for the NAACP in New York City.
The trip to and from New York was a formative experience for Youth Council members. On their return to Oklahoma the Youth Council voted to initiate a campaign of non-violent civil disobedience to end segregation in Oklahoma City.
From 1958 to 1964 Luper mentored the members of the NAACP Youth Council during its campaign to end the segregation of public accommodations through sit-ins, protests, and boycotts.
Oklahoma City Sit-ins and related activism.
On Tuesday afternoon, August 19, 1958, Luper and a group of Youth Council members entered the segregated Katz drugstore in downtown Oklahoma City she also knew, and asked to be served. Two days later, Katz corporate management in Kansas City desegregated its lunch counters in three states.
This successful August, 1958 sit-in led by Luper, her eight-year old daughter who suggested the action, and the rest of the children in the NAACP Youth Council, at the Katz Drug Store occurred a year and a half before the February 1, 1960 Greensboro, North Carolina sit-ins.
From 1958 to 1964 Clara Luper was a major leader of the fight to end segregation in Oklahoma. She led the campaigns to gain equal banking rights, employment opportunities, open housing, and voting rights. Along with the NAACP Youth Council, she personally integrated hundreds of restaurants, cafes, theaters, hotels, and churches, including such notable Oklahoma City establishments as the Split-T drive-in and the Skirvin Hotel. She served on Governor J. Howard Edmondson’s Committee on Human Relations.
National Civil Rights Activism.
Luper was a prominent figure in the national civil rights movement. She was active in the NAACP, and attended the association’s annual conference every year with the Oklahoma City Youth Council. She took part in the 1963 March on Washington where Dr. King gave his “I Have a Dream” speech. She also took part in the 1965 Selma to Montgomery marches where she received a deep cut in her leg on "Bloody Sunday" when 600 civil rights marchers were attacked by state and local police with tear gas and billy clubs.
After 1964 Luper remained an important community figure as an activist, educator, and stalwart NAACP supporter. In these years, she expanded the range of her concerns to include advocacy for educational, economic, and political equality. In 1968, she was one of a handful of African American teachers hired to teach at Oklahoma City's Northwest Classen High School as part of the highly controversial court ordered school desegregation plan implemented that year. She was later reassigned to John Marshall High School (Oklahoma) where she continued to teach history and media studies.
Oklahoma City Sanitation Workers Strike.
In August 1969, Luper was the spokesperson for striking sanitation workers in Oklahoma City. The sanitation workers sought a shorter work week, pay raises, and new grievance procedures. The Oklahoma City sanitation strike began on August 19 and ended on November 7, 1969.
Later years.
In 1972 Clara Luper ran unsuccessfully for election to the United States Senate. When asked by the press if she, a black woman, could represent white people, she responded: “Of course, I can represent white people, black people, red people, yellow people, brown people, and polka dot people. You see, I have lived long enough to know that people are people.”
Luper taught American history for 41 years, beginning at Dunjee High School and working at other Oklahoma City schools; she retired from John Marshall High School in Oklahoma City in 1989.
The Clara Luper Corridor, a multi-million dollar two mile streetscape project connecting the Oklahoma State Capitol complex with the historically African-American area of Northeast Oklahoma City, began construction in 2005. It was named to commemorate her civil rights legacy.
Luper received hundreds of awards, and was inducted into the Oklahoma Hall of Fame, the Oklahoma Women's Hall of Fame, and the Oklahoma Afro-American Hall of Fame, among others.
The Clara Luper Scholarship, a full scholarship given by Oklahoma City University, has been awarded to 30-45 students every year. The scholarship was geared towards students who were minorities, came from underserved high schools, or came from households with lower income.
Writings.
Clara Luper’s book "Behold The Walls" (1979) is an acclaimed first-hand account of the campaign for civil rights in Oklahoma City during the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18699199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699199" title="Agastache urticifolia">
Agastache urticifolia

Agastache urticifolia is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name nettle-leaf giant hyssop or horse nettle. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Colorado, where it grows in many habitat types. This is an aromatic perennial herb growing an erect stem with widely spaced leaves, each lance-shaped to nearly triangular and toothed. The leaves are up to 8 centimeters long and 7 wide. The inflorescence is a dense spike of many flowers. Each flower has long sepals tipped with bright purple and tubular corollas in shades of pink and purple. The fruit is a light brown, fuzzy nutlet about 2 millimeters long. The plant was used medicinally by several Native American groups, especially the leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="18699201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699201" title="Grant R. Osborne">
Grant R. Osborne

Grant R. Osborne is a theologian.

</doc>
<doc id="18699225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699225" title="Ross Ray">
Ross Ray

Ross Ray QC is an Australian barrister and the President of the Law Council of Australia.
Ross Ray studied at Monash University, where he obtained a Bachelor of Jurisprudence and a Bachelor of Laws, graduating in 1975.
He has practised in a range of areas and participated in some of Australia's most well known cases. Ray was Chair of the Victorian Bar in 2004 and 2005.
He has appeared in many major coronial investigations and Royal Commissions, including the Grand Prix death at Albert Park.
His wife, Mara, is also a Victorian barrister.

</doc>
<doc id="18699226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699226" title="Archipelago Republic Party">
Archipelago Republic Party

The Archipelago Republic Party () is a political party in Indonesia established in 2007. It contested the 2009 elections on a platform of simplification of the bureaucracy, reforms to education and prioritization of maritime development. However, it won only 0.6 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18699269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699269" title="Four Field Kono">
Four Field Kono

Four Field Kono is an abstract strategy game from Korea. Each player attempts to capture the other player's pieces by jumping over their own piece and landing on the other player's piece. The game not related or similar to another Korean game called Five Field Kono.
Although the game is often described as being medieval, this assertion does not seem to be backed by evidence. It has, however, been recorded being played from the late 19th century onwards.
Goal.
The goal of each player is to capture the other player's pieces and reduce it to one. This is because with only one piece, a player can no longer execute a capture. Another way to win is for a player to immobilize the other player's pieces so that they cannot move or capture.
Equipment.
The board is a 4x4 marble hole board. There are 16 marbles total of which 8 are black and 8 are white.
Gameplay and Rules.
1. Players decide what color marbles to play, and who goes first.
2. The board is completely filled with the 16 marbles in the beginning. Each player's marbles are set up on their half of the board.
3. Since the board is filled up in the beginning and hence no vacant holes, the first move by the first player will be a capturing move.
A capturing move requires a player's marble to jump over one of his "own" adjacent marbles orthogonally (not diagonally), and to land onto an enemy marble which is then removed from the board and replaced with the player's marble. Only one marble can be used to capture or move per turn. Multiple captures are not allowed. Once a marble has captured one enemy marble, the turn is completed. Captures are not compulsory.
4. A marble can move orthogonally (not diagonally) one space per turn onto a vacant hole.
5. Players alternate their turns throughout the game.

</doc>
<doc id="18699272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699272" title="Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1914–1917">
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly, 1914–1917

This is a list of members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly between the 1914 election and the 1917 election, together known as the Ninth Parliament. The re-election of Premier John Scaddan's Labor Government with a 26-24 majority in 1914 was tempered when, a year later, Labor member Joseph Gardiner's seat was declared vacant on account of his non-attendance and a Liberal was elected in his stead, and Labor became a minority government when on 18 December 1915, Edward Johnston resigned from the Labor Party and became an independent. On 27 July 1916, the Scaddan Ministry was defeated and the Liberals' Frank Wilson became the new Premier.
In March 1917, the Labor Party split ahead of the 1917 federal election. The federal party had split a year earlier over military conscription, and in Western Australia, where conscription was widely supported, all of the Labor Senators up for election had joined Billy Hughes's Nationalist Party. A number of state Labor members, including former Premier John Scaddan, either resigned from the Party or were expelled for supporting them. By May 1917, they had formed a new National Labor Party with a base in the Goldfields region, historically the heart of the Labor vote in Western Australia. In June 1917, they formed a coalition with the new Nationalist Party (which replaced the former Liberal Party) and the Country Party to form a governing coalition. With these arrangements, another Ministry was formed under new Premier Henry Lefroy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699282" title="MWA World Heavyweight Championship">
MWA World Heavyweight Championship

The MWA World Heavyweight Championship was a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship in the Kansas City, Kansas-based Midwest Wrestling Association (MWA). It was the direct predecessor of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) World Heavyweight Championship, and a successor of sorts to the early world heavyweight championships.
The title was created in 1940, and first held by Bobby Bruns that January.
The title lasted until the MWA joined the newly formed NWA in October 1948, with the MWA champion, Orville Brown, recognized as the first NWA World Heavyweight Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18699291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699291" title="Cheng Hao">
Cheng Hao

Chéng Hào (, 1032–1085), styled Bóchún (), was a neo-Confucian philosopher from Luoyang, China. In his youth, he and his younger brother Cheng Yi were students of Zhou Dunyi, one of the architects of Neo-Confucian cosmology. His philosophy was dualistic (between all that is tangible and all that is intangible) and pantheistic (believing that all that is intangible is the same thing, such as god, the human nature, feelings, actions (we see things acting, but not the action itself), movement (likewise), social roles and relations (likewise), chance, etc., and that such a unified, universal principle is in everything that is sensible than in an external reality as in Platonism); among his quotes are "outside "dao" there are no things and outside things there is no "dao"", "we call it god to emphasize the wonderful mystery of principle in ten thousand things, just as we call it lord ("di") to characterize its being the ruler of events" and "in terms of the reality, it is change; in terms of principle, it is "dao"; in terms of its function, it is god; in terms of its destiny in a human being, it is human nature".
Life.
Hao's grandfather was a county magistrate in Huangpi and died there while in that capacity. Hao's father Cheng Xiang () was still young at the time and was unable to return to Luoyang, so he was forced to grow up in Huangpi instead. He later became county magistrate (), at which time his two sons Hao and Yi were born. In 1057 Hao passed the Imperial examinations and became an entered scholar. He successively served as an administrative clerk in Hu County, Shaanxi, as an administrative clerk in Shangyuan County (an area now in Nanjing), as an administrative director in Zezhou, as well as a minister of ceremony, a Censor, a tax and tariff official, a ceremony minister to the military, and various other positions.
Cheng Hao and Cheng Yi were among the pioneers of Song Dynasty Neo-Confucianism, and they are often credited with its formal creation along with Zhu Xi and several other scholars. The two brothers were sometimes referred to as "The Two Chengs" (), or individually as "Cheng the Elder" () and "Cheng the Younger" (). They dealt extensively with cosmology in their studies, applying Neo-Confucian principles to their studies of celestial bodies. In particular, the brothers identified and applied the principle of Divine or Natural Order, called "li", to that of "Tian", the Heavens, as their original and guiding power. Hao established schools at Fugou and Songyang (in modern Dengfeng). Throughout his life he promoted the view that study and scholarship were means to making men sages, once writing: "The studies of a superior man must arrive at sagacity [sage-hood] and "then" upon his own intellect; in the case of not arriving at sage-hood but upon his own intellect, all is lost." Hao died in 1085 at the age of fifty-three.
Legacy.
Hao was known as an outgoing, laid-back, and lively man, in contrast to his stern and severe younger brother. As Neo-Confucianism's popularity grew throughout the early second millennium AD, the two Cheng brothers along with Zhou Dunyi, Zhang Zai, Shao Yong, and Sima Guang became known as "The Six Masters of Northern Song" for their philosophical contributions.
Hao also received several posthumous titles: in 1220 he was given the posthumous name "Lord of Purity" () by the emperor. In 1241 he was given the posthumous title of ""Bo" of Henan". In 1330, an imperial decree made Hao the posthumous "Lord of Yu Kingdom [Henan".

</doc>
<doc id="18699300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699300" title="Banana production in Ivory Coast">
Banana production in Ivory Coast

Banana production in Ivory Coast, as in most of Africa, is primarily for local consumption and consists of crops of dessert bananas and cooking bananas grown on open plantations and as intermittent crops from sea level to elevations of 2000 metres above sea level. West Africa is second to Central Africa in banana production in Africa and its use as a staple crop for local residents. Most of the banana crop in Central Africa is for local consumption, bananas being a major foodstuff in this area. Export banana crops are grown in West Africa, with Ivory Coast and Cameroon being the two African nations that do a sizable export business in bananas, exporting the fresh fruit to Europe. The soils, quantity and distribution of rainfall, and temperatures in equatorial West Africa produce combinations of suitable conditions for banana production.

</doc>
<doc id="18699321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699321" title="Harmukh">
Harmukh

Harmukh (also known as Mount Haramukh or Harmukh mountain) is a mountain with a peak elevation of , in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir. Harmukh is part of the Himalaya Range, and is located between Nallah Sindh in the south and Kishanganga Neelum River in the north, rising above Gangabal Lake in the vicinity of Kashmir valley. It is mostly climbed from the northwestern side of Arin Bandipore.
Religious beliefs.
Harmukh, with Gangbal Lake at its foot, is considered a sacred mountain by Hindus. According to Hindu mythology, Harmukh is the abode of Lord Shiva. According to the legend of "Hurmukhuk Gosoni"
Geographical setting.
Harmukh lies in the northwestern Himalayan Range. The Karakoram Range borders it on the north and the Kashmir Valley on the south. Melt waters from glaciers form Gangabal Lake which lies at its foot to the north east side and contribute significantly to the regional fresh-water supply, supporting irrigation through Nallah Sindh. This Himalayan Range lies along the southern edge of the Eurasian tectonic plate and is made up of ancient sedimentary rocks (more than 390 million years old). Those strata were folded and thrust-faulted, and granite masses were intruded, when the Indian plate collided with Eurasia, beginning more than 100 million years ago.
Harmukh means same on all sides. It is notable for its local relief as it is a consistently steep pyramid, dropping sharply to the east and south, with the eastern slope the steepest.
Climbing history.
Harmukh was first climbed by members of the Great Trigonometric Survey lead by Thomas Montgomerie in 1856. Montgomerie made the first survey of the Karakoram some to the north, and sketched the two most prominent peaks, labelling them K1 and K2.
Harmukh was later climbed by many other climbers.
The policy of the Great Trigonometric Survey was to use local names for mountains wherever possible and K1 was found to be known locally as Masherbrum. K2, however, appeared not to have acquired a local name, possibly due to its remoteness. The mountain is not visible from Askole, the last village to the south, or from the nearest habitation to the north, and is only fleetingly glimpsed from the end of the Baltoro Glacier, beyond which few local people would have ventured. Therefore, Harmukh is the mountain from which the world‘s 2nd highest mountain peak K2 was discovered and the name given it by the Survey, K2, continues to be used.
Climbing routes.
The easiest route among the different routes of Harmukh is via Arin Bandipore, 47 km motorable road from Srinagar to Arin and 18 kilometers of high altitude alpine tract leads to the base of Harmukh. Another track leads from Naranag to the base of Harmukh at Gangabal Lake, but it is a steep climb.

</doc>
<doc id="18699357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699357" title="Kangema Constituency">
Kangema Constituency

Kangema Constituency encompasses Kangema township which is the headquarters of the newly created Murang'a North District. Murang'a North is a heavily populated district of the Central Province and it covers a vast portion of the Aberdare Ranges. The economic mainstay for Kangema is agriculture, most of the land being under Tea, Coffee, wattle and subsistence food crops. There is vibrant trade of consumer goods in the township and the adjacent towns of Gakira, Gitugu, Kiairathe Kanyenya-ini and Rwathia.
Nascent industry includes milk, tea and coffee processing factories. The area is well served by transport and communication infrastructure.

</doc>
<doc id="18699358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699358" title="2008 Tanana Valley flood">
2008 Tanana Valley flood

The 2008 Tanana Valley flood or the 2008 Fairbanks flood was a flood in late July and early August 2008 that affected several rivers in the central portion of the American state of Alaska. The city of Fairbanks, Alaska saw high water levels, while the towns of Nenana, Salcha, and Old Minto received heavy damage. The Salcha River and Tanana River reached their second-highest levels since record-keeping began (the highest was during the 1967 Tanana Valley Flood), while the Chena River, which bisects Fairbanks, was kept below flood stage by the use of the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project.
Several hundred homes were inundated by the flood in Fairbanks, Salcha, unincorporated Fairbanks North Star Borough, Nenana, and smaller villages, but due to early warnings from the National Weather Service, volunteer fire departments, and the borough's emergency contact system, no one was injured. The area affected by the flood was declared a state disaster area, making residents whose homes were flooded eligible for state aid. The long-term effects of the flood, including its effect on the salmon spawning season, are as yet unknown.
Background.
The summer of 2008 was an unusually wet one for central Alaska. In June, the National Weather Service recorded of precipitation at the Fairbanks International Airport—the most in that month since June 1994, and above average. By July 27, 1.47 inches of rain had fallen in July. This was slightly below the average for the month at that time (1.49 inches), but the year-to-date rainfall total was still one and two-thirds inches above normal. The next day, July 28, 1.14 inches of rain fell in Fairbanks, setting a single-day Fairbanks rainfall total for that date, with heavier amounts measured east of the town. Scattered locations between Salcha and Delta Junction received up to four inches of precipitation. On the 29th, another 0.77 inches of rain fell in Fairbanks—another record for the date—and again, locations outside of the town received greater amounts. Just 0.14 inches of rain fell on the 30th, but on the 31st, 0.6 inches fell. This amount was not a record for the date, but it brought the overall rainfall total in Fairbanks for the month of July to 4.12 inches—more than double the normal average of of rain. At Eielson Air Force Base, which lies to the southwest of Fairbanks, 7.30 inches of rain were recorded as having fallen in July, making it the rainiest July ever recorded and the second-rainiest month ever recorded at the base. Though more rain fell on August 1 and afterward, the Tanana, Salcha, and Chena rivers had already crested.
Flood.
Salcha.
By the evening of July 28, the record-breaking rainfall that had fallen to that point caused the National Weather Service to issue a flood warning for the tributaries of the Tanana River east of Fairbanks. On the 29th, the continued rain forced the expansion of the flood warning to cover the entire Tanana and Salcha River basins between Salcha and Nenana, a stretch of land long. The rising Salcha River forced home evacuations on the 29th and caused the Old Richardson Highway to be closed in several locations as the Salcha overflowed its banks and covered the road near the town of Salcha. An emergency shelter was set up to handle refugees from the Salcha River's flooding, and forecasters predicted the river would continue to rise.
On the 30th, the Salcha River crested at 16.8 feet—almost three feet above flood stage—where it crosses the Richardson Highway. This was the sixth-highest crest since measurements began in the first half of the 20th century. The last time the river reached that height was October 15, 2000, when the river crested at . More than 100 homes were at least partially underwater, and nearly two dozen Salcha town residents took advantage of the emergency shelter that had been set up at Salcha Elementary School the day before.
High water remained in Salcha through the 31st, though the crest of the flooding had passed. Water continued to cover roads in and around Salcha, and water-borne debris accumulated under several local bridges, causing impromptu dams. By August 1, the Salcha River had begun to recede to a noticeable extent. Though some roads remained underwater and falling trees knocked out power to areas of the town, residents began to pump out basements and begin recovery efforts. By early afternoon on the first, the Old Richardson Highway had been cleared of water and the National Weather Service canceled its flood warning for the Salcha area.
Fairbanks.
The first effects of the flood began to be felt in Fairbanks late on the 29th, as the Tanana River overflowed its banks and covered low-lying areas of South Fairbanks. Thought was given on that date to closing the floodgates of the Moose Creek Dam, located on the Chena River as part of the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project, but the Chena's rise was not as rapid as that of the Tanana, which lies to the south of the town, and no action was taken on the 29th. Engineers also considered lowering the gates on the 30th, but the flow of the Chena River had not reached a level where computer models mandated the closing of the gates to protect Fairbanks.
The Tanana River, which is not controlled by the flood project, meanwhile reached a crest of 26.60 feet at Fairbanks on the 30th. This amount was more than two feet above flood stage and was the highest level seen since August 1967, when the river crested at during the great 1967 Fairbanks flood. The height of the water caused flooding in the Rosie Creek and Chena Pump neighborhoods west of Fairbanks, and caused some residents to evacuate. Residents who remained were placed under a boil-water order for fear that floodwater had contaminated the public drinking water system. In response to the continuing spread of the flood, Fairbanks and Fairbanks North Star Borough authorities opened an emergency operations center to handle the response to the flood and answer residents' questions. Residents of the Rosie Creek neighborhood were awakened in the early morning hours of the 31st by borough warnings and volunteer firefighters, who instructed them to evacuate. High water had surrounded the residents' homes, causing many to flee to a shelter set up at a nearby elementary school. No residents were injured in the evacuation, something many of them credited to prompt and efficient warnings. The continued high water of the Tanana River caused overflow to flood into the nearby Chena, normally a tributary of the Tanana. Despite that unusual flow, engineers at the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project decided not to close the project's floodgates, forecasting that the Chena would not rise above flood stage, even with the increased flow.
By the morning of August 1, the Tanana River had begun to fall in Fairbanks, just as the Salcha River had begun to recede in Salcha. Though isolated roads continued to wash out from heavy water flow and residents were not allowed to return to their homes, the water level of the river continued to fall. Due to this fact, the opening of Fairbanks' Tanana Valley Fair—scheduled for August 1—was not delayed. Despite the falling water level in the Tanana, the Chena River continued to rise due to the differing water levels in the two rivers. This fact caused the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to close the floodgates of the Chena River Lakes Flood Control Project at 3:30 a.m. on August 1. They remained closed throughout the day before being reopened at 5:30 a.m. on August 2.
Nenana.
Though Nenana also received heavy rain from the storm system that began the flood, its position further downstream on the Tanana River meant that it did not receive the first effects of the flood until the 30th, when Alaska Railroad officials suspended operations south of Nenana due to track damage caused by rising water.
On July 31, the Tanana River began to overflow its banks in Nenana. Water flooded the rails of the Alaska Railroad in town, caused an evacuation of the town's clinic, and flooded low-lying areas throughout the town. By August 1, the entire town was at least partially flooded, with most basements and other low-lying areas being completely filled by floodwater. The flooding of the Alaska Railroad track in town forced a halt to all passenger and freight operations between Anchorage and Fairbanks, effectively cutting off Fairbanks from rail traffic.
On August 2, the Tanana River at Nenana crested at 14.64 feet. This total was more than four feet above flood stage and was the third-highest water level ever recorded, falling short of a 15.9-foot mark in 1948 and the record 18.9-foot mark recorded during the flood of 1967. The town shipyard was submerged under three feet of water, and the town's clinic was moved from its interim location in the fire station to the town airport after floodwater threatened the station. Town leaders encouraged residents to evacuate to higher ground until the flood receded. Nenana High School was saved from flooding by just eight inches of elevation. Water lapped around the school's base, but did not enter the school itself due to that small margin. High water lingered in the town until August 3, when a National Weather Service forecaster felt confident enough to say, "The worst is over."
Aftermath.
On the morning of August 1, the mayor of the Fairbanks North Star Borough, Jim Whitaker, issued a disaster declaration for the drainage area of the Tanana River. In the declaration, he appealed for help from state and federal governments in the recovery process, saying, "substantial damage is occurring due to high water and river current on the Tanana River, the Salcha River and the Chena River, resulting in damage to over 500 private residences with an estimated 1,000 inhabitants and to the road networks" maintained by the borough and the state. The next day, the Alaska commissioner of military and veterans affairs and the state director of homeland security and emergency management toured the flooded areas by helicopter. On August 4, Alaska governor Sarah Palin visited Fairbanks to officially sign the disaster declaration and tour the flooded area. By the middle of August, the total damage from the flooding was estimated to be more than $10 million. In late September, President Bush approved a federal disaster declaration for the affected area, allowing federal aid to be spent on reconstruction efforts for damaged homes and buildings.
Some Alaska subsistence fishermen feared the floods could exacerbate an already poor salmon fishing season by disrupting the spawning season for king salmon.

</doc>
<doc id="18699379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699379" title="Elsa Merlini">
Elsa Merlini

Elsa Merlini (26 July 1903 – 22 February 1983), was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 29 films between 1931 and 1976. She was born in Trieste, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699383" title="William A. Beardslee">
William A. Beardslee

William A. Beardslee (March 25, 1916 – January 25, 2001) was a professional theologian who made major contributions to the New Revised Standard Version of the Bible. He was professor of religion at Emory University until his retirement in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18699392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699392" title="David Nevins, Jr.">
David Nevins, Jr.

David C. Nevins, Jr. (July 30, 1839 in Boston, Massachusetts – August 24, 1898 in Germany) was a wealthy Yankee merchant in the city of Methuen, Massachusetts during the industrial boom of the late 19th century.
Life.
Nevins was the son of David Nevins, Sr. who was born in Salem, New Hampshire on December 12, 1809 to John Nevins and Achsah Nevins née Swan Nevins. David Jr.'s mother was Eliza Nevins née Eliza Coffin, the daughter of a wealthy merchant from the island of Nantucket named Jared Coffin. David Sr., who built his personal wealth through importing and manufacturing textiles, gained notoriety as the co-owner of Pemberton Mill, the collapse of which in 1860 "is likely the worst industrial accident in Massachusetts history" and "one of the worst industrial calamities in American history".
David Jr. was educated in Boston and in Paris. Upon completing his education, he joined his father's business and took on ever-increasing responsibilities as his father aged. For a time he managed the City Exchange Banking Company, a financial institution with offices in Boston that was eventually merged with the Nevins' other businesses. The "Methuen Duck Cloth" the Nevins manufactured was world renowned as a material for sail cloth and tents for the tropics.
After David Sr.'s death in 1881, the family's wealth was such that his widow Eliza, his eldest son David C, Nevins, and his younger son Henry Coffin Nevins were able to erect the Nevins Memorial Library in his honor. David, Sr. and Eliza are buried on the library grounds beneath a memorial "Angel of Life" sculptured by George Moretti.
Nevins, partnered with younger brother Henry, expanded the manufacturing and importing businesses they had inherited. He built textile mills and owned India Bagging Company and Bengal Bagging Company in Salem, Massachusetts, continued importing goods from Asia, and helped give the city of Methuen "much of its
unique identity."
Legacy.
David and his wife Harriet F. Nevins (née Harriet F. Blackburn) had no children, but after his death she used his fortune to leave a legacy for the public that includes Nevins Farm and Equine Center in Methuen as well as Blackburn Hall and a stone fountain in Walpole, Massachusetts. As a memorial dedicated to her husband in the nave of the local Congregationalist Church she dedicated "The Resurrection", a stained glass window designed by John LaFarge and "said to be his masterpiece."
David C. Nevins' surname (as well as that of fellow "Methuen city fathers" Edward F. Searles and Charles H. Tenney) appears in the name of the "Searles Tenney Nevins Historic District" established by the City of Methuen in 1992 to preserve the "distinctive architecture and rich character of one of Massachusetts’ most unique neighborhoods". According to the City of Methuen:
Today, the trio’s collective vision can be seen in mills, housing, schools, mansions, churches, monuments, playgrounds, the library, and the architectural fantasies that resulted from their artistic rivalry. The historic district boundaries were established to include properties and buildings constructed or used by the Searles, Tenney and Nevins families and the people who worked for them.
According to a description by the Essex National Heritage Area, the district:
...reflects the major influences that shaped Methuen's architecture and economy. The Spicket River provided water power for the local industry housed in large brick mills along the river. Corresponding commercial growth resulted in Gaunt Square, which has been the commercial center of Methuen since the mid-19th century. In addition to economic forces, three individuals, David Nevins, Charles H. Tenney and Edward F. Searles, left an architectural legacy which defines the district's character today.
A short distance from above-mentioned Nevins Memorial Library is the Henry C. Nevins Home for Aged and Incurables, an old age home established in 1906 and named for his brother. According to one author, "The public spirit and generosity of the Nevins family seems to have no bounds in the town in which they made their home".
Notes.
According to a 4 August 2008 communication from Sharon Morley, Reference Librarian at Nevins Memorial Library:
David Nevins Sr. was born in Salem NH on December 12, 1839 To John
and Achsah Swan Nevins. When he reached 21, he moved to New Bedford
and sold supplies to the crews of the whaling vessels. In 1818,
Nevins married Eliza Coffin. She was the daughter wealthy ship
merchant Jared Coffin of Nantucket.
Nevins later went in to business importing cloth. In 1842,
protective taxes began hurting the textile importing business, so
Nevins switched to manufacturing textiles instead. In 1859, he
purchased the ill-fated Pemberton Mill, and in 1864, he purchased
the Methuen Cotton Company on the Spicket River.
Mr. & Mrs. David Nevins Sr. and their two sons returned to the
Methuen area in the early to mid 1860's. David Sr. Died in 1881 at
the age of 72. His wife and sons had the Nevins Memorial Library
built as a memorial to him.
David Nevin's sons, David Jr. and Henry Coffin Nevins took over the
manufacturing businesses when their father Died.
David Jr. born JULY 30, 1839 ran the textile mills which by that
time included India Bagging Company and Bengal Bagging Company in
Salem, MA.
Henry c. born on January 10, 1843 became the agent of the family's
textile brokerage firm called Nevins and Company.
Not only did the company sell the cloth from the Nevins' family
mills, but by this time it was importing textiles from abroad.
David Jr. Died in 1898 and Henry in 1892.
David Nevins Sr. born December 12, 1809–died March 19, 1881
Eliza Coffin Nevins born June 1, 1817 – died December 30, 1895
David Nevins Jr. born July 30, 1839 – died August 24, 1898
Henry Coffin Nevins born January 10, 1843–died June 25, 1892

</doc>
<doc id="18699399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699399" title="LAMOST">
LAMOST

The Large Sky Area Multi-Object Fibre Spectroscopic Telescope (LAMOST), also known as the Guo Shoujing Telescope after the 13th-century Chinese astronomer, is a meridian reflecting Schmidt telescope, located in Xinglong Station, Hebei Province, China. Undertaken by the Chinese Academy of Science, the telescope is planned to conduct a 5-year spectroscopic survey of 10 million Milky Way stars, as well as millions of galaxies. The project’s budget is RMB 235 million yuan.
Optics.
The optics of LAMOST comprise two roughly rectangular mirrors, each made up of a number of 1.1-metre hexagonal deformable segments, providing a focal plane 1.75 metres in diameter corresponding to a five-degree field of view. This focal plane is tiled with fibre-positioning units, attached to 4000 fibres which transfer light to sixteen spectrographs below. The larger spherical mirror MB (37 segments, fitting in a 6.67m x 6.09m rectangle) is located at an angle in a large slanted tunnel attached to a tower; the smaller corrector mirror MA (24 segments, fitting in a 5.72m x 4.4m rectangle) is in a dome at ground level. Looking at the image opposite, MB is at the top of the left-hand supporting column of the tower, MA is in the left of the two domes at the right of the image (the rightmost, grey dome is an unrelated telescope), and the spectrographs are inside the right-hand column of the tower.
Each spectrograph has two 4k x 4k CCD cameras, using e2v CCD chips, with 'blue' (370-590 nm) and 'red' (570-900 nm) sides; the telescope can also be used in a higher spectral resolution mode where the range is 510-540 and 830-890 nm.
Using active optics technique to control its reflecting corrector makes it a unique astronomical instrument in combining large aperture with wide field of view. The available large focal plane may accommodate up to thousands of fibers, by which the collected light of distant and faint celestial objects down to 20.5 magnitude is fed into the spectrographs, promising a very high spectrum acquiring rate of ten-thousands of spectra per night.
Scientific goals.
The telescope is to conduct a wide-field survey, called the "LAMOST Experiment for Galactic Understanding and Evolution," or LEGUE. Particular scientific goals of the LAMOST include:
It is also hoped that the vast volume of data produced will lead to additional serendipitous discoveries. Early commissioning observations have been able to confirm spectroscopically a new method of identifying quasars based on their infrared color. An overarching goal of the telescope is to bring Chinese astronomy into the 21st century, taking a leading role in wide-field spectroscopy and in the fields of large-scale and large-sample astronomy and astrophysics.
Early results.
A 2011 conference presentation suggests that there was initially a problem with accuracy of the fibre positioners causing poor throughput, but that this was rectified by adding an additional calibration stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18699419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699419" title="Anzen Station">
Anzen Station

Lines.
Anzen Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is 3.5 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. 
Station layout.
Anzen Station has an island platform serving two tracks. 
History.
Anzen Station was opened on March 10, 1926 as on the privately held initially for freight operations only. A station for passenger services named was opened on October 28, 1930 adjacent to the freight station. The Tsurumi Rinkō line was nationalized on July 1, 1943 at which time the two stations were unified under its present name, and was later absorbed into the Japan National Railways (JNR) network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the JNR on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699437" title="Antonio Gandusio">
Antonio Gandusio

Antonio Gandusio (29 July 1875 – 23 May 1951) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 34 films between 1914 and 1948.
He was born in Rovigno, (today Croatia) and died in Milan, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699440" title="Seamus Casey">
Seamus Casey

Seamus Casey (born 1972) is an actor who was born in Dungannon, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.
He studied acting at Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama and is known for roles in "Silent Witness", "The Chosen" (RTE) and "Titanic - Birth of a Legend".

</doc>
<doc id="18699444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699444" title="IP header">
IP header

IP header may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18699454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699454" title="Marcel Bourbonnais">
Marcel Bourbonnais

Marcel Bourbonnais (born February 27, 1918 in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada - died October 14, 1996) was a Canadian politician, draftsman, engineer, foreman and technician. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in 1958 as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party to represent the riding of Vaudreuil—Soulanges. He was re-elected in 1962 and defeated in the elections of 1957, 1963 and 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="18699463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699463" title="Harriet Nevins">
Harriet Nevins

Harriet Francoeur Nevins née Blackburn, (1841–1929) (her name also appears in print as "Harriette"), was an American philanthropist and animal rights activist born in Roxbury, Massachusetts. Widow of David Nevins, Jr., she used her inheritance to leave a legacy to the people of the Bay State. She died November 14, 1929 at her home in Methuen, Massachusetts.
Nevins Family.
Unfortunately none of their children survived to adulthood, but the couple did act as a guardian to a boy named Hiram Appleman, who later became a minister and adopted a young girl; Elise Nevins would later marry William Finley Morgan of Boston and go on to author books of a religious nature.
In 1894 David Nevins, Jr. built an elegant colonial revival shingle–style home on Nantucket for their summer retreat.
David Nevins, Sr. passed away in 1881, and in 1890 Harriet and David, Jr. moved to Boston to live with his mother, Eliza. For five years, the couple took care of Eliza in her Beacon Street home, but in 1895 the 78 year-old matron died. Three years later in 1898 David Jr. died while on a trip to Europe, leaving a 57 year-old Harriet a wealthy widow. Shortly afterward Harriet moved to the family farm in Methuen, which sister-in-law Julia had left after her husband Henry Nevin’s death in 1892.
. Nevins spent the next thirty years socially active and involved with many organizations, donating to worthy causes such as the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the Boston Children's Mission and the International Association of Rebekah Assemblies (female branch of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows).
On November 14, 1929, at 88 Harriet died quietly at her home in Methuen, Massachusetts, after a lengthy illness, the last twelve months almost entirely at her estate. It is said her death was hastened by that of her beloved chauffeur John G Kilmurray who was struck by a drunk driver on Christmas eve of 1928 while delivering Mrs. Nevins' Yuletide remembrances.
In her will, Mrs. Nevins left money to all her favorite organizations, including the Animal League of Boston, the Red Acre Farm of Stow, and the Ladies Union Charitable Society which operated the Lawrence General Hospital. She also left $2,500 to both towns of Methuen and Walpole to fund the construction of fountains for horses and dogs; the bowl of the Methuen fountain remains in the Methuen Square and is used as a planter and the Walpole fountain is now dry but still stands on School Street opposite the old Stone School (now Walpole Town Hall).
Massachusetts Society for the Protection of Animals.
Horse Ambulance.
Long active with the Massachusetts Society for the Protection of Animals, in 1916 Mrs. Nevins commissioned and donated a specially designed motorized horse ambulance. Built at the Garford Truck factory and designed by the Monahan Vehicle Company, Providence, R. I., Mrs Nevins commissioned it when after "witnessing the removal of an injured horse in one of the society’s horse-drawn ambulances decided that a more effective method of transferring injured equines might be perfected." Constructed on a Garford one-ton-truck chassis, it had a four-cylinder engine, pneumatic front tires and solid rear tires, as well as headlamps and adjustable lamps of the type found on fire engines. The cab was fitted with a glass windshield and side curtains completely enclosing the driver. The ambulance was a trailer with floor inclined towards the rear, allowing the entrance to be near to the ground, with the loading gate forming a ramp. The body was equipped with top and side curtains to give protection from bad weather. The cost is estimated to have been about $5,000.
Nevins Farm.
In 1917, Harriet Nevins donated the rolling pastures of her farm to the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals so that it could be used as a rest home for horses and other unwanted or abandoned animals. The donation was accompanied by a $5,000 bequest toward building construction and the purchase of necessary farm implements and machinery.
First known as "The Rest Home", the property was used for retired police horses and for other horses who worked on the then-cobblestone streets of Boston. Arrangements made with horse owners allowed horses that were still working animals to spend time grazing and relaxing in the pastures. A common agreement was one in which horses would rotate between spending a month on the farm and a month in Boston working.
Now known as Nevins Farm and Equine Center, the farm is still operated by the MSPCA-Angell and is the only open-door horse and farm animal rescue center in New England. Part of the property is devoted to the Hillside Acre Animal Cemetery, a pet cemetery of landscaped hillside surround by a tall iron fence.
Nevins Memorial Library.
The Nevins Memorial Library was built in 1883 as gift from the Nevins family to the City of Methuen to honor David Nevins, Sr., Harriet Nevins' father-in-law. 
For many years Mrs. Nevins was the chairman of the Library's Board of Trustees, repeatedly giving gifts of funds to expand the collection. 
From 1908's "Genealogical and Personal Memoirs Relating to the Families of Boston and Eastern Massachusetts":Mrs. David Nevins, Jr., now the only surviving member of the family, has been especially generous in gifts of books, paintings, statuary and various specimens of the fine arts. Although the endowment of the library is sufficient for its maintenance without the aid of public funds, Mrs. Nevins has increased its value and usefulness by her contributions. The public spirit and generosity of the Nevins family seems to have no bounds in the town in which they made their home.
In 1917 Mrs. Nevins purchased the house next to the library at 299 Broadway which had been assessed at $500; she transferred the house and land to the Nevins Memorial Library the following year. The house became for many years the home of the Methuen Historical Commission. The original building was razed in 1999 and the historical collection moved to the basement of the Masonic Lodge for storage until a more permanent facility can be located.
The Nevins Memorial Library was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. The library is the custodian of the Nevins Memorial Library Historic Collection, much of which is in storage and for which viewing appointments should be made. The collection includes manuscripts and printed materials, family history resources, vital records, assorted "objets d'art" and collectables, life-sized portraits of Nevins family members, and the stained-glass windows of the library itself.
Blackburn Hall.
In her 1929 will, Mrs. Nevins donated $50,000 for the erection of a public building in Walpole, Massachusetts as a memorial to her parents, as her father had once lived and done business in Walpole. Blackburn Memorial Building (more commonly known as "Blackburn Hall") was designed by the architectural firm of Putnam & Cox Company of Boston, built by the F.J. Tetreault Company of Walpole, and dedicated in 1932. The red brick building, which features a neo-classical façade with whitewashed columns, is still owned by the Town of Walpole and is used for a variety of activities throughout the year including children's theater productions.

</doc>
<doc id="18699467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699467" title="Ōkawa Station">
Ōkawa Station

Lines.
Ōkawa Station is the terminus of the Ōkawa branch of the Tsurumi Line, and is 5.1 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station.
Station layout.
Ōkawa Station has a single side platform for both inbound and outbound trains.
History.
Ōkawa Station was opened on July 20, 1924 as a station on the privately held initially for freight operations only. Passenger services were started from October 28, 1930. The line was nationalized on July 1, 1943, and was later absorbed into the Japan National Railway (JNR) network. The station has been unattended since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699474" title="Faujasite">
Faujasite

Faujasite is a mineral group in the zeolite family of silicate minerals. The group consists of faujasite-Na, faujasite-Mg and faujasite-Ca. They all share the same basic formula: (Na2,Ca,Mg)3.5by varying the amounts of sodium, magnesium and calcium. It occurs as a rare mineral in several locations worldwide and is also synthesized industrially.
Discovery and occurrence.
Faujasite was first described in 1842 for an occurrence in the Limberg Quarries, Sasbach, Kaiserstuhl, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The sodium modifier faujasite(Na) was added following the discovery of the magnesium and calcium rich phases in the 1990s. It was named for Barthélemy Faujas de Saint-Fond (1741-1819), French geologist and volcanologist.
Faujasite occurs in vesicles within basalt and phonolite lava and tuff as an alteration or authigenic mineral. It occurs with other zeolites, olivine, augite and nepheline.
Structure.
The faujasite framework consists of sodalite cages which are connected through hexagonal prisms. The pores are arranged perpendicular to each other. The pore, which is formed by a 12-membered ring, has a relatively large diameter of 7.4 Å. The inner cavity has a diameter of 12 Å and is surrounded by 10 sodalite cages. The unit cell is cubic; Pearson symbol cF576, symmetry Fd3m, No.227, lattice constant 24.7 Å. Zeolite Y has a void fraction of 48% and a Si/Al ratio of 2.43. It thermally decomposes at 793 °C.
Synthesis.
Faujasite is synthesized, as are other zeolites, from alumina sources such as sodium aluminate and silica sources such as sodium silicate. Other alumosilicates such as kaolin are used as well. The ingredients are dissolved in a basic environment such as sodium hydroxide aqueous solution and crystallized at 70 to 300 °C (usually at 100 °C). After crystallization the faujasite is in its sodium form and must be ion exchanged with ammonium to improve stability. The ammonium ion is removed later by calcination which renders the zeolite in its acid form. Depending on the silica-to-alumina ratio of their framework, synthetic faujasite zeolites are divided into X and Y zeolites. In X zeolites that ratio is between 2 and 3, while in Y zeolites it is 3 or higher. The negative charges of the framework are balanced by the positive charges of cations in non-framework positions. Such zeolites have ion-exchange, catalytic and adsorptive properties. The stability of the zeolite increases with the silica-to-alumina ratio of the framework. It is also affected by the type and amount of cations located in non-framework positions. For catalytic cracking, the Y zeolite is often used in a rare earth-hydrogen exchanged form.
By using thermal, hydrothermal or chemical methods, some of the alumina can be removed from the Y zeolite framework, resulting in high-silica Y zeolites. Such zeolites are used in cracking and hydrocracking catalysts. Complete dealumination results in faujasite-silica.
Use.
Faujasite is used above all as a catalyst in fluid catalytic cracking to convert high-boiling fractions of petroleum crude to more valuable gasoline, diesel and other products. Zeolite Y has superseded zeolite X in this use because it is both more active and more stable at high temperatures due to the higher Si/Al ratio. It is also used in the hydrocracking units as a platinum/palladium support to increase aromatic content of reformulated refinery products.
Type X zeolite can be used to selectively adsorb CO2 from gas streams and is used in the prepurification of air for industrial air separation.

</doc>
<doc id="18699483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699483" title="Pina Renzi">
Pina Renzi

Pina Renzi (16 December 1901 – 13 July 1984) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 56 films between 1933 and 1959. She also directed one film, "Cercasi bionda bella presenza", in 1942.
She was born in Ligi di Morciano, Italy and died in Riccione, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699484" title="Felipe Muñoz">
Felipe Muñoz

Felipe Muñoz Kapamas (born February 3, 1951 in Mexico City, Mexico) is an Olympic champion breaststroke swimmer from Mexico, and as of 2008, is the President of the Mexican Olympic Committee. Muñoz swam for Mexico at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. 
At the 1968 Olympics, he won the Men's 200m Breaststroke in front of a wildly cheering crowd.
Muñoz is of Greek descent on his mother's side.
His nickname is "el tibio", which means "lukewarm" in Spanish. It was coined because Felipe's father is from Aguascalientes, meaning "hot waters", and his mother is from the town of Río Frío (Estado de Mexico), meaning "cold river". He also had the odd habit of refusing to swim in an unheated pool.

</doc>
<doc id="18699496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699496" title="Kandanissery">
Kandanissery

Kandanissery is a small village in the Indian state of Kerala.
'Guruvayur' a well known Hindu pilgrimage centre is very near to Kandanissery. 
There is no idea about the origin of name 'Kandanissery'.
Human settlement began in this area around bc 1000. The very fertile soil and plenty of water attracted human settlement. Paddy and Coconut were main crops.
We can see the remains of Jaina and Brahmin settlement here. Small caves known as 'munimada' still intact, kudakkallu an old burial site is in the border of kandnaissery. Some old temples are clear evidence of Brahmin settlement. In distant past small group of Brahmins dominate over Ezhavas by political power and money. By some unknown reason's a type of revolution began in ezhava community and it leads to the crush of the Brahmin settlement. This is a real setback to Brahmins, they are refugee's in their own land.They pass some of their properties and Goddess to a Nair family. Thus the ownership of 40%land goes to the hand of Nair family. At that time some ezhava families possess huge area of land.It is a very rare case not seen in any part of Kerala. Some other families possess land by giving rent to the chiralayam raja family and choondakathu othalur mana. After the retreat of Brahmin's some ezhava families became exploiters of poor peasant's. It end after the Indian independence, by the bill of 'land reform' by the communist government in Kerala headed by E.M. Sankaran Nambudirippad.

</doc>
<doc id="18699502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699502" title="Regional Unity Party">
Regional Unity Party

The Regional Unity Party () is a political party in Indonesia. The party was founded as a result of the reforms to the People's Consultative Assembly, Indonesia's supreme law-making body which used to consist of the elected People's Representative Council plus members appointed from the regions and functional groups. When these unelected members were removed in 1999 after the first democratic elections following the fall of Suharto, several regional representatives' led by Oesman Sapta, tried to reestablish the Regional Representatives Faction. The members of this faction took the view that the elected Regional Representatives Council, which replaced the unelected members of the People's Consultative Assembly, would not be effective as it was too small. They therefore decided to establish a political party to represent the interests of the regions.
In the 2004 legislative elections, the party won 0.6% of the popular vote and no seats in the People's Representative Council. It contested the 2009 elections, but won only 0.53 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, and once again was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
The party supports free education and healthcare and wants to see corruption eradicated, particularly in Papua, Kalimantan and Sulawesi.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the PPD was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
Aceh 0.9%
North Sumatra 0.5%
West Sumatra 0.7%
Bengkulu 1.0%
Riau 0.6%
Banten 0.9%
West Kalimantan 3.4%
Central Kalimantan 0.9%
South Kalimantan 0.5%
East Kalimantan 1.1%
West Nusa Tenggara 1.1%
East Nusa Tenggara 1.1%
West Sulawesi 1.5%
North Sulawesi 1.0%
South Sulawesi 0.8%
South East Sulawesi 1.1%
Maluku 0.6%
North Maluku 5.7%
West Papua 0.6%
Papua 0.7%

</doc>
<doc id="18699503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699503" title="Railway stations in Nigeria">
Railway stations in Nigeria

Railway stations in Nigeria include:
Cities served by rail.
The East (E) and West (W) lines are connected.
Central Line 1435mm.
This line is isolated from the East and West lines.
Metro.
A metro line is proposed for the MegaCity of Lagos. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699505" title="Elena Altieri">
Elena Altieri

Elena Altieri (born Elena Capucci) (7 July 1910 – 1997) was an Italian film actress. She appeared in 27 films between 1937 and 1955. She was born in Stresa Borromeo, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699513" title="2008 Brands Hatch Superbike World Championship round">
2008 Brands Hatch Superbike World Championship round

The 2008 Brands Hatch Superbike World Championship round was the tenth round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship season. It took place on the weekend of August 1-3, 2008, at the Brands Hatch circuit. The round was marred by the death of Craig Jones during the Supersport race.

</doc>
<doc id="18699520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699520" title="Jonathan Walker">
Jonathan Walker

Jonathan Walker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18699523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699523" title="List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 1 of 4">
List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 1 of 4


</doc>
<doc id="18699529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699529" title="Scone, Scotland">
Scone, Scotland

Scone () (, ) is a village in Perth and Kinross, Scotland. The medieval village of Scone, which grew up around the monastery and royal residence, was abandoned in the early 19th century when the residents were removed and a new palace was built on the site by the Earl of Mansfield. Hence the modern village of Scone, and the medieval village of Old Scone, can often be distinguished.
Both sites lie in the historical province of Gowrie. Old Scone was the historic capital of the Kingdom of Alba (Scotland). In the Middle Ages it was an important royal centre, used as a royal residence and as the coronation site of the kingdom's monarchs. Around the royal site grew the town of Perth and the Abbey of Scone.
Scone and Scotland.
In Gaelic poetry Scone's association with kings and king-making gave it various poetic epithets, for instance, "Scoine sciath-airde", "Scone of the high shields", and ', "Scone of the noisy shields". Scotland itself was often called the "Kingdom of Scone", '. A comparison would be that Ireland was often called the "Kingdom of Tara", Tara, like Scone, serving as a ceremonial inauguration site. Scone was therefore the closest thing the Kingdom of Scotland had in its earliest years to a "capital". In either 1163 or 1164 King Malcolm IV described Scone Abbey as "", "in the principal seat of our kingdom". By this point, however, the rule of the King of the Scots was not confined to the Kingdom of Scotland, which then only referred to Scotland north of the river Forth. The king also ruled in Lothian, Strathclyde and the Honour of Huntingdon, and spent much of his time in these localities too. Moreover, the king was itinerant and had little permanent bureaucracy, so that any idea that Scone was a "capital" in the way the word is used today can make very little sense in this period; but in the medieval sense Scone can in many ways be called the "capital of Scotland".
In the twelfth century, various foreign influences prompted the Scottish kings to transform Scone into a more convincing royal centre. A village was established there, perhaps in the reign of Alexander I of Scotland. In 1124 the latter wrote to "all merchants of England" (') promising them protection if they are to bring goods to Scone by sea. Scone however did not lie on a navigable part of the river, and it was at the nearest suitable location, i.e. Perth, that the new burgh which certainly existed in the reign of David I of Scotland was built. Perth lies a mile from the site of medieval Scone, which is similar to the distance of Westminster Abbey from the City of London – . King Alexander I also established an Augustinian priory at Scone, sometime between 1114 and 1122. In either 1163 or 1164, in the reign of King Máel Coluim IV, Scone Priory's status was increased and it became an abbey. The abbey had important royal functions, being next to the coronation site of Scottish kings and housing the coronation stone (until it was taken away by King Edward I of England). Like other Scottish abbeys, Scone probably doubled up as a royal residence or palace. Scone abbey's obvious function was like the role that Westminster Abbey had for the Kings of England, although by the time records are clear, it appears that Scotland's Norman kings were crowned on Moot Hill (the coronation mound) rather than inside the abbey. This can be attributed, as Thomas Owen Clancy points out, to the importance in Gaelic tradition of swearing the inauguration oath ', on the traditional mound, the importance of which continental fashions were apparently unable to overcome. However, the parallel with Westminster certainly existed in the mind of Edward I, who in 1297 transferred the Abbey's coronation relics, the crown, sceptre and the stone, to Westminster in a formal presentation to the English royal saint, Edward the Confessor.
Traditional coronation site.
Like Tara, Scone would have been associated with some of the traditions and rituals of native kingship, what D. A. Binchy describes as "an archaic fertility rite of a type associated with primitive kingship the world over". Certainly, if Scone was not associated with this kind of thing in Pictish times, the Scottish kings of later years made an effort do so. By the thirteenth century at the latest there was a tradition that Scone's famous inauguration stone, the Stone of Scone, had originally been placed at Tara by Simón Brecc, and only taken to Scone later by his descendent Fergus mac Ferchair when the latter conquered Alba (Scotland). Indeed, the prominence of such a coronation stone associated with an archaic inauguration site was something Scone shared with many like sites in medieval Ireland, not just Tara. Such "unchristian" rites would become infamous in the emerging world of Scotland's Anglo-French neighbours in the twelfth century ".
Scone's role therefore came under threat as Scotland's twelfth century kings gradually became more French and less Gaelic. Walter of Coventry reported in the reign of William I of Scotland that "The modern kings of Scotland count themselves as Frenchmen, in race, manners, language and culture; they keep only Frenchmen in their household and following, and have reduced the Scots to utter servitude." Though exaggerated, there was truth in this. Apparently for this reason, when the Normanized David I of Scotland ("") went to Scone to be crowned there in the summer of 1124, he initially refused to take part in the ceremonies. According to Ailred of Rievaulx, friend and one time member of David's court, David "so abhorred those acts of homage which are offered by the Scottish nation in the manner of their fathers upon the recent promotion of their kings, that he was with difficulty compelled by the bishops to receive them". Inevitably then this was bound to have an impact on the significance of Scone as a ritual and cult centre, yet the inauguration ceremony was preserved with only some innovation through the thirteenth century and Scottish kings continued to be crowned there until 1651, when Charles II became the last King of Scotland to have a coronation there (see List of Scottish monarchs). Moreover, until the later Middle Ages kings continued to reside there, and parliaments, often some of the most importance parliaments in Scottish history, frequently met there too.
Later history.
Although Scone retained its role in royal inaugurations, Scone's role as effective "capital" declined in the later Middle Ages. The abbey itself though enjoyed mixed fortunes. It suffered a fire in the twelfth century and was subject to extensive attacks during the First War of Scottish Independence. It also suffered, as most Scottish abbeys in the period did, decline in patronage. The abbey became a pilgrimage centre for St Fergus, whose head it kept as a relic, and retained older festivals and fame for musical excellence. In the sixteenth century the Scottish Reformation ended the importance of all monasteries in Scotland, and in June 1559 the abbey was attacked by reformers and it was burned down. Some of the canons continued on at the abbey, but by the end of the century monastic life had disappeared and continued to function only as a parish church. In 1581 Scone was placed in the new Earldom of Gowrie, created for William Ruthven. The latter was forfeited after the Gowrie Conspiracy of 1600, but in 1606 was given to David Murray, newly created Lord Scone, who in 1621 was promoted to Viscount Stormont. The abbey/palace evidently remained in a decent state, as the Viscounts apparently did some rebuilding and continued to reside there, and it continued to play host to important guests, such as King Charles II, when he was crowned there (indoors) in 1651. It was not until 1803 that the family (now Earls of Mansfield) began constructing another palace at the cost of £70,000, commissioning the renowned English architect William Atkinson.
Modern town.
Constructing the new palace meant destroying the old town and moving its inhabitants to a new settlement. The new village was built in 1805 as a planned village (compare Evanton, built in 1807 by its landowner for similar motives), and originally called New Scone.
It is 1¼ miles (2 km) east of the old location and 1 mile (1½ km) further from Perth. Until 1997 the village was called "New Scone", but is now officially called Scone (see signposts on all approaches to the village). The village had 4,430 inhabitants according to the 2001 Census for Scotland, 84.33% of whom are Scottish; it is demographically old even compared with the rest of Scotland.
The site of Old Scone is mostly in the grounds of the modern palace, which is a popular tourist attraction. Visitors come to see the gardens in the palace grounds, the exotic birds which roam freely in the grounds, Moot Hill (which is in the grounds), and the palace.
Trivia.
Scone is mentioned in William Shakespeare's tragedy "Macbeth" (Act 2, Scene 4), as a place for coronation of Macbeth after he kills the former King, his cousin Duncan. It is also the last word of the play: "So, thanks to all at once and to each one / Whom we invite to see us crown'd at Scone."

</doc>
<doc id="18699542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699542" title="Irus elegans">
Irus elegans

Irus elegans is a bivalve mollusc of the family Veneridae.

</doc>
<doc id="18699543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699543" title="Lauro Gazzolo">
Lauro Gazzolo

Lauro Gazzolo (15 October 1900 – 2 October 1970) was an Italian film actor. He appeared in 106 films between 1939 and 1966.
He was born in Nervi, Italy and died in Rome, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18699544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699544" title="Ōkawa Station (disambiguation)">
Ōkawa Station (disambiguation)

Other stations with similar names include: 

</doc>
<doc id="18699545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699545" title="List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 2 of 4">
List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 2 of 4


</doc>
<doc id="18699548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699548" title="Functional Party of Struggle">
Functional Party of Struggle

The Functional Party of Struggle () is a political party in Indonesia. It contested the 2009 elections, but received only 0.3 percent of the vote, well below the threshold of 2.5% of the political votes, and was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council. The party was established by Lt. Gen (ret) Muhammad Yasin and members of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono's 2004 election campaign team. Most of its election candidates were retired military officers.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for Pakar Pangan was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
North Sumatra 0.4%
West Sumatra 0.3%
Bengkulu 0.4%
Riau 0.5%
South Sumatra 0.5%
Lampung 0.3%
West Kalimantan 0.8%
Central Kalimantan 0.5%
South Kalimantan 0.4%
Bali 0.4%
East Nusa Tenggara 2.1%
Central Sulawesi 0.8%
South Sulawesi 0.5%
South East Sulawesi 0.4%
Maluku 0.6%
North Maluku 0.4%
West Papua 0.7%
Papua 1.2%

</doc>
<doc id="18699553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699553" title="Vladimir Georgiev (chess player)">
Vladimir Georgiev (chess player)

Vladimir Georgiev (; born 27 August 1975 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian chess Grandmaster. He became an International Master in 1995 and a Grandmaster in 2000.
Vladimir Georgiev first caught the eye of the chess world in 1992, when he finished second in the European Junior Chess Championship.
He became Bulgarian National Champion in 1995 and champion of Macedonia in 2007. Since 2002 he played for the Republic of Macedonia. In 2004 he came second in the Kish GM Tournament. In 2011 he tied for first–third place with Maxim Turov and Yuri Vovk in the Dutch Open in Dieren.
He is trainer of former Women's World Chess Championship Antoaneta Stefanova.
On the May 2010 FIDE list his Elo rating is 2567.

</doc>
<doc id="18699563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699563" title="Let's Get Serious (Candy Butchers EP)">
Let's Get Serious (Candy Butchers EP)

"Let's Get Serious" is an EP by Mike Viola & the Candy Butchers released in 1999 in anticipation of the Candy Butchers then-upcoming album "Falling into Place".

</doc>
<doc id="18699578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699578" title="William Stourton (speaker)">
William Stourton (speaker)

William Stourton was a Speaker of the House of Commons of England from May 1413 to June 1413 when he represented the constituency of Dorset.
He was born the son and heir of John Stourton of Stourton, Wiltshire.
He was knight of the shire in Parliament for Somerset in 1401, 1402 and Jan 1404, Wiltshire in 1407 and Dorset in 1410 and again in May 1413, when he was elected Speaker of the House of Commons of England.
After his death he was buried in Witham Priory. He had married Elizabeth, daughter of Sir John Moigne; they had a son, John, who was raised to the peerage as the first Lord Stourton, and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18699591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699591" title="FTSEurofirst Euro Supersector Indices">
FTSEurofirst Euro Supersector Indices

The FTSEurofirst Supersector Indices are 18 sector indices.
The indices are derived from the FTSEurofirst 300 Index and are available in pan-European and Eurozone-only forms.
They are based on the Industry Classification Benchmark.
List of Indices.
These are of them:
FTSEurofirst Oil and Gas Index
FTSEurofirst Chemicals Index
FTSEurofirst Basic Resources Index
FTSEurofirst Construction and Materials Index
FTSEurofirst Industrial Goods and Services Index
FTSEurofirst Automobiles and Parts Index
FTSEurofirst Food and Beverage Index
FTSEurofirst Personal and Household Goods Index
FTSEurofirst Healthcare Index
FTSEurofirst Retail Index
FTSEurofirst Media Index
FTSEurofirst Travel and Leisure Index
FTSEurofirst Telecommunications Index
FTSEurofirst Utilities Index
FTSEurofirst Banks Index
FTSEurofirst Insurance Index
FTSEurofirst Financial Services Index
FTSEurofirst Technology Index

</doc>
<doc id="18699592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699592" title="Miss America 1973">
Miss America 1973

Miss America 1973, the 46th Miss America, pageant, was held at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey on September 9, 1972 on NBC Network.
Results.
Semi-finalists
Peliminary Talent winners: Catherine Lawton (Miss Delaware), Debby Robert (Miss Louisiana) & Terry Meeuwsen (Miss Wisconsin). 
Preliminary Swimsuit winners: Rebecca Sue Graham (Miss Indiana), Cindy Lee Sykes (Miss Kansas) & Terry Meeuwsen (Miss Wisconsin).

</doc>
<doc id="18699593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699593" title="List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 3 of 4">
List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 3 of 4


</doc>
<doc id="18699604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699604" title="1998 Gold Flake Open – Singles">
1998 Gold Flake Open – Singles

Patrick Rafter defeated Mikael Tillström 6–3, 6–4 to win the 1998 Chennai Open singles event. Tillström was the defending champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18699606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699606" title="List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 4 of 4">
List of CJK Unified Ideographs, part 4 of 4


</doc>
<doc id="18699610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699610" title="Ammonium hexafluorophosphate">
Ammonium hexafluorophosphate

Ammonium hexafluorophosphate is a commonly available form of the hexafluorophosphate anion.

</doc>
<doc id="18699620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699620" title="Lady Danville">
Lady Danville

Lady Danville is a Los Angeles based indie pop band that officially formed in 2007.
History.
Michael Garner (keys, vocals), Matt Frankel (percussion, vocals) and Dan Chang (guitar, vocals) met at UCLA in 2005 while singing together in the premiere collegiate music group Awaken A Cappella.
In 2006, under the name of Mikey G and Dan from Danville, Michael and Dan took part as a duo in UCLA’s Spring Sing talent competition, the school’s oldest music tradition, where they won with their song “Cast Away” for Best Duet and Best Overall Entry. Past winners have included Sara Bareilles and Tyrone Wells. In the beginning of 2007, the duo sought out Matthew Frankel, ultimately leading to the inception of Lady Danville. 
In the fall of 2007, Lady Danville won the annual Star 98.7 Lounge Contest with their song “Tired Magician” and was featured on the Star Lounge Compilation CD with artists including John Mayer, Maroon 5 and Pink. In December 2007, the group released their first self-titled EP "Lady Danville" which can be found on iTunes and Amazon. The band spent 2008 establishing themselves in the Los Angeles area at venues such as The Troubadour, Viper Room, Hotel Café, and The El Rey before going on tour in the Pacific Northwest in 2009 and the entire West Coast in 2010 with the bands Until June and The Fold. In March 2010, Lady Danville wrapped up their West Coast Tour and headed to Austin, TX where they played at the official SXSW 2010 Showcase with a total of five shows in three days. In April 2010, they kicked off their East Coast tour with Jack’s Mannequin. Additionally, Lady Danville did a benefit concert at Annandale High School solely for class of 2011 in late October 2010 whilst touring the east coast.
Other accolades include the prominent feature of their song “Cast Away“ on a recent episode of MTV’s The Real World: Washington DC as well as “Love to Love” on E!’s Keeping up with the Kardashians and MTV's The Real World: New Orleans. Furthermore, their music has been consistently featured on Dorm Life, Hulu’s most watched web show, as well as on the acclaimed independent documentary Craigslist Joe. They have also earned tremendous praise from media outlets as diverse as LA Weekly, LAist.com, and Billboard.com.
In November 2010, Lady Danville finished the Lonely Avenue tour with Ben Folds. In January 2011, the band went on tour with Dashboard Confessional, and Chris Conley of Saves the Day for the west coast leg of the 10th Year Anniversary of Dashboard Confessionals debut album The Swiss Army Romance.
Due to one of their main members leaving the band and the name of the band changing, they have officially become a new band and Lady Danville now ceases to exist. On October 27th, 2012, Lady Danville put the following statement about the band breaking up on their official Facebook page: "It is with extremely heavy hearts that we announce we have recently parted ways with our drummer and friend, Matt Frankel. Matt has been an integral part of Lady Danville, and we will miss him deeply. Out of respect for him and his contribution, we will be announcing a change in our band name shortly." They also announced that their first and only full length album (still untitled) will be released on February 12, 2013.
Hunter Hunted.
Because of the band breakup and band name change from Lady Danville to Hunter Hunted, the full length album was never released. Instead, Hunter Hunted released a self-titled EP consisting of 5 tracks, including "Operating" which had already been performed many times as Lady Danville. The band is forefronted by Michael Garner and Dan Chang, but consists of a total of 6 band members, including Blake Straus. They've been touring between February and July of 2013 promoting their new EP. In that time, they're released a music video for "End of the World," occupied a residency at the Bootleg Theatre for the month of March, appeared on Conan, and charted #1 on Billboard’s Next Big Sound Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18699630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699630" title="Miss USA 1972">
Miss USA 1972

Miss USA 1972 was held at Cerromar Beach Hotel in Dorado, Puerto Rico, on May 20, 1972. Tanya Wilson of Hawaii was crowned by outgoing titleholder Michele McDonald of Pennsylvania. This was the second time Hawaii has won the pageant.
Bob Barker and singer Helen O'Connell hosted the pageant and the Everly Brothers were the guest entertainers.
Prior to the final competition contestants participated in a number of public appearances, including an official parade held in Ponce and a televised ceremony with Governor Luis Ferre.
This was the first time the pageant was held outside the continental United States. The event was marred by two bomb blasts at the hotel during the pageant, thought to have been caused by anti-American activists. There was severe property damage but no injuries were reported. Earlier that day the venue had been picketed by the Puerto Rican Socialist Party.
Judges.
A panel of ten celebrities was chosen to judge the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18699640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699640" title="The Halliday Brand">
The Halliday Brand

The Halliday Brand is a 1957 American Western film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Joseph Cotten. 
Plot.
Daniel and Martha Halliday, son and daughter of the powerful Big Dan, strenuously object to his bigotry and violence. When he leads the lynching of her half-breed beau, Jivaro Burris, it is the last straw.
Dan becomes estranged from his father and closer to his rival, Jivaro's father, while also developing a romantic attachment to Aleta Burris, the dead man's sister. It leads to a showdown between the two sides.

</doc>
<doc id="18699647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699647" title="Maria Teresa Ramírez">
Maria Teresa Ramírez

María Teresa Ramírez Gómez (born August 15, 1954 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal) is a retired female freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Mexico. She represented Mexico at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in Mexico City (1968). She won the bronze medal in the Women's 800m Freestyle event at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18699653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699653" title="Mike Day">
Mike Day

Micheal Day (born October 9, 1984 in Tarzana, California USA) is a professional American "Current School" Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years are from 2002–Present. His nickname is a play on a common phrase. Mike Day's official Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) number, which was originally assigned to him by the American Bicycle Association (ABA) (not affiliated to the UCI), he requested for it from and is assigned it by the UCI for life regardless of how he does in a race season, is #365. With the exception of quadrennial leap years, that is the number of days in a calendar year. As a result, a play on his surname "365 Day" occurs from the common phrase "...365 days a year" (alternatively "..365 days "per" year"):
On June 14, 2008 Mike Day won a place on the USA BMX Olympic Team by winning the Team Trial at the Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California. This team will represent the USA in the first ever BMX racing competition in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China with Teammates Kyle Bennett, Donny Robinson, and Jill Kintner. As of August 20, he has made the Semi Finals in the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning both the Seeding Run time trials and was the overall winning of the three runnings of his Quarter Finals, sweeping all three. On August 22, Mike Day won the Silver medal in the Men's BMX Final at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. Since the Men's Final was raced after the Women's Final in the sport's debut games, he is the second American ever to win a medal. However, he is also the highest placing. His teammates Jill Kintner and Donny Robinson both won Bronze medals. Kyle Bennett did not qualify for the Finals. Maris Strombergs of Latvia was the winner of the Gold medal.
Racing career.
Note: Professional first are on the national level unless otherwise indicated.
Career factory and major bike shop sponsors.
Note: This listing only denotes the racer's primary sponsors. At any given time a racer could have numerous ever changing co-sponsors. Primary sponsorships can be verified by BMX press coverage and sponsor's advertisements at the time in question. When possible exact dates are used.
Career bicycle motocross titles.
Note: Listed are District, State/Provincial/Department, Regional, National, and International titles in "italics". Only sanctioning bodies that existed during the racer's career(s) are listed. Depending on point totals of individual racers, winners of Grand Nationals do not necessarily win National titles.
Amateur/Junior Men.
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)*
Professional/Elite Men.
National Bicycle League (NBL)
American Bicycle Association (ABA)
ESPN Extreme (X) Games
USA Cycling:
Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI)*
International Olympic Committee (IOC)<br>
Independent Pro Series Championships and Invitational Races
The Robbie Miranda 59 (RM59) Tropical BMX Challenge is an Invitational BMX exhibition race created and promoted by professional BMX racer Robbie Miranda (whose father is Puerto Rican) in Baceloneta, Puerto Rico. It is sanctioned by the Puerto Rican BMX Association (PRBMXA) for the local amateur racers who come out to race and see the BMX stars they only see in the BMX Press since no nationals are held by any major sanctioning body in Puerto Rico.
Still images.
Current image of Mike Day<br>
Current image of Mike Day<br>
Current image of Mike Day
BMX magazine covers.
Note: Only magazines that were in publication at the time of the racer's career(s) are listed unless specifically noted.
BMX Plus!:
Ride BMX Magazine:
Snap BMX Magazine & Transworld BMX:
BMX World
Bicycles Today & BMX Today (the official NBL membership publication under two names):
ABA Action, American BMXer, BMXer (the official ABA membership publication under three names):

</doc>
<doc id="18699660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699660" title="Musashi-Shiraishi Station">
Musashi-Shiraishi Station

Lines.
Musashi-Shiraishi Station is served by the Tsurumi Line, and is 4.1 kilometers from the terminus at Tsurumi Station. The station is located at the junction of the main route of the Tsurumi Line and its branch to , however the platform for the branch line at the station was removed in March 1996 so that only mainline trains now stop at the station.
Station layout.
Musashi-Shiraishi Station has a two opposed side platforms serving two tracks. 
History.
Musashi-Shiraishi Station was opened on March 10, 1926 as a station on the privately held initially for freight operations only. The station was closed on November 15, 1930 and reopened as the Musashi-Shiraishi Stop for passenger services only from July 26, 1931. It was elevated in status to that of a full station on March 17, 1936. The line was nationalized on July 1, 1943 and was absorbed into the Japanese Government Railways network. The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East. 
The short platform (platforms 3 and 4) for the Ōkawa branch line was used until March 1996, when the branch line started operating three-car trains that were longer than the platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18699667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699667" title="Keep the Home Fires Burning">
Keep the Home Fires Burning

Keep the Home Fires Burning may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18699691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699691" title="Sodium hexafluorophosphate">
Sodium hexafluorophosphate

Sodium hexafluorophosphate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula NaPF6.

</doc>
<doc id="18699701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699701" title="New Indonesia Party of Struggle">
New Indonesia Party of Struggle

The New Indonesia Party of Struggle () is a political party in Indonesia. It was established as the New Indonesia Alliance Party ("Partai Perhimpunan Indonesia Baru") by the economist Dr. Sjahrir and was initially made up of university students, middle-class people and the leaders of several political parties. In a speech on 23 September 2002, Sjahrir said he wanted to establish the party because he was frustrated and angry with the political situation dominated by corruption and the craving for power.
At the last legislative elections, 5 April 2004, the party won 0.6% of the popular vote and no seats in the People's Representative Council. It is to contest the 2009 elections under the new name New Indonesia Party of Struggle.
Dr. Sjahrir stepped down as chairman of the party when the 2004 elected president of the Republic of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, appointed Syahrir as Economic Advisor to the President on 11 April 2007. He was succeeded by his wife, Dr. Nurmala Kartini Sjahrir, chairman of the Indonesian Anthropological Association (according to Minister of Law and Human Rights Republic of Indonesia decree number M.HH-08.AH.11.01 Year 2008)
On 28 July 2008, the party founder and first chairman, Dr. Syahrir, died in Singapore 
On 10 November 2008, the party officially stated its candidate for the 2009 presidential election was incumbent President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono 
The party contested the 2009 elections, the party won only 0.2 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Vision & Mission.
The party vision and mission is to developed a new Indonesia which is fair, democratic and plural.

</doc>
<doc id="18699709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699709" title="Hamlet Goes Business">
Hamlet Goes Business

Hamlet Goes Business () is a 1987 Finnish comedy film directed by Aki Kaurismäki and starring Pirkka-Pekka Petelius. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699714" title="1928 Chatham Cup">
1928 Chatham Cup

The 1928 Chatham Cup was the sixth annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with five regional associations (Auckland, Wellington, Manawatu, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Auckland YMCA, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Northern (Dunedin), Hastings United, Petone (who beat Wellington Marist in the Wellington regional final), and Riccarton.
The 1928 final.
The final returned to the Basin Reserve, Wellington after an absence of one year - a venue which was used regularly until the 1970s.
Petone defied the odds to reach the final, despite only being in their first year of senior football. As with the previous year's final, the Wellington wind was to play a major part in the final. The only goal of the match was a long wind-assisted shot halfway through the first half, struck from 30 metres out by William Farquhar. Some contemporary reports suggest that the ball deflected of Northern defender Jim Scoular, but the goal is officially credited to Farquhar. The same reports also suggest that Northern had dominated the match, and that Petone's win was somewhat fortuitous. G. Jackson of Wellington became the first official to referee two finals (he had previously refereed the 1927 final).

</doc>
<doc id="18699716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699716" title="Hart(z) IV">
Hart(z) IV

Hart(z) IV is the second album by German-Turkish rapper Eko Fresh. The album features artists from his label, German Dream Entertainment and as well Baba Saad, Bushido, Kay One and Billy from ersguterjunge.
Eko Fresh who had signed onto ersguterjunge, released there his album.

</doc>
<doc id="18699723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699723" title="Henri Skiba">
Henri Skiba

Henri Skiba (born July 14, 1927, original first name: Heinrich) is a former French football player of German origin who played for France national football team; he was then manager in Switzerland and France.
Skiba, a refugee from Silesia, was discovered by 1. FC Nuremberg when their "Oldies" team played a Bavarian non-league side in 1949. He was signed for the first team but appeared in only two Oberliga Süd matches in the early stages of 1949-50 before moving on to France where he enjoyed a successful, if belated, career, winning his first full cap at 32.

</doc>
<doc id="18699729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699729" title="Felli">
Felli

Felli is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Morocco. It is related to Alquerque and draughts as pieces leap over one another to capture. Felli's closest relatives are actually several thousand miles away in the form of Lau kata kati from India and the game called Butterfly (game) from Mozambique. One main difference is that the Felli board has only one horizontal line across its breadth as oppose to two found in the other two games.
There is another version, and perhaps even the correction version, where the pieces are promoted to "Mullahs" upon reaching the other player's first rank. The "Mullahs" are like the "Kings" in International Draughts, and they can move any number of unoccupied spaces. They can also leap over an enemy piece from any distance, and land any distance behind it. 
The game is also called Fich. 
Goal.
The goal of each player is to capture all the other player's pieces, or stalemate the other player by immobilizing its pieces.
Equipment.
The board is two triangles joined together at a common vertex. Each triangle has one horizontal line that dissects it across its breadth. A line also dissects both triangles across their lengths through the common vertex. There are a total of 13 intersection points of which the pieces are played upon.
There are a total of 12 pieces of which 6 pieces are black and 6 pieces are white.

</doc>
<doc id="18699733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699733" title="Falling into Place (Candy Butchers album)">
Falling into Place (Candy Butchers album)

Falling into Place is a studio album by Mike Viola and the Candy Butchers released in 1999.
Personnel.
Danny Bennett: producer
Dae Bennett: producer
Mike Viola: vocals, guitars, producer
Pete Donnelly: bass, vocals
Mike Levesque: drums
Dan Levine: trombone (on "Once I Was")
Larry Etkins: trumpet (on "Once I Was")
Jim O'Connor: trumpet (on "Once I Was")
Garth Hudson: saxophone, keyboards (on "Once I Was")

</doc>
<doc id="18699741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699741" title="Charles H. Tenney">
Charles H. Tenney

Charles H. Tenney (July 9, 1842 – April 27, 1919) he was proprietor of C. H. Tenney & Co., established 1868 and would become one of the most successful commissioned merchant and hat dealers in the world; also a director of Bank of the Manhattan Company and life trustee of the Bowery Savings Bank.
Biography.
Born Charles Henry, in Salem, New Hampshire, he was the youngest of four sons of John Ferguson Tenney, a well-to-do farmer, and Hannah Woodbury. He married Fannie H. Gleason on November 23, 1865, and they had two children: a son, Daniel Gleason, and a daughter, Adelaide, who died as an infant. His grandson and namesake Charles Henry Tenney, was, from 1955–1964, Commissioner, Corporate Counsel, City Administrator and Deputy Mayor of New York City and nominated to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York by President John F. Kennedy in 1963.
C. H. Tenney was educated at the New Hampshire Conference Seminary in Tilton. In his youth he helped tend his family farm and was a clerk in a general store. The family later moved to Methuen, MA where his father opened a grocery and hardware store on Hampshire Street. His two older brothers, Daniel and George Washington established Tenney & Co. shoe manufacturers and were Methuen civic leaders. Charles and his brother John Milton established the hat manufacturing enterprise, in which Charles sold his interest to J. Milton in 1883.
In 1868, C. H. Tenney opened offices in New York and established himself as a wholesale commission agent, handling a very large part of the hat production in the U.S., and selling more than any similar concern in the world. He would live principally in New York and have offices headquartered at Washington Place & W. 4th Street. His hat business was located at 610-618 Broadway, with more than of floor space. He was a member of the Union League Club of New York, the Metropolitan Club, New York Yacht Club, Sleepy Hollow Club, New York Athletic Club, New York Chamber of Commerce and New England Society of New York. He was also a sustaining member of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Museum of Natural History.
Although his principal residence was at 570 Park Ave., he died in his apartment at New York's Plaza Hotel. Memorial or funeral services honoring Tenney were held in New York City, Salem and Methuen. Interment, alongside his wife who died December 15, 1905, was in the Tenney Mausoleum at the Walnut Grove Cemetery in Methuen. The Tenney Memorial Chapel, designed by architect Grosvenor Atterbury, and located within the Walnut Grove Cemetery was dedicated (1927) by Daniel Gleason Tenney in memory of his parents. C. H. Tenney's estate was valued at more than $4.3 million and he left $1 million to his son and $250,000 to each grandchild. He had always been a generous benefactor to Methuen. He dedicated the Hannah Tenney United Methodist Church in Salem Center to honor his mother. His will designated a quarter of a million dollars to a collection of churches, hospitals and schools in New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
"City Father" - Methuen, MA.
Charles H. Tenney was one of the three "city fathers" who grew rich in the city of Methuen, Massachusetts, during the industrial boom of the late 19th century. His surname (as well as that of fellow "Methuen city fathers" Edward F. Searles and David C. Nevins, Sr.) appears in the titles of several sites in Methuen. This includes the "Searles Tenney Nevins Historic District" established by the City of Methuen in 1992 to preserve the "distinctive architecture and rich character of one of Massachusetts’ most unique neighborhoods". 
The trio’s collective vision and fantastic architectural rivalry can still be seen in the industrial and civic buildings, as well as churches, mansions and monuments. The historic district boundaries were established to include properties and buildings constructed or used by the Searles, Tenney and Nevins families and the people who worked for them.
On July 24, 1888, the benefactor unveiled a Civil War Soldiers and Sailors Memorial on Charles Street in Methuen, MA, created by sculptor Thomas Ball and honoring among others, those who had served in the Sixth Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.
Grey Court.
Grey Court (aka Tenney Castle) designed by Carrère and Hastings, prominent New York architects, was the centerpiece of the Charles Tenney's rolling estate Fair View Park. Begun in 1890 and completed two years later, the mansion was modeled after Château d'Yquem, the ancestral seat of Montaigne, and served as the Tenney family's summer home. Ernest W. Bowditch, designed the grounds. He had laid out several estates in Newport, Rhode Island, including Marble House, W. K. Vanderbilt's estate; designed Tuxedo Park in New York; and landscaped Colgate University. His designs for Greycourt's surrounds won a prestigious horticultural prize in 1902. The remains are now a Massachusetts State Park.
From New England families, genealogical and memorial a record of the achievements of her people in the making of commonwealths and the founding of a nation by William Richard Cutter (1913)
Tenney Gatehouse.
Now home to the Methuen Historical Society and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Tenney Gatehouse (aka Tenney Gate House) was originally a rough stone farmhouse built by Richard Whittier in 1830. Tenney purchased it in 1882 and remodeled to become the entry point to Greycourt. Today it's one of the only remaining structures on the estate.
In 1951, the Tenney family gave to the town for Tenney High School (now Tenney Grammar School) and sold the rest to the Basilian Salvatorian Order. From 1977-1978 a series of fires eventually destroyed the mansion. The Gatehouse and the Stock House or Stables are all that remain standing.

</doc>
<doc id="18699747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699747" title="Charles Tenney">
Charles Tenney

Charles Tenney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18699749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699749" title="Bahria College, Islamabad">
Bahria College, Islamabad

Bahria College Islamabad, or BCI, is a college located in Islamabad, Pakistan. The foundation stone was laid by the Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Iftikhar Ahmed Sirohey on 6 December 1986 under the supervision of the Pakistan Navy.
The campus of the college is located in the heart of the capital city facing the panoramic Margalla Hills, located in Sector E-8, Naval Complex, Islamabad, Pakistan. 
It provides education to students from kindergarten up to the HSSC/A level, having three sections, primary section, secondary section for boys and secondary section for girls. Each section is headed by a vice principal.
The discipline and events are held by the College council which consists of College Captain, Deputy College Captain, 4 House Captains and 10 Prefects. Among other notable posts are President Literary Society, President Debating Society, Sports Captain and Deputy Sports Captain.
It has well equipped labs and libraries, play grounds, a large stadium, a large hall and operates its own bus fleet.

</doc>
<doc id="18699750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699750" title="Hico Ice Cream">
Hico Ice Cream

Hico Ice Cream was the first ice cream company in Pakistan. It is manufactured by Pakistan Fruit Juice Co. (Pvt.) Ltd. As a brief introduction, Pakistan Fruit Juice Co. (Pvt.) Ltd. is family-owned company. It was established in 1952 and is mainly involved in the manufacturing and marketing of various industrial and consumer products including beverages, fruit juices, ice cream, industrial gases and Rice/agriculture produce.
The brand Hico has been well established since 1952. Hico has a fully automatic ice cream manufacturing facility, and has a production capacity capable of producing more than 4.5 million liters of dairy ice cream a year. It is marketed in major cities of Punjab. Hico Ice Cream has expanded to several cities across Pakistan such as Karachi, Rawalpindi, Islamabad, Multan, Faisalabad, as well as many more. Today, the Hico brand is considered to be a favorite in its hometown Lahore as well as in Capital Islamabad and Rawalpindi.
Hico Ice Cream is one of the few brands in Pakistan which manufacture 100% pure dairy ice cream. This makes for a healthier alternative. Hico Ice Cream produces a variety of flavors including chocolate, vanilla, mango, strawberry, pineapple, apple, and orange. It is also responsible for the production of several other more premium flavors, such as tutti fruity. Perhaps its most respected flavors is praline, a flavor the company is known throughout its hometown Lahore for. The company's strong but small distribution and marketing network guarantees consumer satisfaction and brand loyalty. Though Hico Ice Cream has a small sales network, Hico's ice cream flawless quality challenges big names like Walls or Omore which have a stronger sales network and more publicity. Once someone tastes the quality of Hico ice cream, he/she becomes a loyal fan.

</doc>
<doc id="18699756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699756" title="Dargans Deviation 1897">
Dargans Deviation 1897

The Dargans Deviation was a section of the original line over the Blue Mountains in New South Wales, Australia. It was constructed from 1896 to 1897 in an effort to ease the grades of the original alignment ( 1 in 33 ) from before Newnes Junction to Clarence, with a ruling grade of 1 in 60. Along with a few crossing loops, it enabled much longer trains to use the line. After the construction of the Ten Tunnels Deviation, it was abandoned.
History.
The deviation started construction around July 1896 due to a sudden rise in traffic along the Western Line. It was longer than the original alignment but it eased the grades to 1 in 60 and stretched three miles from Newnes Junction to Clarence. During construction, when the line rejoined the original alignment at Clarence, a number of changes had to be made. The original up platform was removed and a new platform was erected a few hundred meters west. This platform is currently used by the Zig Zag Railway as a terminus. The platform on the loop was also removed. The construction was initially planned to take six months but due to a number of delays, including one incident where among other things a charge exploded prematurely. The line was officially opened in April 1897.
Zig Zag Railway.
The Zig Zag Railway have plans to extend the railway from Clarence to Newnes Junction, using the Dargans Deviation. They are currently halfway in relaying the track to Narrow Gauge. One of the reasons is because Newnes Junction will provide a much better interchange with CityRail intercity services than Zig Zag Bottom Points, and this indicates that the Newnes Junction station will be restored in future.

</doc>
<doc id="18699764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699764" title="Energy policy of Romania">
Energy policy of Romania

Romania is the 38th largest energy consumer in the world and the largest in South Eastern Europe as well as an important producer of natural gas, oil and coal in Europe.
The total energy consumption of Romania was in 2005 40.5 million toe structured as follows:
Reserves.
Romania's natural resources in the year 2007 were structured as follows:
Romania has the largest oil reserves in Central and Eastern Europe ("except Russia") and the second largest natural gas reserves ("except Russia") behind Ukraine but twice as large than Poland but it has the smallest reserves of coal in the region.
Oil.
Romania's oil production in 2007 was around 120,000 bbl/d while the consumption of oil was around 230,000 bbl/d.
Romania had the largest oil production in the year 1976 when the total quantity extracted was close to 14.7 million tonnes. Since then the oil production increased and decreased regularly but in the last 10 years the production had a descending path.
<br clear=left>
Coal.
In 2006 the total coal production of Romania was 34.1 million tonnes of which:
Almost all the coal extracted in the country is used for electricity generation, bituminous coal having a 7.2% contribution in all electricity produced in Romania and lignite having a 32.2% stake.
Evolution of bituminous coal production:
<br clear=left>
Evolution of lignite production:
<br clear=left>
Natural gas.
In 2007 Romania produced a total of 12.3 billion m3 of natural gas the most important producers being Petrom with 6.3 billion m3 and Romgaz with 6 billion m3. 
The natural gas consumption in 2007 was 17.4 billion m3 with the local producers providing around 70% and imports of 5.1 billion m3 supplying the rest.
Electricity.
In 2006 Romania produced a total of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal, hydro and nuclear power plants.
The power generation was structured as follows:
<br clear=left>
Hydropower.
Romania has an estimated total usable hydropower of 36,000 GW per year. In 2007 the total installed capacity of hydropower plants in Romania was 6,400 MW all of which were owned by Hidroelectrica.
In 2007, Romania produced 19.8 TW of hydropower. Romania co-ownes the Iron Gate I Hydroelectric Power Station on the Danube River located on the border between Romania and Serbia, which is one of the largest hydroelectric power plants in Europe with an installed generation capacity of 2,216 MW by 6 generating units of 175 MW each on the Serbian side and 6 generating units of 194.4 MW on the Romanian side. 
The two countries also jointly operate the Iron Gate II Hydroelectric Power Station with an installed generation capacity of 537 MW by 8 generating units of 27 MW on the Serbian side and 10 generating units of 32 MW on the Romanian side.
The largest hydropower plant on the inner rivers of Romania is the Lotru-Ciunget Hydroelectric Power Station with an installed generation capacity of 510 MW but this power plant will be surpassed by the Tarniţa – Lăpuşteşti Hydroelectric Power Station which at completion in 2014 will have an installed generation capacity of 1,000 MW.
Nuclear energy.
Romania currently has 1.400 MW of nuclear power capacity by means of one active nuclear power plant with 2 reactors, which makes up to around 18% of the national power generation capacity of the country. This makes Romania the 23rd largest user of nuclear power in the world.
The Cernavodă Nuclear Power Plant () is the only nuclear power plant in Romania. It uses CANDU reactor technology from AECL, using heavy water produced at Drobeta-Turnu Severin as its neutron moderator and water from the Danube for cooling.
There are also plans for the construction of a second nuclear power plant in Transylvania that will either have 2 reactors of 1.200 MW each or 4 reactors of 600 MW each with an electricity generating capacity of 2.400 MW and will be constructed after 2020
Wind power.
, Wind power in Romania has an installed capacity of 10 MW, up from the 3 MW installed capacity in 2006. 
Romania has a high wind power potential of around 14,000 MW and a power generating capacity of 23 TWh, but until 2007 there were no significant wind farms in operation.
Other renewable energy.
The annual energy potential for renewable energy in Romania is:
Biofuels.
In recent years Romania increased its production of biofuels in a sustained manner. The country uses rapeseed as a source of biodiesel. In 2007 Romania had a total cultivated area of 430,000 ha with Rapeseed and had a production of 750,000 tonnes.
In 2007 Romania produced 400,000 tonnes of biodiesel mainly from rapeseed and sunflower seeds.
The German company MAN Ferrostaal invested US$ 200 million in the construction of a biodiesel refinery in Sibiu County that produces around 142,000 tonnes of biodiesel per year.
There are other companies that are interested in investing in biodiesel in Romania like the Martifer Group in Portugal that will build a biodiesel refinery in Călăraşi County where it will invest US$ 120 million.
When this refinery will be at full capacity, Romania will be in the top ten biodiesel producing countries in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18699786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699786" title="Ocean fisheries">
Ocean fisheries

A fishery is an area with an associated fish or aquatic population which is harvested for its commercial value. Fisheries can be wild or farmed. Most of the world's wild fisheries are in the ocean. This article is an overview of ocean fisheries.
Statistics.
Oceans occupy 71 percent of the Earth's surface. They are divided into five major oceans, which in decreasing order of size are: the Pacific Ocean, Atlantic Ocean, Indian Ocean, Southern Ocean, and Arctic Ocean. Over 70 percent of the world catch from the sea comes from the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="18699789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699789" title="Chris Valagao">
Chris Valagao

Chris "The Heathen" Valagao is a heavy metal musician, best known as the front man for Canadian speed/thrash metal band Zimmers Hole. He is of Portuguese and German heritage.
Background.
Valagao is the founding front man (along with Jed Simon and Byron Stroud from Strapping Young Lad and drummer Steve Wheeler) for Canadian speed/thrash metal band Zimmers Hole. He has recorded 3 albums with the band. During his career, Valagao has performed backing vocals on almost all of Devin Townsend's and Strapping Young Lad's albums. During that time he has built a strong friendship with Townsend.
In 2012, Valagao joined traditional heavy metal group West of Hell and released the debut album "Spiral Empire". West of Hell followed up with a headlining tour across Canada and New Zealand in support for the album.
Nicknames.
During his career, Valagao has adopted several "nicknames", most notably "The Heathen". Other nicknames include:
Discography.
Valagao has performed on the following albums.

</doc>
<doc id="18699809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699809" title="List of Generation Kill characters">
List of Generation Kill characters

"Generation Kill" follows the Marines of the 1st Recon Battalion through the first four weeks of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The characters are drawn from this group of Marines.
The recurring characters are part of the 1st Marine Division. The division is under the command of Major General James "Maddog" Mattis, played by Robert Burke. His callsign is "Chaos".
1st Recon Battalion characters.
Nearly all of the recurring characters are members of 1st Reconnaissance Battalion (1st Recon), commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Stephen "Godfather" Ferrando (played by Chance Kelly). His command staff include Major Todd Eckloff played by Benjamin Busch and Sergeant Major John Sixta, played by Neal Jones. Nabil Elouahabi plays the battalion's translator, "Meesh" (usually spelled Mish). The battalion surgeon, Lieutenant Alex Aubin (Andrew Spicer) also appears. Ferrando's callsign is "Godfather".
<br>
<br>
Alpha Company.
Alpha Company is commanded by Captain Bryan Patterson played by Michael Kelly. The company callsign is "Assassin".
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
Bravo Company.
Bravo Company is commanded by Captain Craig Schwetje played by Brian Wade. The company callsign is "Hitman".
Charlie Company.
1st Recon Battalion's third rifle company. Members are featured in a short scene in Episode 4 "Combat Jack", but no Marines are specifically named. The company commander's call sign is "Raptor".
Delta Company.
Company of USMC reservists attached to 1st Recon Battalion. Members are featured in Episode 6: "Stay Frosty", but only one Non-commissioned officer who has an acquaintance with 2nd platoon of Bravo Company is named.

</doc>
<doc id="18699810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699810" title="Hama-Kawasaki Station">
Hama-Kawasaki Station

Lines.
Hama-Kawasaki Station is served by the Tsurumi Line and Nambu Branch Line, and is 5.7 kilometers from the terminus of the Tsurumi Line at Tsurumi Station.
Station layout.
Hama-Kawasaki Station has two island platforms serving four tracks. The platforms for the Tsurumi Line and the Nambu Branch Line are in separate structures. Passengers have to cross a street to transfer from one line to the other.
History.
Hama-Kawasaki Station was opened on May 1, 1918 as a dedicated freight depot on the Tōkaidō Main Line. The privately held also began operations to Hama-Kawasaki from March 10, 1926. However, on March 14, 1929, the Tsurumi Rinkō Railway transferred its freight depot to the adjacent . On March 25, 1930, the Nambu Railway began freight operations to Shin-Hamakawasaki Station and Hama-Kawasaki Station. Shin-Hamakawasaki began accepting passenger traffic from April 10, 1930, as did Watarida Station on October 28 of the same year. 
The Tsurumi Rinkō Railway was nationalized into the Japanese Government Railways on July 1, 1943. at which time Watarida Station and Hama-Kawasaki Station were joined into a single station. The Nambu Line was likewise nationalized on April 1, 1944 and Shin-Hamakawasaki Station was merged into Hama-Kawasaki Station.
The station has been unstaffed since March 1, 1971. Upon the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987 the station has been operated by JR East and JR Freight. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699817" title="Terry Gennoe">
Terry Gennoe

Terry Gennoe (born 16 March 1953 in Shrewsbury) is a former footballer and is currently the first team goalkeeping coach at Aston Villa.
Biography.
Playing career.
Gennoe began his career at Bury and moved to Halifax Town making 78 league appearances, then to Southampton (where he played against Nottingham Forest in the 1979 League Cup Final, and also made 36 league appearances for the club, then onto Crystal Palace "(on loan)", making 3 league appearances, before moving to Blackburn Rovers, where he made 289 league appearances in his decade at the club. He still holds the club record for the most league appearances by a Rovers goalkeeper. Brad Friedel left Blackburn after 8 seasons in 2008, having made 287 league appearances, just two matches short of Gennoe's club record.
Coaching career.
Gennoe hung up his gloves in 1991 but continued as a goalkeeping coach at Ewood Park. His 16 year stint at Rovers ended over a contract dispute in 1997 but he was soon back working for Kenny Dalglish and with Shay Given at Newcastle United. Gennoe left Tyneside in 1999 to take up a similar post at Celtic where he remained until 2005.
On 4 July 2006, Gennoe returned to Newcastle United for a second spell.
In September 2011, Gennoe returned after three and a half years out of the game to be the new first team goalkeeping coach at Villa Park, replacing Rafa Gonzalez. He was reunited with Shay Given, who he had previously coached at Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle United.

</doc>
<doc id="18699818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699818" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 100 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18699834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18699834" title="Susana">
Susana

Susana ("Susana, demonio y carne" or "The Devil and the Flesh") is a 1951 film directed by Luis Buñuel. It is the story of a girl of questionable mental stability who escapes from incarceration and ends up at a plantation where she disrupts a working family's daily routines and chemistry.
Plot.
Susana is full of the unique touches of Buñuel's surrealism. The heroine, Susana (Rosita Quintana), is a beautiful inmate at a women's reformatory who escapes in the middle of a rainy night. When first seen, Susana's being thrown into a solitary cell for misbehaving and the correction officer says "Imagine, she's been here two years and is worse than ever!".
In her cell she asks God's help, facing a shadow of the cross formed by the window bars from where a spider crawls away. The window breaks open and she escapes. She ends up at a ranch. Soon the whole household is involved in possessing her and fighting over her. Jesus, the young ranch helper; Alberto, the family's son and heir; and Guadalupe, Alberto's father, 'a God-fearing man and the faithful husband of the beautiful, patient Dona Carmen'.
Analysis.
Though the movie means to be steamy, Buñuel is apparently more amused than shocked by Susana's brazen ambition and the no-nonsense way she goes about her conquests. Toward the end, when the traffic in and out of Susana's bedroom is fairly heavy, the movie has the manner of a grandly operatic farce. Miss Quintana is suitably outrageous as Susana, a kind of rough sketch of the character who would later appear in the person of Catherine Deneuve in Buñuel's 1970 classic, "Tristana". That film is also recalled because of the appearance of Fernando Soler, who plays the susceptible Don Guadalupe and who looks remarkably like Fernando Rey, the star of Buñuel's last, great films.
Gilles Deleuze in his work "" talks about the impulse-image in Susana "that achieves the complete exhaustion of a milieu: mother, servant, son and father. The impulse must be exhaustive. It is not even sufficient to say that the impulse contents itself with what a milieu gives it or leaves to it. This contentment is not resignation, but a great joy in which the impulse rediscovers its power of choice, since it is, at the deepest level, the desire to change milieu, to seek a new milieu to explore, to dislocate, enjoying all the more what this milieu offers, however low, repulsive or disgusting it may be. The joys of the impulse cannot be measured against the affect, that is, against the intrinsic qualities of the possible object."

</doc>
