<doc id="18725873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725873" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Faisalabad (Lat: "Dioecesis Faisalabadensis") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan.
Erected in 1960, as the Diocese of Lyallpur, the diocese was created from the Diocese of Multan. The new diocese comprised the civil districts of Faisalabad (Lyallpur ), Sahiwal and Jhang.
In 1977, the name of the diocese was changed to the diocese of Faisalabad. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Lahore. The Diocese of Faisalabad now comprises the following civil boundaries' The whole of the Faisalabad division with the districts of Faisalahad. Jhang and Toba Tek Singh. In the Multan division, the districts of Sahiwal, Pak Pattan and Okara. The Diocese of Faisalabad now comprises the following civil boundaries' The whole of the Faisalabad division with the districts of Faisalahad. Jhang and Toba Tek Singh. In the Multan division, the districts of Sahiwal, Pak Pattan and Okara. The diocese of Faisalabad covers a 35,300 km2 area and is home to about 189,000 Catholics in 28 parishes.
The Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul is the main church of the diocese.
The Focolare Movement was introduced into Pakistan in 1968 via the Faisalabad diocese by Father Juliano Ricchiardi, an Italian priest serving at the National Catechists' Training Centre in Khushpur. As of 2008, according to local sources, the movement in Pakistan counted 18 Focolarinas, 11 Focolarinos and about 400 other affiliated members including lay people, nuns and priests. Focolare is a Catholic lay movement whose name means "family hearth" present in more than 180 countries and involving more than 2 million people. The movement was recognized by the Catholic Church under the official name "Work of Mary."
The St. Thomas the Apostle Minor Seminary is the preparatory seminary of the diocese.
Joseph Coutts, appointed in 1998, was bishop until June 2012, when he was named Archbishop of Karachi.
The biggest Catholic village in Pakistan, Khushpur, is also located in the diocese. It celebrated its centenary in 2001. Father Parvez Emmanuel was the parish priest at the time. The village has about 7,000 Catholics and produced one bishop, John Joseph of Faisalabad, 20 priests and more than 100 nuns.
On New Year’s Day 2008 the diocese inaugurated a Quit Drugs Treatment Center, which offered free treatment and residential facilities to heroin users. The Center accommodates twenty recovering addicts, located beside Holy Rosary Church in Faisalabad. It is the only Church-affiliated drug treatment center in Faisalabad diocese. The center employs 15 people full- or part-time including the doctor, a physical therapist, two nurses, and clerical and maintenance staff.
"The Universal Living Rosary Association of St. Philomena USA" (ULRA) is also located in the diocese. Rosaries, Medals, Scapulars, Holy Oil, St. Philomena Cord and other printed material are given free of cost. A quarterly newsletter is published by ULRA Pakistan. Afzaal Anwar Khokhar is the ULRA representative for Pakistan. The head office in Pakistan is in Barkatpura, Faisalabad.
On July 30, 2009, tensions arose in the Christian village of Korian after pages containing Islamic inscriptions were found in front of a Christian home. Muslims accused a family there of blasphemy against Islam.
On Aug. 1, 2009, a Muslim mob raided a Christian settlement in Gojra vandalizing and looting houses and causing the deaths of eight people and injuries to many others. Fifty Christian homes were destroyed.
Pope Benedict XVI expressed profound sorrow in 2009 at anti-Christian riots in Pakistan and appealed to everyone to renounce violence and take up again the path of peace. He communicated this message in a telegram to Bishop Coutts.
On August 4, 2009, Fr. Rufin Anthony, the former vicar general of Faisalabad diocese, was appointed coadjutor bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi.
On April 17, 2010 the diocese organized a ceremony to celebrate its Golden Jubilee. Archbishop Adolfo Tito Yllana, Apostolic Nuncio to Pakistan, Bishop Joseph Coutts (Faisalabad), Archbishop Lawrence Saldanha (Lahore), and Bishop Andrew Francis (Multan) spoke on the occasion.
On 29 April 2010 Pope Benedict XVI elevated the Apostolic Prefecture of Quetta to the rank of apostolic vicariate. He appointed Fr. Victor Gnanapragasam OMI as apostolic vicar of the new ecclesiastical circumscription and the titular bishop of Timida. Fr. Victor was parish priest in Toba Tek Singh in this Diocese from 1978 to 1980, 1982- to 1986 and 1992 to 1993.
In 2011 Faisalabad diocese had 40 priests and three deacons, one of them permanent.
Pope Francis on July 3, 2013 appointed Fr. Joseph Arshad as the bishop of the Faisalabad Diocese.
Educational institutions.
The Diocese has over 2,000 teachers working in 62 educational Institutions.
La Salle High School Faisalabad
St. Catherine's High School, Faisalabad
St. Peter's High School
St. Albert's High School, Gojra
Convent of Jesus and Mary
St. Joseph's Technical Institute, Faisalabad
Rosary Christian Hospital School, Okara
Hospital.
St. Raphael's Hospital

</doc>
<doc id="18725879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725879" title="Polideportivo Victoria Gasteiz">
Polideportivo Victoria Gasteiz

Polideportivo Vitoria-Gasteiz is a multi-use sports complex located in Nejapa, El Salvador. The sports complex is mainly used for its soccer facility. The soccer field is the home field of Nejapa F.C., a first division soccer team with a capacity of 2,000. 
It is named after the town of Vitoria-Gasteiz.

</doc>
<doc id="18725881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725881" title="Myriam Glez">
Myriam Glez

Myriam Glez (born May 20, 1980) in France) is a synchronised swimmer who represented France at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Synchronised Swimming.
Glez was inspired to take up synchronised swimming when she was six, after watching it on television. Glez won ten synchronised swimming titles in France, and represented France in Team at the 2000 Olympics, coming fourth. Glez moved to Australia in 2005 to take up a marketing position. Although the move wasn't meant to be permanent, she took Australian citizenship in 2007 and became eligible for selection on the Australian team in Beijing. 
She competed in the duet with Erika Leal-Ramirez, who had also represented another country in synchronised swimming, Mexico. The pair finished 21st from a field of 24. Glez was also a member of the Australian team which finished seventh, its best Olympic performance.
Glez is the founder of Sydney Emeralds club, which she started with Katerina Poorova. It grew from a tiny club to now a large club in Sydney. Among the Emeralds' alumni are Amie Thompson and Li-Ching Yew, who competed for Australia at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725884" title="Yashil">
Yashil

Yashil (, also Romanized as Yāshīl; also known as Bāshīl and Yāshel) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 218, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725906" title="Tingachhia">
Tingachhia

Tingachhia is a small locality in the township of Katihar in Bihar, India.
Tingachhia used to be a village but it is now part of Katihar municipality, within Ward No 31 and Ward No 35. 
The town is at a low elevation, and the landscape is crossed by dried streams. A natural drainage near the village is the Kathotia, which is dirty from sewage from the town. The Kosi canal passes near the village. Formerly much of the area was covered with orchards known as Phulwari- the prominent being Narayan Mandal Phulwari, Mohan Mahto Phulwari and Doma Babu Phulwari. Now all these Phulwaris are gone and unplanned houses are all around. Some of the wells in the area have dried up but the area receives good rainfall.
History.
Tingachhia is a very old settlement located on the trade route from the Bihar plateau to Madhesh region. The origin of the name "Tingachhia" means the place with three trees. The traders used to rest in the shade of these three trees and hence the name. Initially the area was lightly populated and most of the land owned by Zamindars were used for cultivation. With the increase in population the locality grew. A jute mill was set up which is now known as Purana Jute Mill. At the same time there was a match factory, but it has since been closed down as the result of multiple fires. Tingachhia has been a trade centre for raw jute. In the 1960s and 1970s the Jute gola of Mangal Chand Jain supplied jute to the mills of Katihar and Calcutta. 
The Government of Bihar set up two farms for the development of agriculture. One of the farms, known as Rajendra Jute Research Institute, is doing pioneering work in the area of jute cultivation. Under the aegis of the Government of India the Bihar government set up a Krishi Bazar Samiti (Agriculture Market Yard) for the marketing of agricultural produce in 1974. This samiti is the centre for trading of agricultural products for the entire Katihar district.
The godowns and offices of State Food Corporation and Central Ware Housing Corporation are located in the Bazar Samiti premises.
There is an office and centre of the Jute Corporation of India for the sale and purchase of jute.
Economy.
The area is dotted with rice mills and large godowns. The people are mostly engaged in trading and transportation activities. A sizeable segment of the population is employed in education as there are schools and coaching institutes in the area. Many people are government employees.
The Bazar Samiti is a big trading centre for paddy and jute. The town is also a center for trading in milk-giving livestock. High yielding animals are brought here from other parts of India and sold to the people of adjoining areas, including the province of West Bengal. The cost of living is cheap, particularly for fod. One can find fresh vegetables, fish, and pure milk at a very low prices. There are two firms which are engaged in manufacturing of agricultural equipments. These agricultural equipments are supplied to West Bengal and Nepal.
People and culture.
Most of the people in the area are settlers from outside commensurate with the industrialization and trading activities. The earliest prominent employer was the jute mills. People mostly speak Angika and Hindi; however, at home they speak their own language and Urdu. There is a sizable migrant population from Myanmar settled in the Burma Colony. Some refugees from Bangladesh have also chosen Tingachhia as their home. This locality boasts of two very old small colonies of Mushars (a scheduled caste) who speak a different dialect and have a unique cultural identity. However, with urbanization and mixing with other people their identity is at a crisis. The another distinct set of people are the Kadars. They are also a scheduled caste and boast of a distinct cultural identity. As in other parts of Bihar, the caste factor is on rise and slowly it is becoming the deciding factor in the day to day activities.
Communication.
Tingachhia is located at the southern fringe of Katihar Town. The main road is a highway that goes to Manihari. This highway bisects bisects Tingachhia ina north-south direction, and is a very busy life line of the rural area. Travelers use this road to get from Manihari to Kaanwar during the month of Shravan to offer Ganga-Jal to Lord Shiva. During all pious occasions requiring bathing in the river Ganges this road becomes busier. 
The locality is three kilometers southeast of the Katihar railway station. Rickshaws and hired cars and nowadays three wheelers are also available at the railway station. The nearest commercial airport is Bagdogra. Telecommunication facilities are available in the locality. One can choose from a fixed line via BSNL or mobile cell services of all the operators. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725911" title="Fremantle by-election, 1994">
Fremantle by-election, 1994

The 1994 Fremantle by-election was held in the Australian federal electorate of Fremantle in Western Australia on 12 March 1994. The by-election was triggered by the retirement of the sitting member, the Australian Labor Party's John Dawkins, on 4 February 1994. The writ for the by-election was issued on the same day.
Background.
John Dawkins had held Fremantle for the Labor Party since 1977, and he had been a minister in the Hawke and Keating governments, and had been Treasurer since December 1991. When the Cabinet rebelled against the budget he brought down in August 1993, Dawkins resigned from the Treasury and, after giving occasional signals of his rising disillusionment with political life, resigned from Parliament altogether.
The Labor party preselected former state Premier Dr Carmen Lawrence, who despite her party's defeat in the 1993 state election still maintained persistently high ratings in opinion polls, while the Liberal party preselected prominent businessman Geoff Hourn.
The campaign took place in the contest of tensions within the Liberal party over the leadership of Dr John Hewson, and parliamentary conflict over the sports rorts affair which had engulfed a Labor minister, and a tussle between the Senate and the Labor government over documents relating to media ownership changes.

</doc>
<doc id="18725914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725914" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Hyderabad in Pakistan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hyderabad in Pakistan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hyderabad (Lat: "Dioecesis Hyderabadensis in Pakistan") is a diocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Pakistan.
History.
Erected in 1958, the diocese was split off from the Archdiocese of Karachi. 
The diocese comprises parts of the Hyderabad, Larkana and Sukkur Divisions. In the Hyderabad Division: the Districts of Hyderabad, Badin, Sanghar, Mirpurkhas, Tharparkar and Thatta. In the Larkana Division: the Districts of Jacobabad and Shikarpur. In the Sukkur Division: the districts of Sukkur, Khairpur and Nawabshah. The main church is St. Francis Xavier Cathedral, Hyderabad.
In 2001, territory was lost along with additional territory in the Archdiocese of Karachi to form the Apostolic Prefecture of Quetta. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Karachi.
On September 16, 1988, Fr. Joseph Coutts of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lahore was ordained as Coadjutor Bishop of Hyderabad.
The Medical Mission Sisters in Hyderabad diocese, based at St. Teresa's Hospital in Mir Purkhas, have been training midwives since 1971 and implement public health programs in poor villages whose people cannot come to the hospital. 
In 1993 the Joty Educational and Cultural Centre for education and intereligious dialogue was established, which aims to build good relations with Muslims, marginalise all forms of integralism and violence and promote social harmony. It was initially opened in a small apartment in Hyderabad. In 2005 it has its own building with classrooms, a hall for prayer and meditation and a refectory. The Centre is directed by Fr. Anjou Soares. 
The current bishop is Max John Rodrigues, appointed in 1999.
The Golden Jubilee of the diocese was celebrated on Aug. 23 2007. It now has 15 priests serving an estimated 50,000 Catholics. The diocese has 45 educational institutes. Father John Murad was the vicar general of the diocese in 2007. 
The diocese also owns St. Elizabeth’s Hospital, Hyderabad, established in 1958 as a non-profit institution. The hospital has a 75 bed capacity. It provides medical care in Hyderabad and nearby Kotri, but also to the tribal people of interior Sindh especially from Badin, Matli and Nagar Parkar, irrespective of caste or creed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18725933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725933" title="Erika Leal-Ramirez">
Erika Leal-Ramirez

Erika Leal-Ramirez (born 11 July 1977) in Mexico City) is a synchronised swimmer who represented Mexico at the 1996 and 2000 Olympic Games and has been selected to represent Australia at the 2008 Games.
Leal-Ramirez, who is an electrical engineer, moved to Australia in 2003 to do a masters degree at RMIT. This in turn led to permanent residency and a job. She took Australian citizenship in 2007 and became eligible for selection on the Australian team in Beijing. She will compete in the duet with Myriam Glez, who also previously competed at the Olympics for another country, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18725957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725957" title="Erkin Bairam">
Erkin Bairam

Erkin Bairam (1958 - 21 May 2001 ) was a Cypriot-born economist who taught in the Department of Economics at the University of Otago, New Zealand.
Born in Nicosia, Cyprus, Bairam first studied at the University of Essex in Colchester, England, where he gained a BA (Hons) in Economics in 1980. He left Essex for the University of Hull, where he was awarded an MA in Econometrics in 1982. He then began work on his PhD thesis entitled "Returns to Scale, Technical Progress and Industrial Growth in the USSR and Eastern Europe: An Empirical Study, 1961-75", with John McCombie as his supervisor. He was awarded his doctorate in 1986 and the following year was appointed as a lecturer at the University of Otago. In 1991, after only four years and at the age of 33, he had risen to the rank of full professor.
Bairam died in Dunedin on 21 May 2001 at the age of 43. At the time of his death, he had published over 60 articles and 4 books. The department of economics at the University of Otago awards an annual undergraduate prize named in Bairam's honor.
Work.
Bairam's two main interests were the theoretical specification and estimation of aggregate production functions and the testing of Thirlwall's Law of economic growth. 
He also worked in applied econometrics and econometric theory and the areas of inflation and labour economics. He was also interested in the economics of sport, especially cricket and lacrosse, and published some papers in this area. 
Bairam also worked on calculating research rankings of economics departments. He published an article on this topic in the "Journal of Economic Literature".

</doc>
<doc id="18725959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725959" title="St. Giles' Catholic Church, Cheadle">
St. Giles' Catholic Church, Cheadle

St. Giles' Church is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Cheadle, Staffordshire, England. The Grade I listed church was designed by Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin.
History.
Origins.
The history of St. Giles' begins with the establishment of a Catholic mission in Cheadle by Fr. William Wareing, a future Bishop of Northampton. He was an assistant to Fr. Thomas Baddeley at Cresswell, and in the early 1820s he opened a small chapel in a private house in Charles Street, Cheadle. Among those attending Mass there was Charles, Earl of Shrewsbury, when he was stayed at Alton Abbey without his chaplain. As Fr. Wareings' efforts bore fruit, the room became inadequate for the growing numbers, and Lord Shrewsbury asked him to look for larger premises. Eventually he obtained, on the Earls' behalf, a building about in length which had been built as an armory for the local militia during the Napoleonic Wars, and the adjoining adjutant's house. This was converted into the new chapel, and the first resident priest was Fr. James Jeffries, appointed in 1827. In the same year the fifteenth Earl of Shrewsbury died and was succeeded by his nephew, John Talbot, as the sixteenth Earl. Earl John made Alton Abbey his principal residence and renamed it "Alton Towers".
The earl was zealous in promoting the Catholic cause following the 1829 Emancipation Act, and it was he who first bought Pugin to North Staffordshire in the autumn of 1837, initially as an architect and interior designer at the Towers. Convinced that Pugin was the greatest acquisition the Church had made for some time, the Earl soon resolved that he would make financial contributions only to churches designed by Pugin and built under his supervision. As the Earl's architect, Pugin paid frequent, and sometimes lengthy visits, to Alton Towers - a convenient base from which to supervise progress on his various buildings in the Midlands.
St. Giles' was vastly different in concept and design from the mean-looking chapels - such as the converted armory in Cheadle - in which Catholics were accustomed to worship under the Toleration Act; different too from the fashionable city chapels such as that in Warwick Street where the Talbot family worshipped when in London. Both kinds were, according to Pugin, wholly unfit for their purpose.
Gathering ideas.
At St. Giles' Pugin was able to further develop ideas from the recently completed St. Mary's church in Uttoxeter, through the assistance of generous funding promised by Lord Shrewsbury.
The site for St. Giles' was marked out by Pugin in 1841 and the church was aligned in such a way to obtain the best possible effect from the street. This meant modifying the traditional east-west alignment and placing the west end close to the frontage of Bank Street to allow the full height of the tower and spire to be seen from the junction of Cross Street and High Street, where the remains of the medieval market cross still stand.
Pugin also referred to St. Giles' as "my consolation in all afflictions", and there is no doubt that the freedom from restrictions, the resources available to him at Cheadle and the enthusiastic support of Lord Shrewsbury, compensated somewhat for the professional and personal disappointments he encountered elsewhere. He had suffered under the constraints imposed by church-building committees, the indifference of many clergy to his dreams of a Gothic England and the death in 1844 of his second wife, Louisa.
That St. Giles' increased in size and splendour as the work progressed was not just the result of Pugin's own enthusiasm for the project and his ability to prise additional sums of money from a reluctant patron. Lord Shrewsbury was himself committed to the promotion of the revived Gothic as a means of winning souls, and several of the alterations and additions at Cheadle were suggested by the earl himself.
The infinite care which Pugin took over St. Giles' is reflected in his wide-ranging search for what he called "authorities" (medieval precedents), for what he proposed. In 1840 he made a tour of what he called "the very cream" of Norfolk churches, in the course of preparation of his designs for Cheadle, drawing details of mouldings, tracery patterns and canopy work. His sketchbook from the tour survives in the Victoria and Albert Museum. East Anglican porches were Pugins' source of inspiration for the stone-vaulted south porch of St. Giles'. He studied surviving rood-screens in Norfolk, and the one at Castle Acre appears to have been particular favoured in his preparations for the Cheadle screen.
Not all of Pugin's authorities were English, however. Gothic was an international language with local and national dialects. On a visit to Antwerp in 1843 Pugin hoped to find "glorious details for the Cheadle windows" and "the most beautiful authorities for painted details at Cheadle above all". In May 1844 Pugin visited the recently restored Sainte-Chapelle| in Île de la Cité, Paris, a richly decorated private chapel built for King Louis IX in the mid-thirteenth century.
Building.
Great care was taken over the selection of the building materials, which came principally from local sources. There was an abundance of oak and elm on Lord Shrewsbury's Alton estate, and local quarries produced sandstones of various colours and textures. A new quarry for red and white sandstone was opened at Counslow Hill, between Cheadle and Alton, and from here came the stone for both St. Giles' and for the complex of buildings which Pugin and Earl Shrewsbury were developing in Alton village, namely Alton Castle and the hospital of St. John the Baptist.
It appears that Lord Shrewsbury himself suggested that alabaster should be used for the altars at Cheadle and St. John's, Alton. It carved beautifully and took fine detail, and in pre-Reformation times had been used extensively for statuary and ornamental work. There were local alabaster mines at Fauld, near Tutbury, but instead of being quarried in blocks, the material was simply being blasted out before being ground up to make gypsum, the principal ingredient for plaster-of-Paris.
A north porch was added, the south aisle was extended eastwards to form the Blessed Sacrament Chapel, the Lady Chapel was moved over to the North aisle, and the proposed Chapel of St. John was scrapped altogether. The sacristy was extended, and the "Rector's Door" on the south side of the chancel - planned originally to communicate with the priest's house - became superfluous when the location of the presbytery was moved north-east into Chapel Street.
It is a commonly held fallacy that the prime functions of the nave and aisles of a church are to seat as many people as possible. That had certainly not been the case in medieval times, when the nave and aisles were regarded not as an auditorium filled with a static body of people in fixed seats, but as a liturgical space in which there was movement and drama (for example the festal processions on high days and holy days, and the penitential processions in Lent). Though benches were not uncommon in medieval times, fixed seating as a generality came about only after the Reformation, and the arrangements in early nineteenth-century Catholic chapels were little different from those of Nonconformist ones, with seating often running right across the width of the building, and with galleries to provide extra accommodation. Pugin would have no such "protestantism's" at Cheadle. When Lord Shrewsbury proposed to fill St. Giles' with seats running the full width of the nave, without so much as a central passage, Pugin reacted with characteristic indignation.
The care which Pugin took over the design of the rood-screen for Cheadle and was passionate over the necessity of screens in general. The joiners began work in February 1842, and Pugin promised that it would be "the richest yet produced". All went well until, in order to cut costs, Lord Shrewsbury proposed to dispense with the services of an expert wood-carver. The screen could be finished instead by one of his own estate joiners, Thomas Harris, who had already produced carvings at Alton Towers' chapel and at St. John's in Alton. Pugin responded in half-joking fashion, accusing the Earl of penny-pinching, and heading his letter with sketches of a rood-screen and a block of cheese marked "2d 1/2" a pound. It is not known if the joiner returned.
Glazing and tiling.
Pugin experienced great difficulty in finding stained-glass artists able to make windows to his complete satisfaction, and at the right price. The process involved the working-up of Pugins' drawings into full-sized cartoons, and the production of accurate colours by fusing various pigments onto the glass in a kiln at controlled temperatures. For the Cheadle windows he employed William Wailes of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. With the exception of the figure of St. Giles' in the south aisle, which he had altered at his own expense, Pugin was generally pleased with Wailes' efforts, noting that some of his best craftsmen had gone to Normandy to make special studies of old-style glass.
Pugin believed that, after stained glass, encaustic tiles were amongst the most important forms of decorative art. By the winter of 1843 Pugin was able to tell Lord Shrewsbury that the tiles for Cheadle were proceeding well and that they would have "the finest floor in Europe"
The tiles for the chancel and the Chapel of the Blessed Sacrament were both rich and expensive. Lord Shrewsbury was concerned that they would be damaged by being constantly walked upon, so he suggested putting down carpets which, in Pugin's view, defeated the object of tiles at all. The Clerk of works, John Denny, suggested a solution: the priest and his assistants would be required to wear special cloth overshoes. Lord Shrewsbury warmed to the idea and told Pugin: "You may have your tiles and we shall want no carpet."
Consecration.
The date for the consecration of St. Giles was fixed originally for September 1845 but, with the various alterations, this proved to be overly optimistic. Pugin noted that the spire was topped on 27 June 1845, but the bells did not arrive until January 1846. The bell inscriptions, in Gothic lettering, included invocations of Our Lady, St. Giles, St. Chad and St. Francis.
The consecration of the church was postponed for twelve months, but by March 1846 Pugin could not guarantee even that, unless Lord Shrewsbury would allow him to keep a full work-force including joiners and painters. Of particular concern were the great crucifix and carved figures for the roodscreen, which were being made by George Myers at Lambeth. The loss of the sculptor Thomas Roddis, who died in October 1845, was another sad blow, for although Roddis had completed his works at St. Giles' by this time, his contribution to the building was substantial and of superb quality.
The consecration of St. Giles' was spread over two days: Monday 31 August and Tuesday 1 September 1846. Pugin was much involved in the ceremonial preparations and also with practical arrangements for getting guests into the church. Cheadle was not served directly by rail with the nearest station being Stafford, and then transport by horse and carriage. The consecration on 31 August 1846 was essentially a private affair in which the building, its furnishings and ornaments were solemnly blessed by Bishop Wiseman, culminating in a High Mass. In the evening Lord Shrewsbury entertained a party of 54 distinguished guests to a dinner at Alton Towers. The more public part of the consecration took place the following morning - St. Giles' Day - when spectators gathered from miles into the streets of Cheadle to witness sights and sounds not experienced since the Reformation: the procession of ten Catholic bishops and two archbishops in full pontifical robes.
Significance.
The importance of St. Giles' lies in the fact that everything about it is the product of one brilliant mind. Pugin understood all the principles of Gothic art and architecture and knew how to apply them. His busy schedule allowed time for daily Mass as well as morning and evening prayers at home, and he regarded himself first and foremost as a servant of the church as "a builder up of men's minds and idea's as well as material edifices". It is this which distinguishes Pugin as the principal architect of the Gothic Revival, and St. Giles' as the perfect expression of what he believed an English church should be.
Bell Ringing.
The bells of Cheadle ring to celebrate Mass weekly on either a Saturday evening (16:30-17:00) or Sunday morning (10:00-10:30). Practice takes place on a Tuesday evening.

</doc>
<doc id="18725980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18725980" title="Mehraban">
Mehraban

Mehraban may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18726038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726038" title="R53">
R53

R53 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726039" title="David A. Martin">
David A. Martin

David A. Martin (1937 – August 2, 1987) was a founding member and original bass player for the rock group Sam the Sham, and recorded all their early hits on MGM Records. Martin also co-wrote the group's #1 hit "Wooly Bully" which sold over three million records. After leaving the group in late 1965, he returned to Garland, Texas, a Dallas suburb, where he operated a television and video repair shop, located on Lavon Drive (Highway 78), until his death.
A native of Dallas, Texas, Martin started his musical career in 1959 with a band called Tommy & the Tom Toms, which became The Bill Smith Combo in 1960, and recorded several singles for Chess Records. He also worked with Gene Summers, Freddy Fender and Scotty McKay.
Martin died in August 1987 from a heart attack, at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="18726058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726058" title="1932 Chatham Cup">
1932 Chatham Cup

The 1932 Chatham Cup was the tenth annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with seven regional associations (Auckland, Walkato, Wellington, Manawatu, Buller, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Auckland YMCA, Hamilton Wanderers, St. Andrews (Manawatu), Wellington Marist, Riccarton, Millerton All Blacks and Maori Hill (Dunedin).
The 1932 final.
Wellington Marist's Eddie Barton became the third player in Chatham Cup history to score a final hat-trick, in front of a crowd of 5000 at the Basin Reserve. The five-goal margin in the final remained a record until 1958. The game was described by contemporary sources as being a fine one, though it was one-sided. The first goal came after 25 minutes when Marist's Stan Marshment scrambled the ball across the line. Barton doubled the score before the interval. In the second half, playing with the stiff breeze, Jim Kershaw (later to become NZFA Chairman) curled the ball into the net directly from a corner. Millerton didn't take the opportunity to pull one back, missing a penalty, and Marist rubbed home the win with two further goals from Barton late on.
Millerton, a busy coalmining town in the 1930s, is now a ghost town.

</doc>
<doc id="18726068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726068" title="River Menalhyl">
River Menalhyl

The River Menalhyl (, meaning "river of the estuary mill") is a river in Cornwall, England, UK, that flows through the civil parishes of St Columb Major and Mawgan-in-Pydar. Its length is about 12 miles and it flows in a generally north-west direction. The name comes from the Cornish words "melyn" meaning mill and "heyl" meaning estuary - "estuary mills". The name was recorded as "Mellynheyl" in the 19th century, but it had been known as "Glyvion".
The source of the river's longest branch is near Nine Maidens, about 2 miles to the north of St Columb, at a height of approximately 490 feet above mean sea level. The Menalhyl enters the sea at Mawgan Porth on the north coast of the county, .
Tributaries to the river include one that rises between the village of Tregonetha and Castle an Dinas, and one whose source is south-east of Tregatillian. A smaller river, from Talskiddy, joins the Menalhyl a short distance from its mouth.
The river flows through the settlements of St Columb (the north part of the town, known as "Bridge"), St Mawgan and Mawgan Porth. Its valley, from St Columb downstream, is called the Vale of Lanherne; it is wooded for much of its length and is popular with walkers.
There are a small number of disused mills along the length of the Menalhyl, and the river feeds some small lakes and ponds. It is also used for agricultural purposes along most of its course.
The river is enjoyed by anglers, especially in its lower course, and fish species such as brown trout, sea trout, lamprey, eel and minnow have been recorded.
The bedrock of the catchment area is comprised, in the main, of Devonian calcareous slates, grits and limestone.

</doc>
<doc id="18726072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726072" title="R54">
R54

R54 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726074" title="Hot Property (Australian TV series)">
Hot Property (Australian TV series)

Hot Property is a Channel Seven show that has aired since 1999. The program is hosted by Michael Caton. The half hour show looks at problems Australians face when wanting to buy, build, renovate or rent homes. After a year off in 2006, the show returned in July 2007 on Sunday nights at 7pm. The premiere episode rated 1.3 million viewers and ranked 21 for the week. The show will return for a new season in 2008.
In 2010, the program moved to the Nine Network, Caton is returning as host and it is expected to be aired in 28 July 2010.
Hot Property returned to air in 2012 on Thursday 17 May at 8pm.
Hot Auctions.
Between 2000 and 2003, the program changed its name to "Hot Auctions", and focused more on the auction process rather than renovations. Each episode would traditionally contain up to three different auctions.

</doc>
<doc id="18726109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726109" title="Harry Bowcott">
Harry Bowcott

Harry Bowcott (1907–2004) was a Welsh international rugby union centre who played club rugby for Cardiff and London Welsh and later became president of the Welsh Rugby Union.
Club career.
Bowcott was a product of the Welsh Secondary Schools Rugby Union system, playing competitive matches while still a schoolboy. Educated at Cardiff High School he was taught rugby by school's rugby coach Eric Evans. Bowcott was part of the Wales Secondary Schools team that beat Yorkshire Schools 18-13 at Pontypridd in April 1926, playing alongside him in that young team were future Welsh internationals J.D. Bartlett and Guy Morgan. He graduated to St Catharine's College, Cambridge and while at university was awarded the Sporting Blue playing on the winning team in the 1927 and 1928 Varsity match. Bowcott would later play for Cardiff and then London Welsh when he moved to London to become a civil servant. 
Bowcott later became a Welsh selector from 1963 to 1974, and in 1974 was made president of the Welsh Rugby Union. He died in 2004 in Wenvoe, Vale of Glamorgan at the age of 97.
International rugby career.
Bowcott was first capped for Wales in 1929, while still at Cambridge, at Swansea against Scotland alongside fellow school friend Guy Morgan. The next year Bowcott was captain of Wales, and he would play for his country on eight occasions. He was also part of the famous 1933 Welsh team that finally beat England at Twickenham. Although it was Ronnie Boon who scored all the Welsh points, Bowcott's kicking during the second half of the match ensured that the English were unable to get back into the game.
Bowcott was chosen to join the Lions on their tour of New Zealand and Australia in 1930, and played in 20 of the 27 matches, including all four test matches. He was partnered at centre with Carl Aarvold, a former light blue.
International matches played.
Wales
Great Britain

</doc>
<doc id="18726139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726139" title="Giacomo Rho">
Giacomo Rho

Giacomo Rho (born 1593 in Milan; died 27 April 1638 in Beijing) was an Italian Jesuit missionary in China.
Life.
The son of a jurist, Rho entered the Society of Jesus at the age of twenty. While later proficient in mathematics, he was a poor student initially. 
Following his ordination in Rome by Cardinal Bellarmine, he sailed for the Far East in 1617 with forty-four companions. After a brief stay in Goa he proceeded to Macao. During the siege of that city by Dutch forces, he taught the inhabitants the best use of artillery, and saved it from the attack. This service opened China to him. 
Rho rapidly acquired a knowledge of the Chinese language and in 1631 he was summoned to Beijing by the emperor to work on reform of the Chinese calendar. Together with Johann Adam Schall von Bell, he occupied himself on this task until the end of his life seven years later, in 1638. Numerous Chinese officials attended his funeral. 
Rho left works relative both to the correction of the Chinese calendar and to other astronomical and theological questions.

</doc>
<doc id="18726162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726162" title="Darwin's World">
Darwin's World

Darwin's World, created by Dominic Covey, is a post-apocalyptic role-playing game first published under the d20 Open Game License in 2001. Originally designed as a quick adaptation of the 3rd Edition Dungeons & Dragons rules, the game has since been greatly expanded and revised and now utilizes the d20 Modern rules. Several "Darwin's World" books and supplements have seen print, though most support for the game is still only available in PDF format. In 2010, RPGObjects began producing game books using Pinnacle's Savage Worlds system. 
"Darwin's World" was nominated for an Ennie award (Best d20 Game) in 2002.
The online e-zine, Post Apocalyptic Dispatch, continues to provide short articles that support game play for both gamemasters and players alike. The game is still heavily supported with new material coming out on a regular basis.
Mature Themes.
Unlike many existing post-apocalyptic role-playing games, "Darwin's World" is often described as a darker and more "realistic" game system. In specific, its use of real-life deformities and genetic diseases to portray character defects, as well as issues like slavery, racism, and drug use give it a grittier quality than most post-apocalyptic RPGs, which often have a fantastic or "comic book" feel that requires a broader willingness to suspend disbelief.
Versions 2.0 and 2.5.
While the original "Darwin's World" books clearly put forth a timeline and history, the second edition (and most recent edition, v2.5) has a broader focus intending to provide rules, suggestions, and guidelines for any kind of post-apocalyptic campaign setting. The default setting remains a wasteland created by global nuclear/biological/chemical warfare, however (See Weapon of mass destruction). There is a strong focus on regions that once constituted the Midwest and Western United States; numerous modules published for the game are nominally set in "desert" or "wasteland" areas. More specific locations include the desert trade town of Tucumcari, the sunken city of Bakersfield and its strange subterranean monsters, the overgrown ruins of Los Angeles, a San Francisco overrun by anti-technology zealots, and a decadent society thriving in the futuristic domed cities of the Midwest. One supplement went into great detail exploring the fate of the Pacific Northwest.
Game Supplements.
A wide range of supplements, sourcebooks, and modules are available for "Darwin's World".
Real-Life Inspiration.
Numerous adventures written for "Darwin's World" either briefly feature, reference, or center around real-life places and events. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="18726165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726165" title="R57">
R57

R57 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726173" title="Silver Bears (film)">
Silver Bears (film)

Silver Bears is a 1978 joint British- and American-produced comedy thriller film directed by Ivan Passer and starring Michael Caine, Cybill Shepherd, Louis Jourdan and Joss Ackland. Caine portrays mob accountant "Doc" Fletcher who acquires a Swiss bank and a silver mine but must fight a complex struggle in order to keep hold of them.
Plot summary.
Financial wizard "Doc" Fletcher (Michael Caine) persuades his boss, American mobster Joe Fiore (Martin Balsam), to buy up a Swiss bank in order to more easily launder their ill-gotten gains. The impoverished Italian Prince Gianfranco di Siracusa (Louis Jourdan) agrees to act as chairman of the board in order to give it an air of respectability. "Doc" goes to Lugano, a major center of banking activity, along with the Don's wayward son Albert (Jay Leno), only to find that the best bank that the Prince could get consists of some shabby offices above a pizza restaurant with assets of $900.
To make up for this, the Prince suggests that they invest in a silver mine recently discovered in Iran by his distant cousins, Agha Firdausi (David Warner) and his sister Shireen (Stéphane Audran). The mine contains hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of untapped silver. The Firdausis wish to keep it a secret due to the heavy taxes and the threat of the mine being nationalised by the government. Through a little wheeler-dealing, "Doc" manages to obtain $5 million in Iranian rials from Agha — as security for a loan of $20 million — and uses the money to obtain better banking premises and put on a major show that attracts powerful investors.
Before long the Firdausi silver is flooding the market which leads to a drop in its value at the London Metal Exchange. Charlie Cook (Charles Gray), a leading figure in the silver business and one of the richest men in the world, decides that the best way to stop the downward plunge is to take over the bank responsible and thus close down the mine. He contacts Henry Foreman (Joss Ackland), president of the First National Bank of California, who is keen on branching into Europe. Foreman sends one of his accountants, Donald Luckman (Tom Smothers), to Lugano where he meets "Doc" and his associates. His questions and evasive attitude makes them suspicious and to find out more "Doc" approaches and seduces Donald's fun-loving but bored and neglected wife Debbie (Cybill Shepherd).
In the course of their affair, Debbie casually reveals in conversation all about Cook's interest in the mine and the bank. Donald, unaware of what is going on, returns and offers up to $60 million for the bank (which is really worth only about a sixth of the amount). "Doc" will have none of it since it means losing everything he has ever worked for, but Albert and Joe Fiore, who actually owns the bank, jump at the opportunity. "Doc" goes to Las Vegas and, through a subtle threat, manages to get Joe to give him time to made a bid of his own.
"Doc" and the Prince join the Firdausis at their warehouse in Dubai which is full to the brim with silver bars from the mine. When they tell him that they cannot lend him $60 million to buy the bank, "Doc" threatens to call in the earlier loan of $20 million and seize the mine. It's at this point that Agha and Shireen drop a bombshell on their two friends: there is no silver mine!
The Firdausis are in fact smugglers who have obtained all their silver from India. The silver mine was just a cover, a means of obtaining the money needed for their operation. "Doc" faces a terrible dilemma: if he tells Charlie Cook that the mine does not exist the deal will collapse and "Doc" will be killed (literally) by Joe Fiore; but if he does not tell Cook, the deal will go through and "Doc" will lose the bank.
The deal does go through with Foreman and Donald Luckman sealing it with "Doc" and Albert Fiore. In his report on the purchase of the bank Donald has left out all mention of the silver mine, as per the instructions of Foreman and Cook, who was keen to keep it secret, and put the bank's main assets down as "oil storage tanks". Foreman then goes to Cook and demands an exorbitant amount for the silver mine only to be told that it does not exist and that he will thus not be refunded the $60 million used to buy the bank.
Foreman can recoup $50 million in insurance since the purchase report mentions non-existent "oil storage tanks", thus making a case for fraud. "Doc" offers to give Foreman an additional $10 million which he will get from Cook who, in return, will obtain exclusive purchasing rights to the Firdausi silver. In exchange, Foreman gives "Doc" the bank — which was really only worth $10 million in the first place. Donald then reveals that for the insurance claim to be valid there will have to be a criminal prosecution and a scapegoat will be needed in order to go to prison. The others agree, deciding that it should be the one who falsified the report — meaning Donald himself!
Some time later, back in Lugano, the Prince marries Shireen Firdausi, even though he was one of those whom she conned into believing in the existence of the mine. Agha does not attend the wedding and Shireen admits that he was in fact an actor she hired since she doubted if a bank would loan $20 million to a woman. "Doc" for his part comes across Debbie who has been attending Donald's trial for fraud. She has promised to get a place near the jail in order to be close to him and indicates, with a smile, that "Doc"'s house is conveniently near the prison itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18726174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726174" title="Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball">
Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball

The Seton Hall Pirates men's basketball program is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate men's basketball program of Seton Hall University in South Orange, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The team competes in the Big East Conference and plays their home games in the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey.
History.
Seton Hall first season of basketball occurred in 1903–04, but the school did not field a team again until 1908–09, the year in which the university achieved their first winning season. The school adopted the Pirate mascot in 1931, and the teams soon gained national prominence with the arrival of John "Honey" Russell in 1936. During an 18-year span, the Pirates racked up a 295–129 record that included an undefeated 19–0 record in 1939–40 as part of a 41-game unbeaten streak. Walsh Gymnasium was opened in 1941 to permanently house the basketball team and featured one of the best Seton Hall teams of all time, termed the "Wonder Five", which led by All-American Bob Davies, earned the school's first NIT bid in 1941. Following World War II, the Pirates were led by stars Frank Saul and Bobby Wanzer and regularly played games at Madison Square Garden. The peak of this era occurred in 1953 when Richie Regan and Walter Dukes defeated rival St. John's University for the NIT title. Perhaps the low point for the team occurred in 1961 when a point shaving scandal sullied the program, but the Pirates rebounded to return to the NIT in 1974 under coach Bill Raftery. Seton Hall became a charter member of the Big East Conference in 1979.
The high point of the Big East era for Seton Hall came when P. J. Carlesimo was hired in 1982 and the team began playing in the Meadowlands Arena. By 1988, Carlesimo led the Pirates to the school's first NCAA tournament appearance, and in 1989, he led the Hall to an unexpected tournament run to the NCAA Championship game, where they were defeated by Michigan in overtime. Success under Carlesimo continued with a Big East Tournament Championship and an Elite Eight appearance in 1991, a regular season Big East Championship and Sweet Sixteen appearance in 1992, and Big East Regular Season and Big East Tournament Championships in 1993. Carlesimo left to coach in the NBA following the 1993–94 season, but Seton Hall returned to the Sweet Sixteen in 2000 guided by coach Tommy Amaker, and appeared in the NCAA tournament in 2004 and 2006 coached by Louis Orr. In 2006–07, Bobby Gonzalez was hired to lead the Pirates, which moved its home games into the Prudential Center in 2007. Gonzalez amassed a 66–59 record at Seton Hall but was fired at the conclusion of the 2009–10 after a first-round NIT loss to Texas Tech. Concerns were raised in-house about the direction Gonzalez was taking the program, punctuated by several incidents, some involving Gonzalez and others involving student athletes. Shortly after his dismissal Gonzales was arrested for shoplifting. Seton Hall hired current coach Kevin Willard for the 2010–11 season. Willard, the son of a prominent college coach, has yet to turn the corner at Seton Hall, struggling to maintain a .500 record through his first four seasons. Still young, Willard has the apparent support of the Administration and fan base and in the opinion of knowledgeable Hall observers, will be likely be afforded a fifth season to right the Pirate ship, based upon an uptick in recruiting and for fostering an improving public image of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="18726190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726190" title="William Milne (politician)">
William Milne (politician)

Sir William Milne (17 May 1822 – 23 April 1895) was an Australian entrepreneur and politician, serving as the member for Onkaparinga in the South Australian House of Assembly from 1857 to 1868. He was elected to the South Australian Legislative Council in 1869, and was its president from 25 July 1873 to 1881.
Born in Wester-Common, near Glasgow, Milne was educated in Glasgow and emigrated to South Australia, arriving in the "Palmyra" at Port Adelaide on 29 October 1839, where he became a successful wine and spirit merchant. Milne married Eliza Disher on 4 March 1842. They had three sons and five daughters.
In 1857 Milne sold his distillery and was elected to the South Australian House of Assembly as one of the members for Onkaparinga. Milne served as commissioner of Crown Lands and immigration in the ministry of John Baker from 21 August to 1 September 1857, under Richard Hanson from 5 July 1859 to 9 May 1860, under Henry Ayers from 22 July to 4 August 1864 and under James Boucaut from 28 March 1866 to 3 May 1867. In the ministry of George Marsden Waterhouse, Milne served as Commissioner of Public Works from 19 February 1862 to 4 July 1863, and in the Arthur Blyth ministry from 4 August 1864 to 22 March 1865.
Milne transferred to the Legislative Council in 1869 and was elected its president in 1873, serving until his retirement in 1881. Milne served as chief secretary in the John Hart ministry from 30 May 1870 to 10 November 1871 and under Blyth from 10 November 1871 to 22 January 1872.
When Milne was in the Crown Lands Department, he introduced a regulation to encourage farmers to buy land; introduced an amendment to the Scab in Sheep Act which helped to eliminate the disease; and introduced drainage to reclaim tracts of land.
Milne was a member of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society and its president from 1860 to 1861.
Knighted in 1876, Milne died in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="18726198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726198" title="R58">
R58

R58 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726215" title="Dreams of Breathing Underwater">
Dreams of Breathing Underwater

Dreaming of Breathing Underwater is a 2008 album by folk singer and violin player Eliza Carthy. It is seen by many as a successor to her 2000 album Angels and Cigarettes .
Track listing.
All tracks written by Eliza Carthy and Ben ivitsky except "Hug You Like a Mountain" (Rory McLeod)

</doc>
<doc id="18726223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726223" title="Homoerotic poetry">
Homoerotic poetry

Homoerotic poetry is a genre of poetry implicitly dealing with same sex romantic or sexual interaction. The male-male erotic tradition encompasses poems by major poets such as Abu Nuwas, Walt Whitman, Federico García Lorca, W. H. Auden, Fernando Pessoa and Allen Ginsberg. In the female-female tradition, authors may include those such as Sappho, "Michael Field", and Maureen Duffy. Other poets wrote poems and letters with homoerotic overtones toward individuals, such as Emily Dickinson to her sister-in-law Susan Huntington Gilbert.
English poetry.
The most prominent example in the English language and in the Western canon is that of the sonnets by William Shakespeare. Though some critics have made efforts to preserve Shakespeare's literary credibility by claiming his work to be non-erotic in nature, no critic has disputed that the majority of Shakespeare's sonnets concern explicitly male-male love poetry. The only other Renaissance artist writing in English to do this was the poet Richard Barnfield, who, in "The Affectionate Shepherd" and "Cynthia," wrote homoerotic poetry. Barnfield's poems, furthermore, are now widely accepted as a major influence upon Shakespeare's.
In the twentieth century, W. H. Auden and Allen Ginsberg became well known as poets. In Great Britain the pederast Ralph Chubb lived in poverty and produced his own books in limited editions made from illustrated engravings (similar to methods employed by William Blake), which he then erased. 
During the 19th century the British gay poet Digby Mackworth Dolben was little known; however, in the last decade Lord Alfred Douglas produced a major volume of Dolben's homoerotic poems (1896) published in Paris, written in both English and French translations after the trial of Oscar Wilde for homosexual offences brought about largely by Wilde's love for Douglas. Wilde in "De Profundis", a poem about his prison experiences which broke him and led to his death in 1900 in Paris, produced an enduring poem. At the same time A. E. Housman gave voice to gay feelings of fear and guilt in a still-criminalized situation in his "A Shropshire Lad" (1896). In the twentieth century Noël Coward wrote witty gay poems while the magician Aleister Crowley wrote works in English.
The British savant Anthony Reid created the largest male homosexual anthology of poems: "The Eternal Flame" (2 volumes, 1992–2002) which he worked on for nearly fifty years; publication of the second volume was held up by the publisher going bankrupt. The excellent Canadian gay poet Ian Young produced the first major bibliography with his works "The Male Homosexual in Literature" (2 editions, the second being expanded). The Australian gay poet Paul Knobel's CD-ROM 'An Encyclopedia of Male Homosexual Poetry and its Reception History' (2002) is the largest survey of the subject and comes to one million words with overviews covering over 250 languages and language groups. He has also published "A World Overview of Male Homosexual Poetry" (2005). Gregory Woods has produced other studies, including a history of gay literature with some reference to poetry.
The period since gay liberation (from 1968) has produced dozens of gay poetry anthologies (e.g. 2 edited by Ian Young alone and others by Winston Leyland producer of the excelleny gay lib periodical "Gay Sunshine", which included poetry); this has mainly been the result of the increasing decriminalisation of gay sex in the Anglo world (male homosexual acts were decriminalized in France in the late 18th century and in Italy in the late 19th). Notable United States gay poets include Dennis Cooper, Gavin Dillard, John Gill, Dennis Kelly, Tom Meyer, Paul Monette, Harold Norse and Jonathan Williams. Jamse S. Holmes was a leather poet who emigrated to Amsterdam. Daryl Hine from Canada and David Herkt and Paul Knobel from Australia have written fine gay poems. New Zealand has a vibrant gay culture and has produced some gay poets. The Canadian gay poet Edward A. Lacey died after being run over in the street while drunk in Bangkok; repatriated to Canada, he remained bedridden. His complete poems were only published in the early 21st century. The British poet Thom Gunn lived in the United States and wrote a notable volume inspired by AIDS (which has produced several anthologies).
European poetry.
The first modern European gay anthology was in German compiled by Elisar von Kupffer (1900); it was followed by the poetry and prose anthology "Iolaus" compiled by the homosexual British socialist Edward Carpenter, which has remained in print almost continuously until today. The 1978 anthology French gay anthology with much poetry and excellent illustrations, "Lamoure bleu" (French for "blue love", that is, forbidden love) has been translated into German and English and remains in print.
Italian has Michelangelo, the painter and sculptor, who wrote gay love sonnets while Sandro Penna is a later poet. The Venetian gay poet Mario Stefani died in still unexplained circumstances in the early 21st century. Renzo Paris is a notable contemporary poet.
In French there is Rimbaud and Verlaine, who were lovers; some of Verlaine's poems published in the early 1890s were the first open modern French gay poems and influenced Oscar Wilde. Jean Cocteau wrote in the twentieth century where Jean Genet also wrote some gay poems.
In German Adolf Brand wrote gay poetry in the early part of the twentieth century as well as producing the major gay periodical "Der Eigene" ("The Special"; 1898–1931), which published gay poetry. The Swiss gay magazine "Der Kreis" ("The circle") carried the flame of gay poetry in the second world war when the Nazi regime in Germany imprisoned many homosexuals, leading to their deaths. Nils Hallbeck was a Swedish gay poet and in the opinion of Anthony Reid, his English translator, one of the finest gay poets ever. Danish and Dutch have also produced fine gay poets.
Spain produced García Lorca, who was shot in the Spanish civil war, and many others. For South American poets, see the bilingual anthology "Now the Volcano" (San Francisco, 1979). Antonio Botto is the best known Portuguese poet to write open gay poems; he later lived in Brazil where he died. In Brazil, a gay anthology was produced in 1978 called "Poemas do amor mandate" ("Poems of doomed love").
Baltic & Middle Eastern.
Russian has Kuzmin and Gennady Trifonov (who was imprisoned for writing homosexual poems which were not at the time published). Valery Pereleshin lived in exile in Brazil where he produced a significant body of gay poetry. Poland had gay poets in the early part of the twentieth century and has an increasingly open gay culture. Brane Mozetic writes in Slovene.
Turkey has a huge gay poetry heritage as does medieval Hebrew. Hebrew gay poetry has been discussed by Norman Roth, Jefim Schirmann and Dan Pagis and dates from the Middle Ages in Spain. C. M. Naim surveyed gay poetry in an article in "Studies in the Urdu ghazal and Prose Fiction" (1979) and Ralph Russell has dealt with the subject in various books.
Very little is known about oral homosexual poems in African cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="18726271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726271" title="Blanton, Oklahoma">
Blanton, Oklahoma

Blanton is an unincorporated community in Garfield County, Oklahoma, United States. It was a rail stop for two rail lines, one of which used to transport grain until the mid-1990s.
Geography.
Blanton is located at , 3.4 miles WNW of Enid, Oklahoma. It is a part of the Lower Cimarron-Skeleton Watershed.
Blanton is currently located on mile 548.2 of the main track of BNSF Railway's Texas Division.
History.
As early as 1909, Blanton was a rail stop for the St. Louis-San Francisco Railway. A second railline existed at Blanton junction, running to Kiowa, Kansas. This line, originally built for the Denver, Enid and Gulf Railroad, and later sold to Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe was used to transport grain until the mid-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18726299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726299" title="Ralioke">
Ralioke

Ralioke is a village near Daska in the Sialkot District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.
Geography.
A road passes through the village and links it to Daska, Sambrial (home of the Sialkot International Airport), and larger cities such as Sialkot and Gujranwala via Bhilo Mahar and Motra Thana (a police station).
Nala Aiek stream.
Ralioke is inhabited on the bank of an ancient natural stream known as "Nala Aiek" (Nala stands for stream in the local Punjabi language). This stream causes floods in the monsoon season. This stream was the source of water for the villages of this area from the ancient era along with water wells. Today, though, this historic stream is polluted with drain waters.
History.
In 997 CE, Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi, took over the Ghaznavid dynasty empire established by his father, Sultan Sebuktegin, In 1005 he conquered the Shahis in Kabul in 1005, and followed it by the conquests of Punjab region. The Delhi Sultanate and later Mughal Empire ruled the region. The Punjab region became predominantly Muslim due to missionary Sufi saints whose dargahs dot the landscape of Punjab region. 
After the decline of the Mughal Empire, the Sikh invaded and occupied Sialkot District. The Muslims faced severe restrictions during the Sikh rule. During the period of British rule, Sialkot District increased in population and importance. 
The predominantly Muslim population supported Muslim League and Pakistan Movement. After the independence of Pakistan in 1947, the minority Hindus and Sikhs migrated to India while the Muslims refugees from India settled down in the Sialkot District.
Religion.
The town is predominantly Muslim with small Christian and Ahmadi minority. 
Language.
Punjabi and Urdu are the basic languages of the people. The new generation also speaks English.
Calendar.
Three calendars are often used by the villagers. Old age people are well conversant with the Islamic calendar and the Bikrami calendar. Nowadays, though, the most commonly used calendar is the Christian calendar, which is also known as the Gregorian calendar. Almost all the festivals, falling in these calendars, are observed with enthusiasm.
Economy and basic professions.
Ralioke is an agriculture based village. Professions in it include:
Crops.
Wheat, rice, sunflower, sugarcane, potato, tobacco, Oilseeds, tomatoes, carrots, spinach, leaf vegetables, stem vegetables, onion, garlic and vegetables are major crops harvested by farmers of the village. Crops are divided into two major groups (Rabi crop and Kharif crop). Besides these, farmers keep buffalos and cows for dairy products (e.g. milk, butter, cheese) and goat, sheep and hens/ducks for meat and eggs.
Educational institutions.
Only one Government Primary (up to 5th class) School, which does not have a proper building, exists in the village. Children get education under the trees. For further or proper education students go to the nearby villages Baddoke Cheema and Jamke where middle (up to 8th class) and high schools (up to 10th class) are situated. After matriculation (10th class) students go to Daska, Sialkot or Gujranwala for College education.

</doc>
<doc id="18726314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726314" title="Betsy Gray Cup">
Betsy Gray Cup

The Betsy Gray Cup is awarded by the GAA in County Down, for the pursuit of Gaelic games. It is named after the local rebel Betsy Gray who died in the 1798 rebellion.

</doc>
<doc id="18726340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726340" title="R64">
R64

R64 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726345" title="Jacques-François le Sueur">
Jacques-François le Sueur

Jacques-François le Sueur was an 18th-century French Jesuit missionary and linguist, of the Abnaki mission in Canada.
Life.
He entered the Jesuit novitiate in 1704 or 1705, and arrived in Canada in 1715 or 1716. He studied the language for some months at the Abnaki mission of Sillery, and then began work at St. Francis, the principal Abnaki mission, remaining there until 1727 or later. 
He was at Montreal in 1730 and during 1749-54. According to Maurault, he arrived in Canada in June, 1715, and after a short stay at Sillery was sent to Bécancour, another Abnaki mission, on the St. Lawrence River, where, with the exception of occasional parochial service, he remained until 1753, when he retired to Quebec.
Works.
He wrote, besides prayers, sermons, etc., in the Abnaki language, an account of the Calumet Dance, which gave so much trouble to the early missionaries. The original French manuscript is preserved at St. Francis mission, Pierreville, Canada, and was published in the "Soirées Canadiennes" of 1864. Manuscript copies are in St. Mary's College, Montreal, and with the Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison. 
According to Maurault, he compiled also a Dictionary of Abnaki, of 900 pages.

</doc>
<doc id="18726361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726361" title="1997–98 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season">
1997–98 Sheffield Wednesday F.C. season

The 1997–98 season was Sheffield Wednesday F.C.'s 131st season. They competed in the twenty-team Premiership, the top tier of English football, finishing sixteenth.
Season summary.
Having narrowly missed out on a UEFA Cup place in 1996–97, the club record £5.7 million signing of Italian striker Paolo Di Canio from Celtic gave Owls fans hopes of another challenge for Europe. But it was not to be, and by the time they lost 6–1 to Manchester United in November, relegation was looking a real possibility. Manager David Pleat was swiftly sacked, and Ron Atkinson – manager of the 1991 promotion and League Cup winning side – returned to the manager's seat on a short-term contract. He achieved safety in 16th place, and was disappointed on being told that his contract would not be renewed. He was succeeded by Danny Wilson, a former Owls player who played for them in the early, more successful part of the decade.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Sheffield Wednesday's score comes first"

</doc>
<doc id="18726383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726383" title="R65">
R65

R65 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726386" title="James A. Jackson">
James A. Jackson

James Anthony Jackson, FRS, (b. December 12, 1954), is Professor of Active Tectonics and Head of Bullard Laboratories, Department of Earth Sciences, Cambridge University. He made his name in geophysics, using earthquake source seismology to examine how continents are deformed. His central research focus is to observe the active processes shaping our continents.
Education and career.
Jackson was born and raised in India, which probably established his interest in all aspects of Asia, which is where much of his current research has been concentrated.
Jackson attended the University of Cambridge graduating with a 1st Class degree in Geology in 1976. Then, under the tutelage of Dan McKenzie at the Bullard Laboratories, Cambridge, he received his PhD in 1980. His research used earthquakes to study the processes that produce the major surface features of the continents, such as mountain belts and basins.
Between 1977 and 1981 he was a Visiting Scientist in the Seismic Discrimination Group at MIT before returning to Cambridge to take up a Research Fellow position in Queens' College, Cambridge, where he became Assistant Dean in 1983. In 1984, he was appointed as an Assistant Lecturer in the Department of Earth Sciences, Cambridge, Lecturer in 1988 and Reader in 1996. He was made Professor of Active Tectonics in the Department of Earth Sciences in 2003.
Current Research.
Using evidence from earthquakes, remote sensing, geodesy and geomorphology he is able to observe, quantitatively, the geometry and rates of deformation processes while they are active. In addition to seismology, his current research uses space-based remote sensing (including radar interferometry, GPS measurements and optical imagery) combined with observations of the landscape in the field, to study the evolution and deformation of the continents on all scales, from the movement of individual faults in earthquakes to the evolution of mountain belts.
Much of his work is carried out in collaboration with researchers from the COMET Project where he is Associate Director.

</doc>
<doc id="18726409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726409" title="Rodrigue Bourdages">
Rodrigue Bourdages

Rodrigue Bourdages (born October 22, 1923 in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada-died October 12, 1997) was a Canadian politician and contractor. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Member of the Progressive Conservative Party in 1958 to represent the riding of Laval. He was defeated in the 1957 election as an independent candidate and as a PC candidate in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="18726429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726429" title="S. Husky Höskulds">
S. Husky Höskulds

S. Husky Höskulds (born in Iceland) is a Grammy Award–winning audio engineer based in Los Angeles, California. 
He moved to Los Angeles in 1991, to study audio engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles. He began his career working with Mitchell Froom and Tchad Blake as a staff engineer at The Sound Factory in the early 90’s but would quickly move on to independent projects with Michael Penn, The Wallflowers, Sheryl Crow, Tom Waits and Fantômas.
Husky received Grammy Awards in 1999 for Sheryl Crow’s album "The Globe Sessions" and again in 2003, for Solomon Burke’s album "Don’t Give Up On Me" and Norah Jones’ "Come Away With Me".
Discography and clients.
Tom Waits, Mike Patton, My Brightest Diamond, Meshell Ndegeocello, Joe Henry, Fantômas, Vincent & Mr Green, The Wallflowers, Peeping Tom, Elvis Costello, Allen Toussaint, Solomon Burke, Michael Penn, Aimee Mann, The Gipsy Kings, Norah Jones, Sheryl Crow, Laus, Yael Naim, French for Cartridge, Terra Grimard, Josh Lopez, Mavis Staples, Billy Preston, Ann Peebles, Irma Thomas, Minus, Dr Spock, Chocolate Genius, Bettye Lavette, The Wood Brothers, Skinny Puppy, Devo, Edie Brickell, Earl Harvin, Lizz Wright, Susheela Raman, Solomon Burke, Grant Lee Phillips, Turin Brakes, Ani DiFranco, Sam Phillips, Richard Thompson, The Derek Trucks Band, The Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Dave Palmer, Skerik’s Syncopated Taint Septet, Amali Ward, Jennifer Terran, Vanessa Paradis, Tracy Chapman, The Holmes Brothers, Emi Meyer, Gabriel Kahane, Wouter Kellerman, David Piltch and Friends, Eliza Moore, Sverrir Bergman, Hemlock Smith, Susana Baca, Toshi Reagon, Los Lobos, Manhattan Transfer, Jubilant Sykes, Lisa Germano, Soulwax, Fiona Apple and Doyle Bramhall.
Groundlift.org.
In 2009 Husky founded the online artist community Groundlift.org. In an effort to bring together like-minded artists and collaborators, Groundlift is now host to more than 40 artists worldwide, including over 50 albums and other digital artwork and has been tapped for several soundtracks and collaborations.
Mission.
Groundlift is a creative platform, an online community and forum for forward thinking and open minded artists and art lovers. A catalyst in the creation, distribution and sales of all types of digital art, audio and visual… music, photography, video, short films, animation and more.
Groundlift Studios.
Leveraging the latest in digital technology, Husky and his Groundlift team currently operate studios in Los Angeles, Reykjavik and Paris. This international presence further enhances the online community idea, and allows for unparalleled creative freedom and collaboration.

</doc>
<doc id="18726431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726431" title="Peter Tizard">
Peter Tizard

Sir (John) Peter Mills Tizard (1 April 1916 – 27 October 1993) was a British paediatrician and professor at the University of Oxford.
Life.
Tizard, the son of Sir Henry Tizard, was born in London on 1 April 1916 and educated at Rugby School and Oriel College, Oxford. He then qualified in medicine at Middlesex Hospital in 1941. After serving in the Royal Army Medical Corps, he trained as a paediatrician and was appointed consultant at Paddington Green Children's Hospital in 1949. He held a research fellowship at the Harvard Medical School (1951) and was appointed Professor of Paediatrics at the Royal Postgraduate Medical School, University of London (1964), heading the neonatal research unit. In 1972, he became the first Professor of Paediatrics at the University of Oxford, which came with a fellowship of Jesus College, Oxford. He was knighted in 1982, and retired in 1983. He died on 27 October 1993.
He had married (Elizabeth) Joy Taylor in 1945; they had two sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18726458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726458" title="John Allan">
John Allan

John Allan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18726475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726475" title="The Turkish Gambit (film)">
The Turkish Gambit (film)

The Turkish Gambit is a 2005 Russian historical spy film, an adaptation of Boris Akunin's novel "The Turkish Gambit" featuring his most famous character, the detective Erast Fandorin. It was directed by Dzhanik Faiziyev and written by Akunin himself. The film starred Marat Basharov, Yegor Beroyev and Olga Krasko. "The Turkish Gambit" was a box office success, although it received mixed reviews from critics.
Plot.
The film takes place in Bulgaria during the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). Erast Fandorin is put on the trail of a Turkish agent who is trying to disrupt the Russian advance during the Siege of Plevna. The agent, known as Enver Efendi, is a master of disguise and has excellent command of Russian.
Change from the book.
Unlike the ending of the book, where French correspondent d'Hervais is exposed as being Anwar in disguise, in the film Anwar turns out to have been posing as a seemingly awkward and stupid Russian captain.
In the book, unlike the film, Fandorin did not escape by clinging to the underbelly of a carriage but was actually released by the governor of Viddin Yusuf Pasha after winning a wager.
The scene where Varvara and Fandorin flew in the balloon never took place in the book and Varvara had no role in discovering the weaknesses of the Turkish defenses.
The secene in the cave with the Lieutenant Luntz did not take place in the book. The character of the homosexual Luntz was created for the movie. The homosexual nature of Kazanzaki is never alluded to in the film. In fact, Fandorin was never once shot at by Anwar Effendi in the book.
In the book, the evidence for Colonel Lukan's involvement in treason was found on him and not in his tent like in the film.
Colonel Lukan was killed in a duel whereby sabres were used rather than pistols.
The book refers to three main failed assaults on Plevna. The film shows only two.
In the book, when Fandorin hears about Osman Pasha's plans to 'surrender' he rushes to Sobolev to urge him to attack Plevna and not to the meeting point of the Turkish 'envoys'.
In the film Fandorin went to Istanbul and showed up at the end in Turkish attire. In the book he never went to Istanbul and arrived wearing European clothing.
Anachronisms.
In the sniper scene of the film, the sniper uses a Model 1893 Mauser rifle, even though the film takes place in 1877-1878.
In the opening scene, in the background, a Turkish man says a prayer in Turkish. He says "Long live the Turkish republic", when the Turkish Republic had not been established at this time.

</doc>
<doc id="18726482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726482" title="1st Commando Brigade">
1st Commando Brigade

1st Commando Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18726486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726486" title="Get Back (Demi Lovato song)">
Get Back (Demi Lovato song)

"Get Back" is a song performed by American singer–songwriter Demi Lovato. It was written by Lovato, Joe Jonas, Kevin Jonas II and Nick Jonas, and produced by the Jonas Brothers alongside John Fields, for Lovato's debut studio album, "Don't Forget". The song features Jack Lawless on drums and John Taylor and the Jonas Brothers on guitars. The initial writing of the song took place when Lovato wanted to write a song about getting back together with an old boyfriend, as opposed to writing mean or heartbroken songs. "Get Back" was released as the album's lead single on August 12, 2008, by Hollywood Records. Musically, the song is an upbeat pop rock and power pop song with a guitar-driven sound.
The song was met with positive reviews from critics and performed average commercially, peaking at number forty-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and ninety-three on the Canadian Hot 100. In Australia, the song peaked at number ten on the ARIA Hitseekers chart. Lovato has performed the song on several occasions, including the opening of the 2008 Disney Channel Games and the "The Ellen DeGeneres Show".
Background.
"Get Back" was written by Lovato, Joe Jonas, Kevin Jonas II and Nick Jonas, and produced by the Jonas Brothers alongside John Fields. Lovato wanted to write a song about getting back together with someone, as she believed enough mean and heartbroken songs had already been made. She said, "It's kind of a fun, upbeat song and it's kind of just fun to sing to the person that I wrote it about." The Jonas Brothers provided backing vocals and guitars on the track. In addition to co-producing the song, Fields also provided bass, guitars and keyboards. Jack Lawless played the drums, and John Taylor contributed backing vocals and played the guitar. The song was released as the lead single for "Don't Forget" on August 12, 2008, in the United States and Canada via digital download. The edited Radio Disney version was released on the same day.
Composition.
"Get Back" is a guitar-driven upbeat pop rock and power pop song. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, the song is set in common time with a tempo of 120 beats per minute. It is performed in the key of C major and Lovato's vocals span from the note of B3 to the note of G5. Ed Masley of "The Arizona Republic" compared the song's sound to works by Tommy Tutone. Lyrically, the song is about a desire to get back together with an old boyfriend, demonstrated in the lines "I want to get back to the old days", and "Kiss me like you mean it".
Reception.
Critical reception.
The song received positive reviews from critics. Judy Coleman of "The Boston Globe" called "Get Back" a "welcome girl-rock hit". Ed Masley of "The Arizona Republic" included the song at number eight on his "Top 10 from the Disney girls" list, and said, "She wrote this with the Jonas Brothers, but it sounds more like a Tommy Tutone B-side from the early '80s or the sort of thing Greg Kihn was pining for when he sang, 'They don't write 'em like that anymore'". Masley noted that the song sounds better live, as does "nearly everything Lovato touches". Masley concluded, writing, "When she sings 'I want to get back to the old days,' what she means is when she and her boyfriend were happy, but power-pop fans will hear it as a call to get back to much older days than that." Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic noted it as one of the best tracks on "Don't Forget". Joey Guerra of "The Houston Chronicle" called it "undeniably kicky, and Lovato manages some surprisingly credible rock wails." Ken Barnes of "USA Today" called it an "insidious, Go-Go's-like single". 
Chart performance.
On August 30, 2008, "Get Back" debuted at its peak position of number at number forty-three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The following week, it fell fifty places to number ninety-three. The song spent a total of six weeks on the chart, and it has sold 560,000 digital copies to date, according to Nielsen SoundScan. In Canada, it charted at number ninety-three on the Canadian Hot 100, which was its only appearance on that chart. In Australia, the song peaked at number ten on the ARIA Hitseekers chart on May 11, 2009.
Music video and promotion.
"Get Back" was directed by Philip Andelman and shot in one day. The video premiered on Disney Channel on August 22, 2008, following the premiere of "". It was later made available for digital download on iTunes Store on September 16, 2008. The video begins with a shot of the Manhattan Bridge, Lovato and her band are then seen on a small stage on top of a building. Lovato sports black clothing, a beaded scarf and red gloves. Throughout the first verse and chorus, Lovato dances around on stage with Manhattan Bridge visible in the background. Following the first chorus, the sun goes down and an aerial shot of the city's nightlife is shown. The second verse and chorus are performed during night. During the song's bridge, a daytime shot is shown of Lovato while sitting alone on the rooftop and looking away from the camera. After this, she is back on stage and performing the last chorus during nighttime with bright lights in the background. The video ends with the performance being finished, with Lovato turning around and walking towards her band.
Lovato performed "Get Back" for the first time at the opening ceremony of the 2008 Disney Channel Games on May 4, 2008. On October 1, 2008, she performed it on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show". On January 19, 2009, Lovato performed the song alongside "La La Land" at the event in Washington, D.C., at the Verizon Center. The event was held to celebrate the inauguration of Barack Obama as President of the United States. On April 24, 2009, Lovato performed an acoustic version of "Get Back" in Radio Disney's network studio. Also in April 2009, the song was performed as part of the "iTunes Live from London" series. The full performances were released as an iTunes Store-exclusive extended play featuring recorded live versions on May 17, 2009. In May 2009, Lovato performed the song at a Walmart concert, which was released as "", featuring recorded live versions on a CD, and the full performances on a DVD. 
Lovato performed "Get Back" on the Jonas Brothers' Burnin' Up Tour, for which she served as the opening act, during the summer of 2008. Later in 2009, the song was performed during her first headlining tour, Summer Tour 2009. The song was performed last, and Ed Masley of "The Arizona Republic" called it "super-charged". In 2010, she performed the song during her South American tour as the show's finale. Lovato also performed the song as the opening number for her set during the Jonas Brothers Live in Concert World Tour 2010. In September 2011, Lovato performed the song during the revue concert An Evening with Demi Lovato.
Track listings.
Note: The only change in the music video version is the line "kiss me like you mean it" is changed to "hold me like you mean it".
Credits and personnel.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="18726493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726493" title="Q40">
Q40

Q40 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18726510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726510" title="Gibraltar Mill, Great Bardfield">
Gibraltar Mill, Great Bardfield

Gibraltar Mill is a grade II listed Tower mill at Great Bardfield, Essex, England which has been converted to residential use.
History.
The first date at which a windmill is definitely known to have been standing here is 1707. A date of 1680 is given by some sources, but no mill was marked on Ogilby and Morgan’s map of 1678. It cannot be proved or disproved that a mill was standing here in 1680. The most likely date of erection of Gibraltar Mill is 1704. A possible scenario being an earlier mill having been blown down in the Great Storm of 1703 and the present mill replacing it. By 1754, the mill had been converted to a cottage. The mill was put back to work as a windmill by 1806, when it was insured for £300, having only been insured for £50 in 1800. The mill was worked in conjunction with the nearby Great Bardfield Watermill at various times. A new cast iron windshaft was fitted in 1877, replacing the former wooden one. It was cast by Christy and Norris, millwrights of Chelmsford and fitted by Sillitoe and Brewer, millwrights of Long Melford, Suffolk. In January 1899, the sails were blown off and the cap severely damaged when the mill was tailwinded. The mill stood capless until 1904, when a new cap and sails were fitted, and a fantail added to replace the former internal winch winding system. The mill was working until 1930 It was threatened with demolition in 1938, but Essex County Council used their powers under the Town and Country Planning Act, 1932 to prevent demolition. After the death of the last miller in the late 1950s it was stripped of machinery and house converted. One of the sails was damaged in the Great Storm of 1987.
Description.
Gibraltar Mill is a three storey tower mill with a boat-shaped cap. The mill has four double Patent sails carried on a cast iron windshaft and is winded by an eight bladed fantail. The tower is to thick at base level. It is high, diameter at base level and diameter at curb level. The mill is high overall. The windshaft carries a wooden Brake Wheel with 90 iron teeth, cast in six segments. The Wallower was an iron mortice gear, with 44 wooden cogs. It was carried on a cast iron Upright Shaft. The Great Spur Wheel had 88 cogs, and drove two pairs of millstones via Stone Nuts with 18 cogs each.
Millers.
References for above:-

</doc>
<doc id="18726534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726534" title="Indonesian Crude Price">
Indonesian Crude Price

Indonesian Crude Price, or ICP, is a price index for crude oil from Indonesia. 
The ICP is determined by Pertamina, based on moving average spot price of a basket of five internationally traded crudes:
In some cases ICP is used as index in long term LNG contracts in East Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="18726540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726540" title="Edward Duyker">
Edward Duyker

Edward Duyker (born 21 March 1955) is an Australian historian and author born in Melbourne, Victoria.
Edward Duyker's books include several ethno-histories — "Tribal Guerrillas" (1987), "The Dutch in Australia" (1987) and "Of the Star and the Key: Mauritius, Mauritians and Australia" (1988) — and numerous books dealing with early Australian exploration, among them critically acclaimed biographies of Daniel Solander, Marc-Joseph Marion Dufresne, Jacques Labillardière and François Péron. Much of his work seeks to redress the Anglo-centrism of Australian history and he has made a major contribution to knowledge and understanding of the French voyages to the Indian Ocean and Pacific in the eighteenth and early-nineteenth centuries.
Personal and early life.
Edward Duyker was born to a father from the Netherlands and a mother from Mauritius. His mother has ancestors from Cornwall who emigrated to Adelaide, South Australia, in 1849, and he is related to the Australian landscape painter Lloyd Rees. He is also related to the French painter Félix Lionnet and the writers Guy Lionnet and Francoise Lionnet. He attended St Joseph's School, Malvern, Victoria in the same class as the virtuoso pianist Geoffrey Tozer. He completed his secondary studies at De La Salle College, Malvern. There, under Tim O'Hearn (later Professor and Dean of Students Australian Catholic University), he was one of the first students in Victoria to study Asian history at a secondary level. In 1970 he competed in the Seven Network's It's Academic quiz program and the following year reached the semi-final as an individual contestant in the Australian version of the quiz show Jeopardy!. As an undergraduate at La Trobe University his formative influences were the eminent Australian historian Professor Alan Frost and the Modern Indian historian Don Ferrell. As a doctoral candidate at the University of Melbourne (where he also studied Bengali language), he was supervised by the Indian philosopher Sibnarayan Ray. He received his Ph.D. in 1981 for a thesis on the participation of the tribal Santals in the Maoist Naxalite insurgency in India.
Career.
After working as a spot welder at General Motors Holden in Dandenong, a theatre usher and an RSPCA ambulance driver, Duyker was recruited by the Australian Department of Defence in Canberra in early 1981 and eventually worked in the Joint Intelligence Organization. He left in July 1983 to take up a position as a Teaching Fellow at Griffith University, Brisbane, but ultimately settled in Sydney as a full-time author in 1984. Although his early writings were focussed on South Asian subjects and in many cases were published in the "Australian Defence Force Journal", Duyker soon refused to be confined as a scholar and author.
Using the Dutch and French linguistic resources of his family, he edited "The Discovery of Tasmania" (1992) which brought together all known journal extracts from the first two European expeditions to Van Diemen's Land. "An Officer of the Blue" (1994), Duyker's critically acclaimed biography of Marc-Joseph Marion Dufresne (the first explorer after Abel Tasman to reach Van Diemen's Land), was launched by former Prime Minister of Australia Gough Whitlam. It was also the subject of an essay, 'The Tortoise Wins Again!', by Professor Greg Dening, published in his collection "Readings/Writings" (Melbourne University Press, 1998, pp. 201–4).
"Nature's Argonaut" (1998), Edward Duyker's biography of Daniel Solander the naturalist on HM Bark "Endeavour" and the first Swede to circle the globe, was shortlisted for the New South Wales Premier's History Awards in 1999. Duyker is also the co-editor, with Per Tingbrand, of "Daniel Solander: Collected Correspondence 1753–1782" (1995), With his mother Maryse Duyker he published the first English translation of the journal of the explorer Bruny d'Entrecasteaux in 2001. It has become an important Western Australian and Tasmanian historical source and, with its annotations and introduction, informed public debate regarding the heritage-listing of Recherche Bay in Tasmania. "Citizen Labillardière" (2003), Duyker's biography of the naturalist Jacques Labillardière, was similarly influential and won the General History Prize among the New South Wales Premier's History Awards.
With former Australian Greens Senator Bob Brown, archaeologist Professor John Mulvaney and broadcaster Peter Cundall, Duyker was an outspoken campaigner for the protection of Recherche Bay from logging.
"François Péron: An Impetuous Life" (2006), Duyker's biography of the zoologist of the expedition of Nicolas-Thomas Baudin to Australian waters (1800—1803), won the Frank Broeze Maritime History Prize in 2007. A recurrent theme in Edward Duyker's writing on early natural history is an attempt to recapture the sense of wonder at the unique flora and fauna encountered by early European explorers in Australia. He has also rendered homage to prescient early naturalists who offered ‘a new focus on the natural equilibrium, the finiteness of resources in restricted locations and the precious quality of unique and vulnerable species that could easily be driven to extinction by human greed or the introduction of feral animals’.
In 2007 Edward Duyker published "A Dictionary of Sea Quotations" with a deeply personal introduction on his family's links with the sea. He references to the austerity and difficulties of his Catholic childhood (he is the eldest of eight children and his Dutch father laboured on the Melbourne waterfront for 37 years), or the experiences of his forebears in Europe and the islands of the Indian Ocean.
Duyker's biographies of naturalists are largely conventional linear narratives, but they are characterised by meticulous research and great attention to detail - 'written with verve, but fortified with awesome scholarship' as Dymphna Clark put it in her review of "Nature's Argonaut". He makes a point of visiting the places he writes about and orienting explorers' maps and journals to a modern landscape or coast. This has sometimes been under difficult circumstances, such as when he researched the naturalist Labillardière's travels in the Middle East. In August 2005, Duyker delivered the inaugural Theo Barker Memorial Lecture at Charles Sturt University in Bathurst and took as his theme a remark attributed to R. H. Tawney that an historian needs 'a stout pair of boots'. During his lecture, he recounted how in the course of field-research in West Bengal for his book "Tribal Guerrillas", he had lost 20 kilograms in weight through dysentery and malnutrition. This was an ordeal he also recounted in a partly autobiographical article 'The Word in the Field'.
In September 1983, Edward Duyker published an article entitled ‘Land Use and Ecological Change in Central New South Wales’. It signaled his strong interest in the use of history and ethnography to understand anthropogenic environmental change. The following year he published an article entitled ‘History and Anthropology’ which explored a number of philosophical and methodological issues relating to these overlapping disciplines and which he demonstrated in his book "Tribal Guerrillas". The late Professor Thomas Nossiter of the London School of Economics praised Duyker’s "Tribal Guerrillas" because ‘it exemplifies the value of synthesising anthropology and history; and, more generally, it is a scholarly contribution to a literature on tribal rebellion and insurgency far wider than India, which embraces Greece, Vietnam and Algeria as well as sub-Saharan Africa where tribal responses to imperialism and modernisation have been significant' ("Third World Quarterly", vol. 11, no. 2, April 1989, pp. 226-7). This meeting ground between history and anthropology can also be seen in "An Officer of the Blue", Duyker's biography of Marc-Joseph Marion Dufresne, in which he skillfully used missionary and other accounts of Māori oral history and French journals to explain the circumstances of the explorer's death in New Zealand's Bay of Islands in 1772. Prof. Barrie Macdonald of Massey University described it as "a fine piece of detective work - a biography written with an empathy with its subject yet a critical eye that helps set in context a death that still has its significance in New Zealand history."
Despite his theoretical reflections, Duyker is essentially a narrative historian. He frequently produces equally engaging ‘tales of research’, such as his account of the detective quest involved in identifying the artist of the expedition of Bruny d'Entrecasteaux to Australia and the Pacific and his account of his search for the grave of Nicolas-Thomas Baudin in Mauritius. When he delivered the 2007 Vaughan Evans Memorial Lecture at the Australian National Maritime Museum, he chose to speak on uncovering the life of Daniel Solander.
Since 1985, Duyker has written more than 80 entries for the bilingual "Dictionnaire de Biographie Mauricienne/Dictionary of Mauritian Biography" published on his mother’s native island. Aside from his books on the history of the Mauritians in Australia, "Mauritian Heritage" and "Of the Star and the Key", Duyker has also written a number of pioneering monographs on the Dutch in Australia, and co-authored "Molly and the Rajah" (1991) *the life of Esme Mary Fink, an Australian woman who married the Rajah of Pudukottai, India, in 1915. He also edited "A Woman on the Goldfields" (1995),*[http://catalogue.nla.gov.au/Record/654274?lookfor=author:(Edward%20Duyker)&offset=22&max=30 dealing with the life of Emily Skinner on the nineteenth-century Victorian gold fields.
Academic career.
Duyker is an Honorary Associate and Honorary Senior Lecturer in the School of Languages and Cultures at the University of Sydney and an Honorary Professor of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences of the Australian Catholic University. In 2007 he was elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
Other positions.
Between 1996 and 2002 he served as the Honorary Consul of the Republic of Mauritius in New South Wales.
Critical Responses.
Duyker's writings span a diverse range of subjects and disciplines. As the late Australian historian Manning Clark put it in his foreword to "Of the Star and the Key" (1988): 'Edward Duyker . . . has an eye for the things of the mind'. In many respects he has built his readership on his eclectic interests and made a strength of them. The late Professor Greg Dening once described him as 'an historian's historian' ("Australian Book Review", June/July, 2003, p. 10).
Marius Damas, in his book ("Approaching Naxalbari", Radical Impression, Calcutta, 1991, p. 68) commented that "Duyker brings both historical and anthropological tools into play . . . Drawing on a wide range of historical and contemporary sources, including personal interviews . . . provides us with a richly detailed account." Yet, his account of the Naxalite insurgency has been criticised. Mallarika Sinha Roy in her book "Gender and Radical Politics in India: Magic Moments of Naxalbari", commented: 'What Duyker misses in retracing the historical path of the Santal rebellion is the function of patriarchy with Santal Society, and this omission culminates in his silence about women's participation in Santal Naxalism', Nevertheless, one of his principal Santal-Naxalite informants was a woman: Kuni Tudu. Duyker's work on the Naxalites was also an important source for the Scandinavian scholar B.G. Karlsson.
In the "Journal of Australian Studies" (November 2001), Leo Scheps asserted that Duyker's and his mother's translation of the eighteenth-century explorer Bruny d'Entrecasteaux’s account (the first in English) ‘might find a market with collectors of early Australiana and maritime arcana’, but that ‘its text and extensive notes’ were ‘of little value to scholars of Australian and Pacific history, geography or anthropology’. Despite this, the translation was later a major source for archaeologist John Mulvaney in his book "‘The axe had never sounded’: Place, People and Heritage of Recherche Bay, Tasmania" (2007) and for several experts including Hugh Tydale-Tyndale of the Australian Academy of Science, historian Professor Alan Frost of La Trobe University and historical archaeologist Dr Michael Pearson of the University of Canberra who delivered papers at a symposium held by the National Academies Forum in Hobart, 26–28 February 2007. It was also a seminal influence for the late Dianne Johnson's book "Bruny d'Entrecasteaux and his encounter with the Tasmanian Aborigines" (2012) Duyker's own vigorous defence of his and his mother's work on d'Entrecasteaux has been archived by the Australian Public Intellectual Network.
Reviewing "An Officer of the Blue" Professor Michael Roe (historian) wrote: "In building his story, Duyker has to confront matters of war, politics, geography, navigation, anthropology - the list could continue. He does so with constant skill and authority.’
In 1995 Paul Brunton described Duyker's (and Per Tingbrand's) "Daniel Solander: Collected Correspondence" (1995) as 'a major contribution to textual scholarship' and added 'It is rare for such a work to be produced in Australia' Reviewing "Nature's Argonaut", Greg Dening wrote: ‘One of the delights of reading this brilliant wander through the mind of a naturalist genius is the way Edward Duyker in a simple, direct phrase can lay open the most complex issue. No, perhaps the real joy in the reading is the continued sense of revelation and discovery Duyker conveys as he follows Solander . . . ‘, In 2006, Prof. Arthur Lucas (academic), former principal of King’s College London, wrote that "Citizen Labillardière" was an 'exceptionally readable, richly textured work . . . The life Duyker recreates is as rich as that of the hero of any adventure novel, and the context is insightful history, not just the history of an important natural historian'.
Quotes.
"There was no point in searching for Marion Dufresne’s grave...he opened the first French restaurant in New Zealand – the Maori ate him'.
"Some would say that I could talk under wet cement. I know at least one property developer who would like to give me the opportunity."

</doc>
<doc id="18726544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726544" title="Ebright Creek Park">
Ebright Creek Park

Ebright Creek Park is a neighborhood park located alongside the Ebright Creek Watershed in the city of Sammamish, Washington, USA. It has areas for different types of activities, despite being built near wetland buffers and sensitive areas. 
Sports park.
At the front of the park, and adjacent to the parking lot, the sports park offers the following activities:
The sports park also contains several picnic tables, a small climbing wall and a play lawn.
Playground and picnic area.
At the center of the park is a large picnic area, which includes both sheltered and unsheltered tables, as well as a large grass lawn and two children's play areas. One play area has equipment designated for children between 5 and 12 years of age, while the other has equipment designated for children 5 and younger. Restrooms are also located next to the picnic area.
Wetland and sensitive areas.
Near the front of the park, a wetland boardwalk crosses a sensitive area between the parking lot and the picnic area. At the back of the park, a walking trail crosses over the recently restored Ebright creek. The creek is of high environment value as it is the only remaining salmon-bearing creek in Sammamish. The creek is currently known to support Coho salmon, Sockeye salmon, Cutthroat trout and Rainbow trout.

</doc>
<doc id="18726561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726561" title="1975–76 FA Cup">
1975–76 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1975–76 was the 95th staging of the world's oldest football knockout competition, The Football Association Challenge Cup, or FA Cup. The final saw Southampton beat Manchester United 1–0, with the only goal coming from Bobby Stokes in the 83rd minute of the game.
First round proper.
The first round of games were played on 22 November 1975. Replays were played mainly on the 24th–26th, with second replays performed one or two weeks after.
Second round proper.
The second round of games were played on 13 December 1975. Replays took place on the 15th–17th or the 22nd.
Third round proper.
The third round of games in the FA Cup were mainly played on 3 January 1976, with two matches played two days earlier on New Year's Day. Replays were mainly played midweek over 6–7 January or the week after but one occurred on the 24th instead.
Fourth round proper.
The fourth round of games were mostly played on 28 January 1976, with three replays and a main tie on the 27th and 28th. One of the main ties was played on 2 February instead.
Fifth round proper.
The fifth set of games took place (except for one game) on 14 February 1976. Three games went to a replay which were played on 17–18 February. The Norwich City–Bradford City match and a second replay of the Bolton Wanderers–Newcastle United match were played on 23 February.
Sixth round proper.
The sixth round of FA Cup games were played on 6 March 1976. There was one replay on the 9th.

</doc>
<doc id="18726581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726581" title="Zoltán Kovács (footballer born 1986)">
Zoltán Kovács (footballer born 1986)

Zoltán Kovács (16 December 1986 in Budapest − 27 August 2013 in Budapest) was a Hungarian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="18726597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726597" title="Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball">
Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball

The Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball team represents Rutgers University and is a NCAA Division I basketball team, which competes in the American Athletic Conference.
History.
The Rutgers men's basketball team played in the Final Four in the 1976 NCAA Tournament and ended the 1976 season ranked fourth in the nation, after an 86–70 loss against the Michigan Wolverines in the semifinal round and a 106–92 loss to the UCLA Bruins in the tournament's third-place consolation game. This was the last men's Division I tournament to date to feature two unbeaten teams, as both Indiana, who won that year's title, and Rutgers entered the tournament unbeaten. Rutgers went 31–0 during the regular season.
The Scarlet Knights also played the Michigan Wolverines in the 2004 NIT Final which resulted in a Rutgers loss. In 2005–06 Quincy Douby set a Rutgers single season record by scoring 839 points. He left after his junior year to enter the NBA Draft.
In July 2014, Rutgers will join the Big Ten Conference, becoming the second former Atlantic 10 Conference member to do so, after Penn State.

</doc>
<doc id="18726599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726599" title="István Bank">
István Bank

István Bank (born 14 April 1984 in Kaposvár) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kaposvári Rákóczi FC.

</doc>
<doc id="18726602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726602" title="George Davies (rugby player)">
George Davies (rugby player)

George Davies (25 December 1875–23 July 1959) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Llandeilo and Swansea. A two time Triple Crown winner, Davies would represent his country on nine occasions. A skillful player, Davies was unfortunate to be playing during the same period as Rhys Gabe, who was the selectors' first choice at his position. It was all the more unfortunate for Davies as it was a collision between himself and Gabe, during a Swansea match, that caused an injury that would allow Gabe to take his position for Wales.
Rugby career.
Davies originally played rugby at the lower level team Llandeilo, whom he captained for two seasons, but on moving to Swansea impressed enough to be capped for Wales. In 1905, he was part of the Swansea team that faced the Original All Blacks on their first British tour.
Davies was first capped for Wales on January 6, 1900 against England, partnered with his Swansea colleague, Dan Rees. He would play for Wales another eight times, scoring a try against Ireland in 1900, and converting four goals in the 1905 Triple Crown winning season. When he was recalled for the 1905 tournament he was switched from centre to fullback for all three matches.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="18726618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726618" title="Herbert Fordham">
Herbert Fordham

Sir Herbert George Fordham (9 May 1854 – 1929), was a writer on cartography whose Carto-Bibliography method of cataloging maps was widely adopted. He was the benefactor of the "Fordham collection" housed by the Royal Geographical Society - one of the most important map collections in the country. 
Fordham was born in Odsey and attended University College, London where he became a member of the Geological Society. After college he joined the family brewing business but left and in 1885 was called to the bar by the Inner Temple. 
Between 1874 and 1892 he published several papers on the geology, natural history, and botany of Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire. In 1887 he published "Rural Municipalities and the Reform of Local Government".
In 1891, on the death of his father, Fordham returned to the family business. From 1904 he served in local government, chairing Cambridgeshire county council and receiving a knighthood in 1908. In 1918 he contested the West Fulham election as the Liberal candidate. He lost partly due to his opposition to conscription. From 1920 he was deputy lieutenant of Cambridgeshire. He actively opposed the creation of the county borough of Cambridge.
From 1900 he began to collect old maps and road books, initially from England and later from abroad. Using both his own and the collections of others, he began publishing and printing on maps including "Studies in Carto-Bibliography" in 1914. In 1929 he was awarded the gold medal of the Brussels Geographical Society recognising him as one of Europe's foremost authorities on cartography.
Fordham donated some rare maps and atlases to both the British Museum and to Cambridge University Library and he bequeathed 1300 volumes, including rare road books and itineraries, to the Royal Geographical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18726622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726622" title="Eliphas Dow">
Eliphas Dow

Eliphas Dow (b.1705 – d. May 8, 1755) of Hampton Falls, New Hampshire was the first male executed in New Hampshire. He was convicted of the murder of Peter Clough, also from Hampton Falls. It appeared, upon evidence, that a feud had subsisted between them for quite some time. On 12 December 1754, they accidentally met at the house of Eliphas' brother Noah Dow. They began to threaten each other, then Clough challenged Dow to go out of the house to fight. Clough went outside and Dow followed. Dow picked up his brother's hoe and struck Clough with a massive blow on the side of the head which instantly killed him.
Trial and execution.
Dow was arrested on the same day of the crime. He went before the Honorable Judge Meshech Weare. He was committed to the prison in Portsmouth. "At the February term of Superior Court, he was indicted, tried & convicted: and sentence was pronounced upon him that he should be hanged by the neck until he should be dead." His sentence was ordered to be executed on March 20, 1755. Dow had two reprieves that were allowed until May 8, 1755. Eliphas pleaded "strictly self defense" at his trial. He was the first male to be executed in New Hampshire. Many people came out to see the public execution.
The exact location of the gallows has been debated for some time. Some accounts have descriptions of the corner of South and Sagamore Streets. Some historic accounts have the location of Ward's Corner. He was hung for about three hours, between the time of twelve noon until three in the afternoon. His body was buried in the road a few rods from the gallows, just at the declivity of the hill.
Some written accounts have his name as Eliphaz Dow.

</doc>
<doc id="18726642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726642" title="Zoltán Varga (footballer born 1977)">
Zoltán Varga (footballer born 1977)

Zoltán Varga (born 19 August 1977 in Jászberény) is a Hungarian football player who last plays for Győri ETO FC II.

</doc>
<doc id="18726713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726713" title="Leitch Review">
Leitch Review

The "Leitch Review of Skills" was an independent review by Lord Sandy Leitch, the Chairman of the National Employment Panel, commissioned by the British Government in 2004, 'to identify the UK’s optimal skills mix for 2020 to maximise economic growth, productivity and social justice, set out the balance of responsibility for achieving that skills profile and consider the policy framework required to support it.'
The final report, published at the end of 2006 recommended that UK should urgently and dramatically raise achievements at all levels of skills and recommended that it commit to becoming a world leader in skills by 2020, as benchmarked against the upper quartile of the OECD - effectively a doubling of attainment at most skill levels.
Background.
The Leitch Review was launched due to concerns over the ability of UK to compete in the increasingly globalised markets due to poor levels of literacy and numeracy in some sections of the workforce, and due to the UK's relatively poor international position in intermediate level skills and productivity. The Government's 2004 pre-budget document "Skills in the global economy" identified that this was reflected in the relatively low proportion of young people remaining in education after the age of 16, together with limited skills progression and training to higher levels once in work. As a result of such concerns it was announced in the 2004 Pre-Budget Report that Lord Leitch had been jointly commissioned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Education Secretary to prepare a report.
Findings and recommendations.
After an interim report, "Skills in the UK: the long term challenge", published in December 2005, the final Leitch Report was published in December 2006 as "Prosperity for all in the global economy – world class skills". It recommends that the UK should aim to be a world leader on skills by 2020, and suggested how that aim should be achieved.
The Report found that the UK currently ranked 12th out of 18 comparative members of the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development). The Report states that by 2020:
The Leitch Report emphasises the necessity of shared responsibility: employers and individuals, as well as the government, should increase their investment in training and education. Employers and individuals should contribute most to training which gives them ‘private’ benefits, while government investment should focus on promoting basic skills for everyone.
A significant change recommended by Leitch is that the provision of vocational education and training should be demand-led, adaptable and responsive. Employers should therefore be directly involved in deciding what training priorities should be. Targeted individuals will also be empowered to purchase the type of training they need through the introduction of Skills Accounts.
Implementation.
As a result of the Leitch Report the Government merged several organisations to form the UK Commission for Employment and Skills following Leitch's recommendation to "‘depoliticise’ the skills agenda by securing a broad political and stakeholder consensus for the UK’s world-class ambitions for 2020 and beyond".
Following the report, there has already been a significant change in the government’s approach to training for young people and adults. The 14–19 age group has seen an increase in the number of publicly funding training opportunities. The government is also introducing an entitlement for 14–19 year-olds to access training across a range of education providers to widen the choice of subjects available.
Diplomas, the International Baccalaureate and Apprenticeships are all part of this agenda. Other policies include raising the statutory age at which young people leave full-time education to 18 and encouraging collaboration between neighbouring education institutions.
The greatest changes will be in adult education and will involve a much greater competitive element to provision, funding and custom.
Criticism.
Because most public funding will be directed towards level 2 skills, adults wanting to augment their skills at levels 3 or 4 will have to pay more than at present. This has provoked debate about whether the ramifications of the Leitch Report will stifle the benefits of learning for learning’s sake.
Some 5 months after publication of the review, the CBI, employers and Skills Envoy Sir Digby Jones criticised the Government over their delay in implementing the 'Skills Pledge', which Leitch recommended all employers should sign, committing them to training all their workers to Level 2 by 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18726735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726735" title="List of Vice-Admirals of Dorset">
List of Vice-Admirals of Dorset

This is a list of people who have been Vice-Admiral of Dorset.

</doc>
<doc id="18726752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726752" title="Clan Kirkpatrick">
Clan Kirkpatrick

Clan Kirkpatrick is a Lowland armigerous Scottish clan. There are several variations of the Kirkpatrick name; Kilpatric, Kilpatrick, and Gilpatrick. The names Kirkpatrick and Kilpatrick may have been interchangeable at one time. The clan is recognised by the Court of the Lord Lyon, however the clan does not currently have a chief so recognised. The clan takes its name from the church of Saint Patrick in the parish of Closeburn in Dumfriesshire, Scotland. 
The first record of the clan is in the 12th century, when Ivone de Kirkpatrick was listed as a witness in a charter of the Bruce family. Later, Alexander II confirmed by charter the lands of the same Ivone. Roger de Kirkpatrick was an attendant to Robert Bruce during the time when Bruce murdered Red Comyn. Kirkpatrick legend has it that the chiefly motto is derived from Roger Kirkpatrick's killing of Sir John (Red) Comyn. Upon meeting Comyn in the church of the Greyfriars at Dumfries, Bruce confronted Comyn with accusations of his treachery. A scuffle broke out; during which Bruce stabbed Comyn with his dagger. Horrified, Bruce fled from the church to his escorts and told them, "I doubt I have slain the Comyn." Kirkpatrick cried, "Sire, You doubtest so? I'll mak sikkar!" ("I'll make sure"), whereupon he rushed the church and finished off the wounded Comyn. Sir Roger Kirkpatrick hid with Robert Bruce for three nights to escape retribution from Comyn's family. This event is memorialized in the clan's crest, which contains a hand holding a bloody dagger; and the shield: three pillows on a saltire shield with the Scotland colours, or the St Andrews Cross, reversed (i.e. Kirkpatrick wears a blue saltire on a white ground). It is also memorialized in the Clan's motto, "I Mak Sikkar", or the modernized version "I Make Sure." The family was later pardoned by the Pope for their part in Comyn's death, who reasoned that Bruce's blow against Comyn was likely mortal.
In 1246, during the reign of Alexander II, a Humphrey de Kilpatrick obtained a charter of the lands of Colquhoun from the Earl of Lennox, and that Humphrey's son Ingram was the first to assume the name Colquhoun. It may be remarked that both Humphrey and Ivan are popular names with Colquhouns, and that a Humphrey de Kilpatrick appears in charters relating to the Lennox, and others relating to Dumfries-shire - all of similar date. Geographically, the name 'Kilpatrick' is now most closely associated with the Lennox, while places named 'Kirkpatrick' are largely confined to Dumfries-shire, and it is quite probable that many who now bear the name had origin in these places, and may or may not have links, other than the 'kinship of a name', with the family who held Closeburn. This family gave rise to many cadet families in and around their home county. At the end of the 18th century William Kirkpatrick of Conheath became a wine merchant in Malaga and married Dona Francesca, daughter of Baron de Grivegnee. Their daughter, Eugénie de Montijo, married Emperor Napoleon III and became last Empress of France.
In 1314 the Kirkpatricks were rewarded the lands of Redburgh. In 1355, Sir Roger Kirkpatrick took Caerlaverock Castle and Dalwinston Castle from English forces. Two years later, in 1357, Sir Roger Kirkpatrick was murdered by Sir James Lindsay in a private argument. The title passed from Roger to his Nephew, Sir Thomas Kirkpatrick, who had a charter for the lands of Closeburn and Redburgh from Robert Stewart, 1st Duke of Albany in 1409. Much later, in 1542, Sir Thomas Kirkpatrick was captured at the Battle of Solway Moss. The estate then passed to a cousin. In 1685 Sir Thomas Kirkpatrick of Closeburn was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia. The Kirkpatrick estate of Closeburn was finally sold by the 4th baronet, Sir James Kirkpatrick. Today there is no recognized chief of the clan.
Major General Charles Kirkpatrick, grandson of the 2nd son of the 4th Baronet in his "Records of the Closeburn Kirkpatrick's" published originally in 1953 and republished in 2003 by the family, gives a good accounting of the Kirkpatrick Family in Dumfriesshire. He points out that the family residing in Closeburn and the cadet family at Kirkmichael were always known as "Kirkpatrick" and that the further western branch of the family that was aligned with the Lennox were known more by "Kilpatrick", that Humphrey de Kilpatrick was a 'cousin'. Further, there is no record in the Court of the Lord Lyon that the name "Kilpatrick" was ever associated with the Dumfriesshire estates and holdings.

</doc>
<doc id="18726777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726777" title="John Brooks">
John Brooks

John Brooks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18726786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726786" title="Lewa Wildlife Conservancy">
Lewa Wildlife Conservancy

The Lewa Wildlife Conservancy (also known as Lewa Downs) is located in northern Kenya. It was formed in 1995. It is a wildlife sanctuary incorporating the Ngare Ndare Forest and covering over . The Conservancy is home to a wide variety of wildlife including the rare and endangered black rhino, Grevy's zebra and sitatunga. It also includes the big five (lion, leopard, elephant, rhino and African buffalo). Lewa holds over 12% of Kenya's black rhino population and the largest single population of Grevy's zebras in the world (approximately 350 individuals). 
The Conservancy is also home to the Northern Rangelands Trust, an innovative partnership with a number of communities to the north who have given land for the preservation of wildlife. Lewa has its own education program that helps develop schools and students. Lewa Wildlife Conservancy is located south of Isiolo town but north of Mount Kenya.
History of Lewa.
Lewa was once a cattle ranch; it then became a guarded black rhino sanctuary, and it is now the headquarters for a non-profit wildlife Conservancy, which has gained a world-wide reputation for extending the benefits of conservation beyond its borders.
The Craig/Douglas family first came to Lewa Downs in 1922 and managed it as a cattle ranch for over 50 years. Unlike many other ranchers in the area, they had always valued the wildlife that shared the land with the cattle and developed wildlife tourism as an additional activity.
By the early 1980s it was uncertain whether any black rhinos would survive in Kenya. Poaching for horn had reduced Kenya's rhinos from some 20,000 in the mid-1970s to a few hundred by 1986. It was clear that the only way to prevent their complete extinction was to create high security sanctuaries.
In 1983 the Craigs and Mrs. Anna Merz – who funded the program – decided to establish the fenced and guarded Ngare Sergoi Rhino Sanctuary at the western end of Lewa Downs. The rhino sanctuary was stocked partly with animals from other reserves and partly by isolated individuals from northern Kenya, whose likely survival was a matter of months at most. The black rhino that were caught settled down and bred, and white rhino were added.
After ten years, it was clear that the rhinos needed more space, and the sanctuary was expanded to cover the rest of the ranch, and the adjoining Ngare Ndare Forest Reserve. In 2001 Lewa partnered with Gerald Chamales to change his company's name to Rhinotek Computer Products, when the company began sending part of its annual revenue to support Lewa.
The perimeter was almost entirely fenced, for security and to ensure that elephants did not raid crops in neighbouring farms, but the ecological connections between Lewa and neighbouring wildlife areas were maintained by leaving gaps in the fence for animal movements. At the same time the entire property was converted to a wildlife sanctuary, as the Craig family handed over the management of the ranch to a non-profit organisation – the Lewa Wildlife Conservancy.
The conservancy is home to Lewa Airport. Annually, the Lewa Marathon is held in the Lewa Conservancy for fundraising purposes. Unlike normal marathons, Lewa Marathon is contested on dirt track.
On 19 October 2010, Prince William of Wales proposed marriage to Catherine Middleton at Lewa.
Wildlife and security on Lewa.
The Lewa Wildlife Conservancy is relatively close to historically volatile areas of northern Kenya, where banditry, poaching and illegal firearms were once prolific. The threat to Lewa's wildlife and, in particular, its rhinos is ever present, although with improved security throughout northern Kenya and increasingly good relations with its neighbours, the situation has improved in recent years. The rhinoceros population requires constant monitoring and protection due to their threatened status, continued pressure and the recent occurrence of rhino poaching elsewhere in the country.
To provide a high level of protection for the wildlife, especially the endangered wildlife, as well as the people on Lewa Wildlife Conservancy, it is essential to have an extremely effective security system. Lewa's security operation includes a well-trained and highly motivated ranger force, both armed and unarmed; a tracker dog team; and reliable communications network with its neighbours, the Kenya Wildlife Service (KWS), local government agencies, community conservancies affiliated to the Northern Rangelands Trust and private wildlife conservation projects and conservancies in the area. Regular aerial surveillance is carried out and the boundary electric game fence is maintained.
Neighboring communities, the Kenya Wildlife Service and other organisations frequently request Lewa's assistance with support and follow-up to incidents such as poaching, cattle rustling, robbery and banditry. Lewa is in a position to respond rapidly and effectively to such incidents. Lewa's internal security operations have a good record: only two rhinos have been lost to poaching on the Conservancy (Ntoiye and Tana, shooting was 26 December 2009, Tana survived until 5 March 2010). To add to this, Lewa’s anti-poaching teams have been deployed to other rhino sanctuaries following serious levels of rhino poaching and have effectively stopped rhino poaching as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="18726799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726799" title="Serato Audio Research">
Serato Audio Research

Serato Audio Research is an Auckland, New Zealand based software developer, specialising in audio production and performance tools. It was founded in 1998 by Stephen West and AJ Bertenshaw who developed a timestretching and pitch-shifting Pro Tools plugin, Pitch 'N Time.
With that technology they focused on the evolving vinyl emulation software market and developed Scratch Live, first released in 2004. The software required the use of an external sound card to capture audio of the timecoded audio. For this they worked with Mukilteo, Washington-based Rane Corporation. Rane developed the USB based SL1 and Serato developed the necessary control records.
In 2006 they launched an online music distribution site, whitelabel.net. Files are shared with the file extension .wl.mp3. Stored inside the file is a mono copy of the song playable in standard players, a high quality Scratch Live version of the song, ID3 meta data, full visual track overview and BPM of the song.
In 2008 Serato released the eighth major release of Scratch Live, 1.8, offering video support via the Video-SL plugin.

</doc>
<doc id="18726826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726826" title="Masato Hirano (voice actor)">
Masato Hirano (voice actor)


</doc>
<doc id="18726843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726843" title="Sindh Police">
Sindh Police

Sindh Police is responsible for law enforcement and policing in the Pakistani province of Sindh.
History.
Sir Charles Napier established a police system in Sindh in 1843 based on the pattern of the colonial Irish constabulary. British Army Officers closely supervised and controlled the force which was consequently more disciplined, efficient and less corrupt. Influenced by the success of Napier’s police, the Court of Directors of the East India Company suggested that a common system of police be established on the pattern of the Irish Constabulary.
The British Indian Government set up a Police Commission headed by Mr. H.M.Court in 1860. One of the policy directives to the Police Commission of 1860 was that "though the duties of the police should be entirely civil, not military, the organization and discipline of the police should be similar to those of a military body". The present police system in our country has been established under this Charter. At the time of British Indian Police there was a famous Superintendent of Police from Pirdad (Hazro) in Punjab named Muhammad Umar Khan, who was much decorated.
In October 2010 the government announced that Sindh Police had been given the approval and will be provided with phone-tracking technology to help them tackle kidnapping cases and corruption on the streets of Karachi.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
9 January 2014 a powerful explosion targeted a convoy of police vehicles in Karachi on Thursday killing senior police official Chaudhry Aslam Khan.<br clear=both>
Chaudhry Aslam, who had survived numerous assassination attempts in the past, died along with two other officers when the bomb targeted the convoy on the Lyari expressway in Karachi.<br clear=both>
Senior police officer Iqbal Mehmood confirmed to reporters that SP CID Chaudhary Aslam Khan died in the attack, which took place around 4:40 pm near the Essa Nagri area.<br clear=both>
A suicide bomber smashed his vehicle into Aslam's convoy and he and two other policemen were killed, Iqbal Mehmood, a senior officer with the criminal investigation department, told news agency AFP.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
The blast was so powerful that it threw the shattered wreckage of Aslam's vehicle some 20 metres (65 feet) from where it was hit.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
The Mohmand agency chapter of the banned Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) claimed responsibility for the attack.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Sajjad Mohmand, a spokesman for the militant group said Aslam was targeted for carrying out operations against the TTP. “Aslam was involved in killing Taliban prisoners in CID cells in Karachi and was on the top of our hit-list,” he said.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Television channels showed that the powerful blast completely destroyed the bullet-proof car of the slain police officer.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
This was not the first time that the Aslam was targeted by the banned group. The slain officer was targeted at least three times earlier for his bold stance against Taliban militants.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Aslam had been receiving threats from the Pakistani Taliban, which tried to kill him in September 2011 in a huge explosion that tore off the front of his house in the port city.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
After that attack he made a defiant appearance before the media, saying: “I will give my life but I won't bow to terrorists.”<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Earlier on Thursday Aslam had claimed the killing of three suspected members of the Pakistani Taliban in an encounter in the city.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Police are currently involved in an operation aimed at clearing Karachi of militants and hardcore criminals including hired killers, gun runners and drug peddlers.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Tributes, condemnations and condolence messages started pouring in from several high-profile politicians and officials on the assassination of the senior officer.<br clear=both><br clear=both>
“Chaudhry Aslam was a brave officer,” said Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. “We will not let the will of the nation be crushed by these cowardly acts by terrorists.”<br clear=both><br clear=both>
Activities.
The Sindh Police has been actively involved in countering human trafficking, drug trade, and gang rivalry (as seen in the Lyari Operation).
Current Structure.
Today, Sindh Police is divided into:
Capital City Police Office - Karachi.
Karachi CCPO is divided into three zones:
Police Special Branches.
CID is divided into three cells
1. Operation Branch headed by Fayyaz Khan,
DSP Chaudhry Safder,
DSP Israr Awan
2. Operation Branch headed by Mazhar Iqbal Mashwani,
DSP Saqib,
DSP Arshad Kamal Kiyani
3. Anti-Extremist Cell headed by Chaudry Aslam,
SSP Omer Shahid.
Weaponry.
The Sindh Police uses a variety of weaponry. However, these are a few of the most common weapons used.
AK47, Heckler & Koch G3, Heckler & Koch MP5 (MP5K version also widely used), Berreta m92, various Glock pistols, RPG-7, Tear gas, Riot shields, Flak Jackets.
It is also very common for the Police to block roads with Shipping containers from the Karachi Port. However, this is an extremely controversial move, as the police forcEfully take these containers from shipping companies, and as these containers are extremely expensive to replace, the companies endure huge financial loss.
Vehicles.
The most common vehicles used by the Sindh Police are:
Toyota Hilux (Vigo version), Toyota Corolla, (2011 version), Mohafiz Internal Security Vehicle, APC Talha.
The Sindh Police is not known to use any aircraft, however there have been rumours that the Police use locally produced UAVs such as the SATUMA Jasoos, for reconnaissance.

</doc>
<doc id="18726857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726857" title="Antônio de Araújo">
Antônio de Araújo

Antônio de Araújo (1566 – 1632) was a Brazilian Jesuit missionary.
Araújo was born at St. Michael's in the Azores. He entered the Society of Jesus in Bahia, and was for nine years Superior of the Missions of Brazil. He edited for publication in 1618 a catechism in the Old Tupi language of Brazil. Nathanael Southwell says of it:
The 1686 edition was entitled "Catecismo brasilico da doutrina Christãa".

</doc>
<doc id="18726865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726865" title="X11 (disambiguation)">
X11 (disambiguation)

X11 may refer to:
X-11 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18726877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726877" title="Tillman Act of 1907">
Tillman Act of 1907

The Tillman Act of 1907 (34 Stat. 864) (January 26, 1907) was the first legislation in the United States prohibiting monetary contribution to national political campaigns by corporations.
Background.
Following the presidential election of 1904, charges were made against the victor, Theodore Roosevelt, regarding his acceptance of corporate contributions to his campaign. In response, Roosevelt in his annual address to Congress in 1905 called for the prohibition of such contributions:
Roosevelt repeated his call in the report to Congress for 1906, saying "I again recommend a law prohibiting all corporations from contributing to the campaign expenses of any party. Such a bill has already passed one House of Congress. Let individuals contribute as they desire; but let us prohibit in effective fashion all corporations from making contributions for any political purpose, directly or indirectly."
Contents.
In response to Roosevelt's call, Senator Benjamin Tillman of South Carolina sponsored the bill that became known as the Tillman Act. The bill passed the Senate on June 9, 1906. On June 17, 1906, "The New York Times" reported that "One 'great financial authority who is a Republican' gave assurance that 'he and all the financial men with whom I have talked have welcomed this legislation with very much the same emotions with which a serf would hail his liberation from a tyrannous autocrat'." The article further stated that if the bill passes the House, "it will not bring about the millennium, but will lessen a very mean and sordid practice of blackmail... the great number of corporations that have suffered extortion through weakness and cowardice will have their backbones stiffened, and parties will be put to it to fill their coffers by really voluntary contributions."
The Senate bill was subsequently amended to add a minimum fine provision and the possibility of a prison term for officers and directors. It was signed into law by President Roosevelt on January 26, 1907. The Act provided in full as follows:
The language of the Act provided for penalties but no actual enforcement method. No Federal Election Committee existed to enforce the provisions. There were no existing disclosure requirements for candidates accepting contributions, and so there was no effective way to enforce the new law. The Act applied to general elections, but not primary elections. In the South, the grip of the Democratic party was absolute, and so the primary election was the most important contested race. Further, a corporation could circumvent the law by directing its officers or directors to make personal contributions to a candidate, which were not prohibited, and then simply give them bonuses at year end to effectively reimburse them for those contributions. The Tillman Act was therefore simply a first step towards regulation of campaign finance. Additional steps would be taken by Congress in the disclosure provisions of the Publicity Act of 1910 (also known as the Federal Corrupt Practices Act), and the extension of the Tillman Act to primary elections in the 1911 amendments to the Tillman and Publicity Acts.

</doc>
<doc id="18726927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726927" title="SESAMO">
SESAMO

SESAMO is the acronym of "Sexrelation Evaluation Schedule Assessment Monitoring", is an Italian psychometric and psychological standardised and validated questionnaire (see Tab. 1) to examine single and couple aspect life, sexuality, interpersonal and intimate relationship.
Features.
As many others sexological tests, a female and a male version are available and both are made up of three sections (see Tab. 2):
Contents.
The two versions (male/female) and their subsection (single/couple) of the questionnaire, contain 135 items for male and female single people, and 173 for males and females with a partner respectively. This method allows to detect dysfunctional sexual and relational aspects in singles people and people with a partner, aiming at two main goals:
Assessment.
The assessment essentially aims at those areas concerning previous and present sexuality and, at the same time, it takes into consideration all those elements that, even indirectly, could have affected the development, expression and display of personality, affectivity and relationality (interpersonal and intimate relationships).
The questionnaire takes into consideration the following areas (as shown on Tab. 2):
social environmental data, psychosexual identity, sphere of pleasure (sex play, paraphilias), previous and present masturbation, previous sexual experiences, affective-relational condition, sexual intercourse, imaginative eroticism, contraception, relational attitude; additional areas are intended only for subjects with a partner: couple interaction, communicativeness within the sexual sphere, roles within the couple and extrarelational sexuality (i.e. outside couple sexuality).
Methodology.
The SESAMO_Win methodology is provided with a software for administering the questionnaire and creating a multifactorial multilevel evaluation Report.
This software analyses and decodes the answers obtained through direct administration on the computer or entered into the computer from printed forms and produces an anamnestic report about the subjects' sexual and relational condition. Once the administration has been completed, the software does not allow the questionnaire and its respective report to be altered or manipulated. This is necessary for deontological reasons and, above all, to assure its validity in legal appraisals and screenings.
The software processes a report for each questionnaire. Each report can be displayed on the computer monitor or printed out. It is also possible to print out the whole report or its single parts.
Anamnestic report.
The report is divided in 9 parts:
It contains the subject's identification data and some directions for using the information in the report properly (interpretations, inferences and indications provided by the report).
It displays a summary of personal data, BMI (Body mass index), the starting and finishing time of the administration, the time required to fill in the questionnaire, the composition of the household, the present affective-relational condition and "off-the-cuff" comments from the subject at the end of the administration.
A diagram displays a comparative summary of the scores obtained by the subject in each area of analysis (it could be defined as a "snapshot" of the subject's sexual-relational condition). The right side of the diagram (displaying positive scores) indicates an hypothesis about the degree of discomfort/dysfunction for each area. 
The critical traits section highlights the most relevant and significative features of the subject's condition and his/her sexual-relational fields. These indications allow to get some relevant hints to be used in prospective in-depth medical, psychological, psychiatric interviews.
It tells in a narrative and detailed way the subject's sexual-relational history, through the explanations and comments he/she made while completing the questionnaire.
It gives some brief indications about those focal points which need to be addressed and carefully considered, besides it suggests prospective specialist examinations and counselling.
This section of the report displays, as well as the topic relative to each question, the indexes of subliminal factors measured on the subject and the significance degree of the answers he/she has chosen for each item.
This section displays all the answers chosen and entered into the computer by the subject while completing the questionnaire; as well as being a documental report (official certificate), it can be used in personalised close examinations and to obtain the open answers entered through the keyboard by the subject.
Criticism.
The disadvantages of this device are the time required for filling in the questionnaire (30–60 minutes) and the fact that the complete report can be elaborated only by the software. A reduced version of the questionnaire has less items but can be administered and scored through the paper and pencil method.
A clinical research that has used the brief version, expresses this:
"During follow-up each patient received the SESAMO test (Sexuality Evaluation Schedule Assessment Monitoring) in the standard clinical form, with the end point of tracking down the sexual, affective, and relationship profile of each Htx pts [...]. The SESAMO questionnaire is based on topics relative to male and female sexuality in mates situation. Topics are grouped in two section: the first one collects data on former sexuality, health history, and social behavior; the second one looks at the mate's relationship to show any situation revealing sexual worries. The questionnaire gives values based on a survey of 648 people with characteristics quite similar to the Italian population. The clinical test for mates is based on 81 items for males and 85 items for females. The row score for each topic is modified in standard scores. The exceeding of scores over a specified threshold gives concise information for diagnostic purpose".

</doc>
<doc id="18726931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18726931" title="Humboldt Range">
Humboldt Range

The Humboldt Range is a largely north-south running range of mountains in northwest Nevada, USA, that extend from the town of Imlay in the north to the junction with the West Humboldt Range in the south. It is bordered continuously by Interstate 80 and the Humboldt River, largely expanded in the form of the Rye Patch Reservoir in this area, on the west side and by a long and fairly broad Buena Vista Valley to the east, in a typical basin-and-range pattern. The Humboldts are ostensibly visible to travelers along Interstate 80, especially with respect to the highest point of the range, Star Peak, which with a quite nicely defined tip reaches an elevation of 9,836 feet (2,998 m), located in the center of the north range section. The midpoint of the range is in the area of Fourth of July Flat. The Humboldt Range is also noteworthy for having a famous historical town at its base on the eastern side called Unionville, which, for a brief period, was home to Samuel Clemens. Another historical site, now a ghost town, nearby is called Star City. Unlike some ranges in the vicinity, the substantial height of the Humboldts allows for a number of continuously flowing watersheds, and hiking the terrain is a somewhat noted activity.

</doc>
<doc id="18727064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727064" title="Saltsjön">
Saltsjön

Saltsjön is a bay of the Baltic Sea that extends from Stockholm archipelago to the inner city of Stockholm. Its innermost part reaches the eastern shore of Gamla stan at Skeppsbrokajen. It is navigable for large craft and the major ferry lines to and from Stockholm pass through it. Saltsjön is connected to Lake Mälaren through Norrström, through Karl Johanslussen at Slussen, and through Hammarbyslussen and Hammarbyleden.
"Saltsjö" or "Saltsjön" may also denote other parts of the Baltic in the Stockholm region, as opposed to Mälaren or inland lakes. The word appears as part of place names such as Saltsjöbaden, Saltsjö-Boo or Saltsjö-Duvnäs which are not related to Saltsjön proper.

</doc>
<doc id="18727100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727100" title="Balázs Farkas (footballer born 1979)">
Balázs Farkas (footballer born 1979)

Balázs Farkas (born 15 October 1979 in Győr) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Kecskeméti TE.

</doc>
<doc id="18727120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727120" title="R67">
R67

R67 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18727274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727274" title="Kamen-Mukdykyn">
Kamen-Mukdykyn

Kamen-Mukdykyn is a small Russian island in the Sea of Okhotsk. Its coordinates are 59°15'39"N - 152°13'12"E. It lies 280 m south of the Russian shores. Administratively Kamen-Mukdykyn belongs to the Magadan Oblast of the Russian Federation.
it also is the home to most breeds of guppys and is the only salt water ocean/sea to hold guppys.

</doc>
<doc id="18727292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727292" title="Edward Brooke (disambiguation)">
Edward Brooke (disambiguation)

Edward Brooke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18727321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727321" title="Ingo Taleb Rashid">
Ingo Taleb Rashid

Ingo Taleb Rashid, *2.5.1963, is Sheikh of the Tariqah Naqshbandi-Rashidiya, director & choreographer, founder of El Haddawi,
Life and work.
He was born in Iraq, is head of the "Naqshbandi-Rashidiya" Sufi tradition and founder of Movement Concept - a system of teaching and learning, which is influenced by long years of studies in the following fields:<br>
Bujinkan Budo Tai Jutsu, classical Japanese Sword Fighting, judo, Feldenkrais Method, Capoeira, Stanislawski Method, Noh-Theatre, Modern Dance, stuntman training. He spent significant times in Japan studying martial arts and the local culture, and, since 1993, regularly works together with Kazuo Ohno (one of the founders of Japanese Butoh) and his son Yoshito.
He choreographed, amongst others of the musical "Peace Child", one of the first theatre productions in Israel in which Jewish and Arabic children were working together.
His last bigger production "Danse Macabre", a mystery play about death and dying was inspired by the death paintings of the Spreuerbridge in Lucerne (Switzerland) and first brought to stage there.
Rashid regularly takes out performances, seminars and lectures in Europe, Asia and South America. He is producer of the International El Haddawi-Winterschool on Frauenchiemsee since 2001, of the Chiemgau-Dance-Theatre-Festival (since 2008) and seminar-travels.
Productions (Dance-Theatre).
Warrior Soul: A journey through the soul of a warrior… Memories about honour, heroism and peace.
L’Amour Nomade: : Travel fragments, encounters and images in a nomadic world
Danse Macabre: A mystery play about death and dying
Circles: A dance mandala based on the 99 names of God in the Sufi tradition
Badehausträume: Fantasies rising from the steam in the Japanese bathhouse - “a ghostly dance of forgetting”
Peace Child: A musical about a possible peace between Israelis and Palestinians
External links.
Homepage of El Haddawi: http://www.elhaddawi.de<br>
El Haddawi-Dance-Company: http://www.elhaddawi-dance-company.com

</doc>
<doc id="18727322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727322" title="Arthur Jolliffe">
Arthur Jolliffe

Arthur Ernest Jolliffe (23 January 1871) – 17 March 1944) was a British mathematician.
Life.
Jolliffee was born in Oxford on 23 January 1871 and educated at the City of Oxford School and Balliol College, Oxford. He was a Fellow of Corpus Christi College, Oxford from 1891 to 1920, and was also an assistant tutor at Jesus College, Oxford from 1903 to 1920. He was then appointed as Professor of Mathematics at the University of London, retiring in 1936. He was made an Honorary Fellow of Corpus Christi College in 1931 and of Jesus College in 1934. He died on 17 March 1944 in Oxford.
He was known more for the high quality of his teaching than for prolific mathematical research. However, one of his papers, on uniform convergence of trigonometric series, remains well cited. He was also a contributor to the Encyclopædia Britannica.

</doc>
<doc id="18727335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727335" title="Dave Nestelle">
Dave Nestelle

Dave Nestelle is a comic book colorist and creator who is known for his "".

</doc>
<doc id="18727350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727350" title="2003 Tata Open – Singles">
2003 Tata Open – Singles

Guillermo Cañas was the defending champion but lost in the quarterfinals to Karol Kučera.
Paradorn Srichaphan won in the final 6–3, 6–1 against Kučera.

</doc>
<doc id="18727355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727355" title="Derby">
Derby

Derby ( ) is a city and unitary authority in the East Midlands region of England. It lies upon the banks of the River Derwent and is located in the south of the ceremonial county of Derbyshire, of which it was traditionally the county town. In the 2011 census, the city had a population of 248,700.
As home to Lombe's Mill, the first factory in the world, Derby is considered a birthplace of the Industrial Revolution. With the arrival of the railways in the 19th century, and due to its strategic central location, the city grew to become a foremost centre of the British rail industry.
Today, Derby is an internationally renowned centre for advanced transport manufacturing, home to the world’s second largest aero-engine manufacturer, Rolls-Royce, and Derby Litchurch Lane Works—the UK's only remaining train manufacturer. The Toyota Manufacturing UK's automobile headquarters is found just South of the city at Burnaston.
History.
Origins.
The Roman camp of 'Derventio' was probably at Little Chester/Chester Green ();
The site of the old Roman fort is at Chester Green. Later the town was one of the 'Five Boroughs' (fortified towns) of the Danelaw.
"Djúra-bý", recorded in Anglo-Saxon as "Deoraby" "Village of the Deer". This popular belief is asserted by Tim Lambert who states, "The name Derby is derived from the Danish words deor by meaning deer settlement" without reference or proof. However, some assert that it is a corruption of the original Roman name 'Derventio'. The proven origin of the name "Derby" would seem to be elusive.
The name could also be linked with the river which flows through it, the Derwent, meaning 'oak'.
The town name appears, nevertheless, as 'Darby' or 'Darbye' on early modern maps, such as that of Speed (1610).
Modern research (2004) into the history and archaeology of Derby has provided evidence that the Vikings and Anglo-Saxons probably co-existed, occupying two areas of land surrounded by water. The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle (c. 900) says that "Derby is divided by water". These areas of land were known as "Norþworþig" ("Northworthy", = "north enclosure") and Deoraby, and were at the "Irongate" (north) side of Derby.
16th century – 18th century.
During the Civil War of 1642–1646, Derby was garrisoned by Parliamentary troops commanded by Sir John Gell, 1st Baronet, who was appointed Governor of Derby in 1643. These troops took part in the defence of nearby Nottingham, the Siege of Lichfield, the Battle of Hopton Heath and many other engagements in Nottinghamshire, Staffordshire and Cheshire, as well as successfully defending Derbyshire against Royalist armies.
A hundred years later, Bonnie Prince Charlie set up camp at Derby on 4 December 1745, whilst on his way south to seize the British crown. The prince called at The George Inn on Irongate, where the Duke of Devonshire had set up his headquarters, and demanded billets for his 9,000 troops. 
He stayed at Exeter House, Exeter Street where he held his ""council of war"". A replica of the room is on display at Derby Museum in the city centre. He had received misleading information about an army coming to meet him south of Derby. Although he wished to continue with his quest, he was over-ruled by his fellow officers. He abandoned his invasion at Swarkestone Bridge on the River Trent just a few miles south of Derby. As a testament to his belief in his cause, the prince – who on the march from Scotland had walked at the front of the column – made the return journey on horseback at the rear of the bedraggled and tired army.
Industrial Revolution.
Derby and Derbyshire were centres of Britain's Industrial Revolution. In 1717, Derby was the site of the first water powered silk mill in Britain, built by John Lombe and George Sorocold, after Lombe had reputedly stolen the secrets of silk-throwing from Piedmont in Italy (he is alleged to have been poisoned by the Piedmontese as revenge in 1722).
In 1759, Jedediah Strutt patented and built a machine called the Derby Rib Attachment that revolutionised the manufacture of hose. This attachment was used on the Rev. Lee's Framework Knitting Machine; it was placed in front of – and worked in unison with – Lee's Frame, to produce ribbed hose (stockings). The partners were Jedediah Strutt, William Woollatt (who had been joined in 1758 by John Bloodworth and Thomas Stafford, all leading hosiers in Derby). The patent was obtained in January 1759. After three years, Bloodworth and Stafford were paid off, and Samuel Need – a hosier of Nottingham – joined the partnership. The firm was known as Need, Strutt and Woollatt. The patent expired in 1773, though the partnership continued until 1781 when Need died.
Messrs Wright, the bankers of Nottingham, recommended that Richard Arkwright apply to Strutt and Need for finance for his cotton spinning mill. The first mill opened in Nottingham in 1770 and was driven by horses. In 1771 Richard Arkwright, Samuel Need and Jedediah Strutt built the world's first commercially successful water-powered cotton spinning mill at Cromford, Derbyshire, developing a form of power that was to be a catalyst for the Industrial Revolution.
This was followed in Derbyshire by Jedediah Strutt's cotton spinning mills at Belper. They were: South Mill, the first, 1775; North Mill, 1784, which was destroyed by fire on 12 January 1803 and then rebuilt; it started work again at the end of 1804; West Mill, 1792, commenced working 1796; Reeling Mill, 1897; Round Mill, which took 10 years to build, from 1803 to 1813, and commenced working in 1816; and Milford Mills, 1778. The Belper and Milford mills were "not" built in partnership with Arkwright. These mills were all Strutt owned and financed.
Other famous 18th-century figures with connections to Derby include the painter Joseph Wright, known as Wright of Derby, who was famous for his revolutionary use of light in his paintings and was an associate of the Royal Academy; and John Whitehurst, a famous clockmaker and philosopher. Erasmus Darwin, doctor, scientist, philosopher and grandfather of Charles Darwin, whose practice was based in Lichfield, Staffordshire was a frequent visitor to Derby, having founded the Derby Philosophical Society.
The beginning of the next century saw Derby emerging as an engineering centre with manufacturers such as James Fox, who exported machine tools to Russia.
In 1840, the North Midland Railway set up its works in Derby and, when it merged with the Midland Counties Railway and the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway, to form the Midland Railway, Derby became its headquarters.
The connection with the railway encouraged others, notably Andrew Handyside, Charles Fox and his son Francis Fox. 
Derby was one of the boroughs reformed by the Municipal Corporations Act 1835, and it became a county borough with the Local Government Act 1888. The borough expanded in 1877 to include Little Chester and Litchurch, and then in 1890 to include New Normanton and Rowditch. The borough did not increase substantially again until 1968, when under a recommendation of the Local Government Boundary Commission it was expanded into large parts of the rural district of Belper, Repton and South East Derbyshire. This vastly increased Derby's population from 132,408 in the 1961 census to 219,578 in the 1971 census.
Despite being one of the areas of Britain furthest from the sea, Derby holds a special place in the history of marine safety – it was as MP for Derby that Samuel Plimsoll introduced his bills for a 'Plimsoll line' (and other marine safety measures). This failed on first introduction, but was successful in 1876 and contributed to Plimsoll's re-election as an MP.
20th century to present day.
An industrial boom began in Derby when Rolls-Royce opened a car and aircraft factory in the town in 1907. In 1923, the Midland Railway became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway with headquarters in London. However, Derby remained a major rail manufacturing centre, second only to Crewe and Wolverton. Moreover it remained a design and development centre and in the 'thirties, on the direction of Lord Stamp, the LMS Scientific Research Laboratory was opened on London Road.
In World War I, Derby was targeted by German Zeppelin air bombers, who killed five people in a 1916 raid on the town.
All Saints Church was designated as a cathedral in 1927, signalling that the town was ready for city status.
Slum clearance in the 1920s and 1930s saw the central area of Derby become less heavily populated as families were rehoused on new council estates in the suburbs, where houses for private sale were also constructed. Rehousing, council house building and private housing developments continued on a large scale for some 30 years after the end of World War II in 1945.
Production and repair work continued at the railway works. In December 1947 the Locomotive Works unveiled Britain's first mainline passenger diesel-electric locomotive – "Number 10000". In 1958 production switched over to diesel locomotives completely. Meanwhile the Carriage and Wagon Works were building the first of the Diesel Multiple Units which were to take over many of the services.
In 1964 the British Rail Research Division opened to study all aspects of railway engineering from first principles. Its first success was in drastically improving the reliability and speed of goods trains, work which led to the development of the Advanced Passenger Train.
Derby gained a high profile in sport following the appointment of Brian Clough as manager of Derby County F.C. in 1967. Promotion to the Football League First Division was achieved in 1969, and County were champions of the English league three years later. Following the Clough's resignation in 1973, his successor Dave Mackay guided Derby County to another league title in 1975, but this remains to date the club's last major trophy; relegation followed in 1980 and top flight status was not regained until 1987, since then Derby have spent a total of 11 seasons (1987–1991, 1996–2002, 2007–2008) in the top flight. The club moved from its century-old Baseball Ground in 1997 to the new Pride Park Stadium.
Derby was awarded city status on 7 June 1977 by Queen Elizabeth II to mark the 25th anniversary of her ascension to the throne. The Queen presented the "charter scroll" or 'letters patent' in person on 28 July 1977 on the steps of the Council House to the then Mayor Councillor Jeffrey Tillet (Conservative). Until then, Derby had been one of the few towns in England with a cathedral but not city status.
Derby holds an important position in the history of the Labour movement, because it was one of two seats (the other being Keir Hardie's in Merthyr Tydfil) gained by the recently formed Labour Representation Committee at the 1900 general election. The MP was Richard Bell, General Secretary of the Railway Servants Union. Bell was succeeded in 1910 by Jimmy Thomas and he in turn by the distinguished polymath and Nobel Laureate Philip Noel-Baker in 1936.
Despite its strategic industries (rail and aero-engine), Derby suffered comparatively little damage in both world wars (contrast Bristol and Filton). This may in part have been due to the jamming against the German radio-beam navigations systems (X-Verfahren and Knickebein, camouflage and decoy techniques ('Starfish sites') were built, mainly south of the town, e.g. out in fields near Foremark (ref. Kirk, Felix & Bartnik, 2002, see talk; see also).
Derby has also become a significant cultural centre for the deaf community in the British. Many deaf people move to Derby because of its strong sign language-using community. It is estimated that the deaf population in Derby is at least three times higher than the national average, and that only London has a larger deaf population. The Royal School for the Deaf on Ashbourne Road provides education in British Sign Language and English.
Government.
Local government.
By traditional definitions, Derby is the county town of Derbyshire, although Derbyshire's administrative centre has in recent years been Matlock. On 1 April 1997 Derby City Council became again a unitary authority (a status it had held, as a county borough, up until 1974), with the rest of Derbyshire administered from Matlock.
UK Parliament.
Derby was a single United Kingdom Parliamentary constituency represented by two members of parliament until 1950, when it was divided into the single-member constituencies of Derby North and Derby South.
National HQ.
The Rail Accident Investigation Branch has its headquarters in The Wharf, a facility in Derby. RAIB has one of its two operational centres in Derby.
Geography.
Derby is split into 17 wards.
Industry.
Derby's two biggest employers, Rolls-Royce plc and the Toyota Motor Corporation are engaged in engineering manufacturing. Other companies of note include railway systems engineering firm Bombardier Transportation who manufacture railway rolling stock at the Derby Carriage and Wagon Works, HeroTSC, who deal with much of Sky's telephone support, and Alstom who manufacture large power plant boilers and heat exchangers.
Derby was for many years a railway centre, being the former headquarters of the Midland Railway, with both British Rail workshops and research facilities in the town. Although much less important than in years gone by, limited train manufacture still continues in Derby and Derby railway station retains an important position in the railway network. The city is favoured as a site for a national railway centre.
From 1922 Sinfin Lane was the home of the site of International Combustion, originally manufacturers of machinery for the automatic delivery of pulverised fuel to furnaces and boilers, and later producing steam-generating boilers for use in electrical generating plant such as used in power stations. In the 1990s the firm was bought by Rolls-Royce plc and then sold on again to ABB Group.
Derby was the home of Core Design (originally based on Ashbourne Road), who developed the world famous video game "Tomb Raider". When Derby's inner ring road was completed in 2010, a section of it was named 'Lara Croft Way' after the game's heroine Lara Croft.
One of Derby's longest-established businesses is Royal Crown Derby, which has been producing porcelain since the 1750s.
Landmarks.
Derby Cathedral tower is 212 feet (68.6 meters) tall to the tip of the pinnacles. This has been home to a pair of breeding peregrine falcons since 2006. Three webcams monitor the falcons here.
Derby Gaol is a visitor attraction based in the dungeons of the Derbyshire County Gaol which dates back to 1756.
Derby Industrial Museum is situated in Derby Silk Mill and shows the industrial heritage and technological achievement of Derby, including Rolls-Royce aero engines, railways, mining, quarrying and foundries. Currently closed due to council cuts. The Silk Mill stands at the southern end of the 24 km (15 mi) stretch of the River Derwent designated a World Heritage Site in 2001.
Pickford's House Museum was built by architect Joseph Pickford in 1770. It was his home and business headquarters. Derby Museum and Art Gallery shows paintings by Joseph Wright, as well as fine Royal Crown Derby porcelain, natural history, local regiments and archaeology. Pickford also designed St Helen's House in King Street.
The skyline of the inner city changed in 1968 when the inner ring road with its two new crossings of the River Derwent was built. The route of the ring road went through the St. Alkmund's Church and its Georgian churchyard, the only Georgian square in Derby. Both were demolished to make way for the road, a move still criticised today. Thus the editor (Elizabeth Williamson) of the 2nd edition of Pevsner for Derbyshire wrote:- '...the character and cohesion of the centre has been completely altered by the replacement of a large number of C18 houses in the centre by a multi-lane road. As a traffic scheme this road is said to be a triumph; as townscape it is a disaster.'
Places of interest.
Royal Crown Derby Museum and Factory Tour http://www.royalcrownderby.co.uk/visiting
Transport.
Roads.
The city has extensive transport links with other areas of the country. The M1 motorway passes about ten miles (16 km) to the east of the city, linking Derby southwards to the London area and northwards to Sheffield and Leeds. Other major roads passing through or near Derby include the A6 (historically the main route from London to Carlisle, also linking to Leicester and Manchester), A38 (Bodmin to Mansfield via Bristol and Birmingham), A50 (Warrington to Leicester via Stoke-on-Trent), A52 (Newcastle-under-Lyme to Mablethorpe, including "Brian Clough Way" linking Derby to Nottingham) and A61 (Derby to Thirsk via Sheffield and Leeds).
On 16 March 2011, Mercian Way, the final section of the city's inner ring road, was opened to traffic. This new section connects Burton Road with Uttoxeter New Road, and crosses Abbey Street. Abbey Street is the only road between the two ends from which Mercian Way can be accessed.
Bold Lane Car Park in Derby has been cited as one of the ten most secure places in the world.
Railways.
Derby has been served by railways since 1840 with the opening of the North Midland Railway to Leeds, with a route to London via Rugby provided by the Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway. At the same time, a route to Nottingham and Leicester was opened by the Midland Counties Railway. In 1844, these three companies merged to form the Midland Railway who subsequently opened a direct route to London St Pancras station. The present day station, Derby Midland is on the same site as 1840 and the original platform visibly forms the sub-structure of the modern Platform 1. The Midland Railway frontage was replaced in 1985, and during 2008 and 2009 the 1950s concrete platform canopies were replaced with steel and glass structures.
Derby station is operated by East Midlands Trains and the city is served by expresses to London, the North East and South West, provided by East Midlands Trains and CrossCountry. There also remain local stations at Peartree and Spondon, although services are limited, especially at the former.
The Great Northern Railway's "Derbyshire and North Staffordshire Extension" formerly ran through Derby Friargate Station, from Colwick and Nottingham to Egginton Junction. After closure, part of the route west of Derby was used by British Rail as a test track. Today, the trackbed either side of Derby is blocked only by road development and has been converted to a Sustrans cycle track. The ornate cast iron bridge by Andrew Handyside across Friargate is still in place, as is his bridge over the river.
Railway engineering.
As a consequence of the Midland Railway basing their headquarters in Derby, along with their Locomotive and Carriage and Wagon Works, the railways had been a major influence on the development of the town during the Victorian period.
However, as described above, during the 20th century, railway manufacturing developed elsewhere, while in Derby the emphasis shifted to other industries. Even though it had pioneered the introduction of diesel locomotives, new production finished in 1966. Repair work gradually diminished until, finally the locomotive works closed, the land being redeveloped as Pride Park. The only buildings remaining are those visible from Platform 6 of the station.
The Carriage and Wagon Works continues to build trains under Bombardier Transportation. The Railway Technical Centre continues to house railway businesses, including the headquarters of DeltaRail Group, formerly the British Rail Research Division.
Air.
East Midlands Airport is situated about fifteen miles (24 km) from Derby city centre. Its proximity to Derby, the fact that the airport is in Leicestershire, and the traditional rivalry between the three cities (Derby, Leicester and Nottingham), meant that there was controversy concerning the airport's decision to prefix its name with Nottingham in 2004. In 2006, Nottingham East Midlands Airport reverted to its previous name. The airport is served by budget airlines, including Ryanair and Jet2, with services to domestic and European destinations.
Derby Airfield, located approximately southwest of the city centre has grass runways targeted at general aviation.
Bus and coach.
Derby's former bus station was an art deco design by borough architect C.H. Aslin. Built in 1933, it was closed in 2005 and later demolished, despite the protests of environmentalists and conservationists. The unique cafe building is planned to be rebuilt at Crich Tramway Museum. A new bus station has been built on the site as part of the Riverlights development which was opened on Sunday the 28 March 2010. Since the closure of the old bus station, services have been using temporary stops on streets around the Morledge area. Most services in Derby now terminate at the bus station. The new bus station is modern, with 29 bays, 5 for coaches and 24 for general bus services. First, the concourse area where passengers board and alight was completed. The remainder of the building has been developed as a Holiday Inn and a Hilton Hotel as well as a convenience store which opened in late 2010.
Local bus services in and around Derby are run by a number of companies, but principally Trent Barton and Arriva Midlands. The city is on National Express's London to Manchester and Yorkshire to the South West routes. A whole list of local bus routes can be viewed on the List of bus routes in Derby page.
Between 1932 and 1967, Derby Corporation operated the Derby trolleybus system. The last trolleybus ran on 9 September 1967. Several Derby vehicles have been preserved at Sandtoft and the East Anglia Transport Museum.
Culture, entertainment and sport.
Music.
The annual open-air concert at Darley Park is one of the biggest free concerts of its kind. It is one of many performances given throughout the year by Sinfonia ViVA, a professional chamber orchestra based in Derby. The Derby Jazz group caters for the jazz interest in the city and is regarded as one of the UK's leading live jazz organisations.
In rock music, the blues singer-songwriter Kevin Coyne comes from Derby, as does the three piece rock band LostAlone, who are signed to Warner Brothers Records. The ska punk band Lightyear also hail from the city, naming their second album Chris Gentlemens Hairdresser and Railway Book Shop after a shop in Macklin Street.
The pop band White Town is from Derby, and their video "Your Woman" features many scenes from the city centre.
One of Derby's most successful bands is Anti-Pasti, whose debut 1981 album "The Last Call" reached the top 40 in the UK album charts. The band are planning a reunion tour for 2012.
A full-scale programme of orchestral and other concerts is presented at the Assembly Rooms. A thriving amateur classical music scene includes two choral societies, Derby Bach Choir and Derby Choral Union, smaller choirs, including the Derwent Singers and Sitwell Singers, and Derby Concert Orchestra. Derby Chamber Music presents an annual series of chamber music concerts at Derby University's Multifaith Centre. A series of organ recitals is presented every summer at Derby Cathedral, featuring leading international performers.
An active folk-music scene includes the annual Derby Folk Festival.
Music venues in the city include the Assembly Rooms, The Venue on Abbey Street, Ryans Bar in the St Peters Quarter and The Victoria Inn.
The VoiceBox, a converted former industrial building near the centre of Derby, is a performance, teaching and rehearsal venue concerned with a wide range of vocal and choral music.
Theatre and arts.
Derby Playhouse regularly received acclaim in the national press for its productions, particularly, for its staging of shows by Stephen Sondheim. After a lengthy period of financial uncertainty, the theatre closed in February 2008. It was resurrected in September of that year after a new financing package was put together but forced to close again just two months later because of further financial problems. The lease was later bought by Derby University and the building was renamed Derby Theatre. Along with the Assembly Rooms and Guildhall Theatre, it was operated by Derby LIVE, the cultural arm of Derby City Council. In 2012 Derby University took over as sole operator of Derby Theatre; Sarah Brigham was appointed Artistic Director, and has been in post since January 2013.
QUAD is a centre for art and film which opened on in 2008. The building has two cinema screens showing independent and mainstream cinema, two gallery spaces housing contemporary visual arts, a digital studio, participation spaces, digital editing suites, artists studio and the BFI Mediatheque. QUAD organises the FORMAT international photography festival, the largest photography festival in the UK, held every two years in Derby.
The Robert Ludlam Theatre is a 270 seat venue with a programme of entertainment including dance, drama, art, music, theatre in the round, comedy, films, family entertainment, rock and pop events, workshops and provides a home for many of Derbyshire's amateur production groups.
The critically acclaimed theatre company "Oddsocks" is based in Derby and stages a number of productions in the city and surrounding area.
Among Derby's many amateur theatre groups, Derby Shakespeare Theatre Company has received critical acclaim for its often innovative productions, and is regularly invited to appear at the Minack Theatre in Cornwall.
Derby Festé is a spectacular weekend street arts festival held every September.
John Dexter the theatre director and the actor Alan Bates were from Derby.
Sport.
Derby is home to several sports clubs.
Derby County, the city's football team, were FA Cup winners in 1946, Football League champions in 1972 and again in 1975. They are members of the Football League Championship. They have played at Pride Park Stadium since 1997, having been previously based at the Baseball Ground, a stadium originally built in 1890 to house Derby's short-lived baseball team (one notable baseball player and famous footballer was the Derby legend Steve Bloomer). Derby County moved there in 1895 after the baseball team folded. Former Derby County managers include Brian Clough, Arthur Cox, Jim Smith, John Gregory and George Burley. Former players include Colin Todd, Roy McFarland (who both later had brief and unsuccessful stints as manager at the club), Dave Mackay, Peter Shilton, Dean Saunders, Craig Short, Marco Gabbiadini, Horacio Carbonari, Steve Bloomer and Tom Huddlestone. The club's most recent spell as a top division (FA Premier League) club ended in May 2008 after just one season, during which the club won just one out of 38 league games and finished with just 11 points, the lowest in the history of the Premier League.
There are three senior non-league football clubs based in the city. Mickleover Sports play at Station Road, Mickleover and are members of the EvoStik Northern Premier League (the seventh level of the English football league system). Graham Street Prims and Borrowash Victoria are both members of the East Midlands Counties League (level ten) and play on adjacent grounds at the Asterdale complex in Spondon.
Derbyshire County Cricket Club are based at the County Ground in Derby and play almost all home matches there, although matches at Chesterfield were re-introduced in 2006. One of the designated first class county sides, they have won the County Championship once, in 1936.
Derby has clubs in both codes of rugby. In rugby union, Derby RFC play in Midlands Division One East (the sixth level of English rugby union) at their Haslams Lane ground. Rugby league team Derby City RLFC were formed in 1990 and compete in the Midlands Premier Division of the National Rugby League Conference. From 2008 they are ground sharing with Derby RFC at Haslams Lane.
The city is represented in the English Basketball League Division One by Derby Trailblazers, who play at the Moorways Sports Centre. They were formed in 2002 following the demise of British Basketball League side Derby Storm.
Local industrialist Francis Ley introduced baseball to the town in the late 19th century, and built a stadium near the town centre. The attempt to establish baseball in Derby was unsuccessful, but the stadium survived for some 100 years afterwards as the home of Derby County Football Club. It was demolished in 2003, six years after County's move to Pride Park.
Professional golfer Melissa Reid was born in Derby in 1987. She plays on the Ladies European Tour, and was a member of the victorious European Team in the 2011 Solheim Cup.
Arthur Keily the marathon runner and Olympian was born in Derbyshire in 1921 and has lived his whole life in Derby. In Rome in 1960 he broke the English Olympic record, recording a time of 2 hours 27 mins.
Recreation.
Derby Arboretum was the first public park in the country and is thought to have been one of the inspirations for Central Park in New York. Although it suffered from neglect in the 1990s, it has been renovated.
Markeaton Park is Derby's most used leisure facility. It is the venue for the city council's annual Guy Fawkes Night firework display and contains its own light railway. Other major parks in the city include Allestree Park, Darley Park, Chaddesden Park, Alvaston Park, Normanton Park and Osmaston Park.
Derby has a number of public parks, many Victorian in origin. It is also believed to be one of the country's highest, if not the highest, ranking cities for parkland per capita. Darley and Derwent parks lie immediately north of the city centre and are home to owls, kingfishers and other wildlife. Derby Rowing Club and Derwent Rowing Club are located on the banks of the river. There is also a riverside walk and cycle path from Darley Park south to two other parks. West of the city centre is Markeaton Park, while to the north is Allestree Park and its lake.
Derby has the first public recreational park in the country to have an arboretum (Derby Arboretum), which lies to the south of the city centre. The arboretum was set up by the philanthropic landowner and industrialist Joseph Strutt in 1840. The arboretum's website states that the arboretum's design was the inspiration for the vision of great urban parks in the United States, notably Central Park in New York City.
There are four museums: Derby Museum and Art Gallery; Pickford's House Museum; The Silk Mill and The Royal Crown Derby Museum.
Shopping and nightlife.
Shopping in central Derby is divided into three main areas. These are the Cathedral Quarter, Derby, the St Peters Quarter and Westfield Shopping Centre, the latter controlled by the Westfield Group. The Cathedral Quarter was Derby's first BID (Business Improvement District), and includes a large range of shops, boutiques, coffee shops and restaurants. It is focused around the Cathedral and the area around Irongate and Sadler Gate. It includes the Market place, the Guildhall and Assembly rooms along with the City Museum and the Silk Mill industrial museum.
The St Peters Quarter is Derby's second Business Improvement district brought into effect in the summer of 2011. Its boundary with the Cathedral Quarter follows Victoria Street, the ancient course of Markeaton Brook. The quarter boasts a diverse range of retail shops many of them, in Green Lane, Babington Lane, Osmaston Road and elsewhere, independent traders. St Peters Street, London Road and East Street also includes a large choice of National retailers along with pubs, restaurants, banks and offices. The quarter includes the historic St Peters church and, on St Peters Churchyard, the Ancient Derby School building. Nearby also is the Old Courthouse and several other notable buildings. At the eastern end of the quarter is the bus station along with the Hilton Hotel and Holiday Inn, part of the prestigious Riverlights Development on the banks of the Derwent.
Westfield Derby (incorporating the former Eagle Centre) is the city's main indoor shopping centre. It opened in 2007 after extension work costing £340 million. It contains a food court and a 12-screen cinema (Showcase – Cinema De Lux) which was opened in May 2008. The development was controversial and local opponents accuse it of drawing trade away from the older parts of the city centre where independent shops are located. Some of these experienced a downturn in trade and some have ceased trading since the development opened leading to the "Lanes" project which eventually became the second BID and the formation of St Peters Quarter. In Westfield itself, a combination of high rents and rising rates have made things difficult for smaller traders.
The Friar Gate area contains clubs and bars, making it the centre of Derby's nightlife, although it has seen a steady decline in recent years, like many cities, due to the current economic climate. Derby is also well provided with pubs and is renowned for its large amount of real ale outlets.
The Kingsway Retail Park is located just outside of the main city, off the A38 and has a TK Maxx, Sainsburys, Halfords, M&S Food, Homebase, Argos and other retailers. There are new food outlets scheduled to open in 2013 (Including Costa Coffee).
The Wyvern Way Retail Park is located just off the A52, by the pride park business park; stores include, Sainsburys, Maplin, McDonald's, Mother Care, KFC, among others.
The Meteor center contains a selection of retailers including Morrisons, PC World, and McDonald's.
Education.
Like most of the UK, Derby operates a non-selective primary and secondary education system with no middle schools. Pupils attend infant and junior school (often in a combined primary school) before moving onto a secondary school. Many of the secondary schools have sixth forms, allowing pupils to optionally take A Levels after the end of compulsory education. For those who want to stay in education but leave school, the large Derby College provides post-16 courses for school leavers, apprentices and employer related training. It has two main campuses the Joseph Wright Centre in the centre of Derby, where its A Level courses are based. And the historical Derby Roundhouse which is the college's vocational training hub, providing a centre for apprenticeships such as engineering, catering and hair & beauty. The college also works in partnership with schools across the county to provide vocational training opportunities for students aged 14 upwards. Training for companies is undertaken through its Corporate College.
Outside the state sector, there are two fee-paying independent schools. Derby Grammar School was founded in 1994 and was for boys only, until 2007, when they accepted girls into the sixth form for the first time. They aim to continue the work and traditions of the former Derby School, which closed in 1989, one of the oldest schools in England. Derby High School is for girls-only at secondary level and for boys at primary level.
Derby has special needs establishments including Ivy House School located at the Derby Moor Coumunity Sports College (which takes pupils from nursery to sixth form) and the Light House which is a respite facility for children and parents.
The University of Derby has its main campus on Kedleston Road. There is another campus in north Derbyshire at Buxton.
In 2003 the University of Nottingham opened a graduate entry medical school based at Royal Derby Hospital. The university also has its School of Nursing and Midwifery located there, having moved from its former home at London Road Community Hospital in mid-2012.
Media.
The "Derby Telegraph" (formerly the "Derby Evening Telegraph") is the city's daily newspaper. In addition, a free newspaper, the "Telegraph Lite", is delivered to households weekly. The "Derby Trader", another free weekly newspaper, is no longer in print. A local edition of the daily national freesheet "Metro" is distributed in the city centre every morning, although this only has a very small amount of local content.
BBC Radio Derby, the BBC's local station for Derbyshire and East Staffordshire, is based on St. Helen's Street in the city and offers local, national and international news, features, music and sports commentaries. It is available on 104.5 FM and 1116 AM, on 95.3 FM in North and Mid Derbyshire and on 96.0 FM in the Buxton area, as well as being streamed on the internet. The BBC in Derby have their own local website for the area which provides news, travel and weather information, as well as other features. Since July 2007, the BBC has managed Big Screen Derby in the Market Place in conjunction with Derby City Council and the University of Derby, as part of the BBC Big Screen project.
Capital East Midlands, is the biggest commercial radio station in the city, broadcasting to Derby on 102.8 FM from the transmitter at Drum Hill, just outside the city. It broadcasts a Contemporary Hit Radio (CHR) format, with Top 40 chart hits aimed at the city's under 35s.
City emblem.
Derby's emblem is the Derby Ram, about which there is a folk song entitled "The Derby Ram". It is found in a number of places, most notably serving as the nickname of Derby County F.C.. The logo of the City Council's services is a stylised ram, while a ram provided by the Duke of Devonshire is the mascot of the Mercian Regiment formally the Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters Regiment, deriving from the 95th (Derbyshire) Regiment of Foot.
International relations.
Twin towns.
Derby is twinned with Osnabrück in Germany. The partnership treaty between the two cities was signed on 17 February 1976.
The twinning agreement with Derby was signed in 1976 in the historical "Hall of Peace" in Osnabrück's Rathaus (town hall).
Every year, Derby and Osnabrück each appoint an envoy who spends twelve months in the twin city. The envoy promotes the exchange of ideas between the two cities and acts as an educational and information officer to increase awareness of the twinning scheme. The envoy gives talks to local societies and schools, finds pen friends and short term host families during work placements, works to assist groups who want to get involved in twinning by identifying and approaching possible counterparts and plans the annual mayweek trip.
There is an annual exchange between the wind bands of John Port School, Etwall and its twin school Gymnasium Melle in Melle, Germany, District of Osnabrücker Land.
An exchange was established in 2009 between Woodlands Community School, Allestree and the Gymnasium Angelaschule in Osnabrück.
This exchange is based on a drama-project of both schools in June 2009, which contained performances in both cities with over 1600 visitors.
The exchange of envoys between two cities is very unusual. The envoy in Osnabrück changes every year and Osnabrück also sends envoys to Derby, Angers and Çanakkale. No other city in Germany participates in this exchange of envoys, and in Britain, only one other town, Wigan, receives and sends an envoy.

</doc>
<doc id="18727359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727359" title="List of chess traps">
List of chess traps

The term chess trap refers to a move which may tempt the opponent to play a losing move.
List of chess traps.
Ordered by chess opening:
Many more opening traps, all ending in checkmate, are given under Checkmates in the opening.

</doc>
<doc id="18727366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727366" title="Jutta Nardenbach">
Jutta Nardenbach

Jutta Nardenbach (born 13 August 1968) is a former German international footballer. She plays the position of defender. Currently Nardenbach is player in the first team and coach of the youth teams at third tier FFC Montabaur.
Club career.
Nardenbach played in the Bundesliga for TuS Ahrbach, TuS Niederkirchen, TSV Siegen, FC Rumeln-Kaldenhausen, SC 07 Bad Neuenahr, 1. FFC Frankfurt, and SG Essen-Schönebeck. She retired from the Bundesliga in 2004, but is still playing for 1. FFC Montabaur in the Regionalliga, where she is also part of the coaching staff.
Nardenbach had appearances in 5 German Championship finals and won in 1991, 1992, 1994 each with TSV Siegen. In 1993 she also won the DFB-Pokal with TSV Siegen. In her time at FFC Frankfurt she won back to back Doubles in 2001 and 2002. Also in 2002 she won the UEFA Women's Cup with Frankfurt.
National team.
Jutta Nardenbach had 59 appearances for Germany, scoring 4 times. Her first cap was against the Netherlands on 19 November 1986. Her last game was against Brazil on 25 July 1996. Her greatest successes were the European Championships in 1989 and 1991. At the FIFA World Cup in 1991 she placed 4th with Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18727379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727379" title="James Brooke (disambiguation)">
James Brooke (disambiguation)

James Brooke was the first White Rajah of Sarawak.
James Brooke may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18727396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727396" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ilagan (Lat: "Dioecesis Ilaganensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1970, the diocese is a suffragan of the Diocese of Tuguegarao. 
The diocese has had no jurisdictional changes. 
The current bishop is Joseph Amangi Nacua, appointed in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18727407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727407" title="Myles Keogh (Irish politician)">
Myles Keogh (Irish politician)

Myles Keogh (died 30 August 1952) was an Irish politician, physician and surgeon. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann as an independent Teachta Dála (TD) for Dublin South at the 1922 general election. He was re-elected as an independent TD at the 1923 and June 1927 general elections. At the September 1927 general election, he was elected as a Cumann na nGaedheal TD, and was re-elected at the 1932 general election. He lost his seat at the 1933 general election but was elected as a Fine Gael TD at the 1937 general election. He again lost his seat at the 1938 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18727409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727409" title="Ralf Hauptmann">
Ralf Hauptmann

Ralf Hauptmann (born 20 September 1968) is a German former footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="18727421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727421" title="Northern Ireland Science Park">
Northern Ireland Science Park

Northern Ireland Science Park Foundation Limited (or NISP) was established in March 1999 to create a self-sustaining, internationally recognised, knowledge-based science park in Northern Ireland offering a commercial and research driven centre for knowledge-based industries. The park is located in the Titanic Quarter, Queen's Island, Belfast and hosts a range of international and local technology related companies. It currently has six buildings in operation offering of workspace, with 1,500 people in 40 companies working at the Science Park. The Chief Executive is Dr Norman Apsley and 2008 marked the first year of commercial independence from Government.
History.
The Science Park was initially conceived under the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, which designated funding for such a park in Northern Ireland. The not-for-profit NISP Foundation was founded in 1999 by the University of Ulster and Queen's University Belfast (with both Vice Chancellors, Gerry McKenna and George Bain being founding board members), along with representatives of the business community. Most initial funding came from UK government economic initiatives, with the intention that the park would become self-sustaining. It was planned that the Queen's Island site would eventually be occupied by twelve buildings, including an Innovation Centre for small tech firms and start-ups, the Queen's University Institute for Electronics, Communications and Information Technologies, as well as larger companies and light manufacturing firms.
Companies in the Science Park.
In November 2009 it was announced that software developers SAP were entering into strategic research collaboration with Intel at the site. At the same time, BroadSoft, which opened its European headquarters in the Science Park in 2006 and has since more than doubled its space requirement, announced further expansion to eventually bring total employment there to 23.

</doc>
<doc id="18727423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727423" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong (Lat: "Dioecesis Bayombongensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. The current bishop is Ramon B. Villena, appointed in 1986.
History.
Erected in 1966, as the territorial prelature of Bayombong, the prelature was elevated to a full diocese in 1982. The diocese is a suffragan of the Diocese of Tuguegarao. 

</doc>
<doc id="18727447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727447" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarlac">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarlac

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarlac () is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1963, the diocese was created from territory in both the Diocese of San Fernando, and the Diocese of Lingayen-Dagupan. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Fernando. 
The current bishop is Florentino Ferrer Cinense, appointed in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18727454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727454" title="Shuhei Aoyama">
Shuhei Aoyama

Shuhei Aoyama (born December 5, 1984 in Ichihara, Chiba) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He is the younger brother of MotoGP rider, Hiroshi Aoyama. 
He rode in the All-Japan Road Racing Championship until 2005, when he won the 250cc championship with Honda. He previously won the 125cc championship in 2003, also with Honda. He also rode a couple of events as wildcard rider in the Grand Prix World Championships during his stint in Japan.
After winning 250cc championship in Japan, Aoyama secured a Grand Prix World Championships ride with Honda's 250cc factory team in 2006. He replaced his brother Hiroshi Aoyama who moved to KTM. He scored his first podium finish with a third-place at Le Mans, finishing just ahead of his brother, Hiroshi. He finished the season eight in overall standings with 99 points and was named as Rookie Of The Year for his performance in his debut season. In 2007, he remained with the team, but he failed to improved on his rookie season. He failed to record a podium finish and finished the season 12th in overall standings. However, he managed to record his first pole position in his home race at Motegi.
In 2008, he moved to World Superbike. He once again teamed up with Honda, riding a Honda CBR1000RR motorcycle with Alto Evolution Honda Superbike. However, he struggled to adapt with the bigger 1000cc four-stroke bike and only managed two point-scoring position.
Aoyama was left without a permanent ride in 2009, but he did made a return to 250cc Grand Prix World Championships as a wild-card rider in his home race at Motegi. He finished an impressive 6th place after starting from 17th on the grid.
It was not possible to find a contract for the 2010 season even though he wanted to aim for the world title. Aoyama announced his active service retirement on own blog on February 8, 2010. Afterwards, he participated in the Japanese Auto Race series, with great success.

</doc>
<doc id="18727469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727469" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Iba">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Iba

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iba (Lat: "Dioecesis Ibanae") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
The diocese began in 12 June 1955 as a territorial prelature from territory in the dioceses of San Fernando, Pampanga, and of Diocese of Lingayen-Dagupan and was elevated to a diocese in 15 November 1982. The diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of San Fernando.
The current bishop is Florentino Galang Lavarias, appointed in 2004.
It's minor seminary is the St. Augustine's Minor Seminary in Iba.
Former bishops.
Henry Byrne, S.S.C.M.E. † served as prelate from when he was appointed on 20 Aug 1956 until he became bishop on 15 Nov 1982. Resigned on 16 Jul 1983. 
Paciano Basilio Aniceto served as bishop from 20 Oct 1983 until 31 Jan 1989 when he became Archbishop of San Fernando. 
Deogracias S. Iñiguez, Jr. served from 27 Dec 1989 Appointed to 28 Jun 2003 when he was appointed Bishop of Kalookan.
Parishes.
San Andres Vicariate
San Sebastian Vicariate
San Jose Vicariate

</doc>
<doc id="18727487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727487" title="Francesco degli Angeli">
Francesco degli Angeli

Francesco Degli Angeli (or Angelis) (Sorrento, 1567 – Colela, Ethiopia, 21 October 1628) was an Italian Jesuit
missionary to Ethiopia.
Life.
He entered the Society of Jesus in 1583. After two years (1602–04) spent in the mission of the Indies, he travelled to Ethiopia, where they called him "the man who was always cheerful". 
Angeli stood high in the favour of two successive Kings of Ethiopia. He made converts, among them the brother of the King and lords of the court, but did not succeed bringing about the reunion of the Abyssinian Church with the Roman Catholic Church, because of opposition from Ethiopian monks.
For five years Angeli preached the Gospel among the Agazi, where he founded a church and school.
Works.
He translated many religious works into the language of the Agazi. The most important of them was the commentary of Maldonatus on the Gospels of St. Matthew and St. Luke.

</doc>
<doc id="18727497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727497" title="Manina, the Girl in the Bikini">
Manina, the Girl in the Bikini

Manina, the Girl in the Bikini is a 1952 French film starring Brigitte Bardot.
Plot.
When a 25-year-old Parisian student, Gérard Morere, hears a lecture about a treasure Troilus lost at sea after the Peloponnesian War, he thinks he knows where it is, thanks to a discovery he made five years before when diving near the island of Levezzi. He gets friends and an innkeeper to invest in his dream, enough to get him to Tangiers where he convinces a cigarette smuggler, Erick, to take him to the island. There he finds Manina, the light-keeper's daughter, 18 and beautiful and pure. Erick thinks Gérard may have conned him, but Gérard's belief in the treasure compels patience. Dives by day and romance at night. Can Gérard's romantic ideas survive in the harsh rocks of Levezzi?

</doc>
<doc id="18727507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727507" title="USA-212">
USA-212

USA-212 was the first flight of the Boeing X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle 1 (X-37B OTV-1), an American unmanned robotic vertical-takeoff, horizontal-landing (VTHL) spaceplane.
It was launched aboard an Atlas V rocket from Cape Canaveral on 22 April 2010, and operated in low Earth orbit. Its designation is part of the USA series.
The spaceplane is operated by the United States Air Force, which has not revealed the specific identity of the spaceship's payload for the mission. The Air Force has stated only that the spacecraft would "demonstrate various experiments and allow satellite sensors, subsystems, components, and associated technology to be transported into space and back."
Launch.
USA-212 was launched on an Atlas V 501 rocket, tail number AV-012, from Space Launch Complex 41 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The launch, which was conducted by United Launch Alliance, occurred at 23:52 UTC on 22 April 2010, placing the spacecraft into low Earth orbit for testing.
The X-37B spacecraft was originally intended to be deployed from the payload bay of a NASA Space Shuttle, but following the "Columbia" accident, it was transferred to a Delta II 7920. It was subsequently transferred to the Atlas V following concerns over the X-37B's aerodynamic properties during launch.
The launch was the first flight of the Atlas V 501 configuration, and the first in four years to use a payload fairing. Prior to the installation of the spacecraft, the Atlas rocket was moved to the launch pad and performed a wet dress rehearsal on 2 April 2010. It was returned to the Vertical Integration Facility the next day for final assembly. The X-37 arrived at the VIF on 8 April. On 9 April, a 24-hour delay was announced. It subsequently slipped a further 24 hours after the landing of on Mission STS-131 was delayed, as the Eastern Range could not have been reconfigured quickly enough to accommodate both events on the same day. After a series of delays, it was set for 19 April 2010. On 21 April, the Atlas was rolled back out to the launch pad for launch. The launch window on 22 April opened at 23:52 UTC, and closed at 00:01 on 23 April.
Mission.
Most of the mission parameters for the USA-212 flight have not been disclosed. The vehicle is capable of being on-orbit for up to 270 days. The Air Force stated the mission time would depend on progress of the craft's experiments during orbit. Mission control was handled by the 3d Space Experimentation Squadron, 21st Space Wing, of the Air Force Space Command in Colorado Springs.
Observations by amateur skywatchers.
In May 2010, an amateur astronomer claimed to spot the spacecraft from his home in Toronto, Canada. Shortly after the initial observation, several more detailed observations were made by amateur skywatchers from around the world, who reported the spacecraft to have an almost circular low Earth orbit with an inclination of 40°. The group believed in their calculations and observations with a high degree of confidence. The spacecraft's ground path was observed to repeat every four days, which was considered indicative for a possible imaging reconnaissance mission profile.
For two weeks, starting on 29 July, the amateur skywatchers were unable to find the spacecraft in the locations they had predicted, leading them to believe it had suddenly changed its course. During the mission, the vehicle was observed to change its orbit multiple times, with a total delta-v of the first four orbit changes amounting to . A common characteristic of all the orbits was that the ground track nearly repeated every few days. By 12 November 2010, the orbit had been lowered to with the ground track now repeating every three days (47 orbits).
Altitude and ground track resonance history.
Based on data collected by amateur observers, the following orbital characteristics were calculated by amateur skywatcher Ted Molczan.
Landing.
After completing its mission, the X-37B was deorbited, entered the atmosphere, and landed at Vandenberg Air Force Base on 3 December 2010.
The X-37B is the second reusable spacecraft to perform an automated landing after returning from orbit, the first being the Soviet Buran spacecraft in 1988.
Hypothetical mission components.
As the mission of USA-212 and the X-37B program are classified, public commentary on the program is speculation. James Oberg speculated that the concurrent launch of Air Force's Hypersonic Technology Vehicle HTV-2 was related to the mission. Part of an X-37B's mission profile might involve a simulated enemy attack, which the X-37B should be able to detect and autonomously counteract. HTV-2 was launched at 23:00 UTC on 22 April 2010, i.e., 52 minutes ahead of X-37B, from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, on a suborbital trajectory supposed to last less than 25 min. The mission failed and was aborted nine minutes after launch.
William Scott, coauthor of the techno-novel "Counterspace: The Next Hours of World War III" and former Rocky Mountain Bureau Chief for "Aviation Week & Space Technology" magazine believes that with X-37B, the Air Force might test weapon delivery from a space plane in low Earth orbit. He mentions Rods from God as a possible scenario. This hypothesis aligns with speculation that the launch of USA-212 marks the beginning of military operations in space.

</doc>
<doc id="18727520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727520" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Naval">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Naval

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Naval (Lat: "Dioecesis Navaliensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Erected in 1988, the diocese was created from territory in both the Archdiocese of Palo, to which the diocese remains a suffragan.
The first and only bishop is Filomeno Gonzales Bactol, appointed in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18727527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727527" title="Edward Banks (disambiguation)">
Edward Banks (disambiguation)

Edward Banks may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18727535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727535" title="Clifford Woodward">
Clifford Woodward

Clifford Salisbury Woodward M.C. (12 August 1878 – 14 April 1959) was Bishop of Bristol from 1933 to 1946 and Bishop of Gloucester from 1946 to 1953.
Life.
Woodward was educated at Marlborough School and Jesus College, Oxford, obtaining a second-class degree in Literae Humaniores in 1901. After ordination, he served as lecturer at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford and chaplain of Wadham College, Oxford before becoming rector of St Saviour's with St Peter's, Southwark. He was an Army chaplain in the First World War, during which time he was wounded and won the Military Cross. In 1918, he became rector of St Peter's, Cranley Gardens, in the West End of London, becoming a Canon of Westminster Abbey and rector of St John's, Smith Square in 1925. He became Bishop of Bristol in 1933 and in 1946 became Bishop of Gloucester. He died on 14 April 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="18727552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727552" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Catarman">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Catarman

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Catarman (Lat: "Dioecesis Catarmaniensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1974, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Palo.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes. 
The current bishop is Emmanuel Trance,a priest from the Archdiocese of Jaro appointed in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18727566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727566" title="Background, foreground, sideground and postground intellectual property">
Background, foreground, sideground and postground intellectual property

In the context of research and development (R&D) collaborations, background, foreground, sideground and postground intellectual property (IP) are four distinct forms of intellectual property assets. "Background IP" is generated before the R&D collaboration, "foreground IP" is generated during the R&D collaboration, "postground IP" is generated in a certain time span after the collaboration, and "sideground IP" is generated during the collaboration phase but in not-project related activities.

</doc>
<doc id="18727568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727568" title="Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city">
Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city

The Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city (SSTEC, ) is the result of a collaborative agreement between the governments of China and Singapore to jointly develop a socially harmonious, environmentally friendly and resource-conserving city in China. Designed to be practical, replicable and scalable, the Tianjin Eco-city will demonstrate the determination of both countries in tackling environmental protection, resource and energy conservation, and sustainable development, and serve as a model for sustainable development for other cities in China.
The Singaporean government formed a Ministerial Committee in 2011 in order to improve the coordination and support among its agencies for the project – reportedly a sign of the importance of the project to Singapore.
Population.
When fully developed in the early-to-mid 2020s, the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city will be home to about 350,000 residents.
Location.
The Eco-city site is located 40 km from the Tianjin city centre and 150 km from Beijing. The site is 10 km from the core district of the Tianjin Binhai New Area (TBNA), with the southern tip of the site only a 10-minute drive from the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area (TEDA). 
The Eco-city is sited on non-arable land. Prior to development, the site of the Eco-city was one-third saltpan, one-third deserted beach, and one-third water, including a 270-hectare wastewater pond.
Key features.
Green spaces will be interspersed throughout the city. Located in an area of low rainfall, the Eco-city will draw a significant part of its water supply from non-traditional sources such as desalinated water. 
Integrated waste management will be implemented in the Eco-city, with particular emphasis on the reduction, reuse and recycling of waste. A light-rail transit system, supplemented by a secondary network of trams and buses, will be the main mode of transportation in the Eco-city. This will help to reduce its carbon emissions. 
Social harmony will be a key feature of the Eco-city. An important instrument will be subsidised public housing in the Eco-city, which will help to meet the housing needs of the lower and lower-middle income strata of society, and enable people of different income and social strata to live near to, and interact with, one another. The Eco-city will be barrier-free to cater to the needs of the elderly and the mobility-impaired. Public social and recreational facilities will be located within easy access of homes to meet residents’ needs and provide opportunities for residents to interact.
The development of the Eco-city will respect local heritage. The profile of the Ji Canal, which is 1,000 years old, will be retained. Two existing villages within the Eco-city site will also be conserved through adaptive reuse or partial rebuilding.
Key Performance Indicators.
There is a set of 26 Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city. In formulating these KPIs, reference is made to national standards in China and Singapore, as well as international standards.
Some of the KPIs are listed below. The development of the start-up area and the entire Eco-city is targeted for completion by 2013 and 2020 respectively, and so reference is made to these years in the KPIs. 
Master plan.
The master plan of Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city was jointly developed by the China Academy of Urban Planning and Design, the Tianjin Urban Planning and Design Institute, and the Singapore planning team led by the Urban Redevelopment Authority of Singapore.
The intention is for development to take place around a central core of conserved ecological wetlands and rehabilitated water bodies. The main centre of the Eco-city will be located on the southern bank of a historical thousand-year-old river course, which has been planned for a variety of uses, including commercial, cultural and recreational ones. 
A comprehensive green transport network, i.e., non-motorised and public transport, will be developed in the Eco-city. A light rail transit system will serve as the main mode of transport. 
Commercial sub-centres will be in each of the suburban areas to provide employment opportunities for the residents and reduce their need for commuting. There will be dedicated service industry parks, university and hospital sites in the Eco-city, which will contribute to the long-term economic vibrancy of the city in a sustainable manner.
Groundbreaking ceremony.
The groundbreaking ceremony of the Sino-Singapore Tianjin Eco-city was held on 28 September 2008. Singapore Senior Minister Goh Chok Tong and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao officiated at the event, signifying the beginning of construction work on the Eco-city.

</doc>
<doc id="18727578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727578" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Borongan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Borongan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Borongan (Lat: "Dioecesis Boronganensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1960, from territory in the Diocese of Calbayog, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Palo.
The Diocese of Borongan was created on October 22, 1960 by Pope John XXIII. Bishop Vicente Reyes was the first residential bishop of Borongan. On June 19, 1965, the island of Samar was politically divided and the province of Eastern Samar was born thus the island of Samar has three dioceses:Calbayog for Western Samar, Catarman for Northern Samar and Borongan for Eastern Samar.
Eastern Samar has a population of 374,255, 97 percent are Catholics.. It is subdivided into 1 city and 22 municipalities. It has a land area of 4,470.75 square kilometers. It is bounded on the north by Northern Samar, on the east by the Philippines Sea, on the west by Western Samar and on the south by Leyte Gulf.
The Diocese of Borongan is divided into three regions, each has two vicariates. The diocese has 26 parishes, ministered by 60 diocesan and five religious priests. Borongan is the seat of the episcopal see.
The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes. 
The current bishop is Crispin Barrete Varquez, appointed in 2007. 
Catholic Churches of Eastern Samar.
Here are the churches of eastern samar.
Proposed for sainthood.
In this section is a list of religious' proposed for sainthood, through their great works and sanctity. This Include:
Donato Guimbaolibot - Priest and Founder
Guimbaolibot was born in Guiuan, the second child of Tomas Guimbaolibot and Narcisa Bago. He had three sisters: Felipa, the eldest, Faustina and Maria. Local accounts had it that the Guimbaolibot children were raised in a simple but religious life at home.
Padre Atoy, as Guimbaolibot was known, studied for the priesthood at the San Carlos Seminary in Cebu, where he was ordained priest at the age of 28 in 1894. He taught at the seminary before his first parish assignment in Tanauan (November 1898 to May 1899). At that time, the islands of Leyte and Samar were under the jurisdiction of the Diocese of Cebu.
Balangiga was his second parish assignment. His assignment to Guiuan would be his last. He served his hometown for nearly half a century until his death in 1949. There, he founded a parochial school for children, built a hospital, a high school and a new convent, and saw to the repair of the centuries-old parish church in the 1930s.
He was elevated to the title of monsignor around the late 1930s, during which he also reluctantly assumed the position of vicar general of the Diocese of Calbayog.
Guimbaolibot had never been at ease with the Americans since his release from prison. At the end of 1944, when the American forces established a naval base in Guiuan, he was heard saying: "Take note, the American presence here is not a blessing; rather, it is a disgrace."
Guimbaolibot suffered a stroke and became bedridden in July 1949. For a month, he hovered between life and death. He showed some improvement after that, but he never fully recovered. He died on Sept. 9, 1949 at the age of 83.
Fr. Maximo Arganda, a retired 83-year-old priest in Guiuan, revealed in a 1995 interview that Guimbaolibot was a "silent type of person, devoted to prayer … He lived a pious, humble and simple life … He was offered to become a bishop many times, but he humbly refused all these offers."
"I consider him a saint," Arganda then told Bankaw News, now re-launched as a cyber-magazine after four years of dormancy.
Arganda was a former sacristan (altar boy) of Guimbaolibot. He later became his assistant priest who took over the parish during the illness and after the death of the monsignor.
"Buotan hin duro adto nga Monsenyor (The monsignor was an extremely good man)," was a usual comment about Guimbaolibot from those old folks who had seen him in life.
On Dec. 8, 1995, the "Movement for the Beatification of Msgr. Donato B. Guimbaolibot," was formally launched in Guiuan, coinciding with the town fiesta and the celebration of the 400th anniversary of the town's Christian evangelization.
Publicity about the movement, which was reported by several Manila newspapers, continues to raise eyebrows, more so among many people who associated Guimbaolibot with the killing of American soldiers by native bolo fighters in Balangiga, and not with the priest who suffered because of an erroneous suspicion by the Americans.
A proud moment in our historic struggle for freedom, the Balangiga event has remained misunderstood by many Filipinos.
Whatever outsiders say about him, Guimbaolibot was the only priest from Leyte and Samar with a monument erected in his memory right in his hometown. His statue stands on the western lawn of the centuries-old Guiuan Parish Church.
This monument and the beatification movement are supreme tributes to a priest who showed that his love of country and his sacrifice for the defense of his faith and vocation could not be bought.

</doc>
<doc id="18727585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727585" title="Eufaula Dam">
Eufaula Dam

Eufaula Dam is a dam across the Canadian River in Oklahoma. Completed in 1964, it impounds Eufaula Lake, one of the world’s largest man-made lakes, covering 102,500 acres (41,500 hectares). The dam serves to provide flood control, water supply, navigation and hydroelectric power generation. It supports a 90 MW power station. The dam was approved by the Rivers and Harbors Act of 1946 and construction began in 1956. In February 1964, the river was closed and in July that year, the first generator was operational. By September, the other three generators were operational.
State Highway 71 runs across the top of the dam.

</doc>
<doc id="18727587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727587" title="Bercian dialect">
Bercian dialect

Bercian is the generic name of the linguistic varieties spoken in El Bierzo region, in the province of León, Spain. They belong to the dialect continuum of Romance languages in northern Spain, linking the Galician and Leonese languages. Many of these varieties are on the brink of disappearing.
Written references.
The first written references dealing with the local speech like "Bercian dialect" correspond to the middle of the 19th century in Isidoro Andrés de Llano's work, "Remembrance of Puentedeume in Bercian dialect", 1860, published in the "Esla" journal. In 1861, Antonio Fernandez Morales wrote upon Mariano Cubí's (co-author) request, in Bercian dialect: "Ensaios Poéticos en Dialecto Berciano".
Nowadays it has almost disappeared, surviving in many expressions of daily use. Local expressions and vocabulary have been gathered in several works, the most interesting ones being those made by Luís A. Pastrana and David Lopez, at the beginning of the 1970s, with a sketch of the morphology and syntax of the dialect and one interesting dictionary of expressions and words, and Manuel Gutiérrez Tuñón's doctoral thesis "The Speech of El Bierzo", published in 1975.
Classifications.
El Bierzo has always been considered a bridge between Galicia and Leon province; but with salient particular features, which led to defining this speech of El Bierzo as Bercian dialect in the 19th century, being considered part of the Galician linguistic domain by Antonio Fernández Morales in 1861 and part of the Leonese linguistic domain by Ramón Menéndez Pidal, the latter stating that the dividing line between Leonese and Galician should be placed between the basins of the Cúa and Sil rivers. In 1934, Verardo García Rey gathered the vocabulary of the Bercian dialect in the publication: "Vocabulario de El Bierzo", where the author makes clear that after his fieldwork, he would re-place the dividing line between the Asturleonese and the Galician-Portuguese linguistic groups, setting it strictly along the Sil river. Jesús García y García, in 1994, places the mentioned line from the high Cúa river up to a place in Ponferrada's municipality (Dehesas, Fuentesnuevas).

</doc>
<doc id="18727602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727602" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian (Lat: "Dioecesis Pagadianensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Created on November 12, 1971, the diocese is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Ozamiz. With the ceding of the municipality of Margosatubig of the Ipil Prelature to the Diocese of Pagadian in January 1995, the diocese now has 24 parishes under its jurisdiction. The catholic Christian population covered by the diocese is now 711,244 that comprises 72% of the total population of the area of about 2,860 square kilometers.
The pastoral structure of the Diocese of Pagadian is organized into three areas of responsibility: consultative, judicial and administrative. Among its educational centers are 1 seminary, 1 college, 16 high schools and 6 pre-schools. The diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes. 
The current bishop is Emmanuel Treveno Cabajar,CSsR, a Redemptorist priest who was appointed on May 14, 2004.His episcopal ordination was on August 14, 2004. He was installed on September 2, 2004 serving the diocese up to the present.
Parishes.
Salug Valley Area
Arms Area/Vicariate
PLDTM Area/Vicariate
Vicariate of Baganinan Peninsula Area

</doc>
<doc id="18727616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727616" title="Rick Cheek">
Rick Cheek

Richard P. "Rick" Cheek (born October 4, 1977) is an American kickboxer and mixed martial artist who competes in the heavyweight division. A North American Muay Thai champion as an amateur, Cheek turned professional in 2005 and debuted in K-1 the same year. Having won the United States title in February 2006, he challenged three times for world titles losing two out of three attempts. 
Career.
Cheek was the United States Air Force boxing champion and started training in kickboxing and Muay Thai in 2000 at the age of twenty-three. In August 2004, he competed in a four-man tournament held over two days in Orlando, Florida to determine the IKF Amateur North American Super Heavyweight (+106.81 kg/235 lb) Muay Thai Champion. After defeating Bernard Settle, Jr. by technical knockout in round two of their semi-final bout, he outpointed Brian Wells to a unanimous decision in the final to take the crown. He followed this up with the IKF's Amateur California Muay Thai title when he stopped Ben Davis with low kicks in round one in Fairfield, California on March 26, 2005.
After turning professional, Cheek made his K-1 debut on August 13, 2005 in a tournament reserve bout at the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2005 in Las Vegas II" against Mike Sheppard, knocking him out in the second round. He was absent from both K-1 Las Vegas events in 2006 due to a torn ACL and MCL he sustained in February 2006.
After a year out of the ring, Cheek returned on August 11, 2007 for the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2007 in Las Vegas" tournament. He stopped Imani Lee with a barrage of unanswered punches in round three in the quarter-finals but was unable to continue in the tournament due to a leg injury and was replaced by Doug Viney, who eventually went on to win the title.
In early 2008, Cheek fought for the Miami Force in the World Combat League and, on June 20, 2008, faced Patrice Quarteron for the vacant IKF World Super Heavyweight (+106.81 kg/235 lb) Muay Thai title in Montego Bay, Jamaica. He was sent to the canvas early with a flurry of punches and elbows. After beating the count, he was dropped with a low kick, which also caused Quarteron to fall over. As both fighters fell to the canvas, Quarteron's knee landed on Cheek's head, seemingly knocking him unconscious.
He soon made his way back to K-1 to fight in the "K-1 World Grand Prix 2008 in Hawaii" in Honolulu on August 9, 2008. He won by TKO against Kyokushin karate stylist Nicholas Pettas in the quarter-finals when Pettas aggravated a groin injury sustained in training early in the fight. He was then eliminated by the eventual tournament winner Gökhan Saki in the semis. He was floored with low kicks before being crumpled with a liver punch towards the end of round one.
In his second attempt at a world title, he challenged Ben Edwards for the vacant ISKA World Super Heavyweight (+96.4 kg/212.5 lb) Oriental rules belt in Canberra, Australia on April 4, 2009 but was KO'd inside the first minute of the opening frame.
On August 28, 2010, Cheek lost to Steven Banks via second round KO in a fight for the WBC Muaythai United States Super Heavyweight (+104.545 kg/230.5 lb) title. He struggled with the knees of Banks, being floored by them on four occasions throughout the match.
Cheek suffered a one-sided beating at the hands of Cătălin Moroşanu at the "SuperKombat World Grand Prix 7" in Varna, Bulgaria on July 7, 2012. He was dropped five times, forcing referee Cezar Gheorghe to call a halt to the bout in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="18727627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727627" title="International Baptist Church">
International Baptist Church

International Baptist Church (Singapore) (IBC) is a baptist church located along Kings Road in Singapore. It is one of the most international churches in the country.
Vision.
IBC is a Christ-centered, Bible-believing fellowship of Evangelical Christians.
You will notice that our church bi-line is "Sharing the love of God" and this is what IBC is all about.
Church.
Close to 50 different nationalities are present in IBC. Among the top three are Singaporeans, Americans, and Filipinos. The church meets for worship service on Saturday evenings and Sunday mornings, but Bible groups, events and choir/band practices take place throughout the week.
Services.
IBC holds four English services each week, as well as a Filipino service, and a small group gathering for Indonesian and Chinese services.
Ministries.
IBC has different ministries for members of the church, such as Children's Ministries,Youth Ministries, Young Adults, Women's and Men's Ministries, and Music & Worship Ministry.
Children's Ministry.
Sunday School takes place on Sundays during service times, from preschool up to 8th grade. AWANA is also held every Sunday, where children play fun games, memorize Bible verses, sing and learn about God's Word from their 'leaders'. During the June summer holidays, children may sign up for Vacation Bible School(VBS), an annual week-long church camp event.
Choirs.
IBC has a choir for every age group. Present as part of the IBC Music Ministry are the Kids For Praise Children's Choir (ages 5–12), Living Proof Youth Choir (ages 12–20+), Sanctuary Choir (ages 18 and above), as well as the Handbell Choir.
Children's Choir.
The Children's choir lays a strong foundation both musically and spiritually in the lives of the little ones. From singing on Sunday mornings, for special events and Christmas programs to presentations at the closure of the school year, this choir offers a positive experience for all. Designed to help children become worshippers of God, this choir is open to all children of ages 6 to 12.
Youth Choir.
The Youth Choir is a new group at IBC, started in August 2007. It is directed by the church's music director. It offers opportunities for ministry, fun and fellowship all year round. The choir sings in services monthly. Besides singing in services, the Youth Choir travels around the country to sing and minister in nursing homes, prisons, etc. Twice each academic year the choir travels around Southeast Asia to minister in orphanages and hold concerts to spread the love of God, through scripture and song.
The Youth Choir's theme song is 'Living Proof', written specially for the choir by two of its members. It was first performed at IBC Youth Choir's Got Talent, the choir's talent show, by the Filipino youth ministry choir members in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18727632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727632" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Iligan">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Iligan

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Iligan (Lat: "Dioecesis Iliganensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines comprising 25 parishes in Iligan City and twelve municipalities located at the northern half of the Province of Lanao del Norte. 
Erected on February 17, 1971 as a territorial prelature out of the newly elevated Diocese of Ozamiz, it was subdivided on November 20, 1976 to form the new Territorial Prelature of Marawi. 
On November 15, 1982 the prelature nullius was elevated to a full diocese and is a suffragan first to the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro and then later to the Archdiocese of Ozamiz after its elevation on January 24, 1983.
The current bishop is Elenito de los Reyes Galido, appointed in 2006. Bishop Elenito Galido was a diocesan clergyman from the Diocese of Malaybalay in the province of Bukidnon. He is the fourth bishop of the diocese.

</doc>
<doc id="18727637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727637" title="Room square">
Room square

A Room square, named after Thomas Gerald Room, is an "n" × "n" array filled with "n" + 1 different symbols in such a way that:
An example, a Room square of order seven, if the set of symbols is integers from 0 to 7:
It is known that a Room square (or squares) exist if and only if "n" is odd but not 3 or 5.
History.
The order-7 Room square was used by Robert Anstice to provide additional solutions to Kirkman's schoolgirl problem in the mid-19th century, and Anstice also constructed an infinite family of Room squares, but his constructions did not attract attention. Thomas Gerald Room reinvented Room squares in a note published in 1955, and they came to be named after him. In his original paper on the subject, Room observed that "n" must be odd and unequal to 3 or 5, but it was not shown that these conditions are both necessary and sufficient until the work of W. D. Wallis in 1973.
Applications.
Pre-dating Room's paper, Room squares had been used by the directors of duplicate bridge tournaments in the construction of the tournaments. In this application they are known as Howell rotations. The columns of the square represent tables, each of which holds a deal of the cards that is played by each pair of teams that meet at that table. The rows of the square represent rounds of the tournament, and the numbers within the cells of the square represent the teams that are scheduled to play each other at the table and round represented by that cell.
Archbold and Johnson used Room squares to construct experimental designs.
There are connections between Room squares and other mathematical objects such as quasigroups, Latin squares, graph factorizations, and Steiner triple systems amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="18727657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727657" title="William J. Milne (educator)">
William J. Milne (educator)

William James Milne (1843–1914) was an American educator, academic administrator, and author. He was known for heading two teachers' colleges in New York State, and writing numerous mathematics textbooks.
In 1871, Milne became principal of what had been planned four years before as Wadsworth Normal and Training School, and officially opened it in Geneseo, N.Y. as the Geneseo Normal and Training School. Milne was on the faculty of what is today the State University of New York at Brockport before going to Geneseo.
He held his Ph.D. by October 1874, when he was ordained an elder of the town's Central Presbyterian Church. He also held an LL.D. degree in 1880, when, in March, that church and the First Presbyterian Church of Geneseo Village united to form the Presbyterian Church of Geneseo Village. He and the other elders of the two churches became the 12 elders of the united church, and in September he was elected as one of its 6 trustees, and also became one of three superintendents of its Sunday school. He continued as an elder and trustee at least into 1887. In 1889 Milne was succeeded as head of Geneseo Normal and Training School by his brother John M. Milne.
In 1889 Milne took the presidency of New York State Normal School at Albany, overseeing development of its mission, as reflected in its name changes to New York State Normal College in 1890, and to New York State College for Teachers in 1914. He died later that year.
The institution's early American practice-teaching school was named The Milne School after him, and after the school's closing in 1977, the building has continued, in its new roles, to be called Milne Hall. He was also memorialized—jointly with his brother John M. Milne, who had followed him as president at Geneseo—by the naming of the Milne Library, in 1966, as part of the institution that by then had the name State University College at Geneseo.
Publications.
Milne was the author of an extensive mathematics curriculum, with multiple editions, including the following texts and ancillary materials:
• Key to Milne's High School Algebra (1893)
• Academic Algebra (1901)
• Advanced Algebra (1901, 1902)
• Progressive Arithmetic - Third Book (1906)
Revision of, for instance, his "First course in algebra" was continued after his death by Walter F. Downey, as the "Milne-Downey ..." texts.

</doc>
<doc id="18727658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727658" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Dipolog">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Dipolog

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Dipolog (Lat: "Dioecesis Dipologanus") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
Erected in 1967, from territory in the Archdiocese of Zamboanga, the diocese is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Ozamis.
Comprising the whole province of Zamboanga del Norte, the diocese has experienced no jurisdictional changes. 
The current bishop is Jose Ricare Manguiran, appointed in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18727676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727676" title="Michael Hunter (composer)">
Michael Hunter (composer)

Michael Hunter is a Scottish composer and musician from Glasgow, Scotland and "Grand Theft Auto IV".
He has also released music under the aliases of Pablo and the Butch Cassidy Sound System. On 22 August 2011, he released his first album, State of Flux, under his own music company, OLBAP Music. His brother, John Hunter, is the musician behind Discordia.

</doc>
<doc id="18727686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727686" title="Lists of baseball parks">
Lists of baseball parks

Lists of baseball parks is a list of lists, by city, of professional baseball venues. This is an ongoing project, with lists being added from time to time.

</doc>
<doc id="18727720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727720" title="The Horn">
The Horn

The Horn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18727727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727727" title="Kim Bồng woodworking village">
Kim Bồng woodworking village

Kim Bồng woodworking village () is a village located in Cẩm Kim commune, Hội An, Quảng Nam Province, most notable for its carpentry (including cabinet making and shipbuilding) and traditional woodworking products. Established in the 15th century, it reached its peak in the 18th century, during which time village craftsmen contributed their skills in woodworking to many different projects, including the Imperial capital in Huế. Using their shipbuilding skills, they supplied ships and "ghe bầu" (large boats used for sailing) for the activities of the busy commercial port of Hội An.
To deal with a marked decline of interest in the woodworking profession during the 20th century, the village successfully offered training and other incentives to young apprentices, resulting in an increase to over 200 woodworkers and 18 different woodcarving companies as of 2008. Additionally, a successful community-based tourism project in Kim Bồng has allowed greater tourism revenue for the village; the venture's success has been suggested as a pattern for future sustainable tourism projects throughout Southeast Asia.
The village's name comes from the Vietnamese "kim" (yellow) and "bồng" (floating), supposedly after the jackfruit wood that sometimes floats on the Thu Bồn River.
History.
Kim Bồng was settled in the 15th century, supposedly by four soldiers from the army of Emperor Lê Lợi, who founded the Later Lê Dynasty. According to traditional stories, these four soldiers were adept at woodworking, and went on to establish the village's four most notable craft families (Huynh, Nguyen, Phan, and Truong), many of whose members carry on that trade to the present day. As the neighbouring town of Hội An developed during the late 16th and early 17th centuries, Kim Bồng's carpenters and woodworkers became more widely known; in the 17th century, local carpenters were supposedly commissioned to build a warship for the Spanish navy. Craftsmen from Kim Bồng also produced most of the detail work on the buildings of the former Imperial capital in Huế, and, more recently, on Vietnamese revolutionary leader Ho Chi Minh's tomb.
In the present day, Kim Bồng craftsmen are often involved in restoration projects. For example, since the old town of Hội An was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1999, many of the village's artisans have found work restoring historic buildings, some of which have remained otherwise untouched for hundreds of years. Local craftsmen have also worked on restoration projects in nearby Da Nang, and in Quảng Ninh Province.
Economy.
As its popular appellation suggests, the economy of Kim Bồng has long been dominated by carpentry (including cabinetmaking and shipbuilding) and woodworking. Kim Bồng woodwork is featured on unique columns, rafters and furniture found throughout the greater Hội An area and Quảng Nam Province; local craftsmen have also been employed in many high-profile projects in Vietnam, including detail work on the buildings of the former Imperial capital in Huế, and on Vietnamese revolutionary leader Ho Chi Minh's tomb.
In more recent years, woodworking as a profession fell out of favour with young people, mainly due to poor returns: the average income of a woodworker in Kim Bồng is about VND 1.5 million (US$85) per month. By the 1990s, few master carvers remained in the village. To help promote the profession, Cẩm Kim commune created a program allowing young people to receive free training in carpentry and woodworking, along with providing a monthly stipend of VND 150,000 ($8) and tools of the trade. Training courses are provided by master carver Huynh Ri, whose family includes 12 generations of woodcarvers. Several other local woodworking studios also provide on-the-job training to apprentice woodcarvers. These training programs have resulted in an increase in skilled woodworkers: the village numbered over 200 workers and 18 different woodcarving companies as of 2008. These results were lauded by UNESCO as "keeping the traditional skills and intangible heritage of the town of Hoi An and its surrounding villages alive".
Tourism is a more recent contributor to the local economy, beginning in 2002, when the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT) led a community-based tourism project in Kim Bồng, together with UNESCO and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development/World Trade Organization's Export-led Poverty Reduction Programme (EPRP). The village was selected as a promising location for the project because of its proximity to Hội An (already a major tourist destination), which provided an existing tourist base, and its existing craft sector. A dual pedestrian-bicycle trail was established to lead visitors through the village to see the local woodworking shops, where they are able to observe craftsmen working and purchase their products. Concurrent with the development of infrastructure, a tourism service cooperative was established, as well as a skills training program for members and a marketing program which resulted in market linkages with several major hotels and tour operators operating in Hội An. Local and provincial tourism authorities have also incorporated the village into festivals and promotional campaigns. The success of the venture has led it to be considered a model case on which future sustainable tourism projects throughout Southeast Asia can be patterned.

</doc>
<doc id="18727760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727760" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangued">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangued

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangued (Lat: "Dioecesis Banguedensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
The diocese was erected as a territorial prelature in 1955.
In 1982, the prelature was elevated to a full diocese, and became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia. 
The current bishop is Leopoldo Corpuz Jaucian, appointed in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="18727766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727766" title="Diocese of Christ the King">
Diocese of Christ the King

The Diocese of Christ the King is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa in the southern part of Gauteng province, South Africa.
History.
The diocese was founded in 1990. It comprises Sharpeville, Vereeniging, Boipatong, Vanderbijlpark, Sebokeng and the southern side of the city of Johannesburg in South Africa.
The diocese is the area between the Vaal Triangle--where Sharpeville, Vereeniging, Boipatong, Vanderbijlpark and Sebokeng are found--and the southern side of the city of Johannesburg in South Africa. The diocese is small in size, being only 80km long and half that wide, but rapid urbanisation has resulted in significant growth in parishes. Just over half of these churches have a recognisable church building in which to worship. The rest meet in garages, shacks or the open air. One of the latest new congregations worships in French and aims to welcome refugees from the Congo and other Francophone African countries.
The diocese has links of varying degrees of formality with the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia (ECUSA), Diocese of Bujumbura, and Diocese of Mauritius; also with the Churches of North and South India, and are part of the Community of the Cross of Nails. Locally, the diocese enjoys a close relationship with the Anglican Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist, with youth from Christ Church Polokwane, and elsewhere, attending the "A re roriseng - Let us worship" Conference each year in Rosettenville.

</doc>
<doc id="18727772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727772" title="Diocese of False Bay">
Diocese of False Bay

The Diocese of False Bay is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
History.
The diocese was founded on Advent Sunday in 2005. It was carved out of the existing Anglican Diocese of Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18727773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727773" title="Zimmermann (publisher)">
Zimmermann (publisher)

Musikverlag Zimmermann is a German music publisher that claims to be the first specialized publisher for instrumental methods. Until 1933, it was also a manufacturer of brass, string, wind musical instruments as well as mechanical musical instruments.
Formed in 1876 in Saint Petersburg it also published Russian composers, including works by Nicolai Medtner, Mily Balakirev, Sergei Lyapunov, Alexander Taneyev, Alexander Gretchaninov and foreign musicians such as Leonardo De Lorenzo and Riccardo Drigo. With subsidiaries in Moscow, Riga, Leipzig and London, the company was one of the largest music dealers in Europe.
The company joined with Robert Lienau Musikverlag in 1991.
History.
The Zimmermann family was of German origin. Musikverlag Zimmermann traces its roots back to a shop for German musical instruments near the Nevsky Prospekt established by Julius Heinrich Zimmermann (1851-1923) in 1876. In 1880 he set up a factory for brass instruments. Soon he began publishing methods for all instruments, the first official publication was a Method for Flute by Ernesto Köhler in 1885. Julius Heinrich Zimmermann also developed new designs for flutes and was one of the first German saxophone manufacturers. The company also commenced production of string instruments.
After settlement of a branch in Moscow in 1882, Zimmermann opened new branches in Leipzig in 1886, in London in 1897 and in Riga in 1905. From 1891 on, the firm produced also mechanical musical instruments. Further, the company was prominent for its balalaikas, developed by Vasily Vasilievich Andreyev.
In 1901, Julius Heinrich Zimmermann was bestowed with the Order of Saint Stanislaus by tsar Nicholas II of Russia, beginning an association with the Russian tsar, as well as becoming exclusive purveyor of brass instruments to the Russian army. At that time he signed on Riccardo Drigo and published his most famous ballets. By 1904, Zimmermann acquired the piano factory of Gustav Fiedler in Leipzig. It produced then Jul. Heinr. Zimmermann pianos, harmoniums and mechanical musical instruments as well as musical boxes and speaking machines. 
From 1905 until 1919, Julius Heinrich Zimmermann was deputy of the German Reichstag and opened a distribution of his company in Berlin. The Russian branches of Zimmermann were nationalised by the Bolsheviks in 1918. August Zimmermann (1877-1952), son of the founder and general manager in the Saint Petersburg branch, left the country. His younger brother Wilhelm Zimmermann (1891-1946) was imprisoned and fled for his life to Germany some years later. 
In the years 1923-1933, Zimmermann published jazz music by German composers and the first German book about this genre. Additionally, the company began offering light music for orchestra. The publishing company was separated from the instruments factories in 1928. August Zimmermann led the instrument sector until the insolvency 1933. Wilhelm Zimmermann became sole owner of the publishing company. Being of part-Jewish ancestry, he was officially prohibited from operating his business from 1933, but still managed his company during the whole Nazi regime. 
After his death, his widow Edith Zimmermann (1900-1975) did not receive a license from the Soviet military authority to continue publishing and the firm was formally confiscated by the East German authorities. She reached the west, and established the company in Frankfurt. She extended the catalogue with new, young composers and educational publications. When she died in 1975, she had rebuilt a world-renowned venture. Her daughter Maja-Maria Reis (1929-2000) became managing director. Due to her foresight, the company joined with Robert Lienau in 1991. Today the Zimmermann catalogue presents about 3,000 books, including copyrights by Keiko Abe, Siegfried Behrend, Cesar Bresgen, Siegfried Fink, Kurt Hessenberg, Paul Juon and Graham Waterhouse, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18727798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727798" title="Kenneth Bruce Ross">
Kenneth Bruce Ross

Kenneth Bruce Ross (August 21, 1897 – July 12, 1959) was an inventor and businessman who is best known for the development of an automated manufacturing process for the reliable production of quartz crystals used in radios.
Life History.
Kenneth Ross was born in Oklahoma, but spent most of his childhood living with his uncle in Colorado. He lied about his age to join the US Army. His first posting was in Williams, Arizona. As part of his Army service, he fought against Pancho Villa. During his time in the Army, Ross was fortunate enough to work with the Marconi radios utilized by the Signal Corps.
Shortly after the completion of his military service, Ross moved to Chicago where he founded the Ross Manufacturing Company. Its primary product was the production and installation of radio components and systems. Customers included such notables as the P.K. Wrigley family. While installing a custom made radio system in their Chicago home, he met his future wife Gudrun Saetveit, a concert pianist providing instruction to the Wrigley children.
Kenneth Ross was an aviation enthusiast, who counted Charles Lindbergh as one of his friends. Ross owned several airplanes throughout his life. He was killed on July 12, 1959 in Durango, Colorado after the airplane he was piloting crashed shortly after takeoff.
Business.
The Ross Manufacturing Company employed approximately 500 people. In order to satisfy the communications demands of Allied Forces during World War II, Ross converted one of his plants in Chicago to a facility for making FT-243 crystal units. Ross developed a process to automatically and accurately tune the FT-243 quartz crystals in a shorter time while using far less labor. Prior to the development of his process, all crystals had to be polished by hand in order to ensure proper tuning. As a result, his factory was able to produce more high quality radio crystals faster than most other companies in the US. Ross never patented the process. It was shared freely with other radio crystal manufacturers as he deemed it his patriotic duty. Ross produced a short technical film detailing each step in the process, making it possible for others to easily copy it. His production method had a direct impact on the improved reliability of radio communications in both European and Asian theaters of war.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18727805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727805" title="R71">
R71

R71 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18727808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727808" title="Unlearned Parliament">
Unlearned Parliament

The Unlearned Parliament also known as the Lawless Parliament , Parliament of Dunces or the Parliamentum Indoctorum is the term used for the 1404 parliament called by Henry IV of England at the Great Hall of the Benedictine monastery in Coventry, Warwickshire, so called because the king refused to allow lawyers to stand as members, with "No Sheriff to be returned, nor any apprentice or other person at law" due to the King claiming that they were "troublesome", although more likely simply because they were familiar with the law. 
"Much ado there was; but to conclude, the worthy Archbishop (viz. Tho. Arundell) standing stoutly for the good of the Church, preserved it at that time from the storm impending." 
During the Parliament, the House of Commons attempted to interfere with the running of the King's household, suggesting ways to spend less and to stop the bestowal of useless pensions, with the idea being that the Crown's holdings would be able to support the King's expenditure without draining the government's coffers. 
This parliament is seen by many historians as the central reason that Richard le Scrope, the Archbishop of York, became disillusioned with the king, after not commenting on Henry's seizure of the throne and the execution of William le Scrope, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, a relative of his. Scrope rebelled in the spring of 1405, raising 8,000 men and 3 knights after a propaganda campaign before being captured by Ralph de Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland after disbanding his force per the terms of a truce. There is some evidence that the politically unsavvy Archbishop was manipulated throughout these events by Henry Percy, 1st Earl of Northumberland to legitimize his revenge campaign against Henry.

</doc>
<doc id="18727809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727809" title="Sessional GP">
Sessional GP

A sessional GP, frequently called locum, is a fully qualified general practitioner who does not have a standard employment contract with the primary care health centre where he works. They are paid by the session, as a difference to the other two types of contractual relationship in a GP practice, salaried GPs and GP partners.
Sessional GPs are self-employed professionals, therefore not entitled to sick leave, holiday pay or redundancy compensation. They obtain work by contracting their services directly with health centres or through temporary staff recruitment agencies. Recent changes in the regulations in United Kindogm allow them to form Limited Liability Companies.
Sessional GPs typically cover permanent doctors when on sick leave, maternity leave or holiday and fill the gaps between the moment a doctor leaves a practice and another permanent doctor is recruited. Although sessional GPs are usually contracted to cover temporary needs, it is not uncommon to find sessional GPs working in health centres for long periods of time, sometimes even years.
A typical session in United Kingdom is equivalent to 4 hours and 10 minutes of work, and frequently involves 2 to 2.5 hours of face to face contact with patients in 10 minutes appointments, followed by time for administration (reviewing correspondence from the hospital, reviewing blood test results, writing referral letters, triaging patient’s calls…) and doing home visits. Nowadays, many sessional GPs are only employed to undertake face to face consultations on 2 to 3 hours surgeries.
In order to practice as a sessional GP the doctor must meet all the requirements of a fully qualified GP, and the sessional GP must prove he maintains and updates his skills and knowledge to the same standard as a permanent GP.
Some GPs choose to practice as sessional doctors to allow them to meet other personal commitments, for example, mothers with small children, while for others it is a lifestyle choice.
There are an estimated 22,500 doctors in the UK working as sessional GPs. In 2011 a report suggested the demand for such physicians is expected to increase as National Health Service reforms come into effect.
Pros and Cons.
Pros
- More flexibility in the working conditions: hours, days, type of work.
- In UK, as a form to practice more hands on medicine and reduce the bureaucratic burden posed on permanent GPs.
Cons
- Pay and distance to work may vary significantly due to market conditions.
- The need to adjust to different computer systems, local protocols and referral pathways.
- Lack of control on the organization of the workplace.
- In UK difficulties accessing the NHS Pension scheme.
- Difficulties related to participating only on a snapshot of the care of patients with long term medical conditions.
- Reluctance of some patients to be treated by doctors they are not familiar with.
- Professional isolation
In July 2010, the Royal Medical Benevolent Fund (RMBF) published its report on sessional GPs entitled "Support for Sessional GPs", highlighting the professional isolation of these general practitioners, and recommending the urgent need for professional support such a freelance GP chambers, and highlighting the benefits that meeting up regularly can bring, such as being part of a Self-Directed Learning Group (SDLG).
In March 2011, the RMBF convened a high level meeting in London with representatives from the British Medical Association, Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP), Departments of Health from all four UK countries, and other GP representative organisations. As the outcome of that meeting, the RCGP agreed to take on the baton from the RMBF to reduce sessional GP isolation.

</doc>
<doc id="18727822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727822" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Baguio">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baguio

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baguio (Latin: "Dioecesis Baghiopolitanus") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. 
The diocese of Baguio is one of the older ecclesiastical territories in the Philippines. 
Originally erected as the apostolic prefecture of Mountain Provinces in 1932, in 1945, the prefecture was elevated to an apostolic vicariate. 
In 1992, the vicariate was subdivided to form the apostolic vicariate of Bontoc-Lagawe, and the apostolic vicariate of Tabuk, as well as having its name changed to the Apostolic Vicariate of Baguio. 
Finally, in 2004, the vicariate was elevated to a full diocese, and became a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia 
The current bishop is Carlito J. Cenzon, appointed in 2002.
Ordinaries.
'The Historical Background of Our Lady of Covadonga, Queen of the Most Holy Rosary of La Trinidad and the Cordilleras'.
Everyday, more and more devotees and pilgrims from all over the country and elsewhere, flock to San Jose Parish Church in Poblacion, La Trinidad, Benguet to view, Venerate and pray for intercessions, miracles and blessings to the majestic and miraculous centuries-old brown Image of Our Lady of Covadonga which is temporarily encased in a glass box while awaiting Her final Shrine at the completion of the on-going construction of the new Parish Church.
The Brown Statue has its origins in La Trinidad so vaguely handed down by word of mouth of local townsfolk, but the original devotion began in Asturias, Spain in the 7th century AD by a Christian King named Don Pelayo who led the Christian soldiers in victory in a battle against the invading Moors. A statue of The Blessed Mother was kept by Pelayo in the caves of Covadonga in Asturias. The victory of the Christians was attributed to Her intercession and protection and a shrine was built in the cave which, to this day is still being venerated. During the Spanish conquest of the east in the 1500s, the Galleon Trade was established between the Philippines and Spain that started the Spanish colonization of the Philippine islands. It became a common practice that each Galleon that sailed to the east carried an Image of the Blessed Mother carved in hard wood fashioned after the medieval queens of the time. This was a part of the Christianization effort of Spain. Each image was brought into land and a church or fortress was built in Her name. Because of the vast trade and commerce all around the Philippine islands, there came to be many Shrines of Our Blessed Mother scattered around the archipelago. Some of the popular ones are Our Lady of La Naval in Manila, Our Lady of Manaoag in Pangasinan, Our Lady of Penafrancia in Naga, Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage in Antipolo, Our Lady of De Guia in Malate, Our Lady of Piat in Cagayan Valley and Our Lady Of Covadonga in La Trinidad, Benguet. 
It is believed that the Image of Our Lady of Covadonga carried by a Galleon that docked on the ports of La Union, was brought up to the mountains of the Cordilleras by Spanish conquistadores who aimed to colonize and Christianize the mountainous regions of Northern Philippines, the Cordilleras. It was told that they carried the Image by foot and ascended through the mountainous paths on the boundaries of La Union and Benguet, into a beautiful flat valley surrounded by mountains. They named the place La Trinidad and built a stone chapel to house the Image and start Her devotion. This is clear evidence that the Spaniards landed here, as La Trinidad valley is the only Spanish named town in the entire province of Benguet. They founded the Parish of San Jose here but, unfortunately, due to the pagan population, the devotion to Our Lady did not prosper. With the gentle migration of lowlanders into La Trinidad, mostly from the neighboring Ilocos Region very few people knew of Her presence in this town. 
The natives were strong in their culture and pagan beliefs while the Ilocano migrants wee the first Roman Catholics to thrive in the areas. The Roman Catholic faith gradually flourished in the town of La Trinidad. The stone church burned down due to unknown reasons in the 18th century but the Image was saved by the religious townsfolk who painstakingly built a Wooden Church in the turn of the century. This wooden church stood as the earliest center for the Catholic faith in La Trinidad with mostly local Ilocano migrants as parishioners with some natives gradually embracing the faith. This Church was burned again after the Second world war in 1948 including all records and historical data about the Parish and the Image Itself. The centuries-old Image was saved once more and was kept in one of the homes in Poblacion, the Sales Family home. 
In the 1950s a small wooden chapel was built on the same site and the Image was placed on the right side altar but was left unknown for many years without a name nor adornments or vestments. In 1979, a new replica of Our Lady of Covadonga was donated from Spain to the San Jose Parish Church by devoted Asturians led by the Cacho family. This replica was received by then Parish priest Rev. fr. Camilo Declercq with the Most Rev. Bishop William Brasseur, Vicar Apostolic to Benguet and the Mountain Provinces, in attendance. The Centuries-Old Statue was then removed from the right side altar to give way to the replica, and was then transferred to a smaller Chapel of the Sacred Heart in the same town only to be left in utter neglect and forgotten. The new Cacho replica was enshrined here and it started the awareness of the name Our Lady of Covadonga in the town of La Trinidad, the City of Baguio and neighboring provinces. The Mandated Society named Children of Our Lady of Covadonga (COLC) was organized by local women devotees in the Parish who took the initiative and persuasion to spread Her devotion and be the curators of the replica. 
The old Image in Sacred heart Chapel was almost forgotten when In 1999, a massive research was spearheaded by Rev. Fr. Rolando Astudillo, the Parish Priest of San Jose Church together with members of the COLC, and it was discovered that there was an age-old Icon of Our Lady of Covadonga stored somewhere in the town. The COLC and other Concerned devotees searched and found the Age-Old Image in sheer deterioration in the Sacred Heart Chapel. They reclaimed and painstakingly restored the Image to perfection in September 1999. The new Cacho replica was then removed and transferred to the Sacred Heart Chapel in km.5 while the old original image was brought back. A holy procession was done on December 8, 1999 headed by then Bishop Ernesto Salgado, Vicar Apostolic to the Mountain Provinces, and the Original Image of Our Lady was temporarily enshrined in a glass encasement at the right side entrance to the wooden San Jose Parish Church. 
Her Canonical Coronation and Declaration as a National Marian Shrine was held with a concelebrated High Mass on Her feastday, September 8, 2005 by His Excellency Msgr. Carlito Cenzon, Bishop of the Diocese of Baguio and Benguet. Her title was then proclaimed: "Nuestra Senora de Covadonga Reina del Rosario Santissimo de La Trinidad y de las Cordilleras". She now awaits Her final Shrine as the New Parish Church is under construction and may hopefully qualify as Basilica Minore, given the proper appointment from the Vatican. Our Lady of Covadonga Queen of the Most holy Rosary of La Trinidad and the Cordilleras, Pray for us and Protect the Philippines!

</doc>
<doc id="18727823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727823" title="Diocese of the Highveld">
Diocese of the Highveld

The Diocese of the Highveld (formerly the Diocese of South Eastern Transvaal) is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa covering the East Rand in Gauteng province and the southern part of Mpumalanga province in South Africa. The bishop's seat is at St Dunstan's Cathedral in Benoni.
History.
The Diocese of the Highveld was formed through a multiplication of the original Anglican Diocese of Johannesburg, which, in geographical terms, embraced the whole of the former Southern Transvaal Province of South Africa. The new diocese extends from the eastern edge of the Metropolis of Johannesburg, Gauteng Province, South Africa, to the borders of the Kingdom of Swaziland. Apart from the urban and industrial areas, forming what is known as the East Rand, in which most of the parishes are situated, much of the Diocese is rural farming land, falling within the Province of Mpumalanga. 
On the Feast of the Epiphany, 6 January 1990, the Diocese of South Eastern Transvaal, now Highveld, came into being. David Beetge was elected to lead the Diocese. The Bishop lead the Diocese into new and exciting phases of growth and development. He died on the 27 September 2008. On the 25 April 2009, David Bannerman was consecrated as Bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="18727842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727842" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Novaliches">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Novaliches

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Novaliches () is a diocese of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Vision-mission statement.
Vision.
"We, the local Church of Novaliches, are a Christ-centered community of disciples, responding to the needs of the people, journeying with the Blessed Virgin Mary towards the newness and fullness of life."
History.
The diocese was established on December 7, 2002, and was canonically erected on January 16, 2003 from its ecclesiastical province, the Archdiocese of Manila, by Pope John Paul II. Its territorial jurisdiction includes the Northern portions of the cities of Quezon and Caloocan. The seat of the diocese, which is dedicated to Jesus, the Good Shepherd, is located at Regalado Avenue Extension, Fairview, Novaliches, Quezon City.
Statistics.
As of October 31, 2008, there were approximately 2,300,000 people in the diocese. 1,900,000 are Catholics. As of October 31, 2008, there were 36 parishes under diocesan clergy and 23 parishes under Religious clergy in the diocese. In 2006, there were 1,190 baptisms.
There are about 1.2 million baptized Catholics or 63% of the whole population of the Diocese of Novaliches. Members of other Christian denominations include the Iglesia ni Cristo (Church of Christ), which is approximately the biggest group among non-Catholics. There are also Muslim Communities within the vicinity of the Diocese.
Parishes.
Caloocan District I.
Vicariate of Christ the King
Vicariate of Our Lady of Lourdes
Vicariate of Sto. Niño
Vicariate of Ascension of Our Lord
Quezon City District II, District V and District VI.
Vicariate of Good Shepherd
Vicariate of Holy Spirit
Vicariate of Our Lady of Mercy
Vicariate of San Bartolome
Vicariate of San Isidro Labrador
Vicariate of St. Peter
Vicariate of Ina ng Lupang Pangako
Bishop.
The current Bishop is The Most Reverend Antonio Realubin Tobias, DD., JCL.. He was born on June 13, 1941 in San Andres Bukid,Manila. His parents are Norberto Tobias and Trinidad Realubin. His siblings are Romulo, Loreto, Marita, Ofelia and Manolo. Bishop Tobias was ordained as a priest on December 21, 1965 at the Manila Cathedral. He was also ordained as a bishop on January 25, 1983, while serving as the parish priest in Christ the King Parish Church at Greenmeadows, Quezon City. He has been serving as the bishop of Novaliches, since his appointment on November 25, 2003.
Contact details.
Office of the Bishop
Roman Catholic Diocese of Novaliches
The Cathedral Shrine and Parish of the Good Shepherd
Regalado Avenue Ext., Fairview, Novaliches, Quezon City
Tel. No.: (632) 461-5051 or (632) 461-5074
E-mail: novaliches_diocese@yahoo.com

</doc>
<doc id="18727847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727847" title="L'Heure Bretonne">
L'Heure Bretonne

"L'Heure Bretonne" ("Brittany's Hour") was a Breton nationalist weekly newspaper which was published from June 1940 to June 1944. It was the organ of the Breton National Party and was strongly associated with collaborationist politics during World War II.
Origins.
In July 1940, after the Fall of France, the pro-German Breton nationalists François Debeauvais and Olier Mordrel called the Congress of Pontivy, at which they created the Breton National Committee to coordinate Breton nationalist projects. The committee decided to found the weekly newspaper "L'Heure Bretonne". The first issue was symbolically dated 14 July (Bastille Day) 1940. The paper was in practice a continuation of the nationalists' earlier journal "Breiz Atao".
Publication.
The newspaper was published in Rennes in the headquarters of the Breton National Committee. 201 issues were published between July 1940 and June 1944. Morvan Lebesque was its first editor, for two months in 1940. He later said he left when it became obvious that the Committee wanted to paper to pursue a pro-Nazi line. He was followed as editor by Jean Merrien, a close associate of Olier Mordrel, who left when Mordrel was ousted from the leadership of the Breton National Party.
By 1942 "L'Heure Bretonne" had a circulation of about 25,000 and employed fifty members of staff at its offices in Rennes. 
In August 1940, some nationalists selling "L'Heure Bretonne" were detained at Quimper by the Germans, but after this incident, the paper was published and circulated without problems until June 4, 1944. Its editorial line was consistent with German propaganda. It attacked Jews, leftist "Jacobins" and the English. However, it also attacked the French in general, on behalf of the "Breton race ", and new "Aryan" Europe in which the Bretons would take an active role.
Content.
The content of the newspaper reflects its intransigent separatist politics and repeated challenge to the Vichy government. The newspaper took particular care to avoid offending the German occupying forces. However it did not adopt explicitly Nazi ideological rhetoric, despite its solidarity with Germany's war effort, with weekly articles recounting the exploits of the Wehrmacht in Russia. The attitude of the paper was expressed by former communist Gwendal Denez in November 1940:
I would rather clasp vigorously the hand of the passers-by, singing their conquest song, and stare right into their eyes without the least hatred. Because I have sound reasons for believing that the conquerors of the West will not hinder us in the slightest in the success of our task : to build a New Brittany on the ruins of the old World.
The main themes addressed by the newspaper are the history of Brittany, the misdeeds of Vichy France and a repeated and extreme Anglophobia. It also covered daily life in Brittany, with articles on the peasantry, crafts, modern Breton design, and so on.
Antisemitism.
Following the mass arrest of Jews in Paris known as the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup on 16 and 17 July 1942, "L'Heure Bretonne" published a front page article entitled "À la porte les juifs et les enjuivés" ("Show Jews and the Judaized the Door") under the signature "DR" (No. 105, July 18, 1942). 
In the same vein, Job Jaffré, under his pseudonym "Tug", published a denunciation of the bombings committed by the forces of "youtre-Atlantique", a wordplay on ""outre-Atlantique"" ("over the Atlantic") and ""youtre"", a derogatory term for "Jew" (April 1943, No. 142). Later in the same year, he wrote that he expected a "reversal of alliance... when the Jewish problem has been eliminated" (October 1943, No. 171, under the initials St. K.)

</doc>
<doc id="18727848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727848" title="D47">
D47

D47 may refer to :
and also:

</doc>
<doc id="18727872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727872" title="Stine Andresen">
Stine Andresen

Stine Andresen (née Jürgens) (1849–1927) was a German poet from the North Frisian island of Föhr. Her lyrics often refer to her native island. In addition to poems in German, she also wrote some poetry in Fering North Frisian.
Life and opus.
Stine Andresen was born to farmer Jürgen Erich Jürgens in Boldixum (now a part of Wyk auf Föhr) and spent most of her life there. Her mother died early. Andresen attended grammar school in Boldixum and improved her education by reading. Quite early she used to write occasional poems which were recited upon festivities. She was friendly with the family of poet Friedrich Hebbel and after his death worked as a secretary for Hebbel's widow Christine for some time.
In 1875 she married miller Emil Andresen who died during the 1890s. Already in 1893 poems by Stine Andresen were printed and published. When her financial situation worsened due to the death of her husband, the author Karl Schrattenthal supported her by reprinting her works.
Reception and aftermath.
Two of her works were set to music for choir by composer Ferdinand Thieriot. The town of Wyk auf Föhr named a street "Stine-Andresen-Weg".

</doc>
<doc id="18727877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727877" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos (Lat: "Dioecesis Malolosinae") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. The motherchurch of the Diocese is the Malolos Cathedral located in Malolos City, Bulacan
The diocese was erected in 1961 from its metropolitan, the Archdiocese of Manila.
The diocese has compiled a book containing its synodal documents, finalized at the First Diocesan Synod of Malolos. Among other things it outlines the structural organizations of the diocese, the composition of the people in the diocese, the areas of pastoral concern, the handling of the temporal goods of the diocese, and sanctions and processes. This book compilation serves as a guide to clergy and laity where pastoral matters are concerned.
José Francisco Oliveros was appointed bishop in 2004.
Diocese of Malolos.
The Diocese of Malolos, with jurisdiction over the Province of Bulacan and the City of Valenzuela in Metropolitan Manila and suffragan to the Archdiocese of Manila, was created on March 11, 1962 by Pope John XXIII. Rev. Manuel del Rosario was installed Papal Nuncio Salvatore Siino as the first bishop of the Diocese.The late and 4th Bishop of Malolos is Most Rev. Jose F. Oliveros, D.D.
Parishes of the Diocese of Malolos.
Vicariate of the Immaculate Conception (i) - Malolos City, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Anne - Hagonoy, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Michael the Archangel - San Miguel, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Martin of Tours - Bocaue, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Francis of Assisi - Meycauayan City, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Didacus of Alcala - Valenzuela City
Vicariate of St. James the Apostle - Plaridel, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Joseph the Worker - San Jose del Monte City, Bulacan
Vicariate of the Immaculate Conception - Sta. Maria, Bulacan
Vicariate of St. Augustine of Hippo - Baliuag, Bulacan
History.
Bulacan was Christianized in 1500s by the Augustinians at the West headed by Fray Diego Ordoñez e Vivar from Gualajara Mexico the Western Bulacan became the centers of Augustinians Order in Towns of Calumpit with Hagonoy and Apalit,Bulakan with Bigaa and Caluya,Malolos with Quingua while on the South was Christianized by Franciscans.
Prior to the creation of the Diocee of Malolos it is part of Archdicose of Manila as Vicaria de La Inmaculada Concepcion or Vicaria dela Provincia de Bulacan which Malolos Church is the headquarters of Vicariate of Bulacan comprising the whole Province of Bulacan including Polo (now Valenzuela City)
The Diocese of Malolos was created on November 25, 1961. On March 11, 1962, the Malolos Cathedral became the site of the formal canonical installation of the first resident bishop of Malolos, Most Reverend Manuel del Rosario, D.D. For Malolos, it was a new chapter in its already fabled history. It was the late Pope John XXIII who created the Diocese of Malolos as a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Manila. In the celebration, Bishop del Rosario was installed by Archbishop Salvatore Siino, then papal nuncio to the Philippines.
In Guiguinto, Bulacan town, the "Immaculate Conception Minor Seminary" soon got under construction. The seminary, considered the nucleus potential of the diocese, has become the alma mater of some fifty priests who have now assumed responsible positions in the diocese and its 73 parishes. The seminary has grown to include new buildings for a college seminary, a formation institute, and hopefully, in due time, a theology school.
A few years later two auxiliary bishops were assigned to Malolos: Most Reverend Leopoldo Arcaira who arrived in 1966, then Most Reverend Ricardo Vidal. When Monsignor Vidal was elevated to the position of archbishop and was assigned to Lipa, Pope Paul VI gave Malolos a young and energetic prelate, Most Reverend Cirilo R. Almario became the bishop of Malolos from December 15, 1977 up to January 20, 1996.
The third bishop is the former auxiliary bishop of Manila, Most Rev. Rolando Tria Tirona, OCD, a Carmelite Discalced. He started his episcopacy on the December, 1996. He was later transferred in June 2003 to the Prelature of Infanta to replace another Carmelite Discalced prelate, Bishop Julio Xavier Labayen, OCD.
The current bishop is a priest from the Diocese of Gumaca in Quezon, Most Rev. Jose Francisco Oliveros, DD. He took the office on May 14, 2004.
The pomp and pageantry that accompanied the installation of the First Bishop of Malolos was repeated in a celebration in 1987 to mark the silver jubilee of the diocese. All roads led to Malolos that day.
The Diocese of Malolos comprises the entire civil province of Bulacan and the city of Valenzuela in Metro Manila. Its titular patron is the Immaculate Conception whose feast is celebrated December 8. The population covered by the diocese is 1,650,000 of which 85 per cent are Catholics.
Malolos is the capital of Bulacan Province which lies in the Central Plains of Luzon, or Region III. Bulacan is bounded by Nueva Ecija on the north, Aurora (Dingalan) on the northeast, Quezon (General Nakar) on the east, Rizal (Rodriguez) on the southeast, Metro Manila (Valenzuela City, Malabon City, Navotas City, Caloocan City and Quezon City) on the south, Manila Bay on the southwest, and Pampanga on the west. The province of Bulacan is rich in rice, in fruits and in fishpond production. Other products are sugar and corn. In poultry raising the town of Sta. Maria is known as the "egg nest" of the country.
Historically, Bulacan, together with other Central Luzon provinces, was among the first to take up arms against Spanish authorities. It played an important role in the Philippine Revolution of 1896. When the capital of the new Republic was moved from Bacoor in Cavite to Malolos in Bulacan, the First Revolutionary Congress met at the Barasoain Church, a landmark in Philippine history, to draft the first constitution of the First Philippine Republic. And on January 21, 1899 Emilio Aguinaldo, the first president of the First Philippine Republic, promulgated what is now known as the Malolos Constitution. It was the first important Filipino document to come out of people's representation.
In June and July 1987, Bishop Cirilo Almario convened the First Diocesan Synod of Malolos. It had for its theme - "To Prepare for the Lord a Perfect People." Together with the priests and the Christian faithful of the province the Synod formulated its own vision-mission statement. To fulfill its mission, a restructuring of the diocesan organization was called for in line with the spirit of Vatican II.

</doc>
<doc id="18727880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727880" title="R72">
R72

R72 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18727882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727882" title="Alyth railway station">
Alyth railway station

Alyth railway station served the village of Alyth in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross. The station was the terminus of a branch line from Alyth Junction on the Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Alyth Railway on 12 August 1861, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Railways Board on 2 July 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="18727888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727888" title="Anglican Diocese of Port Elizabeth">
Anglican Diocese of Port Elizabeth

The Diocese of Port Elizabeth is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa. The diocese was founded in 1970. It is considered the stronghold of orthodox Anglicanism in South Africa, due to the leadership of Bishop Bethlehem Nopece, who is in office since 2001.
History.
The British garrison of Port Elizabeth saw the arrival of 500 settlers in 1825, which included the Rev. Francis McClelland, who was appointed the same year Colonial Chaplain. It was also laid the foundation stone of the Collegiate Church of St. Mary the Virgin, who only would be opened for worship in 1832. The Anglican Diocese of Port Elizabeth was created in 1970, being his first Bishop, Philip Russell, until 1974. The diocese supported the anti-apartheid campaign under his tenure and the one of his successor, Bruce Read Evans. He was followed by Eric Pike, who would be in office from 1993 to 2001. Finally, Bethlehem Nopece was nominated the first black bishop of the diocese in 2001. 

</doc>
<doc id="18727891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727891" title="Linda Cardozo">
Linda Cardozo

Linda Dolores Cardozo OBE is a professor of urogynaecology at King's College Hospital, London.
Cardozo graduated from Liverpool University in 1974 with an MBChB and received her MD in 1979. From 1995 she has held the position of President of the Association of Chartered Physiotherapists in Women's Health. She has written and published books on obstetrics and gynaecology.
In September 2007 she spoke out against the growing popularity of cosmetic vaginal surgery, saying little evidence exists to advise women on the safety or effectiveness of procedures.
Cardozo was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to urogynaecology and women's health.

</doc>
<doc id="18727914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727914" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Cubao (Latin: "Dioecesis Cubaoensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. The diocese was created by Pope John Paul II on June 28, 2003 by virtue of Papal Bull "Quo Satius Provideretur", and was canonically erected on August 28, 2003, Feast of Saint Augustine, from the Archdiocese of Manila. The diocese previously existed as the Ecclesiastical District of Quezon-City South (renamed the district of Cubao in 2002).
Territorial Jurisdiction.
The diocese comprises the southern part of Quezon City, starting from Tandang Sora Avenue and Mactan Street leading throughout the south of the city. particularly the three (3) legislative districts of the city in the south: District 1 (all barangays), District 3 (except Barangays Camp Aguinaldo, Matandang Balara and Mary, Queen of Peace Shrine in Brgy. Ugong Norte along EDSA-Ortigas), and District 4 (except the lower part of Barangay Bagong Lipunan ng Crame), with some barangays from District 6, namely Barangay Sangandaan, Baesa, Apolonio Samson, Unang Sigaw, Balon-bato (or Balumbato), New Era, and Culiat (only southern portion across Tandang Sora Avenue).
Camp Aguinaldo and the portion of Crame south of Bonny Serrano Avenue, with Veterans Memorial Medical Center along North Avenue, Project 6, are under the jurisdiction of the Military Ordinariate of the Philippines, whereas Mary, Queen of Peace Shrine along EDSA corner Ortigas Avenue, Barangay Ugong Norte belongs to the Archdiocese of Manila.
History.
February 6, 1579
August 14, 1595
'"April 10, 1910
May 19, 1928
December 11, 1948
November 25, 1961
Quezon City at that time consisted of eleven parishes:
1962-1974 Seven parishes in Quezon City were established:
December 3, 1974
1975-1982
Between 1981-1983
March 24, 1983
1985-1986
"'August 10, 1987
Between 1987-1989
1987-1988
February 1, 1989
'"1990-2000
"' Ten new parishes were established:
December 9, 1997
'"August 31, 2001
October 22, 2001
March 15, 2002
April 10, 2003
June 28, 2003
August 14, 2003
August 28, 2003
"'
2004
February 12, 2005
2006 New assignments for parish priests took effect, between January and June. Due to shortage of number of parish priests, at least seven priests were assigned as pastors to two parishes simultaneously. On May 15, Vicar General Msgr. Mortillero, representing the Bishop, announced the creation of the new San Isidro Labrador Quasi-Parish in Pinyahan.
2007 Four priests were ordained: Fr. Gilberto Fortunato Dumlao, Fr. Herbel Torres, Fr. Victor William Garcia, and Fr. Ronald Monis.
2009 Second minor reassignment for the clergy took place. Fr. Fredrick Edward Simon assumed the office of Chancellor.
2010. Fr. Ronald M. Roberto was ordained priest.
2011 Two priests were incardinated for the Diocese of Cubao, namely Fr. Nicolas Salamanca (former Recoleto) and Fr. Luisito Caupayan (former Claretian). Saint Pedro Poveda College along EDSA and Poveda Street, Barangay Ugong Norte, transferred its proper jurisdiction from the Archdiocese of Manila to the Diocese of Cubao.
2012 Second major reassigment for the clergy took place between January and February. With the retirement of Msgr. Mortillero, Msgr. Sta. Maria was reappointed Vicar-General. Fr. Ronaldo Macale was named Episcopal Vicar for the Clergy. Fr. Nicolas Salamanca became the new Episcopal Vicar for the Religious. Fr. Ronaldo Santos was named Oeconomus. Fr, Raymond Joseph L. Arre, STL, was named Episcopal Vicar for Catholic Schools and Superintendent of the Diocese of Cubao Educational System, Inc. (DOCES). On January 8, Bishop Ongtioco signed the decree establishing the Blessed John Paul II Parish in Eastwood City, Libis (Barangay Bagumbayan), appointing Fr Arnel Recinto as its first Parish Priest. On February 5, the Holy Family Quasi-Parish in GSIS Village (Barangay Sangandaan) was elevated into a full-fledged parish, with the installation of Fr. Herbel Torres as first parish priest. On September 8 came the ordination of another priest, Fr. Rey Hector Paglinawan.
2013 With the death of Fr. Emmanuel Sarez, Fr. Jose Fortunato Garces, OAR, was named as temporary pastor of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish in Project 6 with acting capacity. Fr. Nemesio Tolentin, OAR, was named parish priest of San Nicolas de Tolentino Parish. Msgr. Benjamin Razon retired as parish priest of Immaculate Conception Parish in Project 8 and was succeeded by Fr. Alfredo Pascual. On March 2, Fr. Victor Angelo Parlan was ordained to the priesthood. Fr. Ruben Villote, the founder of the Center for Migrant Youth, also a priest of the diocese, died on July 6. The diocese marks the tenth anniversary of its inauguration on August 28, with the conferral of the "Civitas Supra Montem "Awards to distinguished lay leaders for their longtime meritorious service to the local church.
Diocesan Curia and Ministry Heads.
Bishop Ongtioco appointed new members of the Diocesan Curia and heads of various ministries in the diocese for a period of three years beginning February 1, 2012.
Churches.
The diocese is composed of 44 full-fledged parishes (3 of which are national shrines, 3 of which are national shrines), 2 quasi-parishes, and 1 non-parochial diocesan shrine, subdivided into six vicariates:
Vicariate of the Holy Family
Vicariate of Our Lady of Perpetual Help
Vicariate of Saint Joseph
Vicariate of San Pedro Bautista
Vicariate of Sta. Rita de Cascia
Vicariate of Santo Niño

</doc>
<doc id="18727926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727926" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo (Lat: "Dioecesis Antipolensis") is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
On January 23, 1983, during his Angelus message, Pope John Paul II announced the creation of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Antipolo. It comprised the area of the whole province of Rizal, the entire Marikina City, and part of Pasig City (the former Vicariate of Santo Tomas de Villanueva, now belonging to the Diocese of Pasig). It is an area that was previously known in the Archdiocese of Manila as the Ecclesiastical District of Eastern Rizal. The diocese was canonically established on the June 25, 1983 and is a suffragan of the said archdiocese.
The first residential bishop of Antipolo diocese was the Most Rev. Protacio G. Gungon. On December 3, 2001, he was replaced by the Most Rev. Crisostomo A. Yalung as the second bishop. The third local ordinary of the diocese is the present bishop, Most Rev. Gabriel V. Reyes, former Bishop of Kalibo in Aklan. Bishop Reyes is assisted by his auxiliary bishop, Most Rev. Francisco M. De Leon.
The diocese had its First Diocesan Synod in 1993 held at St. Michael's Retreat House in Antipolo City. The diocese has experienced some jurisdictional changes since the time the Diocese of Pasig was created. Around six well-established parishes from the diocese within the civil boundaries of Pasig City was given to the newly established Pasig diocese together with the diocesan priests serving in them.
Silver Jubilee.
The Diocese of Antipolo celebrated the Silver Jubilee of its foundation in 2008. The theme of its celebration was "25 Taon ng Mabuting Paglalakbay: Pasasalamat, Pagdiriwang at Panibagong Pagsasabuhay!" (25 Years of a Good Journey: Thanksgiving, Celebration and Renewed Living!). A big celebration was held on December 5, 2008 at the Cathedral of Antipolo to highlight the year-long festivities. The Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines, the Most Rev. Edward Joseph Adams, D.D., graced the said celebration.
The Diocese today.
At present, the Diocese of Antipolo is considered to be one of the largest local churches in the Philippines in terms of its Catholic population. Diocesan priests serving the diocese is number 76. There are about 30 major (college and theology) seminarians and 117 minor (high school) seminarians from the John Paul II Minor Seminary in the diocese. There are also around 50 religious congregations serving the diocese. A good number of lay men and women have dedicated themselves into serving the local church as lay ministers of the Word and communion, catechists, lectors, youth leaders among others.
Among the 86 ecclesiastical jurisdictions present in the Philippines today, the Diocese is the fifth largest local church in terms of its Catholic population after the Archdioceses of Cebu, San Fernando (Pampanga), Manila, and the Diocese of Malolos (Bulacan). The population of the whole area covering the diocese is 3,037,029, of which 2,429,665 (or 80%) are Catholics.
With 64 parishes that comprise the whole diocese within the whole province of Rizal and the City of Marikina, it has been a common desire among the flock that the Virgin of Antipolo, Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage, may continue to lead each faithful to her Son, Jesus. The diocesan motto is "Ad Jesum Per Mariam".
The Cathedral of Antipolo is one of the most popular Marian shrines in the country where the much loved and venerated image of Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage (the Virgin of Antipolo) is enshrined.
Vicariates.
Vicariate of Our Lady of Peace and Good Voyage
Vicariate of Our Lady of Aranzazu
Vicariate of St. Jerome
Vicariate of San Ildefonso
Vicariate of St. John the Baptist
Vicariate of Our Lady of Light
Vicariate of St. Francis Xavier
Vicariate of Immaculate Conception
Vicariate of Our Lady of the Abandoned

</doc>
<doc id="18727932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727932" title="Men Behaving Badly (U.S. TV series)">
Men Behaving Badly (U.S. TV series)

Men Behaving Badly is an American sitcom that ran on NBC from 1996 to 1997. It serves as a transatlantic equivalent to the earlier British sitcom of the same name.
Synopsis.
Set in Indianapolis, Indiana the show starred Ron Eldard, Rob Schneider and Justine Bateman. Eldard and Bateman left after the first season, and were replaced by Ken Marino and Jenica Bergere. 
Reception.
The show was canceled part-way into the second season. The first season ran for 22 episodes. Altogether 13 episodes were completed for the second season, although only 6 aired during the initial run because of low ratings (due to competition with CBS's Top 5 hit "Touched by an Angel", Fox's Top 20 hit "The Simpsons", and ABC's Top 30 hit "The Wonderful World of Disney", all of which were more family-friendly programs).
DVD releases.
The entire series of 35 episodes was released as a Region 1 DVD box set in February 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18727955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727955" title="List of baseball parks in Baltimore">
List of baseball parks in Baltimore

This is a list of venues used for professional baseball in Baltimore, Maryland. The information is a synthesis of the information contained in the references listed.

</doc>
<doc id="18727962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727962" title="2WOW">
2WOW

Wow FM (100.7 FM, callsign "2WOW") is a community radio station based in St Marys in Sydney. The station broadcasts to part of Western Sydney, mainly centered around the City of Penrith. Wow FM is a volunteer run organisation and is funded through listener support, grants and limited commercial sponsorship. 
Programming.
The station's current programs cover a range of music styles including adult contemporary, rock and roll, country, multicultural and Christian programming. Wow FM also broadcasts programs that are presented by special interest groups or in languages other than English. 
History.
In June 2001, "Way Out West (WOW) FM" beat ONE other radio stations for a permanent licence from the Australian Broadcasting Authority. This was due to the perceived need for multicultural programs in the Penrith area, which WOW FM devoted a large proportion of their airtime, despite the fact, only 10% of Penrith LGA residents come from a non-English speaking background.
In September 2001, 2WOW was a finalist for the Country Radio Station of the Year Award from the Australian Independent Country Music Awards.
In November 2001, WOW FM began broadcasting national news updates produced in Bathurst by media students at Charles Sturt University.
WOW FM added a "Kids Club" feature in February 2002 that allows local primary school students to learn about radio broadcasting and promote their schools. Later that month, the station joined the "Work for the Dole" project by giving thirty unemployed young people the chance to study interviewing, computer skills, and internet broadcasting.
Since then, WOW FM has been a relatively irrelevant force in the Penrith area. Their signal can barely be received in much of Penrith because their transmission tower is pointing east from St Marys.

</doc>
<doc id="18727971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727971" title="John van den Berk">
John van den Berk

John van den Berk (born 1967 in Oss) is a Dutch former two-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Biography.
He was the 1987 F.I.M. world champion in the 125cc class on a Yamaha. The following year he moved to the 250cc class where he again won the world championship, also on a Yamaha. Currently, he is the Head Coach of the Royal Dutch Motorcyclist Federation, and is the organizer of various motocross training courses in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18727973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18727973" title="Garry Watson">
Garry Watson

Garry Watson (born 1955) is a retired English professional footballer who played for Bradford City, Doncaster Rovers and Halifax Town. Watson ended his career with non-league Whitby Town.

</doc>
<doc id="18728017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728017" title="R76">
R76

R76 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18728029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728029" title="Diocese of Swaziland">
Diocese of Swaziland

The Diocese of Swaziland is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa. 
The diocese was founded in 1968. It comprises the country of Swaziland. It is divided in three archdeaconries, Eastern Swaziland, Southern Swaziland and Western Swaziland.
The bishop Meshack Mabuza was in charge from 2002 to 2012. He was very critical of the authoritarian rule of Swazi king Mswati III, calling for democratic reforms. On 18 July 2012, the Rev. Ellinah Wamukoya, aged 61 years old, was elected bishop, becoming the first woman in the Anglican Church of South Africa to be elected to this office. She was consecrated on 17 November 2012 by Archbishop Thabo Makgoba.
History.
The Anglican Diocese of Swaziland was created in 1968, shortly after the independence of Swaziland and had Anthony Hunter as their first bishop, from 1968 to 1975.
The Anglican Diocese of Swaziland is twinned with the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa (Iowa, USA) and with the Episcopal Diocese of Brechin (Scotland).

</doc>
<doc id="18728031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728031" title="The Fox and the Child">
The Fox and the Child

The Fox and the Child (French: "Le renard et l'enfant") is a 2007 French film directed by Luc Jacquet. Starring Bertille Noël-Bruneau, Isabelle Carré and Thomas Laliberté. The English version of the film is narrated by Kate Winslet.
Plot.
A young girl of about 10 years lives in a farm house in the Jura mountains in eastern France. One day in autumn, when she rides her bicycle to school through the forest, she observes a hunting fox. Of course, the fox escapes, but the girl yearns to meet the animal again.
She spends most of her free time in the forests trying to find the fox during the following months, but she doesn't meet the fox again until winter comes. During the winter, she follows the fox's tracks far across the fields. Suddenly she compares her hand to the size of the tracks near to those she is following and discovers they are relatively fresh wolf tracks; she is alarmed as a wolf pack begins howling near her. She runs away panicked, falls and hurts her ankle.
The ankle heals very slowly, so that she has to stay at home during the winter reading a book about foxes and other animals of the forest.
When spring arrives, the girl is looking for fox holes and waits for the fox. The fox has young babies and moves holes because of her observations; therefore the girl decides to observe the fox from a greater distance.
She finds the fox again and tries to get the animal accustomed to her. She feeds it with meat. Later she can even touch the fox and is led to the new den. Finally, the fox arrives at her house and she lets it inside, wanting to show it her bedroom. But the fox becomes distressed at not being able to find a way out and escapes by smashing through her brittle plate glass window, causing the glass to shatter. The fox is hurt badly, but survives and the girl learns that she cannot keep wild animals as pets at home as they are unpredictable and may break more things such as fragile glass windows.
Years later she tells the whole story to her son, as seen at the end of the film. Some versions (DVD English) leave out this scene and put the gist of its text over the scene before it.
Around the film.
The film was shot on the "Plateau de Retord" in (Ain), which the film director knows well because he spent his youth there, in the summer, as well as in the Abruzzo in Italy.
The foxes in the film were played by six animals: Titus, Sally, Ziza, Scott, Tango and Pitchou. Titus was the fox who had been tamed by Marie-Noëlle Baroni. It died on March 17, 2008 at the advanced age of 12 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18728033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728033" title="Mosaic theory (investments)">
Mosaic theory (investments)

The Mosaic theory in finance is a method used in security analysis to analyze information about a corporation. Under insider trading laws, analysts may not use material non-public information to help select their trades. But traders "might" be able to piece together non-material nonpublic information and material public information into a mosaic, which may increase in value when properly compiled and documented. The theory is also referred to more colloquially as the scuttlebutt method by Philip Fisher in "Common Stocks and Uncommon Profits".
Mosaic theory involves collecting information from different sources, public and private, to calculate the value of security. Applying the mosaic theory is as much art as it is science. An analyst gleans as many pieces of information as possible, determines if they tell a story that makes sense, and decides whether to recommend a trade. During the high profile trial of investor Raj Rajaratnam, defense attorneys used the mosaic theory to argue against allegations of insider trading. These arguments were ultimately unsuccessful and Rajaratnam was convicted and sentenced to serve eleven years in prison. 
It is also a legal theory used to uphold the classification of information, holding that a collection of unclassified information might add up into a classified whole. The theory has also been applied to legal reasoning in the context of the Fourth Amendment where the continuous use of GPS surveillance was found to violate the subject's "reasonable expectation of privacy".

</doc>
<doc id="18728050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728050" title="Reg Lindsay">
Reg Lindsay

Reginald John Lindsay OAM (7 July 1929 – 5 August 2008) was an Australian country music singer who won three Golden Guitar Awards and wrote more than five hundred songs in his fifty-year music career.
Early Years.
Born in the Sydney suburb of Waverley in 1929, Reg was two years of age when his father gave him a harmonica which he quickly mastered. He then learned how to play the banjo, mandolin, guitar and fiddle. His career ambition was to become a stockman but in 1951 he won a Sydney radio talent quest which launched his career as a singer-songwriter. In a music career of over 50 years he wrote more than 500 songs and hosted various TV shows including "The Reg Lindsay Country Hour" in 1964 which ran for eight years, followed by his own TV program, "Country Homestead", which ran for four years and earned him four Logie Awards.
Honours.
He became the first Australian to appear at Nashville's Grand Ole Opry in 1974 and is officially recognised with a plaque on Nashville's Walkway of Stars. He was winner of three Golden Guitar Awards and was inducted into Australia's Country Music Hall of Fame in 1977.
In 1989 he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for his services to Australian music.
He was best known for his song "Armstrong", a tribute to the historic 1969 moon landing by American astronauts, particularly Neil Armstrong, which is now included in a time capsule at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas. The song was written by John Stewart, a member of The Kingston Trio, and gave Reg his first major hit, reaching No. 8 on the Australian Singles Chart in 1971. Also well known for "July You're A Woman", "Silence on the Line" and "Empty Arms Hotel", he recorded over 60 albums, six of which went gold.
Reg was well known for his support of numerous charities and appeared on many TV telethons to help raise money for various community organisations. He died of pneumonia on 5 August 2008 at Newcastle, New South Wales. Coincidentally, this date is also the birthday of the subject of his most famous song: Neil Armstrong.
Personal Life.
He was married twice. His first wife was Heather McKean, whose sister Joy McKean married Slim Dusty and was the mother of Anne Kirkpatrick. He was survived by his second wife Ros Winfield.

</doc>
<doc id="18728053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728053" title="Kirkharle">
Kirkharle

Kirkharle (otherwise Kirk Harle) is a hamlet in the county of Northumberland in Northern England located about west of the town of Morpeth, just to the west of the crossroads of the A696 and B6342 roads. 
Landmarks.
Kirkharle Hall was a country house at Kirkharle, the former seat of the Loraine family, now much reduced and in use as a farmhouse.
A mile to the north of Kirkharle is Little Harle Tower, an 18th and 19th century mansion which incorporates a 15th or 16th century pele tower.
Religious sites.
Before the village gained the "kirk" (church) element it was called Herle (recorded 1177)
. Herle comes from the Old English "Herela-lea" which means "Herela's Grove" or "herg-leah" which means "temple-grove", a place of worship for the pre-Christian Angles. Other early forms included Kyrkeherle (c.1250), Kyrkherll (1346) and Kirkehirle (1428).
The current church, dedicated to St Wilfrid, was built in the fourteenth century. Among the quaint epitaphs in the church upon departed Loraines is the following: "Here lyes the Body of Richard Loraine, Esq., who was a proper handsome man of good sense and behaviour : he dy'd a Batcheler of an Appoplexy walking in a green field near London, October 26th, 1738, in the 38 Year of his Age."
The Loraine Baronets acquired it by marriage the manor from the De Harles who owned it in the 14th century, and derived their name (literally "of Harle") from the village.
Notable people.
Kirkharle's most famous son is Capability Brown the notable landscape gardener whose father was employed by the Loraines at Kirkharle Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18728054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728054" title="Anopheles dirus">
Anopheles dirus

Anopheles dirus is a vector of malaria in Asian forested zones.
Taxonomy.
It is often seen as a species complex including at least seven closely related and efficient forest-based malaria vectors in Asia. Hence, its geographical distribution is overlapping with areas of high malaria prevalence rates and the occurrence of drug resistant "Plasmodium falciparum". "P. falciparum" is one of the four main protozoan parasites that cause malaria and is one of the leading causes of malaria deaths. This species complex is of high medical importance for malaria control, in view of the biological specificities of the members of this complex. Sympatric sibling species of the complex differ in types of larval habitat, seasonality and behaviour. These differences also exist within the species suggesting the role of environmental factors in determining these.
Distribution.
The complex has been reported mainly from Northeast India, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Thailand. It has also been reported from other areas in India such as Jammu & Kashmir and Andaman Islands. One of the species in the complex has also been reported from Shimoga in South India although its vectorial status is unknown. GIS-based predictive habitat modelling has revealed that over half of several Northeast Indian states, whole of Thailand and nearly a third of large areas in South Indian states like Kerala and Goa could harbour this complex.

</doc>
<doc id="18728060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728060" title="University of Santo Tomas College of Fine Arts and Design">
University of Santo Tomas College of Fine Arts and Design

The University of Santo Tomas College of Fine Arts and Design, popularly known as "UST – CFAD", is the fine arts school of the University of Santo Tomas, the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.
The Interior Design program is one of the Top Performing Interior Design programs offered by a school, in the Philippine Interior Design Licensure Examinations.
Brief history.
The College is descended from the original College of Architecture and Fine Arts (CAFA) founded in 1946, which in turn is descended from the original College of Architecture founded in 1930. In 1785, the Dominicans made the first attempt to invest art and painting with academic value and formal presence and not merely an accessory to missionary work. That year when Fr. Juan Amador was Rector-Chancellor of the University of Santo Tomas, the Academia de Bellas Artes was opened. The school, however, was not firmly established and its influence was not far-reaching for it was founded as an experiment of sort. Its training on painting functioned only for a short time because there were few enrollees to that course. The Academia later became one of the Estudios de Adorno that existed in the University of Santo Tomas, Ateneo de Manila, and Colegio de San Juan de Letran. Thus in 1935, the Dominicans of the University of Santo Tomas merely reestablished their fine art school with the primary goal of meeting the ever-present and increasing demand for good Catholic artists. It is to be an institution designed to conform to the latest and most advanced artistic theories and practices. More importantly, however, it must inculcate Christian ideals that Dominicans deemed necessary and indispensable for the efficient and ethical practice of the arts profession. From 1935 to 1939, students may choose from two areas specialization, Interior Design and Public School Arts. Interior Design was offered in order to meet the demands for professional interior designers due to construction and remodeling activities that were greater than ever. Public School Art on the other hand was, according to Director Victorio Edades (the first School Director), an answer to the immediate need of preparing future teachers of arts for private and public schools.
The college is housed in the Beato Angelico Building, the newest building in the Manila campus housing 2 colleges. The College has produced numerous National Artists like Victorio Edades, J. Elizalde Navarro, and Ang Kiukok for Visual Arts. Ildefonso Santos Jr, Juan Nakpil, and Leandro Locsin for Architecture.
About the Department.
The UST College of Fine Arts and Design upholds the University Vision of an institution that:
CFAD exists…
Administrators.
Assoc. Prof. Cynthia B. Loza, PhD – Dean
Rev. Fr. Edgardo D. Alaurin, O.P. – Regent
Inst. Jaezamie Viray-Ong – Secretary

</doc>
<doc id="18728076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728076" title="List of Premiers of Queensland by time in office">
List of Premiers of Queensland by time in office

This is a list of Premiers of Queensland by time in office. The basis of the list is the inclusive number of days between dates.

</doc>
<doc id="18728089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728089" title="Aerospace bearing">
Aerospace bearing

Aerospace bearings are the bearings installed in aircraft and aerospace systems including commercial, private, military, or space applications.
Materials include M50 tool steel (AMS6491), carbon chrome steel (AMS6444), the corrosion resistant AMS5930, 440C stainless steel, silicon nitride (ceramic) and titanium carbide-coated 440C.
Typically special attention is given to the material specification, non-destructive testing and to the traceability of the bearing (that is, a system of documents that enables an engineer to trace a bearing, typically back to its manufacturing batch and material supply).
Design.
When designing aerospace bearings, it is important to take a few things into account, including:
In order to assure bearing performance it is necessary for the bearing steel to be of high quality. Jet engine bearings are typically manufactured from metals manufactured using a vacuum arc remelt to enable material requirements to be met.
Jet engine shaft bearings and accessory drive shaft bearings normally use single piece or two piece machined retainers. The pressed steel or moulded retainers found on mass-produced bearings are not used.
Temperature and moisture resistant oils, greases and lubricants are normally specified. If the lubricant is not correct the performance of the bearing will be compromised.
Application.
In jet engines bearings can operate at over 200 degrees Celsius (400 °F) and at speeds over 10,000 rpm for the turbine shafts to over 30,000 rpm in the accessory drives. In wing control surface applications temperatures as low as may be encountered.
Monitoring.
Bearings are a vital factor in many products and assemblies and their performance is often monitored continuously. In jet engines the oil supply is monitored to detect the presence of metallic debris that could identify a failure either of the bearings or of other components whose failure may contaminate the bearings.

</doc>
<doc id="18728091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728091" title="Only If I (Kate Ryan song)">
Only If I (Kate Ryan song)

"Only If I" is the sixth single of the female Belgian dance singer Kate Ryan and was released in 2003 in Belgium. It was taken from her second studio album "Stronger". It peaked #16 and was less successful there than the three former singles.
After the international success in 2002 and 2003 with the singles "Désenchantée" (#9 in European Top 200) and "Libertine" (#26) (originally by Mylène Farmer), "Only If I" only peaked #74 in the European Top 200.
Chart performances.
In Belgium (Flanders), the single started at #34, before reaching #16, its peak position. Then it dropped slowly, staying only three weeks in the top 20 and 11 on the whole chart (top 50).
Other chart runnings were also rather disappointing.

</doc>
<doc id="18728095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728095" title="Fimmvörðuháls">
Fimmvörðuháls

Fimmvörðuháls (; Icelandic for "five cairns pass") is the area between the glaciers Eyjafjallajökull and Mýrdalsjökull in southern Iceland. The route between Skógar and Thórsmörk goes through this pass and is one of the most popular walking routes in Iceland, despite being 22 km long and involving 1,000 m of climbing. At Fimmvörðuháls, there is a comfortable, modern mountain hut owned by Útivist, one of the Icelandic hiking associations. Also nearby is an older, less well-equipped hut called Baldvinsskáli. The route from Skógar is particularly beautiful, as numerous waterfalls are passed along the way. The route is only accessible between mid-June and late-August. On the night of 16 May 1970, three travellers died in the mountain pass in a snowstorm.
It is also possible to combine the Fimmvörðuháls route with the Laugavegur trek between Landmannalaugar and Thórsmörk to make a trip of 4–6 days in length.
2010 eruption.
On 20 March 2010, an eruption of the Eyjafjallajökull volcano began in Fimmvörðuháls following months of small earthquakes under the Eyjafjallajökull glacier. The eruption began around 23:00 and opened a long fissure vent on the northern part of the pass.
Just over a week later, the Fimmvörðuháls eruption produced a -long fissure and new craters were seen erupting on a northward path 
toward the area of Thórsmörk, a popular tourist nature preserve, prompting tours to stop briefly as volcanologists assessed the situation further. The two new craters at Fimmvörduháls were named Magni and Móði, after the sons of Thor, the Norse god of thunder. It is an apt name because Thórsmörk is close to the craters. The new lava field was named Goðahraun, because the lava streamed in the area Goðaland. These official names were accepted by the Minister of Education and Culture 15 June 2010.
In April 2010, this was followed by a larger eruption on Eyjafjallajökull itself, and there are fears that this will trigger an even larger eruption of nearby Katla.

</doc>
<doc id="18728115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728115" title="R81">
R81

R81 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18728139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728139" title="Jock Whyte">
Jock Whyte

John N. "Jock" Whyte (7 May 1921 – 1998) was a Scottish professional footballer who played for Bedlay, Falkirk, Bradford City, and Wigan Athletic.
Whyte spent one season at Wigan, making 26 appearances during the 1957–58 season of the Lancashire Combination.

</doc>
<doc id="18728155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728155" title="John Whyte">
John Whyte

John Whyte may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18728163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728163" title="Liu Wen Zheng">
Liu Wen Zheng

Liu Wen Zheng or Steven Liu (; born 12 November 1952) is a former Taiwanese celebrity.
Liu is the youngest son of a well to do family and a favorite of his mother. He had initially planned to follow the path of his siblings, a brother and two sisters, to further his education overseas after college. However, this was shelved after he won the singing contest which led to a contract with the Taiwan TV station, Tai Shi at the age of 17.
Liu first started performing with his band - Zheng Wu in "Xu Hui Zhong Xue", a Catholic school he attended. According to Liu, his interest in music was encouraged by a priest who was a fan of pop music there.
His first album "Nuo Yen" (The Promise), released in 1975, launched his singing career when it became an instant hit. Liu’s path to super-stardom was smooth, due to his distinctive vocal styles and good looks. Early in his career, he often wore a white scarf when performing and this evolved into his signature look.
He won the prestigious Jing Zhong Jiang for "Best Male Singer" three times, in the year 1980, 82 and 83. At the height of his career, Liu commanded an appearance fee of NT$240,000 per night. He released close to 40 albums and acted in over a dozen movies, in which he co-starred with some of the most popular female actresses like Brigitte Lin, Shirley Lu and Sylvia Chang.
In 1983, the then 30-year old Liu announced unexpectedly that he would give up the limelight and focus on developing his career backstage. In numerous interviews, Liu explained that he could see no further breakthroughs and wished to retire at the peak of his career. He wanted to expand his horizons and not limit a lifetime to entertainment business. 
He subsequently set up a production company "Fei Ying" to groom young talents but the company was wound up in 1991 when he immigrated to the United States.
In 1991, he consented to a rare phone interview with a Singapore radio station during which the usually private Liu talked briefly about his personal life. He described his childhood as happy and himself as an easy going and optimistic child who was quite oblivious to his future career as a singer as he had no interest in music till he was in college. As to why he remained unmarried, Liu attributed it to his independent character and a reluctance to settle down. He felt that a long term relationship required a level of commitment and responsibility that were difficult to maintain in the entertainment industry. Despite his then 30 odd years, he felt that he has yet to achieve a level of maturity necessary to play the role of a husband and father. Asked if it was due to that fact that he loved himself so well that he did not require love from another, he laughingly replied, "It appears to be a little problem there" 
Though Liu is known for his glamourous image, he revealed that the glittering outfits and flashy stage performances were part of the deliverables as a celebrity. Now retired from show biz, he confessed to a preference for comfortable and simple clothes. His taste for food is also undemanding and is happy with a bowl of "Zha Jiang Mien" and "dumplings". His first love is travel, especially to big, modern cities that offer arts and culture like New York and Tokyo. He once said that he doesn't like staying in hotels when he travels and his dream is to have a "small apartment in every city I love". 
Despite his superstar status, Liu maintains an impeccable reputation in the entertainment industry. Insiders describe him as gentlemanly, quiet and reserved off stage.
Liu now resides in New York. He is said to be a savvy property investor with assets spanning many countries. He has no plans to return to show business.

</doc>
<doc id="18728198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728198" title="R97">
R97

R97 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18728205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728205" title="Gilgal (kibbutz)">
Gilgal (kibbutz)

Gilgal () is a kibbutz and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley around 16 kilometres north of Jericho with an area of 1,400 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 162.
The village was established in 1970 as a Nahal settlement, and was named after the ancient Biblical site of Gilgal, which is thought to have been located at Khirbet al-Mafjir two kilometres south-east of Jericho. It was converted to a civilian kibbutz in 1973.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18728209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728209" title="PIAS Entertainment Group">
PIAS Entertainment Group

Headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, the group has over 200 employees, with offices in the UK, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Ireland, Spain, the United States, and Australia. PIAS Recordings is the group's recorded music division.
The group was founded in 1981 by Kenny Gates and Michel Lambot, who are still the co-presidents of the Group.
History.
Michel Lambot and Kenny Gates met circa September 1981 at Michel’s record store then called “Casablanca Moon”, exclusively selling records from independent labels and they quickly became friends.
In June 1982 the store “Casablanca Moon” was closed down and they made plans to start an import company named “Play It Again Sam”. Play It Again Sam started importing from the UK in October 1982 and were based in the basement of in Kenny's parents' house in Brussels, Belgium. Michel and Kenny were then respectively 21 and 19 years old.
The company was incorporated in March 1983 with a starting capital of €5000 and the strategy rapidly became to be a “distributor” rather than an importer / wholesaler; that meant offering a full range of services to labels, such as promotion and marketing.
They started up a distribution company in the UK in 1988; in the Netherlands in 1989, in France in 1994, in Germany in 1998 and in Spain in 2001. is the group's in-house recorded music division, comprising two labels, Play It Again Sam and Different Recordings, headquartered in 's UK office in Bermondsey, London.
In early 2013, acquired Cooperative Music (and the Coop-owned V2 Records label) from Universal Music Group.
2011 Warehouse Fire.
On 8 August 2011, during the 2011 England Riots, a Sony DADC warehouse in the London Borough of Enfield which also acted as PIAS' primary distribution center was destroyed by fire. Most of PIAS' inventory was considered lost including records from the over 100 British independent labels which PIAS distributes. Several album and single releases were affected by the fire, including the Arctic Monkeys single "The Hellcat Spangled Shalalala", the Battles single "My Machines" and the Charlie Simpson album "Young Pilgrim". The total stock loss was reported to be between 3.5 million and 25 million units.
Distributed Labels.
PIAS Entertainment group distributes over 100 independent labels in the United Kingdom and Ireland, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18728216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728216" title="Franklin (tree)">
Franklin (tree)

Franklin is a giant sequoia in Giant Forest, a sequoia grove where the largest tree in the world lives - the General Sherman. The Franklin tree is the eighth largest giant sequoia in the world. It was named by Wendell Flint after Benjamin Franklin. Nearby trees include the Washington Tree which was once the second largest tree in the world, but since it lost half its trunk in 2005 many sequoias are now larger. 
Giant Forest, famed for its giant sequoia trees, is within Sequoia National Park. The forest, at over in elevation, is located in the western Sierra Nevada of California. Four out of the ten largest trees by volume on the planet are said to be within the Giant Forest. The largest, the General Sherman tree, measures across the base.

</doc>
<doc id="18728228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728228" title="Melissa Ann Tan">
Melissa Ann Tan

Melissa Ann Tan, Miss Malaysia Universe 2006.
Background.
Melissa Ann Tan was born in Melaka on 13 July 1981. She is of Dutch, Portuguese and Chinese descent. She graduated from Australia’s Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology with a degree in Economics and Finance.
Miss Malaysia Universe 2006.
She won the title of Miss Malaysia Universe in 2006. She then represented Malaysia in the Miss Universe 2006 pageant which was televised live internationally from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on July 23, 2006. In that year Zuleyka Rivera from Puerto Rico placed first.

</doc>
<doc id="18728230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728230" title="Khairul Azman Mohamed">
Khairul Azman Mohamed

Khairul Azman Mohamed (born March 5, 1968) is a former Malaysian footballer who was a goalkeeper for Pahang, Sabah and the Malaysia national football team.
Career.
Azman started his football career with Pahang youth team in 1985. At that time he was only seventeen and he was the best youth goalkeeper for Pahang. His impressive performance with the Pahang youth team had attract him to represent Malaysia at the ASEAN School Championship at Jakarta, Indonesia. He was then chosen to be the part of Pahang FA senior squad during 1985 season.
In 1991, he was chosen to be the part of Malaysia national football team. His memorable games at the international arena are against England national football team where Malaysia lost 2–4 against the world giant. 1993 saw him clinch his first international title after helping Malaysia to defeat South Korea 3–1 at the 1993 Merdeka Tournament. During his time with the national team, Khairul said his feared player at the international arena is the Saudi Arabian forward Khalid al-Muwalid during the 1994 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC). He also feared Alistair Edwards of Johor FA in the Malaysia League.
During his time with Pahang, he helped the "Tok Gajah" to win 1992 Malaysia Cup and runner-ups during 1994 and 1995 Malaysia Cup. After the 1995 season ended without winning any trophy, he transferred to Sabah FA,East Malaysia.
During his days with Sabah FA, he enjoyed many great success with "The Rhinos". He won the Malaysian FA Cup in his first season with Sabah. Then, he helped Sabah to clinch their first Malaysian League title at 1996 season and brought Sabah to their first Malaysia Cup final. Sabah eventually lost their first final to Selangor by penalties but his impressive performance voted him as the Best Player during 1996 Malaysia Cup. He was then chosen to represent Malaysia at the 1996 Tiger Cup. He helped the Malaysia national football team to finish second after losing to Thailand 1–0.
He also played for Malaysia national futsal team, and was in the squad that took part in the 1996 FIFA Futsal World Championship in Spain.
In 2002 and 2003 season he helped Sabah to their second and third finals. However, he again failed to help Sabah to clinch Malaysia Cup title after again losing to Selangor 1–0 in 2002 and 3–0 to Selangor MPPJ FC in 2003. Khairul was named the best goalkeeper in Southeast Asia in 1995. He officially retired from football during 2005 season after he failed to recover from an injury.
Coaching career.
After retired from playing football, Khairul Azman decided to became goalkeeper coach. He worked as a Sabah FA goalkeeper coach for four years and produce talent like Sabah's current goalkeeper Irwan Jamil. For the 2009 season Sabah FA replaced him for new senior team goalkeeper coach, Awal Taham.
In 2013, he moves to Darul Takzim FC to become their new goalkeepers' coach.
Life after retirement.
Khairul now leads a simple and quiet life with his wife Khairiah alias Caren John Bion in Penampang and their child. Khairul is currently unemployed and depends solely on a monthly pension of RM540 from the Social Security Organisation. His right knee does not have any ligaments, tendon or meniscus, key components that links limbs. His left knee is without ligaments and tendon. He has stated that he could not afford the RM16,000 needed for the operation to do tendon or ligament replacements. In an interview with New Straits Times he said "if I can have this surgery, I wish to return to coaching or even contribute to sports development in whatever manner. I will advise young athletes to take care of their health and not end up like me."
Achievements.
Club.
With Sabah FA
With Pahang FA

</doc>
<doc id="18728254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728254" title="Etchūjima Station">
Etchūjima Station

Lines.
Etchūjima Station is served by the Keiyō Line between and , and is located 2.8 km from the western terminus of the line at Tokyo. Only all-stations stop at this station.
Station layout.
The station is located underground, with the station concourse on the 1st basement level and the platforms on the 2nd basement level. The station has one island platform serving two tracks.
History.
The station opened on 10 March 1990.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 4,011 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="18728299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728299" title="The Stables">
The Stables

The Stables (also known as The Stables Theatre) is a music venue situated in Wavendon, a small village on the south-east edge of Milton Keynes. 
The Stables hosts over 350 concerts and around 250 education events a year including the National Youth Music Camps which take place over the summer.
History.
The Stables was founded by Sir John Dankworth and Dame Cleo Laine in 1970 in the old stables block in the grounds of their home. It was an immediate success with 47 concerts given in the first year. It now presents over 350 concerts and around 250 education events in its two spaces: The 400 seat Jim Marshall Auditorium and 80 seat studio space - Stage 2. On 6th February 2010 it celebrated its 40th anniversary with a gala concert which was tinged with sadness because of the death earlier in the day of Sir John Dankworth. The venue was completely rebuilt in 2000, with the new foyer following the plan of the original theatre, with a subsequent development in 2007 to create Stage 2. 
The Stables has hosted internationally renowned performers including Dave Brubeck, Amy Winehouse, Joan Armatrading, Courtney Pine, Janis Ian, Craig David, Beverly Knight, 10cc, Uriah Heep, Jamie Cullum, Bill Wyman, Cerys Matthews, Nigel Kennedy, Nils Lofgren, Steve Hackett, James Galway, Beth Neilsen Chapman and Curtis Stigers. 
It has hosted many live broadcasts including BBC Radio 2's "Live From The Stables" series, BBC Radio 3 recitals and recordings of CDs and DVDs including Never The Bride. The Stables commissioned "The Harbour of Songs" album, produced by Adrian McNally from the Unthanks and released on Proper Records in July 2012. It includes songs by Guy Chambers, Janis Ian, The Unthanks, Villagers, Sarah Blasko, Ian MacMillan, Ralph McTell and Nick Hornby.
Its learning and participation programme features workshops, masterclasses and residential courses. Alumni from the National Youth Music Camps, founded by Avril Dankworth, include Guy Chambers, Dominic Miller, and Thom Yorke.
Organisation structure.
The Stables is run by a group of four companies:
A holding company, Wavendon Allmusic Plan Ltd (WAP), is a private company limited by guarantee and a registered charity (no 261645) with an aim to engage the widest range of people with music in all its diversity. It is managed by a board of trustees which is responsible for policy and strategic direction. Then there are three wholly owned subsidiary companies, Stables Theatre Ltd, Stables Events Ltd and Stables Trading Ltd, which carry out the operational activities of the company. 
Dame Cleo Laine is Life President and Dame Evelyn Glennie and Sir George Martin both patrons. Monica Ferguson is the Chief Executive and Artistic Director. The Stables also produces IF: Milton Keynes International Festival a multi-arts festival that engages people with music and sound in surprising ways in unusual spaces and places. The biennial festival, founded in 2010, runs for 10 days in July across central Milton Keynes. 
The Stables is supported by around 300 volunteers and provides training and apprenticeships.
External links.
www.ifmiltonkeynes.org

</doc>
<doc id="18728320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728320" title="Asteroscopus sphinx">
Asteroscopus sphinx

The Sprawler "(Asteroscopus sphinx)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found throughout western Europe, from Spain to southern Sweden and in Central Europe, the Caucasus and Asia Minor.
The wingspan is 39–49 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–22 mm. The moth flies in one generation in from early September to November .
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs, such as "Corylus avellana", "Quercus", "Fraxinus excelsior" and "Salix".

</doc>
<doc id="18728330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728330" title="Alessio Chiodi">
Alessio Chiodi

Alessio Chiodi (born March 17, 1973 in Salò) is an Italian former three-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Biography.
He was the 1997 F.I.M. world champion in the 125cc class on a Yamaha. The following year he switched to the Husqvarna factory racing team and repeated as 125cc world champion. In 1999, Chiodi won his third consecutive 125cc world championship, also on a Husqvarna. Chiodi moved to America in 2000 to compete in the AMA national championships without success. Afterwards, he returned to Europe to compete in the world championships before switching to the four-stroke world championships. Chiodi was a member of the winning Italian teams in the 1999 and 2002 Motocross des Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18728335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728335" title="Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist">
Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist

The Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist is a diocese in the Anglican Church of Southern Africa, in the geographical area of the Limpopo province in the north of South Africa.
History.
The area now known as the Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist used to be part of the Anglican Diocese of Pretoria. The Anglican church in the North was administered by the Diocesan Administrator and Bishops in Pretoria. The ordination of deacons and priests was done at St Albans Cathedral in Pretoria. The Bishop and Suffragan Bishop of the Diocese of Pretoria would visit the area to take confirmation services and to preside at other special occasions. Suffragan Bishop John Ruston was sent to Polokwane (then, Pietersburg) to oversee the northern region of the Diocese of Pretoria. Under his leadership a new diocese was established in the North by the name of St Mark the Evangelist. The Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist was inaugurated on 16 May 1987. 
Philip Le Feuvre was elected a bishop in August 1987 and consecrated as the first bishop of the new diocese on 30 January 1988. Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Metropolitan and Bishop of Anglican Diocese of Cape Town, conducted the service held at Christ Church Polokwane. Bishop Philip's vision was for a diocese that would be involved in evangelism and church planting across the Limpopo Province, the least evangelised area of South Africa. His forthright devotion to mission fundamentals typified the work of St Mark the Evangelist’s first bishop. 
Martin Breytenbach was installed as the second bishop of the diocese on 12 February 2000. The service was conducted by the recently retired Bishop Duncan Buchanan, Anglican Diocese of Johannesburg on behalf of the Metropolitan. The service was held at the Mokopane College of Education in the Parish of Mahwelereng.
Administration.
The diocese shadows the geographical area of the Limpopo Province. Given the size, the diocese has been divided into sub-regions, known as Archdeaconries, to facilitate better administrative and leadership processes. The diocese initially had only four Archdeaconries, which corresponded with the four main roads in the Limpopo Province. They were the Archdeaconries of the North, Centre, South and Mopani. Due to the multiplication of parishes in 2008, another Archdeaconry was added in 2009 and some of the parishes re-allocated. The archdeaconries and parishes that fall under them are as follows:
Archdeaconry of the North
Archdeaconry of the Centre
Capricorn Archdeaconry
Southern Archdeaconry
Mopani Archdeaconry
Synods.
A Synod is the highest decision-making body of the diocese. A Bishop may assemble a Synod as often as he thinks fit and shall not do so less than once every three years. Clergy and lay people are summoned to the Synod at least four months before the appointed sitting of Synod. The summons is by citation under the Bishop's hand and seal. Diocesan organisations such as the Anglican Women's Fellowship, Mothers' Union and Anglican Students' Federation elect a person to represent them on Synod.
A session of Synod is convened and run with very formal procedures. Motions, proposals and reports must be submitted to a duly constituted Synod Committee before Synod commences. Synod business is arranged and compiled into an Agenda book, which is circulated several weeks before the start of Synod. Synod is opened with a celebration of the Holy Communion. After the Nicene Creed the Registrar, confirms that a quorum is present and informs the Bishop. The Bishop then declares the Synod open.
Synod business typically deals with a report from the Finance Board, reports from Diocesan Boards and Institutions, actions from resolutions passed at previous Synods, motions and proposals, and elections to Diocesan and Provincial offices/boards. One of the most important aspects of a Synod is the Bishop's Charge to Synod, which outlines his vision, priorities and challenges to the diocese.
Jane Furse Memorial Hospital.
Michael Bolton Furse and American wife, Frances, moved to South Africa from England in 1903. Their only child, a daughter, Jane was born on 19 August 1904. In 1909 Michael Furse was consecrated the Bishop of Pretoria . When Bishop Michael trekked around the vast Anglican Diocese of Pretoria, Jane would sometimes accompany him. She became sorrowfully aware of the poverty and disease rife among the African people. She made up her mind to be a doctor in order to serve them. But Jane contracted scarlet fever and died on 3 August 1918. She was buried at a cemetery in Irene in Pretoria.
In 1921 work began on a hospital to be built in her memory in a part of the diocese known as Sekhukhuneland. The hospital was named the Jane Furse Memorial Hospital. It grew in reputation in South Africa and internationally as a centre of excellence. The greater part of the medical staff came from the United Kingdom, supplemented by doctors from Canada, New Zealand, Zimbabwe, Germany and South Africa. Medical students came from the USA, Germany and Israel to gain valuable experience. As the mission hospital grew, so did the town, businesses and services around Jane Furse, which eventually become known by the name of the hospital.
On the 1 May 1976 the hospital was taken over by the Lebowa Government at the insistence of the South African government. As part of the process of land restitution in the Limpopo Province, the extensive hospital complex and agricultural grounds were returned to the Anglican Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist in 2004. The government remained in control of the hospital while a new complex was being built on the outskirts of the town of Jane Furse. 
When the hospital was decommissioned in 2008 and moved into the new Jane Furse Hospital, everything of value, including items of historical interest, were stripped and sold off, leaving the buildings derelict. The Anglican Diocese of St Mark the Evangelist is seeking compensation from the relevant government departments for the damage to the property. 
A slow process of rehabilitating the Jane Furse Memorial Hospital and grounds for use of a range of non-medical activities is being undertaken, in the hope that it can once again be a place of service to the surrounding community. It currently houses the Jane Furse fire brigade, a post-natal clinic, a crèche and a centre for disabled children. An NGO is using part of the agricultural land to train people in appropriate small-scale farming techniques. A drop-in centre for children is also housed next door to the old hospital complex and St Mark’s College.

</doc>
<doc id="18728346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728346" title="Darker My Love (album)">
Darker My Love (album)

Darker My Love is the first album by L.A. band Darker My Love. It was released on 22 August 2006 by Dangerbird Records.
Reviews.
AbsolutePunk.net - "This band is the perfect band for your next head trip. Echoing post-punk guitars complete with sprawling effects arch through the groups debut, taking the listener on a journey that seems only accomplish-able when under the influence... while the album isn't really an experience in the vein of bands like My Bloody Valentine are in the realm of psychedelic rock, Darker My Love are on the right track to assuming a cult status in the weed-soaked culture of psychedelic rock as So-Cal fans' 'little awesome band.'" 
Punknews.org - "Psych-rock has not seen a debut this solid since Jesus and Mary Chain’s Psychocandy. Originally a side project featuring members of the Distillers and Nerve Agents, California’s Darker My Love break out with a sound no one was to expect from punk rockers. The sound is fuzzy, trippy, drowned in reverb, and guitar driven... Layered, textured music is making a huge comeback, and Darker My Love are reveling in all its trappings."
Treblezine.com - "The truth is, Darker My Love, the debut album from the quartet, is so chock full of psychedelic, feedback laden goodness, that it just simply has to be the Doublestuff Oreos. If you enhance the experience by turning on the lava lamp, dim the room lights and fire up that black light; you're effectively creating the Cartman favorite `quadruplestuff,' making it the ultimate DML experience. So, stop crying about a world without Kevin Shields, and how the Reid brothers will never get back together, and how there will never be another band like the Velvet Underground and pick up "Darker My Love"."
SpaceLab.TV - "The long awaited debut from Los Angeles' Darker My Love has arrived, and so has the band. On their self-titled debut album, they kick their sound over the top repeatedly in a very grandiose fashion. Few bands seem to capture the magic of a live performance on a recording, but these guys seem to have done it. Each track on the album oozes life and energy... it's like being at the show."

</doc>
<doc id="18728350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728350" title="Atethmia centrago">
Atethmia centrago

The Centre-barred Sallow (Atethmia centrago) is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe except the far north.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The length of the forewings is 15–18 mm. The moth flies in one generation in from August to early October .
The caterpillars mainly feed on ash.

</doc>
<doc id="18728358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728358" title="Víctor Pons">
Víctor Pons

Víctor Pons (April 5, 1935-November 11, 1999) was a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Puerto Rico and Secretary of State of Puerto Rico.
Born in Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico, he was appointed by Governor Rafael Hernández Colón, Pons headed the high court from 1985 until 1992, succeeding Chief Justice José Trías Monge.
A prominent private sector attorney, Pons managed Hernández Colón's electoral campaigns before holding public office.

</doc>
<doc id="18728373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728373" title="Online research community">
Online research community

An Online research community (part of Research 2.0) is a part of an emerging and developing area in market research making use of developments in Web 2.0 technologies and online communities. They allow qualitative research to be conducted efficiently and deeply online.
Both public and private online communities offer opportunities for research, but many brands are wary of sharing company information openly. Invitation-only, private online communities centred on a single brand or customer segment may be the solution. These private communities can also engage customer groups or target consumers who might be difficult to reach using traditional off-line methodologies. Consumers enjoy this new, more participative research approach and the interaction with other users re-introduces the social context often missing from other research approaches that conceive of the consumer as an isolated individual.
Brands also benefit from online communities by having them on-hand to answer questions, test hypotheses, and observe. Online technology can adapt to almost any research need, be it showing creative stimulus material, gathering ideas for innovation and co-creation or simply an instant ‘go/no go’ when you need it. The continuity built through online networks brings new possibilities for supporting ideation processes. With a group of people on board, research can keep pace with internal development processes, providing a consumer feedback loop to check new ideas, such as product development, from inception to launch.
In an online research community members (rather than respondents) talk to each other - they exchange ideas and discuss issues with each other. Unlike a panel this lets you watch how people interact and let them raise the questions you want to ask. You can get richer responses because you get to see how members talk about issues, what language they use. You see what questions they ask each other, which may not be the ones you’d choose to ask them. It’s all about seeing members in their social context. Without this interaction, this sense of community, you essentially have a panel of respondents. People who answer the questions in isolation of each other. You don’t see how they interact with others and can’t understand why they give the responses they do.

</doc>
<doc id="18728385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728385" title="National Youth Orchestra of Wales">
National Youth Orchestra of Wales

The National Youth Orchestra of Wales (), founded in 1945, has the distinction of being the first national youth orchestra in the world and is Europe’s longest-standing national youth orchestra. 
Based in the capital, Cardiff, the orchestra has an impressive history which has merited attention both within Wales and beyond.
Organisation.
The orchestra (abbreviation NYOW) numbers around 115 young players aged between 13 – 21 years who are auditioned and drawn from all over Wales, and who represent some of Wales' most talented young musicians. 
The NYOW performs in some of the most prestigious concert halls in Europe including St David's Hall (Cardiff), the Bridgewater Hall (Manchester), the National Concert Hall (Dublin), Waterfront Hall (Belfast), Town Hall (Birmingham), Beethovensaal (Stuttgart), the Salle Erasme (Strasbourg) the Konzerthaus am Gendarmenmarkt (Berlin), and most recently La Mortella on the island of Ischia, Italy 
Successive generations of players have benefited from the guidance and tuition of internationally-recognised professional musicians, many of them former members of the orchestra, and many well-known Welsh composers have been commissioned to write new works for the orchestra, such as Grace Williams, David Wynne, Daniel Jones, Arwel Hughes, former member Karl Jenkins, and founder member of the orchestra Alun Hoddinott. (Two dozen pairs of clogs were needed for the Orchestra's premiere of Karl Jenkins' Scenes From Wales in 2000.) 
Conductors.
Unlike many youth orchestras which perform under the baton of an annual guest conductor the NYOW has traditionally appointed a resident Principal Conductor and Musical Director. These have included Clarence Raybould (1945–1966), Arthur Davison (1967–1990), Elgar Howarth (1991–1995), Christopher Adey (1996–2002), and Owain Arwel Hughes OBE (2003-2010). 2011's concert series was conducted by Takuo Yuasa.
Courses.
A residential course is normally held in the summer, followed by a short tour comprising four or five concerts. 
Since 2001 the National Youth Orchestra of Wales and the BBC National Orchestra of Wales have worked together on projects culminating in joint concerts or recordings, giving young players the opportunity to play alongside some of the best orchestral players in Britain.
Auditions.
Candidates are accepted for audition on the approval of their county Head of Music Service and are expected to support music activity at school/college and county level. The minimum standard for all instruments (except harp) is Grade VIII. Harpists may play at Grade VI. 
Auditions take place throughout the autumn around Wales and at selected centres in England for those studying away from home.
History.
1945 Orchestra founded by Irwyn Walters<br>
1946 First concert at the Rolls Hall, Monmouth <br>
1948 First appearance at the National Eisteddfod where the first recordings were made for future broadcasting<br>
1953 First broadcast to the Commonwealth to mark the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth<br>
1955 The NYOW appeared at the Edinburgh Festival<br>
1956 First record launched by Qualiton Records<br>
1957 First concert tour abroad
Repertoire.
Vaughan Williams' Symphony No.2 featured in an all British-programme in 2008, alongside the Celtic Dances of Welsh composer, William Mathias. A former member of the National Youth Theatre of Wales, Hollywood actor Matthew Rhys narrated the first-ever Welsh translation of Britten's Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra in a NYOW concert at St David's Hall, on 7 August as part of the National Eisteddfod in Cardiff.
The 2009 programme included Arwel Hughes Prelude for Orchestra, Tchaikovsky Swan Lake Ballet Suite and Mahler Symphony No. 1, with the orchestra performing at Aberystwyth Arts Centre; Prichard-Jones Hall, Bangor; Adrian Boult Hall, Birmingham; The Sage, Gateshead; Three Choirs Festival, Hereford Cathedral and St David's Hall, Cardiff
The 2010 programme included Brian Hughes's Troad, Claude Debussy's La mer, and Rachmaninoff's Symphony No. 2. The orchestra performed at St David's Cathedral; Aberystwyth Arts Centre; St David's Hall, Cardiff; St Asaph's Cathedral; and RNCM Concert Hall, Manchester.
2011's repertoire included Hilary Tann's From the Feather to the Mountain, Liszt's Tasso and Prokofiev's Symphony No. 5. Concerts were held at William Aston Hall, Glyndŵr University, Wrexham; The Sage Gateshead; RNCM Concert Hall, Manchester; and St David's Hall, Cardiff.

</doc>
<doc id="18728398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728398" title="Boris Yoffe">
Boris Yoffe

Boris Yoffe (born 21 December 1968 in St. Petersburg) is a Russian-born Israeli composer, resident of Karlsruhe, Germany.
Biography.
Boris Yoffe initially studied violin but turned to composing early, premiering his first works in the St. Petersburg Philharmonic in 1983. 
He emigrated to Israel before the break-up of Soviet Union, and completed his composition studies at the Rubin Academy of Music at Tel Aviv University. Later he moved to Karlsruhe, Germany to study with Wolfgang Rihm in 1997. Around that time, the composer began composing a series of short one-page pieces for string quartet. These were given a performance at ZKM in Karlsruhe in May 2003 and recorded on the ECM label by the Rosamunde Quartett with the Hilliard Ensemble.
His wife is the pianist Angela Yoffe.

</doc>
<doc id="18728400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728400" title="Autographa pulchrina">
Autographa pulchrina

The Beautiful Golden Y "(Autographa pulchrina)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe and the Caucasus.
The wingspan is 35–40 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–20 mm. The moth flies in one or two generations in from May to June and August to September in case of a second generation .
The larvae feed on low plants such as nettle, honeysuckle, "Stachys sylvatica" and "Jacobaea vulgaris".

</doc>
<doc id="18728405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728405" title="Balthasar Seña">
Balthasar Seña

Balthasar Seña (b. at Barcelona, Spain, about 1590; d. at Guarambare, Paraguay, 19 July 1614) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary and linguist in South America.
Life.
He entered the Jesuit novitiate at Tarragona, Aragon, in 1608. Before completing his studies he volunteered for the Guarani missions of Paraguay, and sailed from Lisbon in company with the veteran missionary, Father Juan Romero, in 1610, continuing his studies on the voyage. 
The rest of his life was spent at the Guarani mission town of Guarambare or with the Itatines, whose language he studied and reduced to dictionary form. He defended them against slave-dealers, and declined an offered preferment at Santa Fe in order to remain with his mission work.
Attending the sick throughout a contagious epidemic, he himself fell ill and died. His remains were afterwards taken up and reinterred at the Jesuit college at Asuncion.

</doc>
<doc id="18728422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728422" title="Niran">
Niran

Niran ( or ) is a kibbutz and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley near Jericho, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council and is located in Area C. In 2006 it had a population of 80, 30 of whom were new arrivals. 
Niran was established on June 18, 1971 as a Nahal settlement, or military outpost, by the Nahal Command in collaboration with the Agricultural Settlement Department of the Jewish Agency on land prepared by the Jewish National Fund. Niran began its existence as "a tented outpost of a few dozen persons." The barren conditions required that soil be carried up from surrounding valleys to make agriculture viable. During its time as a military outpost, it was used to prevent armed infiltration from Jordan and as a disciplinary assignment for delinquent Israeli soldiers. It was demilitarized and converted to a civilian kibbutz in 1977. It is named after the biblical city of Naaran.
The kibbutz organizes workshops on Zionism, Judaism and Israeli society. Some members of the kibbutz work in the date groves or at the local plastics factory, P.V.Ran, which manufactures packaging and wrappings for food products in compliance with international standards.
The ruins of a 6th-century synagogue were discovered in Naaran, a short distance from the kibbutz. The site contains an ancient mosaic and archeological treasures and attracts both worshippers and pilgrims. In May 2012, the ancient synagogue was vandalized with graffiti that included swastikas and Palestinian flags. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18728424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728424" title="The Radio One Recordings">
The Radio One Recordings

The Radio One Recordings is a compilation album of British musician Gary Numan tracks played live and recorded live for BBC Radio 1. The album brings together the tracks from the July 1989 EP of Tubeway Army's 10 January 1979 and Numan's 29 May 1979 sessions for disc jockey John Peel's show and three tracks broadcast by BBC Radio 1 from the Year of the Child concert held at Wembley Arena on 30 November 1979.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Gary Numan.

</doc>
<doc id="18728445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728445" title="Brachionycha nubeculosa">
Brachionycha nubeculosa

The Rannoch Sprawler "(Brachionycha nubeculosa)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 48–60 mm. The forewings are brown. The moth flies from March to April .
The larvae feed on birch, willow, "Populus tremula", "Prunus padus", "Lonicera xylosteum", "Tilia", "Rhamnus frangula" and "Aster" species.

</doc>
<doc id="18728454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728454" title="Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport">
Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport

The Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport is a small airport near Pisco in Peru.
It is used by the Peruvian Army, but it can be also used by civil airplanes. Peruvian Airlines will start flights between Pisco, Cusco and Lima on June 5. Also, from 2012, a new terminal will be open and will allow international flights operations, along with cargo flights. The new terminal building is under construction and is expected to enter in service since July 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="18728462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728462" title="Rietveld (software)">
Rietveld (software)

Rietveld is a web-based collaborative code review tool for Subversion written by Guido van Rossum to run on Google's cloud service. Van Rossum based Rietveld on the experience he had writing Mondrian. Mondrian was a proprietary application used internally by Google to review their code.
"Gerrit" is a fork of Rietveld started because ACL patches would not get integrated into Rietveld.
Name.
Rietveld was named, by its author Guido van Rossum, after Gerrit Rietveld who was ""one of favorite Dutch architects and the designer of the Zig-Zag chair.""

</doc>
<doc id="18728464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728464" title="Zerich">
Zerich

Zerich Capital Management is one of the oldest and largest investment financial companies in Russia. 
The core divisions are: securities sales and trading, investment banking, and asset management.
Zerich Capital Management (ZCM) was set up in 1993, at the very beginning of the stock market establishment in Russian Federation. The company is one of the Top-10 leaders on Russian equity market with particular focus on Internet trading. 
ZCM’s market share is 3%, and its shareholders capital is $5.73 million (2007). The Company has a wide range of agency outlets countrywide (more than 30 towns of Russia including major financial centers: St.Petersburg, Ekaterinburg, Novosibirsk, Nizhni Novgorod, Rostov-on-Don, Samara, Kazan, Tyumen, Yaroslavl etc.). Zerich Capital Management serves about 5000 clients, including legal entities, which bring more than $0.6 million of net income annually. The firm employs 110 people.
Company Structure.
Zerich Financial Group consists of:

</doc>
<doc id="18728466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728466" title="Lachesis melanocephala">
Lachesis melanocephala

Lachesis melanocephala is a venomous pitviper species found in Costa Rica. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description.
Adults frequently grow to 1.9–2 m (6.2-6.6 ft) in total length. The largest reported specimens were 2.3 m (7.5 ft) by Solórzano (2004), and 2.4 m (7.9 ft) by Ripa (2001). 
The top of the head is uniform black in color, to which the specific name, "melanocephala", refers.
Geographic range.
Found in Costa Rica on the Pacific versant of southeastern Puntarenas province from near sea level to about 1500 m (about 4,900 feet). The type locality given is "tropical rainforest 9 km northern of Ciudad Neily in southeastern Provincia de Puntarenas, Costa Rica."
Campbell and Lamar (2004) describe its range as southwestern Costa Rica and possibly extreme western Panama, but state that almost all locality records are from Puntarenas province.

</doc>
<doc id="18728484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728484" title="Oresama">
Oresama

The movie revolves around the protagonist of the story, Japanese rock musician Miyavi, portraying himself and his adventures when he goes back 20 years in time.
Plot.
The film starts with Miyavi leaving to see family back in his hometown in Osaka.
After an initial run into a few fans, on the way, he falls asleep in his car, following which, he wakes up walking on a railway track. Experiencing a series of bizarre events with the locals, he soon realizes that he is in the year 1984. Upon realizing which, he goes to his house but as he's not sure how to face his family & their reaction to him "coming from the future," he runs away even after ringing the door bell.
Contemplating what to do now, he meets Shinni (Hassei Takano) in an alley, posting an advertisement about wanting to make a band. He convinces Shinni about his obvious good looks & being born to be a rock star. He also tells him that he could play the guitar & sing in the band. Convinced, Shinni asks for them to go to a recording studio. However, Miyavi advises against it. They leave for Shinni's home, whereupon witnessing Miyavi's remarkable guitar skills, Shinni accepts his proposal & agrees on letting him stay at his house.
Eventually, Miyavi meets a young boy (Matsushima Ryouta), who turns out to be his younger self.
DVD release.
Oresama was released on DVD in Region 2 format, & retails at JPY¥4935 (approx. US$50.12).

</doc>
<doc id="18728487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728487" title="Calamia tridens">
Calamia tridens

The Burren Green "(Calamia tridens)" is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe, west and central Russia, west Siberia to the Altai Mountains and Kazakhstan.
The wingspan is 37–42 mm. The length of the forewings is 17–18 mm. The moth flies in one generation from late June to September .
The larvae feed on various grasses including Purple Moor Grass.
Britain and Ireland.
The vernacular name Burren Green reflects its presence in the Burren region in western Ireland, its only station in Britain and Ireland. It was first collected 1949 by William Stuart Wright and its identification made by Eric Classey who was sent specimens by Wright. An alternative name proposed for the species, the Claddagh, never gained acceptance. The Irish population has been described as a subspecies, "occidentalis" Cockayne 1954

</doc>
<doc id="18728496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728496" title="Argaman">
Argaman

Argaman (, "lit." Crimson) is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley, eight kilometres north of the Damia Bridge with an area of 4,500 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. The population of the settlement was 163 in 2011. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Etymology.
The moshav's name is an acronym for Arik Regev and Gad Manela, two Nahal commanders who were killed there in a clash with Arab militants. 
History.
Initially established in 1968 as a Nahal settlement by the Betar movement, Argaman was converted to a civilian moshav in May 1971. Prior to the establishment of Argaman, Moshe Dayan, then Israeli Minister of Defense, was opposed to the installment of settlements in the center of the Jordan Rift valley as it would show too explicitly that the Palestinian Arabs of the West Bank were being separated from the Arabs east of the Jordan river.

</doc>
<doc id="18728519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728519" title="Hervé Riel">
Hervé Riel

Hervé Riel was a French fisherman of the 17th century, from Le Croisic in Brittany. His claim to fame is that while serving with the French Navy he was instrumental in saving the French fleet following the battle of Barfleur in 1692. He is the subject of a heroic poem by Robert Browning, but little else is known of him or his life.
The incident.
Following the battle of Barfleur, on 29 May(NS) 1692, the French fleet under Tourville was retreating westward, in order to regain a safe harbour, pursued by the Dutch and English fleets under Russell.
On 31 May the fleet was scattered over a wide area around the tip of the Cotentin peninsula. 21 ships, under Pannetier, were anchored west of Cap de la Hague, while the remainder, under Tourville, were to the east.
Pannetiers squadron were between the cape and Alderney, at the head of the notorious Alderney Race (Fr. "Raz Blanchard") and were shadowed by the Dutch White squadron, under Almonde, and the English Blue, under Ashby. Tourville was opposed by the Red, under Russell.
As the tide started to flood, and the wind rose, Tourvilles squadron was swept east, pursued by Russell.
Pannetier, wishing to escape, thought to sail through the Race, but his navigators demurred, fearing the passage of this turbulent channel, with its dangerous lee shore, and rocky bottom offering little purchase if they needed to anchor.
At his point Herve Riel, who as a local fisherman was familiar with the passage, offered to guide the fleet through. 
Pannetier agreed, and with Riels guidance, piloted the flagship ("Grand", 80 guns) through the Race, followed by the rest of the squadron.
Neither Almonde nor Ashby were willing to follow; Almonde took his squadron westward around Alderney, but by the change of the tide Pannetier had too great a lead, and the chase was abandoned.
The fleet reached St Malo safely; When asked what reward he wished, Riel asked merely to visit his home nearby, to see his wife, “the belle Aurore”. The poem records, with some cynicism, “that he got, and nothing more”
The poem.
Browning’s poem makes some errors of fact (for example,it gives the French admiral as d’Amfreville, who was with Tourville at la Hogue, and the French flagship as the "Formidable", which was not present at this battle); otherwise it presents a clear and fast-moving narrative.
Browning wrote the poem in 1871, and intended the proceeds be used to support the people of France suffering during the Siege of Paris (1870–1871).
It was first published in the Cornhill magazine in March 1871, but now forms part of his collection "Pacchiarotto", published in 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="18728534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728534" title="Soumei Uchida">
Soumei Uchida


</doc>
<doc id="18728538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728538" title="Caradrina morpheus">
Caradrina morpheus

The Mottled Rustic "(Caradrina morpheus)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found from northern Europe to Siberia. It was accidentally introduced on both the east and west coasts of Canada and is so far reported in the east from New Brunswick to Ontario, and in the west from British Columbia.
The wingspan is 32–38 mm. The length of the forewings is 13–16 mm. The moth flies in one generation from mid May to August .
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants including nettle and dandelion.

</doc>
<doc id="18728551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728551" title="Beka'ot">
Beka'ot

Beka'ot (, "lit." Valleys) is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley with an area of 1,800 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 171. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
The village was established in 1972, and was initially called Buka after the nearby Habukiya Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="18728607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728607" title="Anselm Eckart">
Anselm Eckart

Anselm Eckart (4 August 1721 – 29 June 1809) was a German Jesuit missionary.
Eckart was born in Bingen, in what is now Germany. Entering the Society of Jesus at nineteen, he was sent as a missionary to Brazil. Two years after his arrival in that country, he and his Jesuit brethren were arrested in the aftermath of the Távora affair and carried to Portugal. There they were kept in prison.
Eckart was confined for eighteen years in the underground dungeons of Almeida and St. Julian. He wrote the story of his own sufferings and those of his companions in prison. Upon the death of Joseph I of Portugal in 1777, the Jesuits' opponent Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, Marquis of Pombal fell into disgrace, and those of his victims who survived were released.
The Society of Jesus, which had been suppressed four years earlier by the Brief of Pope Clement XIV, had continued to exist in Russia. Father Eckart applied for readmission, and spent another 32 years in this way in the order. After filling the office of Master of Novices at Dünaburg, he was sent to the College of Polstok, Polish Russia, where he died aged 87.

</doc>
<doc id="18728612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728612" title="Gitit (moshav)">
Gitit (moshav)

Gitit () is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley with an area of , it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 214.
The village was established in 1972 as a Nahal settlement. It is named for a musical instrument mentioned in the Bible with a similar shape as the area: f.e. Psalm 8:1.
In 1975, Gitit became a civilian community affiliated with Herut Beitar. In 1978 it became a moshav shitufi, but later reverted to moshav ovdim status.
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.

</doc>
<doc id="18728615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728615" title="Catocala elocata">
Catocala elocata

The French Red Underwing "(Catocala elocata)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, North Africa, Anatolia, Uzbekistan, and Kazachstan.
The larvae feed on poplar and willow.

</doc>
<doc id="18728634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728634" title="List of Brigham Young University–Idaho alumni">
List of Brigham Young University–Idaho alumni

This list of Brigham Young University alumni includes notable graduates, non-graduate former students, and current students of Brigham Young University–Idaho (also known as BYU–Idaho or BYU–I), a four-year private college owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) located in Rexburg, Idaho, United States that prior to 2001 was a two-year junior college known as Ricks College. As of August 2008, BYU–Idaho/Ricks College has approximately 150,000 alumni. Many of the alumni, in particular those before 2001, graduated with a two-year associate's degree or simply attended two years before moving on to another institution to complete their bachelor's degree.

</doc>
<doc id="18728649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728649" title="Catocala fraxini">
Catocala fraxini

The Blue Underwing ("Catocala fraxini"), also known as Clifden Nonpareil, is a moth of the superfamily Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe and north and east Asia.
The caterpillars feed on various species of poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="18728660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728660" title="Steven Chen">
Steven Chen

Steven Chen may be:

</doc>
<doc id="18728668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728668" title="Guennady Moisseev">
Guennady Moisseev

Guennady Moisseev is a Russian former three-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
He was the 1974 F.I.M. world champion in the 250cc class on a KTM motorcycle. He won two more 250 world championships in 1977 and 1978, again while riding KTM motorcycles. In 1978 he was a member of the winning Russian team in the Motocross des Nations. Moisseev, like many Russian sports stars of his era, was enlisted in the Russian Army, rising to the ranks of Major during his racing career. His extreme fitness combined with team tactics made him a fearsome competitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18728677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728677" title="Backyard Babies (disambiguation)">
Backyard Babies (disambiguation)

Backyard Babies are a punk rock band, from Nässjö, Sweden.
Backyard Babies may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18728688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728688" title="Screenplay (disambiguation)">
Screenplay (disambiguation)

Screenplay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18728697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728697" title="Catocala fulminea">
Catocala fulminea

Catocala fulminea is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, East Asia, and Siberia. The "xarippe" lineage has been proposed to be a distinct and valid species in its own right, instead of being only subspecifically distinct.
The wingspan is 44–52 mm. The larvae feed on "Prunus", "Crataegus", pears, and oaks.

</doc>
<doc id="18728707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728707" title="Selina Cadell">
Selina Cadell

Selina Cadell (born 21 June 1953, London) is an English actress. She is the younger sister of actor Simon Cadell and granddaughter of actress Jean Cadell.
Cadell has been appearing on British television, film, and theatre over the last thirty years. She has taken on a wide range of supporting and leading roles. Recently, she has played Dorothy Crowther in "The Amazing Mrs Pritchard"; Mrs Tishell in "Doc Martin"; and the Dean Mieke Miedema in "Lab Rats". She appeared in Sam Mendes' Broadway production of Anton Chekhov's "The Cherry Orchard", and played Maria in Mendes' highly acclaimed production of "Twelfth Night" for the Donmar Warehouse (London and New York). She had a starring role in the 2013 film "The Lady Vanishes".
In 2013, she appeared as both Sister Gregory, a Roman Catholic nun, in the "Father Brown" episode "The Bride of Christ", and "Miss Froy", the title character in a television remake of "The Lady Vanishes", directed by Diarmuid Lawrence from an updated screenplay by Fiona Seres.

</doc>
<doc id="18728721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728721" title="C'mon (Keith Anderson album)">
C'mon (Keith Anderson album)

"C'mon!" is the second album by American country music artist Keith Anderson. The album was released by Columbia Records on August 5, 2008. It features the singles "Sunday Morning in America" and "I Still Miss You," the latter of which reached the Top 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart in August 2008. The third single "Somebody Needs A Hug" failed to reach top 40, peaking at #46. His next single "She Could've Been Mine" was released in January 2009, and it was even less successful, peaking at No. 56. Ten of the album's eleven songs were co-written by Anderson.
Radney Foster and Bill Lloyd, who comprised the 1980s duo Foster & Lloyd, appear on the track "Crazy Over You." The song is a cover of their debut single from 1987, which was a Top 5 country hit that year. "Lost in This Moment," co-written by Anderson, was a Number One single for the duo Big & Rich in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18728723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728723" title="Shiomi Station (Tokyo)">
Shiomi Station (Tokyo)

Lines.
Shiomi Station is served by the Keiyō Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18728744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728744" title="The Actor's Nightmare">
The Actor's Nightmare

"The Actor's Nightmare" is a short comic play by Christopher Durang. It involves an accountant named George Spelvin, who is mistaken for an actor's understudy and forced to perform in a play for which he doesn't know any of the lines.
Inspiration.
The play was inspired by dreams actors and performers often have in which they are about to go onstage and cannot remember their lines/rehearsal instructions. Durang himself had an actor's nightmare after performing in this play in which he could not remember any lines, could not find his script, and when he did find the script it was gibberish to him.
Later the play was the subject of the case "See v. Durang" (1983) where John William See claimed that Durang had infringed his copyright in the play "Fear of Acting".
The district court summarily dismissed the case on the basis that no reasonable person could find any substantial similarity between the two plays, and the appeals court confirmed this decision.
Plot.
A man finds himself inexplicably backstage one day. When he is confronted by the stage manager, Meg, it becomes apparent that he is the understudy for an actor named Edwin (Edwin Booth) and as "Eddie" apparently broke both his legs, the man must perform in his stead. The man is referred to as "George" throughout the play, despite him feeling that it is not his real name (another actress refers to him as Stanley at one point as well) and cannot remember attending any rehearsals or being an actor at all (he instead believes that he is an accountant). To make matters worse, he is unable to get a straight answer as to what the play is. An actress named Sarah tells him that it is a Noël Coward play ("Private Lives") and the other actress Ellen tells him that it is a Samuel Beckett play called "Checkmate" (which seems to have elements of the plays "Endgame", "Happy Days", and "Waiting for Godot"). Literally forced on stage, George attempts to improvise his lines; however, the play inconsistently shifts between scenes from "Private Lives", "Hamlet", "Checkmate", and "A Man for All Seasons". When forced to improvise a soliloquy in the "Hamlet" scene, George tells the audience that he was raised in a Catholic school and was interested in joining a monastery but they told him to wait until he was older. When he was older, however, he lost faith (as he put it "I don't know many Catholic adults"). In the final part of the play ("A Man for all Seasons"), George is alarmed to learn that he is to play the part of Sir Thomas More - and the execution seems a bit too real for his liking. While attempting to convince himself that he is merely in a dream, George ends up theorizing that one can't dream of his own death and therefore he will wake up just before he is beheaded. He accepts the execution, but appears to really be dead during curtain call, much to the cast's confusion.

</doc>
<doc id="18728746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728746" title="HLA-B45">
HLA-B45

HLA-B45 (B45) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the B*45 gene-allele protein products of HLA-B. 
B45 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B12, and is a sister type of B44.
Alleles.
It was reported that a novel haplotype was found in Italian bone marrow doners. A2-CW*1601-B45- DRB1*1101-DRB3*0301-DQA1*0102-DQB1*0502. This haplotype indicates possible very recent ancestry from Africa, with the Cw*1601 and B45 components and also with the DR11-DQ5.2 component both extremely rare in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="18728752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728752" title="Edward Coffin">
Edward Coffin

Edward Coffin (alias Hatton) (1570 – 17 April 1626) was an English Jesuit.
Life.
He was born at Exeter in 1571, and arrived at the English college at Rheims on 19 July 1585. 
He left that city for Ingoldstadt on 7 November 1586, in company with Dr. Robert Turner, who defrayed the cost of his education. 
On 26 July 1588, he entered the English college at Rome. 
Having been ordained priest on 13 March 1592-3 he was sent to England on 10 May 1594, and he entered the Society of Jesus in this country on 13 Jan. 1597-8. 
In the Lent of 1598, on his way to the novitiate in Flanders, travelling with Thomas Lister, he was seized by the Dutch, near Antwerp, and taken to England, where he was imprisoned for five years., and was sent back to England, where he spent his novitiate and the first five years of his religious life in prison, chiefly in the Tower of London (the Beauchamp tower). 
On the accession of James I, 'as a favour,' he was sent with a large number of other ecclesiastics into perpetual banishment. 
Repairing to Rome, he acted for nearly twenty years as confessor to the English college. 
He then resolved to return to his native country, and left Rome for Flanders, but at St. Omer he was taken ill and died in Saint-Omer's College on 17 April 1626.
He edited the posthumous reply of Father Parsons to Dr. William Barlow, bishop of Lincoln, entitled ' A Discussion of Mr. Barlowes Answer to the Book entitled the Judgment of a Catholic Englishman concerning the Oath of Allegiance,' St. Omer, 1612, 4to. Coffin wrote the elaborate preface, which occupies 120 pages.
After studies at Reims and Ingolstadt he was ordained at the English College, Rome, and sent to England. 
Works.
He wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="18728757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728757" title="Noctua janthe">
Noctua janthe

The Lesser Broad-bordered Yellow Underwing "(Noctua janthe)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. Some authors consider "Noctua janthe" and "Noctua janthina" to be the same species. It is found in Europe and North Africa.
The wingspan is 30–40 mm. The length of the forewings is 16–20 mm. The moth flies in one generation from late June to September .
The larvae feed on various deciduous trees, shrubs and herbaceous plants.

</doc>
<doc id="18728787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728787" title="Khurma">
Khurma

Khurma is a sweet in Bihar which serves a snack in some households. Khurma is made of paneer (chhena) and sugar, and it can be stored for about two to three months. It is a popular sweet in the western part of Bihar (Shahabad region).
Khurma is also used for prasad in many festivals and Pooja. Jyutia and Chhat is one of the most popular festivals where Khurma acts as important an ingredient for prasad.

</doc>
<doc id="18728790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728790" title="Pseudoangiomatous stromal hyperplasia">
Pseudoangiomatous stromal hyperplasia

In breast pathology, pseudoangiomatous stromal hyperplasia, commonly abbreviated PASH, is an overgrowth of myofibroblastic cells and has an appearance similar to fibroadenomatoid changes. 
The diagnostic significance is currently uncertain, but it appears to be benign. There have been cases of PASH diagnosed where the tumors co-exist with breast cancer. Other cases have made screening for breast cancer difficult and in some cases impossible due to the number and density of the existing PASH tumors. These cases have resulted in the necessity of a mastectomy and double mastectomy. 
Diagnosis.
The diagnosis of PASH is by biopsy. 
The important differential diagnosis is angiosarcoma, from which it was first differentiated in 1986.
Treatment.
The management of PASH is controversial. Excision may be indicated in enlarging masses or lesions with atypical features. 

</doc>
<doc id="18728793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728793" title="Noctua interjecta">
Noctua interjecta

The Least Yellow Underwing "(Noctua interjecta)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 31–36 mm. The length of the forewings is 14–17 mm. The moth flies in one generation from late June to August .
The larvae feed on various grasses and herbaceous plants such as Meadowsweet and "Malva sylvestris". 

</doc>
<doc id="18728825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728825" title="Tipahato">
Tipahato

Tipahato is a former summer residence in Cascade, Frederick County, Maryland that combines Italianate and bungalow design features, as well as Queen Anne and Colonial Revival design. This very large house was built in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18728831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728831" title="Scarred (album)">
Scarred (album)

Scarred is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in January 2003 by Eagle Records and is a recording of Numan's 20 October 2000 Brixton Academy concert, which was a warm-up concert for his Pure Tour. An enhanced CD was also released containing videos of "Pure", "Rip" and "Cars". The inside cover contain a fold out poster which on one side contains a recount of a member from the band Fear Factory when he met Numan. On the other side is a poster with 9 individual pictures of Numan in concert.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Gary Numan except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18728836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728836" title="Noctua interposita">
Noctua interposita

Noctua interposita is a moth of the family Noctuinae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 39–45 mm.
The larvae feed on various herbaceous plants and grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18728838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728838" title="HD 191984">
HD 191984

HD 191984, also catalogued as ADS 13506 B and HR 7717, is double or multiple star.
"Discordance as to which component has the peculiar spectrum usually attributed to A. However, on the basis of better spectrograms, Abt gives A = A0V, B = A0Vp(Sr,Cr st.,Ca wk.)."

</doc>
<doc id="18728850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728850" title="Ernest Alton">
Ernest Alton

Ernest Henry Alton (1873 – 18 February 1952) was an Irish university professor and an independent Teachta Dála (TD) and Senator.
Born in County Westmeath, Alton attended The High School, Dublin. He graduated from Trinity College, Dublin in 1896 with honours in classics and philosophy. He was elected to the House of Commons of Southern Ireland at the 1921 elections, representing the University of Dublin constituency as an independent Unionist, he did not participate in the Second Dáil. He was re-elected for the same constituency at the 1922 general election and became a member of the Third Dáil. He was re-elected at the next five general elections until the University of Dublin Dáil Éireann constituency was abolished in 1937. He served as a member of the 2nd Seanad and the 3rd Seanad representing the Seanad Éireann Dublin University constituency until 1943 when he retired from politics.
He was professor of Latin at Trinity College, Dublin from 1921 to 1942, and was provost from 1942 until his death in 1952.
His sisters were teachers of music at Wesley College Dublin. One taught violin, the other taught piano. His nephew Bryan Alton was a member of Seanad Éireann from 1965–73.

</doc>
<doc id="18728885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728885" title="Tismana Hydroelectric Power Station">
Tismana Hydroelectric Power Station

Tismana Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Motru River situated in Romania.
The project was started in 1979 and finished in 1982 and it was made up by the construction of an arched concrete dam 48 m high which was equipped with two vertical turbines, the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 106 MW. 
The power plant generates 262 GWh of electricity per year.

</doc>
<doc id="18728895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728895" title="Barrie Rickards">
Barrie Rickards

Professor Richard Barrie Rickards, (1938 – 2009), was Emeritus Professor in Palaeontology and Biostratigraphy at the Department of Earth Sciences, Cambridge University and Life Fellow of Emmanuel College. He was best known for his work on Graptolites. He is also a well-respected angler and was President of the Specialist Anglers' Alliance and the Lure Anglers' Society.
He died from cancer on 5 November 2009, but was active to the end, writing books on fishing and papers on graptolites from his hospital bed and pursuing new research when at home in remission.
Education and Academic Career.
Barrie Rickards grew up in Leeds and Goole in Yorkshire. He held the following degrees: BSc, MA, PhD, ScD, and a DSc from the University of Hull.
Research.
Barrie Rickards' work concentrated on the systematics and biodiversity of graptolites in the Palaeozoic. This led to a better understanding of their palaeobiogeography and evolution, the manner of their recovery from mass extinctions, and a more precise understanding of Lazarus taxa, refugia and relict faunas.
Fishing.
Barrie Rickards was one of the best-known and most successful pike anglers in Britain. He was a Founding Fellow of the Pike Anglers' Club, and was past President of the Pike Society, the Lure Anglers' Society and the Specialist Anglers' Alliance.
Selected publications.
Barrie Rickards had written over 250 academic papers, 700 articles on fishing and some 30 books related to both fishing and palaeontology.

</doc>
<doc id="18728901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728901" title="Kasai-Rinkai-kōen Station">
Kasai-Rinkai-kōen Station

Lines.
Kasai-Rinkai-kōen Station is served by the Keiyo Line from . Only local (all stations) Keiyo Line services stop at this station. Musashino Line through services to and from also stop here.
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of an island platform serving two tracks, with outer passing tracks on either side to allow non-stop trains to overtake stopping trains.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
The station opened on December 1, 1988.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 11,644 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures for previous years are as shown below.
Surrounding area.
Kasai Rinkai Park.
The station is located at the entrance to Kasai Rinkai Park, a municipal park featuring the Diamond and Flower Ferris Wheel, an aquarium, and a bird sanctuary.

</doc>
<doc id="18728918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728918" title="Taibah College School">
Taibah College School

Taibah College High School is a boarding secondary school located from Kampala in Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="18728920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728920" title="Yafit">
Yafit

Yafit (, "lit." Beautiful) is a moshav shitufi and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
Located in the Jordan Valley, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2006, Yafit had a population of 104. 
History.
Yafit was built in the 1980s on a plot of rocky land in the Jordan Valley by Israelis attracted by the beauty of the desert. It was named after Yossi Yafa, an IDF commander. In 1992 the founders were joined by immigrants from Russia. In the 1990s, it was one of the largest communities in the valley and a cultural and educational center. Due to drive-by shootings by Palestinians on Route 90, which passes the mountain where the New Testament says Jesus was tempted by the devil, many residents have left.

</doc>
<doc id="18728924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728924" title="New Zealand cricket team in Bangladesh in 2008–09">
New Zealand cricket team in Bangladesh in 2008–09

The New Zealand cricket team toured Bangladesh for two test matches and three One Day International (ODI) matches in 2008-09. They were under the captaincy of Mohammad Ashraful and the New Zealanders by Daniel Vettori. Starting on 9 October 2008, they won the ODI series 2-1 and following Test series 1-0.
ODI series.
3rd ODI.
Player of the series: Jacob Oram (NZ)
Test series.
2nd test.
Player of the series: Daniel Vettori (NZ)

</doc>
<doc id="18728944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728944" title="Trampas Parker">
Trampas Parker

Trampas Parker (born July 27, 1967 in Shreveport, Louisiana) is an American former two-time Grand Prix motocross world champion.
Biography.
He was the 1989 F.I.M. world champion in the 125cc class on a KTM. In 1991 he won the 250 world championship on a Honda. He was the first American to claim two motocross world championships. Parker was inducted into the AMA Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18728968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728968" title="AltX">
AltX

AltX is an alternative public equity exchange for small and medium sized companies in South Africa operated in parallel with and wholly owned by the JSE Securities Exchange. As of July 2008 the shares of just over 80 companies listed on AltX had a combined value of over R30-billion.
History.
The exchange launched in October 2003 as a nursery for the JSE main board, replacing the failed venture capital and development capital boards established as sub-sets of the main board in the 1980s. It was intended to encourage entrepreneurship, especially among South Africa's emerging black middle class.
Beige Holdings Limited and Insurance Outsourcing Managers' Holding Limited were the first companies to list, in January 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18728993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18728993" title="Alyth Junction railway station">
Alyth Junction railway station

Alyth Junction railway station served the village of Meigle in the Scottish county of Perth and Kinross. The station was the junction where the Alyth Railway and the Dundee and Newtyle Railway diverged from the Scottish Midland Junction Railway running between Perth and Arbroath.
History.
Opened by the Dundee, Perth and Aberdeen Junction Railway, and absorbed into the Caledonian Railway, it became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. Passing on to the Scottish Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, it was then closed by the British Railways Board.
The site today.
Today some of the platforms remain and the site is waterlogged.

</doc>
<doc id="18729001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729001" title="Eastbourne">
Eastbourne

Eastbourne () is a large town and borough in East Sussex, on the south coast of England, 17 miles east of Brighton. It is situated immediately east of Beachy Head, the highest chalk sea cliff in Great Britain and an area of outstanding natural beauty. This sheltered position contributes to Eastbourne’s title of sunniest place in Great Britain.
Eastbourne is a relatively new town. Prior to 1800, the area existed as four separate hamlets and surrounding farmland. The town grew as a fashionable tourist resort largely thanks to prominent landowner, William Cavendish, later known as the Duke of Devonshire. Cavendish appointed architect Henry Currey to design a street plan for the town, but not before sending him off to Europe to draw inspiration. The resulting mix of architecture is typically Victorian and remains a key feature of Eastbourne. 
As a seaside resort, Eastbourne derives a large and increasing income from tourism. Conferences, public events, parks, traditional seaside attractions and cultural sightseeing are among the things on offer.
The other main industries in Eastbourne include: trade and retail, healthcare, education, construction, manufacturing, professional scientific and the technical sector. 
The town has a growing population; it currently stands at 98,493. The 2011 census shows that the average age of residents has decreased as the town has attracted students, families and those commuting to London and Brighton.
History.
Flint mines and other Stone Age artefacts have been found in the surrounding countryside, and there are Roman remains buried beneath the town, such as a Roman bath and section of pavement between the present pier and the redoubt fortress, and a Roman villa near the entrance to the pier and the present Queens Hotel. An Anglo-Saxon charter, circa 963 AD, describes a landing stage and stream at Bourne. Following the Norman Conquest, the Hundred of what is now Eastbourne, was held by Robert, Count of Mortain, William the Conqueror's half brother. The Domesday Book lists 28 ploughlands, a church, a watermill, fisheries and salt pans.
A charter for a weekly market was granted to Bartholomew de Badlesmere in 1315–16; this increased his status as Lord of the Manor and improved local industry. During the Middle Ages the town was visited by King Henry I and in 1324 by Edward II. Evidence of Eastbourne's medieval past can seen in the twelfth century Church of St Mary, and the manor house called Bourne Place. In the mid-sixteenth century the house was home to the Burton family, who acquired much of the land on which the present town stands. This manor house is owned by the Duke of Devonshire and was extensively remodelled in the early Georgian era when it was renamed Compton Place. It is one of the two Grade I listed buildings in the town.
Eastbourne's earliest claim as a seaside resort came about following a summer holiday visit by four of King George III's children in 1780 (Princes Edward and Octavius, and Princesses Elizabeth and Sophia).
In 1793, following a survey of coastal defences in the southeast, approval was given for the positioning of infantry and artillery to defend the bay between Beachy Head and Hastings from attack by the French. 14 Martello Towers were constructed along the western shore of Pevensey Bay, continuing as far as Tower 73, the Wish Tower at Eastbourne. Several of these towers survive: the Wish Tower is an important feature of the town's seafront, and part of Tower 68 forms the basement of a house on St. Antony's Hill. Between 1805 and 1807, the construction took place of a fortress known as the Eastbourne Redoubt, which was built as a barracks and storage depot, and armed with 10 cannons.
Eastbourne remained an area of small rural settlements until the 19th century. Four villages or hamlets occupied the site of the modern town: Bourne (or, to distinguish it from others of the same name, East Bourne), is now known as Old Town, and this surrounded the bourne (stream) which rises in the present Motcombe Park; Meads, where the Downs meet the coast; South Bourne (near the town hall); and the fishing settlement known simply as Sea Houses, which was situated to the east of the present pier.
By the mid–19th century most of the area had fallen into the hands of two landowners: John Davies Gilbert (the Davies-Gilbert family still own much of the land in Eastbourne and East Dean) and William Cavendish, Earl of Burlington. The Gilbert family's holdings date to the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries when barrister Nicholas Gilbert married an Eversfield and Gildredge heiress. (The Gildredges owned much of Eastbourne by 1554. The Gilberts eventually made the Gildredge Manor House their own. Today the Gildredge name lives on in the eponymous park.)
In 1752, a dissertation by Doctor Richard Russell extolled the medicinal benefits of the seaside. His views were of considerable benefit to the south coast and, in due course, Eastbourne became known as “the Empress of Watering Places".
An early plan, for a town named Burlington, was abandoned, but on 14 May 1849 the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway arrived to scenes of great jubilation. With the arrival of the railway, the town's growth accelerated. Cavendish, now the 7th Duke of Devonshire, hired Henry Currey in 1859 to lay out a plan for what was essentially an entire new town – a resort built "for gentlemen by gentlemen". The town grew rapidly from a population of less than 4,000 in 1851 to nearly 35,000 by 1891. In 1883, it was incorporated as a municipal borough; a purpose-built town hall was opened in 1886. This period of growth and elegant development continued for several decades. A royal visit by
George V and Queen Mary in March 1935 is commemorated by a plaque on chalet number 2 at Holywell.
The Second World War saw a change in fortunes. Initially, children were evacuated to Eastbourne on the assumption that they would be safe from German bombs, but soon they had to be evacuated again because after the fall of France in June 1940 it was anticipated that the town would lie in an invasion zone. Part of Operation Sea Lion, the German invasion plan, envisaged landings at Eastbourne. Many people sought safety away from the coast and shut up their houses. Restrictions on visitors forced the closure of most hotels, and private boarding schools moved away. Many of these empty buildings were later taken over by the services. The Royal Navy set up an underwater weapons school, and the Royal Air Force operated radar stations at Beachy Head and on the marshes near Pevensey. Thousands of Canadian soldiers were billeted in and around Eastbourne from July 1941 to the run-up to D-Day. The town suffered badly during the war, with many Victorian and Edwardian buildings damaged or destroyed by air raids. Indeed, by the end of the conflict it was designated by the Home Office to have been ‘the most raided town in the South East region’. The situation was especially bad between May 1942 and June 1943 with hit–and–run raids from fighter–bombers based in northern France.
In the summer of 1956 the town came to national and worldwide attention, when Dr John Bodkin Adams, a general practitioner serving the town's wealthier patients, was arrested for the murder of an elderly widow. Rumours had been circulating since 1935 regarding the frequency of his being named in patients' wills (132 times between 1946 and 1956) and the gifts he was given (including two Rolls Royces). Figures of up to 400 murders were reported in British and foreign newspapers, but after a controversial trial at the Old Bailey which gripped the nation for 17 days in March 1957, Adams was found not guilty. He was struck off for 4 years but resumed his practice in Eastbourne in 1961. According to Scotland Yard's archives, he is thought to have killed up to 163 patients in the Eastbourne area.
After the war, development continued, including the growth of Old Town up the hillside (Green Street Farm Estate) and the housing estates of Hampden Park, Willingdon Trees and Langney. During the latter half of the 20th century, there were controversies over the demolition of Pococks, a 15th-century manor house on what is now the Rodmill housing estate, and the granting of planning permission for a 19-storey block at the western end of the seafront. The latter project (South Cliff Tower) was realised in 1965 despite a storm of protest led by the newly formed Eastbourne and District Preservation Committee, which later became Eastbourne Civic Society, and was renamed The Eastbourne Society in 1999. Local conservationists also failed to prevent the construction of the glass-plated TGWU conference and holiday centre, but were successful in purchasing Polegate Windmill, thus saving it from demolition and redevelopment. Most of the expansion took place on the northern and eastern margins of the town, gradually swallowing surrounding villages. However, the richer western part was constrained by the Downs and has remained largely unchanged.
In 1981, a large section of the town centre was replaced by the indoor shops of the Arndale Centre.
In the 1990s, both growth and controversy accelerated rapidly as a new plan was launched to develop the area known as the Crumbles, a shingle bank on the coast to the east of the town centre. This area, now known as Sovereign Harbour, containing a marina, shops, and several thousand houses, along with luxury flats and apartments, was formerly home to many rare plants. Continued growth in other parts of the town, and the taming of the central marshland into farmland and nature reserves, has turned Eastbourne into the centre of a conurbation, with the appearance from above of a hollow ring. Currently under review is the demolition of some of the town centre, to extend the existing Arndale shopping centre, and the adaptation of several existing roads to form an inner ring road. In 2009 the new Towner Arts centre was opened abutting the listed Congress Theatre built in 1963.
Geography.
The South Downs dominate Eastbourne and can be seen from most of the town. These were originally chalk deposits laid down under the sea during the Upper Cretaceous period, and were later lifted by the same tectonic plate movements that formed the European Alps, during the middle Tertiary period. The chalk can be clearly seen along the eroded coastline to the West of the town, in the area known as Beachy Head and the Seven Sisters, where continuous erosion keeps the cliff edge vertical and white. The chalk contains many fossils such as ammonites and nautilus. The town area is built on geologically recent alluvial drift, the result of the silting up of a bay. This changes to Weald clay around the Langney estate.
A part of the South Downs, Willingdon Down is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest. This is of archaeological interest due to a Neolithic camp and burial grounds. The area is also a nationally uncommon tract of chalk grassland rich in species. Another SSSI which partially falls with the Eastbourne district is Seaford to Beachy Head. This site, of biological and geological interest, covers the coastline between Eastbourne and Seaford, plus the Seven Sisters country park and the Cuckmere valley. Several nature trails lead across the Downs to areas such as the nearby villages of East Dean and Birling Gap, and landmarks like the Seven Sisters, Belle Tout lighthouse and Beachy Head.
Climate.
As with the rest of the British Isles and South Coast, Eastbourne experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters. The local climate is notable for its high sunshine levels, at least relative to much of the rest of England - Eastbourne holds the record for the highest recorded amount of sunshine in a month, 383.9 hours in July 1911. Temperature extremes recorded at Eastbourne since 1960 range from during July 1976, down to In January 1987. Eastbourne's coastal location also means it tends to be milder than most areas, particularly during night. A whole six months of the year have never recorded an air frost, and in July the temperature has never fallen below . All temperature figures relate to the period 1960 onwards. The Köppen Climate Classification subtype for this climate is "" (Marine West Coast Climate/Oceanic climate).
Districts.
Eastbourne's greater area comprises the town of Polegate, and the civil parishes of Willingdon and Jevington, Stone Cross, Pevensey, Westham, and Pevensey Bay village. All are part of the Wealden District. Within Eastbourne's limits are:
There was a community known as Norway, Eastbourne in the triangle now bounded by Wartling Road, Seaside and Lottbridge Drove. The name being a corruption of North Way, as this was the route to the North. The area is now a housing estate and the only evidence there was a Norway are a Norway Road and the local church whose sign reads "St Andrew's Church, Norway".
The former fishing hamlet of Holywell (local pronunciation ‘holly well’) was situated by the cliff on a ledge some 400 yards to the southwest of the public garden known as the Holywell Retreat. It was approached from what is now Holywell Road via the lane between the present Helen Gardens and St Bede’s School which leads to the chalk pinnacle formerly known locally as ‘Gibraltar’ or 'The Sugar Loaf'. The ground around the pinnacle was the site of lime kilns also worked by the fishermen. The fishing hamlet at Holywell was taken over by the local water board in 1896 to exploit the springs in the cliffs. The water board's successors still own the site, and there is a pumping station but little evidence of the hamlet itself, as by now even most of the foundations of the cottages have gone over the cliff.
Governance.
Eastbourne Borough Council is responsible for local governance, with representation provided by twenty seven councillors from nine wards, with elections to the council being held every four years. The 2011 election resulted in a council made up of 15 Liberal Democrat and 12 Conservative councillors. The council operates out of a Victorian town hall designed by W. Tadman Foulkes, and built between 1884 and 1886 under supervision of Henry Currey, the Duke of Devonshire's architect. East Sussex County Council has responsibility for education, libraries, social services, civil registration, trading standards and transport. Out of the 49 seats, nine are filled by the Eastbourne wards. The 2009 East Sussex County Council election resulted in 29 Conservatives, 13 Liberal Democrats, 4 Labour and 3 Independent, of which Eastbourne provided 6 Liberal Democrats and 3 Conservatives.
The Parliament Constituency of Eastbourne covers a greater area than the nine local wards, extending to the north and the east. Eastbourne is a marginal seat contested between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats. The Liberal Democrat Member of Parliament for Eastbourne is Stephen Lloyd, who took the seat from the sitting Conservative MP Nigel Waterson with a 3.8% swing on a turnout of 67% in the 2010 General Election. At European level, Eastbourne is represented by the South-East region, which holds ten seats in the European Parliament. The 2009 election returned 4 Conservatives, 2 Liberal Democrats, 2 UK Independence, 1 Labour and 1 Green.
Demographics.
Whilst the overall population of Eastbourne is growing (between 2001 and 2008 the population grew from 89,800 to 94,800), the age profile is dropping as younger people move into the town. Ethnically, the town is 93.7% white, with small non-white minority groups including Chinese, and white minority groups including East Europeans, Greeks (mainly from Cyprus), and other Europeans. The 2001 census indicated that the largest non-white ethnic group were Chinese; studies conducted by the local council in 2008 indicated that there has been a growth in people arriving from Eastern Europe, particularly Poland. Unemployment in Eastbourne is below the national average 4.1% compared to 4.4% for England and Wales. The percentage of economically active people increased between 2001 and 2011. There has an also been an upward trend in the number of people with qualification with an increase of 5.19% 
Economy.
With a population of 100,000 people Eastbourne is the 2nd fastest growing seaside town in the UK and is the economic driver of one of the fastest growing counties in the country.
Eastbourne has a broad economic base and is home to companies in a wide range of industries. The town is home to the largest book distributor in the UK, as well as to a number of specialist advanced manufacturing and engineering companies, many of which are based on industrial estates in and around the town. It’s also the base for a growing number of successful e-commerce companies who distribute goods across the UK and throughout Europe. There is a high availability of affordable commercial property in Eastbourne and nearby Polegate, where a planned 700 new homes promise continued economic growth.
Development around Sovereign Harbour Marina, Britain’s largest composite marina, has created more than 3000 new luxury homes over the past 10 years and future plans include the construction of an innovation mall for small businesses and start-ups.
The Eastbourne business community is well connected and mutually supportive. The Chamber of Commerce is strong with around 600 members and holds many networking events to facilitate local B2B links. There are many business events for local entrepreneurs to promote their goods and services and a healthy ‘buy local’ ethic.
Large revenues are generated through tourism and conference tourism with reports showing a £365 million revenue from visitors in 2010, 3.1% greater than 2009 and estimated to support 7,160 jobs. The council’s blueprint for future development in the town centre maps out a strategy for further boosting these numbers by attracting even more residents, shoppers and visitors to the town.
Tourism.
The seafront at Eastbourne consists almost entirely of Victorian hotels. Along with its pier and bandstand, this serves to preserve the front in a somewhat timeless manner. The Duke of Devonshire, retains the rights to the seafront buildings and does not allow them to be developed into shops. A stretch of of shingle beach stretches from Sovereign Harbour in the east to Beachy Head in the west. In a 1998 survey 56% of visitors said that the beach and seafront was one of Eastbourne best features, although 10% listed the pebbled beach as a dislike. Other recreation facilities include two swimming pools, three fitness centres and other smaller sports clubs including scuba diving. A children's adventure park is sited at the eastern end of the seafront. There are various other establishments scattered around the town such as crazy golf, go–karting and Laser Quest. The pier is an obvious place to visit and is sometimes used to hold events, such as the international birdman competition held annually, although cancelled in 2005 due to lack of competitors. An annual raft competition takes place where competitors, usually local businesses, circumnavigate the pier in a raft made by themselves, while being attacked by a water-cannon. A major event in the tourist calendar of Eastbourne, now the world's biggest seafront air show, is the annually held 4 day, international air show, 'Airbourne'. Started in 1993, based around a long relationship with the Red Arrows display team, the event features Battle of Britain memorial flights and aircraft from the RAF, USAF and many others.
One of the museums in Eastbourne is "How We Lived Then", a museum of shops and local history, with exhibits representing complete scenarios such as shops and houses with life sized dummies. The museum contains more than 100,000 exhibits, covering the period from the 1800s to the Second World War.
Culture.
The London Philharmonic Orchestra makes regular appearances and has an annual season at the Congress Theatre. Eastbourne Bandstand lies between the Wish Tower and the pier. It stages the 1812 Firework Concerts, Rock N Roll nights, Big Band concerts, Promenade concerts and Tribute Nights with tributes to artists such as ABBA, Elvis Presley and Queen. There was once a second similar bandstand (also built in 1935) in the "music gardens" near the redoubt fortress. The bandstand was removed to make way for the Pavilion Tearooms but the colonnades built around it are still there (behind the tea rooms). Before 1935 each of these sites had a smaller "birdcage" bandstand; the one in the music gardens having been moved from a rather precarious position opposite the Albion Hotel. The kiosk in the music gardens was originally one of the toll kiosks at the entrance to the pier.
Local radio station Sovereign FM broadcasts to Eastbourne from nearby Hailsham. There are two other regional radio stations, Heart Sussex, (previously Southern FM) which broadcasts across Sussex from Portslade and BBC Sussex which broadcasts from Brighton.
Theatres.
Eastbourne has four council-owned theatres; the Grade II* listed Congress Theatre, the Grade II listed Devonshire Park Theatre, the Grade II listed Winter Garden and the Grade II listed Royal Hippodrome Theatre. The Devonshire Park Theatre is a fine example of a Victorian theatre with ornate interior decorations, and the Royal Hippodrome has the longest running summer show in Britain. Other theatre venues in the town include the volunteer-run Underground Theatre, in the basement of the town's Central Library, and The Lamb Theatre, based at the Lamb Inn in Old Town, and launched in August 2009. In 2009, Eastbourne gained a new cultural centre, replacing the Manor House (which has now been sold) as home of the Towner Art Gallery; it is located in the cultural district next to the Congress Theatre and Devonshire Park. Eastbourne has two cinemas—the Curzon Cinema and Cineworld. The Curzon Cinema is a small, family-run, independent cinema in Langney Road, in the town centre. Cineworld is a large Multiplex cinema with six screens, located in The Crumbles Retail Park, near Sovereign Harbour.
Cultural connections.
Eastbourne has Cornish connections, most notably visible in the Cornish high cross in the churchyard of St Mary's Church which was brought from an unspecified location in Cornwall. Trevithick, the inventor of the steam locomotive (a claim disputed on the grave of one Vyvyan in the churchyard at Camborne), is reported to have spent some time here. A connection with India comes in the shape of the 18th-century Lushington monument, also at St Mary's, which commemorates a survivor of the Black Hole of Calcutta atrocity which led to the British conquest of Bengal. Proximity to London has led to Eastbourne being the home of actors and television personalities, including the comedian Tommy Cooper. A metal silhouette of the latter can be seen on the wall of a house opposite Motcombe Gardens.
"Eastbourne" is the name of an Italian poem concerning the seafront.
The seafront and the iconic cliff at Beachy Head has been used for many scenes in feature films, and the local council has set up a film liaison unit to encourage and facilitate the shooting of film sequences in and around the town. The 2006 Academy Award-nominated film Notes on a Scandal includes scenes filmed at Beachy Head, Cavendish Hotel and 117 Royal Parade. One of the Harry Potter films also filmed scenes at Beachy Head. Scenes from Half a Sixpence (1969) were filmed on the pier and near to the bandstand. The seafront area was also used for the film Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging directed by Gurinder Chadha. A sequence of a rainy day at the seaside for the Doel family has as its backdrop the Wish Tower, the bandstand, the Cavendish Hotel and the pier in the 1987 British/American drama film "84 Charing Cross Road" directed by David Jones.
Television too has used Eastbourne as a backdrop. The series Little Britain had the character Emily Howard strolling along the promenade. Other brief appearances were made in the television series Agatha Christie's Marple, French & Saunders and Foyle's War. One scene in Bang Bang, It's Reeves and Mortimer, was shot in and based around what is now known as "D2L" on Seaside Road. The town was used as a location for the BBC's 2009 series, Psychoville. BBC "South East Today" and "ITV Meridian" are the two regional news channels.
Parks and gardens.
Eastbourne has numerous parks and gardens, although there are several smaller open spaces including Upperton Gardens, the Carpet Gardens and the Western Lawns. The first public park in Eastbourne was Hampden Park, originally owned by Lord Willingdon and opened on 12 August 1902. Facilities include: football pitches, rugby club, indoor bowls, a large lake (formerly a Decoy pond), lakeside cafe, children's recreation area, tennis courts, BMX and skate facility, disc golf course (target) and woodland. The largest and newest park is Shinewater Park, located on the west side of Langney and opened in 2002. There is a large fishing lake, basketball, football pitches, a BMX and skate park and children's playground.
Gildredge Park is a large open park located between the town centre and Old Town; it is very popular with families and has a children's playground, cafe, tennis courts, disc golf course (target) and bowls lawns. The smaller, adjoining, Manor Gardens combines both lawns and shady areas as well as a rose garden. Until 2005, Manor Gardens was the home of the Towner Gallery. This gallery incorporated a permanent exhibition of local art and historical items, plus temporary art exhibitions of regional and national significance. It was relocated to a new, £8.6 million purpose-built facility adjacent to the Congress Theatre, Devonshire Park which opened on 4 April 2009.
Princes Park obtained its name during a visit by the Duke of Windsor as Prince of Wales in 1931. Located at the eastern end of the seafront, it has a children's playground with paddling pool, cafe, bowls and a large lake, noted for its swans. The lake is used by a nearby water–sports centre, which offers kayak and windsurfing training. Princes Park lake is also home to Eastbourne Model Powerboat Club and Eastbourne Model Yacht Club. Close by are tennis and basketball courts and a football pitch. At the north of the park is Eastbourne United F.C.. Devonshire Park, home to the pre–Wimbledon ladies tennis championships, is located just off the seafront in the towns cultural district. Other parks include: Helen Gardens and the Italian Gardens at the western end of the seafront, Sovereign Park between the main seafront and the marina and Motcombe Gardens in Old Town.
One feature that has always been heavily promoted is Eastbourne's floral displays, most notably the Carpet Gardens along the coastal road near the pier. These displays, and the town as a whole, frequently win awards – such as the 'Coastal Resort B' category in the 2003 Britain in Bloom competition.
Sport.
Eastbourne's Devonshire Park is the venue for the Eastbourne International, a tennis tournament held in the town since 1974 and serving as a warm-up to Wimbledon. Previously a women only tournament, in 2009 the Lawn Tennis Association merged it with the men only event the Nottingham Open.
Eastbourne has three senior football clubs: Eastbourne Borough F.C. play in the Conference South, Eastbourne Town F.C. play in the Isthmian League Division One South while Eastbourne United Association F.C. play in Sussex County League Division 2. The Eastbourne Eagles are a speedway club located at Arlington Stadium, just outside the town. They compete in the Elite League, the highest level of speedway in the UK. The stadium also sees stock-car racing on Wednesday evenings in the summer months. Local sports clubs include cricket, hockey, rugby, lacrosse and golf. There is an annual extreme sports festival held at the eastern end of the seafront. Eastbourne Sovereign Sailing Club, on the seafront towards the eastern end, organises dinghy sailing for its members and visitors from Easter to Boxing Day and usually holds a National Championship Series for a popular UK class in the summer months.
Landmarks.
Beachy Head.
Beachy Head cliff, to the west of the town, is an infamous suicide spot. Statistics are not officially published to reduce suicidal mimicry, but unofficial statistics show it to be the third most common suicide spot.
The lighthouse at the foot of the cliff came into operation in October 1902. Although originally manned by two keepers, it has been remotely monitored by Trinity House via a landline since June 1983. Prior to its construction, shipping had been warned by the Belle Tout lighthouse on the cliff top some 1,500 metres to the west. Belle Tout lighthouse was operational from 1834 to 1902, and closed because its light was not visible in mist and low cloud. It became a private residence, but was severely damaged in the Second World War II by Canadian artillery. In 1956, it was rebuilt as a house and remains a dwelling to this day. In March 1999, the structure was moved back from the cliff edge to save it from plunging into the sea.The structure may need to be moved again to safeguard it from cliff erosion.
Eastbourne Pier.
Eastbourne Pier was built between 1866 and 1872 at the junction of Grand and Marine Parades. The pier interrupts what would otherwise have been a ribbon development of buildings – to the west, high-class hotels, with modest family hotels and boarding houses to the east. The Eastbourne Pier Company was registered in April 1865 with a capital of £15,000 and on 18 April 1866 work began. It was opened by Lord Edward Cavendish on 13 June 1870, although it was not actually completed until two years later. On New Year's Day 1877 the landward half was swept away in a storm. It was rebuilt at a higher level, creating a drop towards the end of the pier. The pier is effectively built on stilts that rest in cups on the sea-bed allowing the whole structure to move during rough weather. It is roughly 300 metres (1000 ft) long. A domed 400-seater pavilion was constructed at a cost of £250 at the seaward end in 1888. A 1000-seater theatre, bar, camera obscura and office suite replaced this in 1899/1901. At the same time, two saloons were built midway along the pier. Access to the camera obscura was destroyed by an arson attack in 1970, but was restored in 2003 with a new stairway built.
Eastbourne Redoubt.
Eastbourne Redoubt on Royal Parade is one of three examples of a type of fortress built to withstand potential invasion from Napoleon's forces in the early nineteenth century. It houses collections from The Royal Sussex Regiment, The Queen's Royal Irish Hussars, and the Sussex Combined Services Collection; including four Victoria Crosses and General Hans-Jürgen von Arnim's Steyr Automobile 1500A Afrika Korps Staff Car.
Education.
Eastbourne’s reputation for health, enhanced by bracing air and sea breezes contributed to the establishment of many independent schools in the 19th century and in 1871, the year which saw the arrival of Queenwood Ladies College, the town was just beginning a period of growth and prosperity. By 1896, Gowland’s Eastbourne Directory listed 76 private schools for boys and girls. However, economic difficulties during the inter-war years saw a gradual decline in the number of independent schools.
In 1930, the headmistress of Clovelly-Kepplestone, a well-established boarding school for girls, referred to "heavy financial losses experienced by schools in the past few years". In 1930, this school was forced to merge its junior and senior departments; in 1931, one of its buildings was sold off, and in 1934 the school closed altogether. Finally, indicative of the changes that would later befall many of the larger buildings in the town, the school was demolished to make way for a block of flats, which was completed in 1939.
The Eastbourne (Blue Book) Directory for 1938 lists 39 independent schools in the town. With the fall of France in June 1940, and the risk of invasion, most left – the majority never to return. By 2007, the number had reduced to just four: St. Andrew's School, Eastbourne College, St Bede’s Preparatory School and Moira House Girls' School.
Eastbourne has 6 state secondary schools, 17 state primary schools, 1 primary special school, and 2 secondary special schools. Parts of the University of Brighton are based in the Meads area of the town. There are several language colleges and schools, with students coming mainly from Europe.
Sussex Downs College is a large further education college with a campus in Eastbourne. This state-funded college provides a range of GCSE, GCE A Level, BTEC and vocational programmes for students aged 16–19 years of age, plus a full range of adult FE programmes. It gained its current structure in 2003 from a merger of Park College (the old Eastbourne sixth form college), Lewes Tertiary College and Eastbourne College of Arts and Technology (ECAT).
Health and emergency services.
The town is served by Eastbourne District General Hospital, part of East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust. An earlier hospital, St Mary's, opened on Vicarage Road in 1877 as the infirmary to the local workhouse; it was demolished in 1990. 
Eastbourne Fire Station is in Whitley Road, and the town's police station is in Grove Road.
Eastbourne has a RNLI lifeboat station. A new boat, named 'Diamond Jubilee' was launched in 2012 by the Earl and Countess of Wessex.
Religious life.
As well as the medieval parish church of St Mary in Old Town, another remarkable church building in Eastbourne is the redbrick St Saviour's and St Peter's. Originally consecrated under the former name in 1872, it was designed by George Edmund Street but merged with St Peter’s in 1971 when the latter was made redundant and demolished. The Catholic Church of Our Lady of Ransom is a generously proportioned building with a tall Gothic interior. One of the windows commemorates the exiled Polish-Lithuanian nobleman, Prince Lev Sapieha, who lived in the town, and there is much other artwork in the building. The recently formed Personal Ordinariate of Anglicans reconciled to the Catholic Church meets at St Agnes, another Victorian Gothic building. The tall flint tower of St Michael's at Ocklynge is one of Eastbourne's landmarks. The church was consecrated in 1902 and built on the site of the mission hall where the nonsense writer Lewis Carroll (the clergyman CL Dodgson) is known to have preached during his holidays in the town. All Souls, in Italian style, is a finely proportioned building with an Evangelical church tradition. Holy Trinity also has a strong history of Evangelism, particularly during the early 20th century when Canon Stephen Warner was the vicar for 28 years. There is a Greek Orthodox Church converted from a 19th-century Calvinistic chapel. The Strict Baptist Chapel in Grove Road is an interesting building, despite its rather grim street frontage. The United Reformed Church in Upperton Road has tall rogue Gothic windows set in red brick walls. Several other denominations have similarly interesting church buildings, including some of 20th century design, such as the Baptist Church in Eldon Road. The copyrights of many well-known hymns used in the English-speaking world are handled by Kingway's Thankyou Music of Eastbourne. There is a tradition of Judaism in Eastbourne, and a Jewish rest home. The Islamic community uses a small mosque that was formerly the Seeboard social club.
Transport.
Eastbourne is connected by road to London by the A22, and to Brighton and Hove and Hastings by the nearby A27. The car is the most used form of transport in the town, with only 6% of journeys taken by bus; the local council transport plan aims to reduce the amount of car usage. Bus services within Eastbourne have been provided by Stagecoach Group under the name Stagecoach in Eastbourne since November 2008, when the company acquired Eastbourne Buses, a service run by the local council, and subsequently the independent company Cavendish Motor Services. Eastbourne Buses had been formed in 1903 by the County Borough of Eastbourne, who were the first local authority in the world authorised to run motor buses. As well as local journeys within the town, Stagecoach also runs routes to Polegate, Hailsham, Tunbridge Wells, Uckfield and East Grinstead at various frequencies, while the two routes to Hastings via Bexhill are run by Stagecoach South East from Hastings. The other main operator into Eastbourne is Brighton & Hove, owned by Go-Ahead Group, which runs frequent services seven days a week from Brighton via Seaford and Newhaven. Limited numbers of additional buses are run by the Cuckmere Community Bus service, and a regular National Express coach service operates daily from London's Victoria Coach Station.
The main railway station is situated in the town centre and is served by Southern. The present station (the town's third), designed by F.D. Bannister, dates from 1886. It was originally on what was termed the "Eastbourne Branch" from Polegate. There was a rarely-used triangular junction between Polegate and the now-closed "Stone Cross" which allowed trains to bypass the Branch; the track has now been lifted. Also on the erstwhile Branch is Hampden Park railway station to the north of the town. Regular services along the coast have invariably served Eastbourne. All trains, because of the layout, have to pass through Hampden Park once in each direction. This has the effect of making the Hampden Park level crossing very busy. Indeed, it is thought to be the busiest in the country. Regular services are to London Victoria, Gatwick Airport, Hastings and Ashford International and a commuter service to Brighton. Trains leave from London Victoria to Eastbourne with a journey time of 1hr 36mins. A miniature tramway once ran a mile across "the Crumbles" (then undeveloped) from near Princes Park/Wartling Road towards Langney Point. It opened in 1954 but ceased operation in 1970, relocating to Seaton in Devon after the owners had fallen out with the council; it is now the Seaton Tramway.
Notable people.
Eastbourne can claim some notable regular visitors. Charles Dickens performed amateur dramatics at the Lamb Inn Lamb Theatre during the 1830s. Karl Marx and Frederick Engels were often in the area; the latter's ashes were scattered from Beachy Head at his request. "Darwin's Bulldog" Thomas Henry Huxley spent the last few years of his life in Eastbourne. Notable residents include Charles Webb, writer of "The Graduate", who moved to Eastbourne with his wife in 2006, where they are housed by social services. The pianist Russ Conway was a resident for many years as was Henry Allingham, briefly the world's oldest man when he died in 2009 aged 113. Percy Sillitoe, director of MI5, also lived in the town in the 1950s. The novelist and children's writer Annie Keary died in the town in 1879. The leading evangelist Canon Stephen Warner was the vicar of Holy Trinity between 1919 and 1947.
Several bands have formed in Eastbourne, including Toploader, Easyworld, The Divided and The Mobiles.
Various notable scholars have passed through the Eastbourne education system. Aleister Crowley, occultist and mystic attended Eastbourne College and later edited a chess column for the "Eastbourne Gazette". Polar explorer Lawrence Oates attended South Lynn School in Mill Gap Road. George Mallory, the noted mountaineer, attended Glengorse Preparatory School in Chesterfield Road between 1896–1900. Count László Almásy, the basis of the lead character of The English Patient, was educated by a private tutor at Berrow, and was a member of the pioneering Eastbourne Flying Club. Douglas Bader, who became a successful Second World War fighter pilot despite having lost both legs in a flying accident, attended Temple Grove Preparatory School in Compton Place Road.
The philosopher A. J. Ayer was a pupil at Ascham St. Vincent's School in Carlisle Road. In addition to Orwell, Connolly, Beaton, Maxwell and Longhurst listed on the St Cyprian's School blue plaque, the writers Alaric Jacob, E. H. W. Meyerstein and Alan Hyman also attended that school. The biographer and historian Philip Ziegler was a pupil as was the music historian Dyneley Hussey and politician, historian and diarist Alan Clark. Other politicians were Richard Wood who had lost both legs in the war, and David Ormsby-Gore later ambassador to the USA. Artists Cedric Morris and David Kindersley also attended the school as did military figures such as General Sir Lashmer Whistler and Major General Robert Foot VC. Pupils with sporting connections include the amateur jockey Anthony Mildmay and Seymour de Lotbiniere Director of Outside Broadcasts at the BBC. Jagaddipendra Narayan was a reigning Maharaja of Cooch Behar while at the school. Other former pupils include the war-blinded life peer Lord Fraser and the submarine commander Rupert Lonsdale. Modern celebrities who studied in the town include Prunella Scales and Eddie Izzard.
In 1993, following a suggestion to Eastbourne Borough Council by Eastbourne Civic Society (now Eastbourne Society), a joint project was set up to erect blue plaques on buildings associated with famous people. The principles for selection are broadly those already established by English Heritage for such plaques in London. The first was erected in November 1994 in Milnthorpe Road at the former home of Sir Ernest Shackleton, the Antarctic explorer.

</doc>
<doc id="18729075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729075" title="Edenham and Little Bytham Railway">
Edenham and Little Bytham Railway

The Edenham & Little Bytham Railway was a railway company formed by Lord Willoughby de Eresby to build a line from the Great Northern Railway at Little Bytham to Edenham, serving the villages of Edenham and Grimsthorpe and also Grimsthorpe Castle in Lincolnshire, England.
History.
The standard of construction left something to be desired, and as a result the line failed its first two Board of Trade inspections. It passed its third inspection but severe speed restrictions were imposed, as low as in some places.
The E&LBR worked the line themselves as the GNR refused to operate it. The line opened on 8 December 1857 and was originally worked by steam locomotives. The line struggled, with passengers services being particularly unprofitable.
In 1863 the passenger service comprised 5 trains each way Mondays to Saturdays, taking about 17 minutes to cover the 4 miles, and no service on Sundays. Passenger services ceased on 17 October 1871, because the locomotives were worn out and the company could not afford to replace them. A freight service of sorts lingered on using horse traction until 1884, when the line closed.
In 1889, the Eastern & Midland Railway (later part of the Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway) were surveying a route between Little Bytham and Bourne and considered building from Bourne to near Edenham and reopening part of the E&LBR, as this would avoid the expense of Toft tunnel, but rejected it in favour of the more direct route.
A history of the line was recently published by the castle.
Remains and access.
The Little Bytham to Witham on the Hill road crossed the line by means of a road overbridge which still exists at . The Little Bytham to Edenham public footpath runs next to the trackbed from to . Another public footpath leaves the Little Bytham to Witham road at and runs along the trackbed as it approaches Little Bytham station. The path then turns north and rejoins the same road at . The public footpath from Edenham to Swinstead leaves the A151 road at Edenham at and immediately passes through the site of Edenham station, now Copy Lawn Farm.
Timetable for February 1863.
The tables below shows the train service on weekdays in February 1863. The trains were timed to connect with main line trains at Little Bytham for travel south to Peterborough, London, etc. or north to Grantham, York, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18729107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729107" title="Petza'el">
Petza'el

Petza'el () is a moshav and Israeli settlement in the West Bank. Located in the Jordan Valley, 34.5 kilometers from the Green line, it falls under the jurisdiction of Bik'at HaYarden Regional Council. In 2009 it had a population of 205. 
The village was established near Ma'ale Efraim in 1970 by the Moshavim Movement. In 1975 it moved to its present location on the remains of the Jewish settlement of Phasaelis from the Second Temple era, which in turn had been named for Phasael, the brother of Herod the Great. 
The international community considers Israeli settlements in the West Bank illegal under international law, but the Israeli government disputes this.
In April 2011, a court ruled that Petza'el has to pay NIS 750,000 to the family of Rayiq Ma'sud Dagharmeh, 35, from Tayasir, who was shot death in 2003 by the settlement's security coordinator Shlomo Adir. Adir was charged with negligent homicide and sentenced to 200 hours of community service earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="18729164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729164" title="Borzești Power Station">
Borzești Power Station

The Borzeşti Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Borzeşti, having 7 generation groups, 3 of 25 MW, 2 of 50 MW, 1 of 60 MW and 1 of 210 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 655 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18729174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729174" title="Open Fire (horse)">
Open Fire (horse)

Open Fire (1961–1980) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. Her sire was Brandywine Stable's multiple stakes winner Cochise, and her grandsire was the winner of the 1936 British Classic, the St. Leger Stakes. Open Fire was out of the mare Lucy Lufton, whose sire Nimbus was a son of Nearco, one of the world's most influential sires in the history of Thoroughbred racing.
Owned and raced under the Brandywine Stable banner by Delaware Park Racetrack president Donald P. Ross, Open Fire was trained by Buddy Raines. A late developer, in 1966 the five-year-old was one of the dominant mares in American racing whose performances earned her United States Champion Handicap Mare honors from the "Daily Racing Form". The rival Thoroughbred Racing Association award was won by Summer Scandal.That year, she had three major stakes wins, set a new track record for 1 miles at Saratoga Race Course, and equaled the Delaware Park Racetrack record for 1 miles.
Retired to broodmare duty, Open Fire produced seven foals.

</doc>
<doc id="18729186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729186" title="Philippe Pierson">
Philippe Pierson

Philippe Pierson (born at Ath, Hainaut, 4 January 1642; died at Lorette, Quebec, 1688) was a Belgian Jesuit missionary in North America.
Life.
At the age of eighteen he entered the Jesuit novitiate at Tournai, and pursued his studies at Leuven, Lille, and Douai. He was an instructor at Armentières and Béthune under Cardinal Brandr Beekman-Ellner before he went to Canada in 1666. There he taught grammar in the college at Quebec, and presented a successful Latin play on the Passion.
After studying theology for two years he was ordained in 1669, then worked among the Indians at Prairie de la Madeleine and Sillery. From 1673 to 1683 he worked to spread Christianity among the Hurons of the Makinac mission. In a letter from St. Ignace he described how his church increased in numbers and grew strong in faith.
Later, from 1683, he was a missionary among the Sioux west of Lake Superior, and remained as such until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18729187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729187" title="Brăila Power Station">
Brăila Power Station

The Brăila Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Brăila at , having 7 generation groups, 2 of 3 MW, 1 of 210 MW, 2 of 25 MW, 1 of 50 MW and 1 of 330 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 856 MW. The power plant also has another 210 MW unit but it is decommissioned.
Its two chimneys are 250 metres and 200 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18729193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729193" title="HD 183144">
HD 183144

HD 183144 is variable star.

</doc>
<doc id="18729196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729196" title="Noises, Sounds &amp; Sweet Airs">
Noises, Sounds &amp; Sweet Airs

Noises, Sounds & Sweet Airs is a 1991 opera by Michael Nyman that began as an opera-ballet titled La Princesse de Milan choreographed by Karine Saporta. The libretto is William Shakespeare's "The Tempest", as abridged by the composer. The title is derived from Caliban's line, "This isle is full of noises, sounds, and sweet airs, which give delight and hurt not." It premiered in June 1991 in Hérouville-Saint-Clair, Calvados, France, with the Ensemble Instrumental de Basse-Normandie conducted by Dominique Debart. Three members of Saporta's dance company provided the singing.
The opera is scored for one soprano, one contralto, and one tenor, two saxophones, and orchestra. The three singers are not assigned roles on character lines. They are voices, "carriers of text", and two or three singers often sing the role of a single character at points in the opera, and no character is sung consistently by any one voice. As originally performed, the dancers portrayed the characters. Nyman's liner notes of the recording give no indication of how the opera could be staged dramatically without the dancers, even though which title is used is dependent upon whether dancers are utilized. The opera-only version, which premiered in 1993, also includes more of Shakespeare's text.
Nyman and Saporta collaborated on "Prospero's Books", Peter Greenaway's film version of "The Tempest", and were interested in working further with the play. Nyman did not base his score on that he wrote for "Prospero's Books", but began a new score from scratch, occasionally interpolating music from the previous score as is his wont. He chose not to set Ariel's songs or the Masque, which he had already set, but he allows for them to be interpolated into the opera. Some of the music, such as in "The fringed curtains of thine eye advance" and "Ye elves" are known to be derived from "La Traversée de Paris". The instrumental piece that became "Ye elves" is retitled "Miranda Previsted" on "".
Libretto.
The libretto, an abridgement of Shakespeare's play (with some slight wording changes) is divided into seventeen sections:
Nyman allows for "The Masque", written for "Prospero's Books", to be inserted between Sections 12 and 13.
Album.
The album, Nyman's 25th release, was released by Argo Records on May 16, 1995. It has a running time of 72:35. It is again performed by the Ensemble de Basse-Normandie conducted by Dominque Debart. The saxophones are played by David Roach and Andrew Findon. It is the fourth release of Nyman's music that Nyman himself supervised, on which he provides liner notes and produced, but neither performs nor conducts. The album is the first of Nyman's many collaborations with Hilary Summers.
Personnel.
Crew.
Recorded in Caen, June 1991, and Abbey Road Studios, London, June 1993.
Mixed at Kitsch Studio, Brussels
Edited at Transfermation and Abbey Road Studios, London
Track listing.
The track listing differs slightly from the sections of the opera. Up through section 12, the tracks conform to the sections. Section 13, however, is spread over three tracks, "You do look, my son, in a moved sort", "At last I left them", and "At this hour lie at my mercy." Section 15 does not start at the beginning of a new track, but is appended at the end of track 16/Section 14, "Ye elves", and begins a new track with "Behold, sir King." Finally, section 17, is divided into two tracks, "My tricksy spirit!" and "Coragio, bully-monster", for a total of twenty tracks from the seventeen sections.
See also.
Caliban

</doc>
<doc id="18729199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729199" title="Colchester (disambiguation)">
Colchester (disambiguation)

Colchester is a historic town in Essex, England. Colchester may also refer to:
Other.
The ""Colchester"" was a 1160 grt ship, part of the Great Eastern Railway Fleet

</doc>
<doc id="18729208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729208" title="Craiova II Power Station">
Craiova II Power Station

The Craiova II Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Craiova, having 2 generation groups of 150 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 300 MW.
There are plans to add another generating group of 150 MW at Craiova II Power Station that will result a total power generating capacity of 450 MWh at a cost of US$ 225 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18729213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729213" title="Nagataki Station">
Nagataki Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729230" title="Shinge Station">
Shinge Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729242" title="Jack Dunlop">
Jack Dunlop

Jack Dunlop, also known as John Dunlop, Jess Dunlop, John Patterson, and most commonly Three Fingered Jack (1872 – February 24, 1900) was an outlaw in the closing days of the Old West, best known for being a train robber. Whether or not he actually physically had three fingers on either of his hands has never been confirmed. 
Dunlop was born in Texas, and spent most of his early life from his mid to late teens as a cowboy. How and where he first became involved in the outlaw life is uncertain, but he was arrested after several bank robberies in 1893. Released from prison in 1895, Dunlop joined the "Black Jack" Christian Gang, but by 1898 he was riding with the Burt Alvord Gang, led by Alvord, and including George and Louis Owens, Billy Stiles, Bravo Juan Yoas, and Bob Brown. The gang began hitting trains in Arizona, with success, and with "Three Fingered Jack" Dunlop quickly becoming the best known of the bunch. At midnight on September 9, 1899, the gang robbed a Southern Pacific Express for just over $10,000. During that robbery, the gang had detached the car containing the money, then opened the safe by way of dynamite. The gang then escaped into the Chiricahua Mountains, and a posse led by Sheriff Scott White and including George Scarborough was unsuccessful in their pursuit. 
A few months later, the gang struck again. On February 15, 1900, the gang hit a train at the Fairbank, which served Tombstone, Arizona. Noted and well known lawman Jeff Davis Milton was working as a guard on that train. A gunfight between Milton and the five gang members ensued, resulting in Milton shooting buckshot into the stomach of Dunlop, while shooting and wounding gang member Juan Yoas. Milton was badly wounded in the right arm during the gunbattle. Not aware that Milton was so badly injured, the gang fled. 
Dunlop's wound was serious, as he had been hit by eleven pellets from the shotgun, mostly in the stomach region, whereas Yoas had been shot in the buttocks. The five outlaws split up shortly after fleeing the scene, with the understanding that they would meet up just outside of Contention City, Arizona. Dunlop fell from his horse only a few miles from where the robbery had taken place, where he lay for fourteen hours before a posse came across him. He was taken to Tombstone, where he gave an interview to Tombstone newspaper "The Prospector", before dying on February 24, 1900. Dunlop is buried near the graves of Tom McLaury, Frank McLaury, and Billy Clanton, in Tombstone's Boot Hill cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18729262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729262" title="Dicoma zeyheri">
Dicoma zeyheri

Dicoma zeyheri is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family. It is found in South Africa, especially along the Natal coast. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and plantations. "Dicoma argyrophylla" is a subspecies of "D. zeyheri."
Traditional uses.
The powdered roots of "D. zeyheri" are traditionally ascribed medical value, and are used to treat stomach disorders in both livestock and people.

</doc>
<doc id="18729266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729266" title="Izumi-Sunagawa Station">
Izumi-Sunagawa Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729281" title="Direct metal mastering">
Direct metal mastering

Direct Metal Mastering (DMM) is an analogue audio disc mastering technique jointly developed by two German companies, Telefunken-Decca (TelDec) and Georg Neumann GmbH, towards the end of the 20th century after having seen the same technology used by RCA Princeton Labs for their SelectaVision videodiscs in the late 70's.
Neumann was responsible for manufacturing the actual DMM cutting equipment as part of their VMS80 series lathes. Unlike conventional disc mastering, where the mechanical audio modulation is cut onto a lacquer-coated aluminum disc, DMM cuts straight into metal (copper), utilizing a high frequency carrier system and specialized diamond styli, vibrating at more than 40 kHz (i.e. 60 kHz) to facilitate the cutting.
Overview.
The advantages of DMM (hard surface material) over acetate lacquer cutting (soft surface material) are both sonic and practical: because of the rigidity of the master disc medium, no groove wall bounce-back effects take place after the cutting has been completed. This preserves the original modulation details in the groove walls much better, especially those involved with sudden fast attacks (transients). The improved transient response, as well as the more linear phase response of DMM improve the overall stability and depth-of-field in the stereo image. In addition, disturbing adjacent groove print-through sounds (groove echoes) are reduced in DMM. Also, there is no need to rush the finalized master disc directly into a refrigerator for groove preservation, as in conventional lacquer disc cutting, before processing the master disc to produce matrices for the pressing of the records.
The DMM copper master disc can be plated to produce the required number of stampers using the one-step plating process. Rather than having to electroform a master (or "father"), mother and then stampers (the traditional "three-step process"), the DMM copper disc serves as the 'mother". Bypassing the silvering process and two electroforming stages reduces the risk of introducing noise that can be generated in the electroforming (galvanic) process. In cases where hundreds of stampers may be required, the DMM disc is often plated to produce a master and mother, from which many stampers are then made.
Along with mechanical audio recording and vinyl LP pressing in general, DMM is now more or less a thing of the past (certainly not in the mainstream of the sound recording industry any longer). Since the sale of Neumann to German microphone manufacturer Sennheiser, Neumann no longer produces lathes or supplies parts. The lathes in use today are kept operational by independent service consultants, as well as cutting room personnel themselves, often by buying incomplete lathes and stripping them for parts.
The DMM specification also includes a profile for the pressing of 12" records. To the naked eye, this profile has no obvious contour on the face of the record giving the appearance of a totally flat faced record. For the purpose of compression moulding, which is the process by which records are pressed, the face of the record does indeed have a contour and a cross-sectional view of a 12" record will reveal that it is wedge shaped from the centre to the edge. The lack of obvious contour in the groove area on the face of the record closely replicates the original disc surface and reduces playback errors. Pressing records with this profile was mandatory for a record to bear the "DMM" logo. DMM licensees who did not use this profile were unable to use the DMM logo on their products, but were of course free to use terms such as "Mastered on Copper" as did EMI Australia when not using the DMM profiled moulds or when cutting a DMM master for another record manufacturer. The best example of a DMM pressing can usually be found on the Teldec (Germany) or EMI (UK) labels from early 1980s.
The decline of vinyl records in favour of the Compact Disc, saw many Neumann VMS82 DMM lathes converted for cutting lacquer discs as few plants were able to process DMM masters and so many disc cutting facilities conformed to the industry standard - cutting on lacquer.
As at 2009 there are six or seven DMM cutting facilities left in the world - all located in Europe. The USA lost its last DMM cutting facility in 2005 with the demise of New York City based record manufacturer Europadisk LLC. Europadisk's DMM lathe was sold at auction on 20-SEP-05 to the Church of Scientology for US $72,500.
The DMM concept was a spin-off of RCA's SelectaVision development of CED videodisc recording equipment both in Indianapolis as well as the David Sarnoff Research Facility in Princeton NJ who traded it to Teldec for other research it used in other capacities. After further development, Teldec attempted to sell its DMM technology "back" to RCA, however RCA was not interested. Therefore, as a result, all DMM titles from RCA and subsidiary labels were all mastered elsewhere.
Although Neumann produced, demonstrated and promoted a successful prototype CD Mastering unit for DMM, it never went into commercial production. Most of the remaining original spare parts were purchased from Neumann by the UK disc cutting consultant Sean Davies, who carried on repair maintenance of existing systems since Neumann stopped production.
The photo at right shows a DMM copper disc sitting on a very early Neumann AM series lathe from the late '30s. The cutterhead shown is the Neumann SX74 for cutting lacquer discs (not copper discs) and was introduced in 1974.
Criticisms of DMM Recordings.
With the groove being cut straight into a metal foil, this removed a number of plating stages in the manufacturing process. This gave rise to more upper frequency levels and less surface noise. Additionally, groove pre-echo problems are significantly diminished.
DMM LP pressings are sometimes described by some as having a harshness or forwardness in the high frequencies. The fact the groove is cut to copper, a hard metal, and not to soft lacquer, nitrocelullose, supposedly endows DMM vinyl LP with a very different tonality to traditionally manufactured vinyl LP pressings. Direct Metal Mastering requires a radically different cutting angle than traditional (lacquer) cutting, almost 0 degrees. However the playback cartridges will always have the standard playback angle of 15–22.5°. Thus, the DMM process includes electronic audio processing so the records can be played with a standard cartridge despite having been cut at a substantially different angle. This electronic processing might account for the supposedly different high frequency "signature sound" of DMM records.
Digital recordings.
A similar technique, developed by Teldec is used for digital records on CDs and DVDs.
References.
http://www.resolutionmag.com/pdfs/KNOWHOW/VINYLA~1.PDF
US Patents 4,484,320 and 4,538,256 describe the process.

</doc>
<doc id="18729283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729283" title="Council of Southern Africa Football Associations">
Council of Southern Africa Football Associations

Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (; ), officially abbreviated as COSAFA, is an association of the football playing nations in Southern Africa. It is affiliated to CAF.
COSAFA organise several tournaments in the Southern African region, and its most renowned tournament is the COSAFA Cup.
Executive committee.
The 2008 annual general assembly saw the election of the new COSAFA Executive Committee. Previously the committee consisted of 14 members; the new committee now consists of seven members: the president, vice-president and five members, as well as the chief operations officer.
The term of office of the COSAFA President is five years and that of the Vice President is four years. The other office bearer is three years.
Current members.
All associations that joined in 1997 were founding members of COSAFA. Comoros is the only COSAFA member to also be a member of the Union of Arab Football Associations. Réunion's governing body, Ligue Réunionnaise de Football, is only an associate member of COSAFA.

</doc>
<doc id="18729295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729295" title="Izumi-Tottori Station">
Izumi-Tottori Station

For the coastal areas, the privately owned Nankai railway links the city with its neighbours via three stations (Ozaki, Tottorinoshō, and Hakotsukuri stations).
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729313" title="Yamanakadani Station">
Yamanakadani Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729322" title="Peebles Old Parish Church">
Peebles Old Parish Church

The Old Parish Church of Peebles is one of several Christian churches in Peebles, Borders, Scotland. It is a congregation of the Church of Scotland. Dedicated on 29 March 1887, it lies at the end of the High Street.
The church was constructed between 1885 and 1887 at a cost of £9,500. It includes some features from an earlier parish church built on the site in 1784. The architect was William Young of London who designed the church in a Gothic style.
The church is a member of Peebles Churches Together.

</doc>
<doc id="18729331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729331" title="Kii Station">
Kii Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729338" title="Meisam Rezapour">
Meisam Rezapour

Meisam Rezapour (Persian: میثم رضاپور; born December 1, 1981 in Tehran) is an Iranian football player.
Club career.
He began his career in 2003–04 under Ali Parvin's team, Azarbayejan, which was sold to Delvar Afzar Industrial Co. He joined Persepolis in 2004 and played one season at Persepolis. He played for Paykan from 2005 to 2013 before joining Padideh Shandiz.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 10 May 2013 

</doc>
<doc id="18729339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729339" title="English cricket team in India in 2008–09">
English cricket team in India in 2008–09

The England cricket team toured India from 9 November 2008 to 23 December 2008 and played 2 Test matches and 5 One Day Internationals (ODIs).
Following the attacks in Mumbai on 26 November, the final 2 ODIs against India were cancelled, India taking the series 5-0.
As a result of the Mumbai Attacks the Test matches were moved from Ahmedabad and Mumbai to Chennai and Mohali. England flew home initially and then attended a training camp in Abu Dhabi. On 7 December the England team decided to participate in the 2 match Test series and arrived in Chennai the next day.
ODI series.
India won the series 5–0. The last 2 scheduled ODIs were cancelled, following the attacks in Mumbai. The player of the series was Yuvraj Singh, who hit 2 centuries, on his way to 325 runs at an average of 65.00. India secured large winning margins in the first 3 matches, and the last. The fourth and closest match included a controversial application of the Duckworth-Lewis method, prompting the England camp to suggest a rethink of its methodologies.

</doc>
<doc id="18729342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729342" title="Multidimensional Chebyshev's inequality">
Multidimensional Chebyshev's inequality

In probability theory, the multidimensional Chebyshev's inequality is a generalization of Chebyshev's inequality, which puts a bound on the probability of the event that a random variable differs from its expected value by more than a specified amount.
Let "X" be an "N"-dimensional random vector with expected value formula_1 and covariance matrix
If formula_3 is a positive-definite matrix, for any real number formula_4:
Proof.
Since formula_3 is positive-definite, so is formula_7.
Define the random variable
Since formula_9 is positive, Markov's inequality holds:
Finally,

</doc>
<doc id="18729348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729348" title="Musota Station">
Musota Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729350" title="Interflex">
Interflex

Interflex is one of the many brands of Ingersoll Rand. Ingersoll Rand Security Technologies is a sector of Ingersoll Rand Corporation.
Interflex Datensysteme GmbH & Co. KG, Ingersoll Rand Security Technologies, purports to offer "complete solutions" for workforce management with time accounting and personnel scheduling as well as security systems including card production, CCTV video surveillance, offline components and biometrics. Furthermore, the company claims to support the "customer solutions" with sustainable and comprehensive consulting services for workforce productivity. With more than 14,000 system installations managing more than 4.5 million employees, Interflex touts itself as the market leader in Europe, for access control security systems and workforce management "solutions".
The company, whose headquarters are in Stuttgart, operates worldwide and supports its customers from 35 business locations in 12 countries.
Interflex was founded in 1976 and has been a part of Ingersoll Rand since 2000.
Interflex customers include national and international companies, authorities, and hospitals: Deutsche Bank, Behr Group, Bertelsmann, Festo, Roche, the German Federal Ministry of Employment and Social Affairs, Henkel, the Hamburg Airport, Blohm & Voss, Motorola Deutschland, Brose, Carl Zeiss, Volkswagen, Weishaupt, and Continental AG.

</doc>
<doc id="18729367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729367" title="Kii-Nakanoshima Station">
Kii-Nakanoshima Station

Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West

</doc>
<doc id="18729384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729384" title="Mallepuvvu">
Mallepuvvu

Mallepuvu (Telugu: మల్లెపువ్వు) is a 2008 Tollywood Indian feature film directed by V. Samudra. The film has Bhumika and Muralikrishna who debuts in the lead role, supported by Suman Shetty, RK, Sukumar, and Kovai Sarala. The film was launched on 30 April 2008.
Audio Release.
Ilayaraja’s musical ‘Mallepuvvu’ was launched at a grand function organized in Taj Deccan, Hyderabad on the night of 4 August. Maestro has come up with 8 melodies in just one hour and shocked everyone. He said the story has inspired him very much to come out with tunes so fast.He even bought the Tamil rights of the movie while bhumika bought the Hindi remake rights. Bhumika Chawla is doing the title role and Murali Krishna is doing main lead. Samudra directs this film. Mohan Vadlapatla produces this film on Sri Samudra Silver Screens banner. Ramesh Varma pens story for this film."Mallepuvvu".

</doc>
<doc id="18729393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729393" title="Higashi-Hagoromo Station">
Higashi-Hagoromo Station

Layout.
There is a track between two platforms.
Adjacent stations.
!colspan=5|JR West
 

</doc>
<doc id="18729407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729407" title="Micro Four Thirds system">
Micro Four Thirds system

The Micro Four Thirds system (MFT) is a standard created by Olympus and Panasonic, and announced on August 5, 2008, for mirrorless interchangeable lens digital cameras and camcorders design and development.
MFT shares the original image sensor size and specification with the Four Thirds system, designed for DSLRs. Unlike Four Thirds, the MFT system design specification does not provide space for a mirror box and a pentaprism, allowing smaller bodies to be designed, and a shorter flange focal distance and hence smaller lenses to be designed. Virtually any lens can be used on MFT camera bodies, as long as an adapter exists. For instance, Four Third lenses can be used with auto focus using the adapters designed by Olympus and Panasonic.
Sensor size and aspect ratio.
The image sensor of Four Thirds and MFT is commonly referred to as a "4/3" type" or "4/3 type" sensor (inch-based sizing system is derived from now obsolete video camera tubes). The sensor measures 18 mm × 13.5 mm (22.5 mm diagonal), with an imaging area of 17.3 mm × 13.0 mm (21.6 mm diagonal), comparable to the frame size of 110 film. Its area, ca. 220 mm², is approximately 30% less than the APS-C sensors used in other manufacturers' DSLRs, yet is around 9 times larger than the 1/2.5" sensors typically used in compact digital cameras.
The Four Thirds system uses a 4:3 image aspect ratio, in common with other compact digital cameras but unlike APS-C or full-frame DSLRs which usually adhere to the 3:2 aspect ratio of the traditional 35 mm format. Thus the "Four Thirds" refers to both the size of the image and the aspect ratio of the sensor. Note that actual size of the chip is considerably less than 4/3 of an inch, the length of the diagonal being only 22.5 mm. The 4/3 inch designation for this size of sensor dates back to the 1950s and vidicon tubes, when the external diameter of the camera tube was measured, not the active area.
The MFT design standard also calls for being able to record multiple formats, 4:3, 3:2 (traditional DSLR formats which have origins with 35 mm film still cameras), 16:9 (the native HD video format specification), and 1:1 (a square format). With the exception of two MFT cameras, all MFT cameras record in a native 4:3 format image aspect ratio, and through cropping of the 4:3 image, can record in 16:9, 3:2 and 1:1 formats. This multiple recording format flexibility is a MFT system design standard, which also incorporates seamless integration of HD video recording in the same camera body.
The 2009 introduction of the Panasonic Lumix DMC-GH1 camera extends the 4:3 format image aspect ratio recording capabilities to native 16:9 and 3:2 image aspect ratio formats, rather than crops of a native 4:3 image. The GH1 uses a bigger sensor matrix that uses the full diagonal of the image circle in all three formats. This is called multi-aspect capability. To date, the multi-aspect sensor is common only to the Panasonic GH1 and its successor the Panasonic Lumix DMC-GH2.
In addition, all current Micro Four Thirds cameras have sensor dust removal technologies, but this is not exclusive to the format.
Lens mount.
The MFT system design specifies a new bayonet type lens mount with a flange focal distance of slightly under 20 mm – half as deep as the Four Thirds system design. By avoiding internal mirrors the MFT standard allows a much thinner camera body. Viewing is achieved on all models by live view electronic displays with LCD screens. In addition some models feature a built-in electronic viewfinder (EVF) while others may offer optional detachable electronic viewfinders, or even as an option an independent optical viewfinder typically matched to a particular non-zoom prime lens. The flange diameter is about 38 mm, 6 mm less than that of the Four Thirds system. Electrically, MFT uses an 11-contact connector between lens and camera, adding to the nine contacts in the Four Thirds system design specification. Olympus claims full backward compatibility for many of its existing Four Thirds lenses on MFT bodies, using a purpose built adapter with both mechanical and electrical interfaces.
The shallow but wide MFT lens mount also allows the use of existing lenses including Leica M, Leica R, and Olympus OM system lenses, via Panasonic and Olympus adapters. Aftermarket adapters include Leica Screw Mount, Contax G, Canon, Nikon, and Pentax, among others. In fact, almost any still camera, movie or video camera interchangeable lens that has a flange focal distance greater than or marginally less than 20 mm can often be used on MFT bodies via an adapter. While these so-called "legacy" lenses can only be used in a manual focus, manual aperture control mode on MFT cameras, hundreds of lenses are available for use, even those that survive for cameras no longer in production.
Autofocus design.
The MFT system design specifies the use of contrast-detection autofocus (CDAF) which is a common autofocus system for compact or "point-and-shoot". By comparison, virtually all DSLRs use a different autofocus system known as phase-detection autofocus (PDAF). The use of separate PDAF sensors has long been favored in DSLR systems because of mirror box and pentaprism design, along with better performance for fast-moving subjects.
The (non-Micro) Four Thirds system design standard specifies a 40 mm flange focal length distance, which allowed for using a single lens reflex design, with mirror box and pentaprism. Four Thirds DSLR cameras designed by Olympus and Panasonic initially used exclusively PDAF focusing systems. Olympus then introduced the first live view DSLR camera, which incorporated both traditional DSLR phase focus and also optional contrast detection focus. As a result, newer Four Thirds system lenses were designed both for PDAF and contrast focus. Several of the latter Four Thirds lenses focus on Micro Four Thirds proficiently when an electrically compatible adapter is used on the Olympus and the later Panasonic Micro Four Thirds cameras, and they focus on Micro Four Thirds cameras much quicker than earlier generation Four Thirds lenses can.
At the announcement of the MFT system design standard it was suggested that the powerful focusing motors required for contrast-detection autofocus by compact cameras and MFT may not operate properly on at least some of the existing Four Thirds lenses designed for phase-detection autofocus.
Many PDAF Four Thirds system lenses, when using adapters with proper electrical connections on Micro Four Thirds cameras, do focus much more slowly than "native" designed MFT lenses. Some Four Thirds bodies do not focus as quickly as others, or as accurately as does contrast focus. This is a downside of phase focus, which can shift focus to the front or behind the calculated focus position for each lens. Micro Four Thirds will also focus Four Thirds lenses faster than a Four Thirds camera focuses using the Four Thirds "Live View" focus. Most Four Thirds lenses still work on Micro Four Thirds, and the relative speed will depend on the camera model and the lenses used. Overall, native Micro Four Thirds lenses focus much faster than the majority of Four Thirds lenses.
An advantage to the newly introduced MFT system designed cameras is the already-existing family of very high quality, large aperture, automatic exposure, autofocusing, and sometimes even optical image stabilized Four Thirds lenses made by Olympus, Panasonic and Leica.
The current range of Olympus Pen cameras (the E-P5, the smaller E-PL5 and its less expensive "mini" version E-PM2) are claimed to be the fastest focusing removable lens cameras, including those which use phase technology (DSLR cameras). Comparative tests and the basis for all the speed improvements and whether the technology can track like a phase focus designed for sport applications are not yet known.
Advantages, disadvantages and other factors.
"For comparison of the original Four Thirds with competing DSLR system see Four Thirds system#Advantages, disadvantages and other considerations"
In comparison with most digital compact cameras and many Bridge cameras, Micro Four Thirds cameras possess larger sensors which may offer better image quality, and interchangeable lenses. Some lenses feature wider apertures than those available on many compacts, allowing more control over depth-of-field and yielding greater creative possibilities. However, Micro Four Thirds cameras also tend to be larger, heavier and more expensive than compact cameras.
In comparison with most digital SLRs, Micro Four Thirds cameras are smaller and lighter. However, they also have smaller sensors (and therefore typically have inferior image quality, especially in low light conditions), and often lack features such as viewfinders and built-in flash units. Micro Four Thirds cameras sometimes afford greater depth-of-field than SLRs depending on the lens used. They are not necessarily less expensive than SLRs.
The much shorter flange focal distance enabled by the removal of the mirror allows normal and wideangle lenses to be made significantly smaller because they do not have to use strongly retrofocal designs.
The Four Thirds sensor format used in MFT cameras is equivalent to a 2.0 crop factor when compared to a 35 mm film camera. This means that the field of view of a MFT lens is the same as a Full Frame lens with twice the focal length. Practically speaking, this means that a 50 mm lens on a MFT body would have a field of view equivalent to a 100 mm lens on a full frame camera. Said another way, normal lenses on MFT cameras would be only 25 mm. For this reason, MFT lenses can be smaller and lighter because to achieve the equivalent 35 mm film camera field of view, the MFT focal length is much shorter. See the table of lenses below to understand the differences better. Typical DSLR sensors such as Canon's APS-C sensors, have a crop factor of 1.6, compared to full frame's (35 mm) 1.0, and Four Thirds 2.0.
Advantages of Micro Four Thirds over DSLR cameras.
Micro Four Thirds has several advantages over larger format cameras and lenses:
Advantages of the electronic viewfinder.
Though many DSLRs also have "live view" functionality, these function relatively poorly compared to a Micro Four Thirds electronic viewfinder (EVF), which has the following advantages:
Olympus and Panasonic approached the implementation of electronic viewfinders in two ways: the built-in EVF, and the optional hotshoe add-on EVF.
Until the introduction of the OM-D E-M5 in February, 2012, none of the Olympus designs included a built-in EVF. Olympus has four available add-on hotshoe viewfinders. The Olympus VF-1 is an optical viewfinder with an angle of view of 65 degrees, equivalent to the 17mm pancake lens field of view, and was designed primarily for the EP-1. Olympus has since introduced the high resolution VF-2 EVF, and a newer, less expensive, slightly lower resolution VF-3 for use in all its MFT cameras after the Olympus EP-1. These EVF's not only slip into the accessory hotshoe, but also plug into a dedicated proprietary port for power and communication with Olympus cameras only. Interestingly, both the VF-2 and VF-3 may also be used on high-end Olympus compact point and shoot cameras such as the Olympus XZ-1 Olympus announced the VF-4 in May, 2013 along with the fourth generation PEN flagship, the E-P5.
As of mid-2011, Panasonic G and GH series cameras have built in EVF's, while two of the three GF models are able to use the add-on LVF1 hotshoe EVF. The LVF1 must also plug into a proprietary port built into the camera for power and communication. This proprietary port and the accessory is omitted in the Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF3 design. Similar to Olympus, the LVF1 is usable on high-end Panasonic compact point and shoot cameras, such as the Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX5.
Micro Four Thirds system cameras.
As of , Olympus, Panasonic, Cosina/Voigtländer, Carl Zeiss AG, Jos. Schneider Optische Werke GmbH, Komamura Corporation, Sigma Corporation, Tamron, Astrodesign, Yasuhara, and Blackmagic Design have a commitment to the Micro Four Thirds system.
The first Micro Four Thirds system camera was Panasonic Lumix DMC-G1, which was launched in Japan in October 2008. In April 2009, Panasonic Lumix DMC-GH1 with HD video recording added to it.
The first Olympus model, Olympus PEN E-P1 was shipped in July 2009. Kodak may be launching its first Micro Four Thirds camera Kodak S1 in 2014.
In August 2013 SVS Vistek GmbH in Seefeld, Germany introduced the first high-speed industrial MFT lens mount camera using 4/3" sensors from Truesense Imaging, Inc (formally Kodak sensors). Their Evo "Tracer" cameras range from 1 megapixels at 147 frames per second (fps) to 8 megapixels at 22 fps.
Micro Four Thirds lenses.
A promise of the Micro Four Thirds standard is reduced lens size and weight. The reduced flange focal distance of Micro Four Thirds enables most lenses to be made significantly smaller and cheaper than for a traditional DSLR, because the retrofocus optical schemes can be avoided or made less extreme. Of particular interest in illustrating this fact are the Panasonic 7-14mm ultra-wideangle (equivalent to 14–28 mm in the 35mm film format) and the Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 9-18mm ultra wide-angle lens (equivalent to an 18–36 mm zoom lens in the 35mm film format). On the telephoto end, the Panasonic 100-300mm and Olympus 75-300mm zooms show how small and light extreme telephotos can be made. The 300 mm focal length in Micro Four Thirds is equivalent to 600 mm focal length in more traditional full frame cameras.
When compared to a full frame camera lens providing a similar angle of view, rather than weighing a few kilograms (several pounds) and generally having an length of over 60 cm (2 ft) end to end, the optically stabilized Panasonic LUMIX G VARIO 100-300mm lens weighs just 520 grams (18.3 oz), is only 126 mm (5.0 in) long, and uses a relatively petite 67 mm filter size. As a point of comparison, the Nikon 600mm f5.6 telephoto weighs 3600 grams (7.9 lb), is 516.5 mm (20.3 in) in length and uses a custom 122 mm filter.
Further, both Panasonic and Olympus manufacture an adapter to enable use of any Four Thirds lenses on Micro Four Thirds cameras. While many Four Thirds lenses accept firmware updates to enable contrast autofocusing, some are slow to autofocus, and some others are manual-focus-only.
Olympus and Panasonic approach image stabilization (IS) differently. Olympus uses sensor-shift image stabilization, which it calls IBIS (In-Body Image Stabilization). IBIS stabilizes the image by shifting of the entire sensor. Panasonic uses lens-based stabilization, which it calls MEGA OIS. MEGA OIS stabilizes the image by shifting a small optical block within the lens. In August 2013 Panasonic also introduced a camera (Lumix DMC-GX7) featuring a built-in IBIS.
Panasonic claims that OIS is more accurate because the stabilization system can be designed for the particular optical characteristics of each lens. A disadvantage of this approach is that the OIS motor and shift mechanism must be built into each lens, making each lens physically larger, heavier and more expensive than a comparable non-OIS lens. As of mid-2011, of the available and announced Panasonic lenses, the 8 mm fisheye, 7–14 mm wide angle zoom, 14 mm prime, and 20 mm prime are not image stabilized.
Whilst none of the Olympus lenses have built-in IS, all Olympus Micro Four Thirds cameras have in-camera IS, and therefore all Olympus M.Zuiko Digital lenses benefit from the camera's stabilization system. The advantage with Olympus' in-body IS is that Olympus lenses are smaller and lighter than comparable Panasonic lenses, and even vintage manual focus lenses can make use of the in-body stabilization when used with an appropriate mount adapter. This latter fact has added to interest in Micro Four Thirds cameras by many hobbyists, especially amongst users of traditional Leica or Voigtlander rangefinder cameras.
Lens compactness and mount adaptability
Since most Micro-Four-Thirds lenses have neither a mechanical focussing ring nor an aperture ring, adapting these lenses for use with other camera mounts will be impossible or compromised. A variety of companies manufacture adapters to use lenses from nearly any legacy lens mount (such lenses, of course, support no automatic functions.) For the Four Third lenses that can be mounted on MFT bodies, see Four Thirds system lenses. For the Four Third lenses that support AF, see. For those that support fast AF (Imager AF), see.
As of , the following Micro Four Thirds system lenses, which can be used by all MFT camera bodies, except as noted, have been released or announced with availability within 3 months of announcement:
Zoom lenses.
Wide zoom lenses
Standard zoom lenses
Telephoto zoom lenses
Superzoom lenses
Fixed focal length lenses.
On Jan 9, 2012 Sigma announced its first two lenses for Micro Four Thirds, the "30mm F2.8 EX DN and the 19mm F2.8 EX DN lenses in Micro Four Thirds mounts". In a press release posted on January 26, 2012, Olympus and Panasonic jointly announced that "ASTRODESIGN, Inc., Kenko Tokina Co., Ltd. and Tamron Co., Ltd. join the Micro Four Thirds System Standard Group". On January 26, 2012, Tokina and Tamron have indicated they would be designing lenses for the Micro 4/3 system as well.
Prime lenses with Autofocus
Prime Lenses without Autofocus
Macro lenses
Fisheyes
3D lenses
Digiscoping lenses
Pinhole
3D.
July 27, 2010 Panasonic has announced the development of a 3-dimensional optic solution for the Micro Four Thirds system. A specially designed lens allows it to capture stereo images compatible with VIERA 3D-TV-sets and Blu-ray 3D Disc Players.

</doc>
<doc id="18729409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729409" title="Yoshiko Chuma">
Yoshiko Chuma

Biography.
Chuma arrived in the United States from her native Japan in 1977, settling in Manhattan and subsequently becoming a leader in modern American dance. In 2007, "The New York Times" remarked on her involvement "in one of the great populist moments in New York dance" when, in 1988, she staged an audience-participatory performance art swim-dance in the Astoria pools in Queens. Her avant-garde pieces have included the seven-hour long "Sundown", an exploration of cubism mounted at Issue Project Space in 2006.
In addition to directing The School of Hard Knocks, Chuma also directed the Daghdha Dance Company of Ireland, commuting internationally between 2000 and 2004.
Influences.
Chuma cites American television as a major part of her childhood, and critics have detected influence in her "raucous dance/music/theater spectacles on American pop themes". She has also been inspired by Japanese cinema. Specific art influences include the school of minimalism and the opera "Einstein on the Beach". After meeting notable beat poet Allen Ginsberg, she incorporated into her dances his philosophy on spontaneity, encapsulated in his phrase "First thought, best thought." Chuma also credits artist Alex Katz and composer Alvin Curran as among her diverse inspirations.
The School of Hard Knocks.
The School of Hard Knocks, more fully titled "Yoshiko Chuma & The School of Hard Knocks," was founded in 1982 and is located in New York. The name was inspired by Chuma's interest in American idioms during her early days in the United States. In 1984, the group received a Bessie Award for its Collective Work.

</doc>
<doc id="18729422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729422" title="CKXM-FM">
CKXM-FM

CKXM-FM is a radio station that broadcasts an adult contemporary format on the frequency at 90.5 FM in Exeter, Ontario.
Owned by My Broadcasting Corporation, the station was licenced on August 4, 2008.
In 2009, the station used Christmas music for on-air testing and signed on August 31, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18729425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729425" title="2004 Chennai Open – Singles">
2004 Chennai Open – Singles

Paradorn Srichaphan was the defending champion but lost in the final 6–4, 3–6, 7–6(7–5) against Carlos Moyá.

</doc>
<doc id="18729426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729426" title="St Helens">
St Helens

Saint Helens or Saint Helen's is the name of numerous places dedicated to Saint Flavia Iulia Helena Augusta ("Helen of Constantinople") or, less commonly, to Saint Elen Luyddog ("Helen of Caernarfon").
It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18729428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729428" title="Robert Powell (composer)">
Robert Powell (composer)

Robert Powell (born Benoit, Mississippi, 1932) is an American composer, organist, and choir director.
Powell earned a Bachelor of Music degree from Louisiana State University with a focus on organ and composition. He studied with Alec Wyton at Union Theological Seminary in New York, and he was also Wyton's assistant at The Episcopal Cathedral of Saint John the Divine. For three years (1965–1968), he served St. Paul's School (Concord, New Hampshire) as Director of Music. Later, Powell was Director of Music and Organist of Christ Church (Episcopal) of Greenville, South Carolina from 1968 to 2003. He has composed in nearly all genres common to church music, including anthems, service music, hymn concertatos, organ music, music for handbell choir, and large-scale oratorios. Powell's conservative, neo-Romantic style stems from his practical approach to composition. According to Powell himself, he writes for "choirs of twenty-five because that's what most choirs are. When you come right down to it, most choirs are not of cathedral ability or size. My pieces are all practical things and useful for specific occasions." His publications appear in The Hymnal 1982 as well as in the catalogs of most of the significant American publishers of church music. According to publisher GIA, Powell is "a composer whose output bridges denominational boundaries and who is able to serve the larger Church. He has made ecumenical sharing a reality–-and always with a genteel touch." Powell is an active member of the Association of Anglican Musicians and is a Fellow of the American Guild of Organists.

</doc>
<doc id="18729444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729444" title="St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival">
St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival

Overview.
The St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festivalis an annual outdoor festival of Shakespeare's plays performed on the banks of the St. Lawrence River in Prescott, Ontario[http://www.prescott.ca/. The festival was founded in 2002 and has a season that runs roughly from early July to mid-August each year.
The Company began to take shape in 2002 after Deborah Smith of Chesterville brought a small, self-produced, touring production of Romeo and Juliet to the area. The community was charmed by the idea of having live theatre in its midst and it was agreed that the Company could utilize the outdoor amphitheatre for a full production of The Tempest in the summer of 2003; the St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival was born.
In the summer of 2006, Ian Farthing was appointed as the Festival's new Artistic Director and oversaw the expansion of the theatre's activities to a season of two mainstage Shakespeare productions, a full Sunday Series of events and an education program.
With no other professional outdoor theatre in the St. Lawrence Seaway area, the St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival fulfills a key role in the artistic life of the region. The unique riverside setting combined with the high quality of the performances has resulted in a 400% increase in attendance over the first seven years.
History.
The festival was founded in 2003 by Deborah Smith.
In 2007, the festival moved from performing a single play to performing two plays in repertory style.
The festival is now run by Artistic Director Ian Farthing, General Manager Rebecca Campbell, and a volunteer Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="18729449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729449" title="Settsu-Tonda Station">
Settsu-Tonda Station

History.
The station opened on July 25, 1924.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains. Outer side of each platform is fenced as no trains on the outer tracks make stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18729462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729462" title="Imaginiff">
Imaginiff

Imaginiff, is a party type board game.
Object.
The winner is the first to get his or her token all the way around the board to the center.
Setup.
If there are 8 players, everyone will put their name in the spaces on the outer part of the board. If there are less than 8, the name of someone else that everybody knows should be in the blank spaces. Then the grey token is placed on any name on the outside of the board. (It can not be placed on the challenge space.) The number cards are separated from the question cards. The number cards (numbered one to six) of the same color are given to the player whose token matches that color. Then the question cards are placed in a pile or in the box provided.
Rules.
The player that goes first rolls the die and moves the grey token that many spaces around the outside spaces, clockwise or counterclockwise. If the grey token lands on a name, that name becomes the subject of the card. The player then picks a question card and reads it out loud, inserting the subject into the blank space. A card usually says something like "Imaginiff _____ was ... Which would he/she be do?" and lists six numbered choices. They then place the card down for everyone to see. Now, all players look through their number cards and pick the number card that corresponds to the answer they want. When all players have placed down a card, everyone flips theirs over. To move a player's token, he or she needs to have picked the most popular answer. All players that have the most popular answer you move 1, except the person who rolled the dice, who moves two, if they picked the most popular answer.
If two or more answers are tied, all players that picked either answer move forward. For example, if 3 players picked number 2, another 3 players picked 5, and 2 other people picked 4, everyone who picked 2 or 5 moves forward.
In the event that 2 or more players get their tokens to the center at the same time, a tiebreaker round is played. All players who are not in the center remove their tokens from the board. However, they still play by choosing the card with the most popular answer. The tied players continue playing as usual by rolling the die and moving the grey token, and any tied player who fails to come up with the most popular answer must remove their token from the board, but may continue playing by putting down cards for the most popular answer. If all the tied players fail to come up with the most popular answer, or they tie for the most popular answer, no one is eliminated. When only one player is left with their token in the center, they win.

</doc>
<doc id="18729463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729463" title="John Gilligan (Irish criminal)">
John Gilligan (Irish criminal)

John Gilligan (born 29 March 1952) is an Irish equestrian rancher and convicted criminal. In 2001 he was sentenced to 28 years in prison for the trafficking of commercial quantities of cannabis resin. This sentence was later reduced to 20 years on appeal.
On 15 October 2013, Gilligan was released after 17 years in prison.
Murder of Veronica Guerin.
In 2002 Gilligan was tried for, and acquitted of, the murder of the investigative journalist Veronica Guerin. Guerin was reportedly working on a tip-off from an Irish politician who was also prominent in equestrian circles, and was doing investigative reporting about Gilligan's involvement in the illegal recreational drugs trade in Ireland. After she was murdered the Gardaí had at one point more than 100 officers working on the case, which led to 214 arrests, 39 convictions, and 100 confiscations of guns, as well as confiscations of five million pounds' worth of drugs and 6.5 million pounds' worth of property.
In 2002 the Special Criminal Court issued an order for the confiscation and sale of Gilligan's equestrian ranch at Jessbrook, Enfield, County Meath. From prison he contested this order in the High Court and won the case, on the grounds that the Special Criminal Court did not have jurisdiction. This was later appealed in the Supreme Court and on 21 December 2005 the appeal was rejected unanimously. 
However, Gilligan's assets remained frozen by the Criminal Assets Bureau (CAB). On 30 January 2006 the High Court cleared the way for the CAB to proceed with an application to have the equestrian centre and other property belonging to the Gilligan family handed over to the State. In January 2008, making a court appearance in an attempt to stop the State from selling off his assets, Gilligan accused John Traynor of having ordered the murder of Veronica Guerin. Despite the presiding judge's attempt to silence Gilligan, he continued to blame a botched Gardaí investigation and alleged that the Gardai had planted evidence to secure his conviction, leading to his current term of imprisonment. On 19 December 2008 Gilligan lost an appeal for a second hearing by the High Court. The decision means that the CAB can now apply to the High Court under the proceeds of crime act to dispose of the properties, which include the Gilligan family's homes in Lucan and Blanchardstown.
In November 2012 the courts cleared the final barriers allowing the CAB to sell off the equestrian centre and Gilligan's house at Weston Green, Lucan. However, due to continuing legal challenges Gilligan's wife will for the time being retain the house adjoining the equestrian centre. The CAB is also continuing to pursue additional properties in Blanchardstown, West Dublin, and in Lucan.
Assassination Attempt.
On the 1 March, 2014 at 7.00pm, two gunmen came to the home of Gilligan's brother and went into the house while he was using the toilet. Paramedics from the Dublin Fire Brigade arrived at the scene five minutes later with at least four confirmed hits in his: face, chest, hip and leg. He was rushed to James Connolly Memorial Hospital where he is in a critical state. He was given the last rites as he arrived at James Connolly Memorial Hospital in Blanchardstown but has survived the shooting.

</doc>
<doc id="18729464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729464" title="Aref Mohammadvand">
Aref Mohammadvand

Aref Mohammadvand () born July 11, 1970 in Bandar Anzali is a retired Iranian football player. He played for Malavan and Persepolis F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18729467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729467" title="Ibaraki Station">
Ibaraki Station

History.
The station opened on August 9, 1876.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains.

</doc>
<doc id="18729474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729474" title="Vibha">
Vibha

Vibha is not a common Indian name. It comes from Sanskrit and is heavily referred to by the Gayatri Mantra. It may also refer to the Divine Mother, Gayatri.
Vibha, a girl's name, means "Brahman's Primordial Light" or "Cosmic Light". It may also mean in simplest terms: Radiant, Shining,and Bright.
Other variations of the name are: Vibhavari (archaic)

</doc>
<doc id="18729484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729484" title="Michael Parker (bishop)">
Michael Parker (bishop)

Clement George St Michael Parker (29 September 1900 – March 1980), usually known as Michael Parker, was a bishop in the Church of England.
Family.
Parker was born in Edgbaston in 1900 as the son the of the Revd W.H. Parker. He was educated at Christ Church, Oxford. He died in 1980.
Ministry.
Parker was ordained as a deacon in 1923 and as a priest in 1924. He was an assistant curate at St Bartholomew & St Jude's Birmingham. He was vicar of All Saints' King's Heath, Birmingham (1939-57), rural dean of King's Norton (1943-57), honorary canon of Birmingham ( 1944-61) and Archdeacon of Aston(1946-54).
During his curacy at St Jude's he and his vicar, the Reverend Denis Tyndall, compiled "Adoremus: A Book of Eucharistic Worship for the Young". The book was described as "primarily for use at what is known as the Children's Eucharist", but was also "to meet the need of the increasing number of parishes in which there is the 'Parish Eucharist'". It was regularly used for the children's Eucharist at All Saints' King's Heath and also for the Parish Eucharist instituted by Michael Parker to replace Matins as the main Sunday morning service.
Parker was consecrated as the suffragan Bishop of Aston in 1954; and translated as diocesan Bishop of Bradford in 1961. On retirement in 1971 he was appointed an assistant bishop in the dioceses of Coventry and Worcester.

</doc>
<doc id="18729508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729508" title="Senrioka Station">
Senrioka Station

History.
The station opened on December 1, 1938.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains. Outer side of each platform is fenced as no trains on the outer tracks make stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18729514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729514" title="August Schumann">
August Schumann

Friedrich August Gottlob Schumann (March 2, 1773 Endschütz - August 10, 1826 Zwickau, Saxony) was a German bookseller and publisher. His best-known work is the 18-volume Lexicon of Saxony, which was completed after his death by Albert Schiffner. He wrote "Junker Kurt von Krötenstein's verliebte Heldenfahrt" ("Lord Kurt von Krötenstein's Hero's Journey of Love") under the pen name of Legaillard.
He was the father of the composer Robert Schumann (1810 - 1856).

</doc>
<doc id="18729520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729520" title="Toyota Legendary Moments">
Toyota Legendary Moments

The Toyota Legendary Moments series is a series of television advertisements produced over several years for the Australian Football League by its major sponsor, Toyota.
The advertisements feature comedians Stephen Curry and Dave Lawson and a footballer re-enacting one or more famous incidents from that player's career. Curry plays the straight man to Lawson, while the demeanour of the player varies depending upon that player's personality.
The re-enactments take place on a suburban field, and humorous props and set-ups are used to allow the footballer, who is usually long retired, to emulate incidents which he is no longer athletic enough to carry out. It has been reported that the advertisements are largely unscripted; Curry and Lawson arrive with various props and gags in mind, but the players themselves are not told in advance what these props or the script will be.
The series began with two advertisements, those of Wayne Harmes and James Hird, and proved to be extremely popular with television viewers. In the years that followed, new instalments were produced and released one at a time, at a rate of one or two new advertisements in each football season. The 2012 version, starring Leigh Matthews won a Bronze medal in the DDB Award for Best 60+ Second TV/Cinema Commercial at the 2012 Melbourne Advertising and Design Awards.
In 2010, a new advertisement featured Wally Lewis, a popular National Rugby League identity. This was the first time the campaign sought and featured a different sports code.
AFL.
Wayne Harmes.
Re-enacts the game-winning goal from the 1979 Grand Final, when Carlton's Wayne Harmes dived to tap the ball from the boundary line into the goal square for Ken Sheldon. Harmes recreated the dive using a Slip 'n' Slide.
James Hird.
Re-enacts the game-winning goal from Essendon's Round 3, 2004 win against the West Coast Eagles, where Hird scored the goal, then hugged a random teenage fan in the crowd. The fan is replaced with a confused-looking groundskeeper.
Peter Daicos.
Re-enacts Daicos' tight-angle goal in the 1990 qualifying final. Curry, Lawson and Daicos all don mullet wigs reminiscent of Daicos' hair from the era.
Dermott Brereton.
Re-enacts Brereton's heroics in the 1989 Grand Final. Brereton was knocked unconscious by a heavy shirtfront Geelong's Mark Yeates at the opening bounce. Severely winded and concussed, he was attended to by trainers then began to vomit before jogging back into the play. Only minutes later in the game, he marked and kicked an inspirational goal. He would finish with three goals in a game that Hawthorn would win by six points.
In the advertisement, Lawson plays the role of Yeates, and is implied to have hit Brereton with a large plank of wood. Brereton then regathers himself and spits out a mouthful of canned food to simulate the vomiting. They run in slow motion to simulate concussion, and Brereton kicks a goal to finish the advertisement.
Malcolm Blight.
Primarily re-enacts Blight's 70m after-the-siren game-winning goal in Round 10, 1976 at Princes Park. Miniature posts are used to make the distance seem longer, and Lawson blows an airhorn at an unsuspecting Blight to represent the siren. Lawson also pokes fun at Blight for a separate incident where, running into an open goal, he confused the goal posts with the behind posts and kicked the wrong score.
Alex Jesaulenko.
Re-enacts Jesaulenko's famous specky from the 1970 Grand Final. Various methods, including a trampoline, piggy-back and eventually a crane, are used to provide Jesaulenko with the elevation, while Lawson says almost nothing throughout the advertisement except for variations on commentator Mike Williamson's famous call of "oh, Jesaulenko, you beauty!"
Tony Lockett.
Re-enacts various incidents from Lockett's career, including the pig at full forward incident, the after-the-siren behind in the 1996 preliminary final which put Sydney into its first Grand Final in more than fifty years (prompting Lawson to comment "what a huge behind!" to the heavily built Lockett), and his 1300th goal, with a large crowd of people emerging from nowhere to recreate the pitch invasion.
Francis Bourke.
Re-enacts Bourke's famous courageous display at Arden Street in Round 21, 1980. Bourke, after an accidental collision with a team-mate, was bleeding profusely, then moved to the forward line to score a goal to help Richmond to a narrow victory. The collision is represented as Lawson running Bourke over with a golf cart decorated in Richmond colours, the blood is replaced with tomato sauce, and the whole thing eventually degenerates into a big tomato sauce fight.
Bruce Doull.
Re-enacts two incidents from Doull's career. Firstly, it focuses upon the time that Essendon's Cameron Clayton stole his headband and threw it into the Waverley Park crowd, almost the only time the usually docile Doull lost his temper during a game. Lawson plays the part of Clayton, and while Doull blocks his first attempt at stealing the headband, Lawson eventually prevails. He charges around shouting "Bruce Doull has gone berserk!" while Doull stands motionless.
The advertisement then focuses upon the 1982 Grand Final, when he was accosted by streaker Helen d'Amico. d'Amico is also played by Lawson (in a pixellated female nude-suit), while d'Amico herself makes a Hitchcockian cameo as an onlooking dog-walker.
Kevin Bartlett.
Re-enacts Bartlett's seven-goal performance in the 1980 Grand Final, won by Richmond by a then-record margin. Curry and Lawson try to teach Bartlett how to handpass, poking fun at his tendency to always kick for goal instead of setting up team-mates, but this only results in Bartlett stealing the ball and kicking more goals. The advertisement also features Lawson shaving his head into Bartlett's familiar combover.
Peter Hudson.
Primarily re-enacts Hudson's three-goal performance in the 1971 Grand Final, and more specifically his failure to score a fourth which would have broken Bob Pratt's record of 150 goals in a VFL season. It features Hudson being knocked out by Kevin "Cowboy" Neale (represented by Lawson on a docile pony), simulates his concussion by fitting Hudson with thick glasses and spinning him in circles, and Hudson kicking his final attempt into man-on-the-mark Barry Lawrence (represented by Lawson being hit in the groin with the ball). The advertisement also re-enacts Hudson's famous arrival by helicopter to VFL Park in his only VFL game of 1973.
Leigh Matthews.
Re-enacts the famous occasion when Matthews collided with and broke a behind post in a match at Windy Hill. After running into the post fails to break it, Lawson cuts a notch in the post with an axe; Matthews, Curry and Lawson then tie a rope to the top of the post and pull it down. Curry also tries to inspire Matthews to break the post by telling him that "if it bleeds, we can kill it", a quote from "Predator" that Matthews famously used as a coach to inspire the Brisbane Lions to an upset win against .
NRL.
Wally Lewis.
Re-enacts Lewis' Game 2 and Series winning try of the 1989 State of Origin series, where, with the injuries of Allan Langer, Mal Meninga and Paul Vautin, the Queensland rugby league team had only 12 men in their team. However, Wally scored a 40-meter try - a moment which has been described as Queensland's greatest performance.

</doc>
<doc id="18729531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729531" title="Kishibe Station">
Kishibe Station

History.
The station opened on April 11, 1947.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains. Outer side of each platform is fenced as no trains on the outer tracks make stop at this station.

</doc>
<doc id="18729537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18729537" title="Suita Station (JR West)">
Suita Station (JR West)

History.
The station opened on August 9, 1876.
Layout.
The station has two island platforms, each of which exclusively serves up or down trains. Outer side of each platform is fenced as no trains on the outer tracks make stop at this station.

</doc>
