<doc id="18560586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560586" title="Hillary Clinton presidential primary campaign, 2008">
Hillary Clinton presidential primary campaign, 2008

Hillary Clinton won many primaries, but lost the Democratic Party nomination to Barack Obama during the United States presidential election, 2008.
Campaign developments 2007.
Early opposition from two sides.
In February 2007 "The Los Angeles Times" reported that several anti-Clinton organizations, including Stop Her Now and "Stop Hillary PAC", were preparing "swiftboating" style attacks against her, with venues to include a documentary film, numerous books, and websites. A top Rudy Giuliani donor, Richard Collins, who has also supported George W. Bush for several years, was central in establishing "Stop Her Now."
CNN reported that 320,000 users joined the Facebook group "Stop Hillary Clinton: (One Million Strong AGAINST Hillary)". The news blog, "The Politico" gave the membership number as 418,000 members. This group was the largest group for or against a presidential candidate on Facebook; "The Politico" argued that this happened because "Clinton has had a polarizing effect."
Former Bill Clinton fundraiser and ally David Geffen spoke out against Hillary Clinton in an interview with Maureen Dowd. Geffen stated that Clinton "was overproduced and overscripted." He also stated that, "I don't think anybody believes that in the last six years, all of a sudden Bill Clinton has become a different person [...] Everybody in politics lies, but they do it with such ease, it's troubling." The Clinton campaign responded by stating, "While Senator Obama was denouncing slash and burn politics yesterday, his campaign's finance chair was viciously and personally attacking Senator Clinton and her husband. If Senator Obama is indeed sincere about his repeated claims to change the tone of our politics, he should immediately denounce these remarks, remove Mr. Geffen from his campaign and return his money. While Democrats should engage in a vigorous debate on the issues, there is no place in our party or our politics for the kind of personal insults made by Senator Obama's principal fundraiser."
Accent.
While speaking from the pulpit of the First Baptist Church in Selma, Alabama on March 4, 2007, as part of ceremonies honoring the anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery marches of 1965, Clinton used a broad Southern Drawl during parts of her talk and used speech patterns common to the Southern United States. A Clinton aide pointed out she lived in the Southern United States for 17 years, which could explain the southern accent, and other defenders of Clinton pointed out that the most commonly circulated audio and video clips of her "Southern" speech focused on a segment in which she was reciting the lyrics of a James Cleveland hymn and trying to reproduce its original cadences. On April 20, 2007, while speaking her own words to the annual convention of the National Action Network, she once again temporarily adopted this accent. On April 27, 2007, while speaking at a Greenville, South Carolina campaign event, Clinton said that she had split her life among three parts of the country and that her sometimes-Southern accent was a virtue. She joked, "I think America is ready for a multilingual president."
Discussion of Iraq war (first debate).
On April 26, 2007, she appeared with seven other Democratic candidates at the first debate of the campaign, held at South Carolina State University in Orangeburg, South Carolina and broadcast on MSNBC. Of her initial Senate vote to approve the U.S. role in the Iraq War, she stated, "If I knew then what I know now, I would not have voted that way." She further stated, "If this president does not get us out of Iraq, when I’m president I will."
Threat.
On May 4, 2007, a Louisiana State University student was arrested and held on charges of planning an attack against Clinton during a Baton Rouge appearance.
Polling trends.
All opinion polls in April 2007 showed Clinton as the Democratic frontrunner, however with different margins: Obama was listed in third place nationwide with 17% and John Edwards in second place with 19% behind Clinton with 41% according to an Angus-Reid poll, whereas Clinton was listed in first place with 34% and Obama in second place with 29%, ahead of Edwards with only 15% in a Rasmussen-Reports poll. By May 2007, polls were showing the race even tighter, with Rasmussen Reports showing Obama pulling ahead of Clinton 32% to 30%. But on May 24, 2007, a CBS News/NY Times poll showed Clinton, with 46%, 22 points ahead of Obama, with 24%, and 32 points ahead of Edwards, with 14%. Clinton held her lead over the summer; in September a CNN poll showed her leading Obama 46% to 23%, and in October the same poll showed her commanding majority Democratic support, with 51% compared to Obama's 21% and Edwards' 15%.
On May 4, 2007, a Gallup Poll report showed that since the beginning of the year, her favorable-unfavorable ratio had declined from 58% favorable, 40% unfavorable to 45% favorable, 52% unfavorable.
Campaign song.
In June 2007, Clinton spoofed the much-talked-about closing scene of "Made in America", the series finale of "The Sopranos", with the subject being the voting for her campaign song. The parody shows her entering a diner to Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'", followed by Bill entering but not getting the onion rings he really wants, while daughter Chelsea is unable to parallel park her car. "Sopranos" cast member Vince Curatola also appears in the skit, mimicking "Man in Members Only" but with his signature Johnny Sack malevolent glare. The screen then goes black.
The campaign song selected was Céline Dion's "You and I", which garnered political criticism from Republicans for being "outsourced" to a Canadian singer; the song was written initially for use in an Air Canada commercial.
Viral videos.
Besides the "Sopranos" spoof, other popular viral videos played a role in the campaign. In March 2007, "Hillary 1984" spliced footage of Clinton into the legendary "1984" Apple Computer television commercial, ending with a plug for Barack Obama's candidacy. In June 2007 Obama was the beneficiary of the very popular "I Got a Crush on Obama" music video, as an attractive young woman suggestively sang his praises. In July 2007 singer and actress Taryn Southern wrote and performed in an answer music video, "Hott4Hill", that earned national media attention for its sexually ambiguous declaration of support for Hillary Clinton's presidential bid. In both cases, the videos were created and produced independently of the Obama and Clinton campaigns. In December 2007 satirical site 23/6 produced two videos "against" Clinton by a purported "SwiftKids for Truth" that made fun of viral videos and negative ads in general. In January 2008, the Clinton campaign disseminated a video targeting the 18-29-year old demographic in hopes of attracting voters away from Obama. According to a "Newsweek" blogger, Andrew Romano, the ad was created by actual young supporters instead of high-paid media consultants.
First campaign trip with Bill.
In early July 2007, Bill Clinton "served served as an opening act" for Hillary during a three-day tour. It was the "first joint public campaign appearance for the couple since Hillary Clinton announced her bid for the White House in January."
Later debates.
Following the July 12, 2007, Democratic candidates debate at an NAACP convention, a live microphone caught Clinton discussing in private with third-in-the-polls fellow candidate John Edwards how to get future debates limited to fewer candidates: "We've got to cut the number . . . They're not serious."
Releasing of First Lady records.
In July 2007, watchdog group Judicial Watch sued the National Archives over the slow release of documents covering her career as First Lady. Almost 2 million pages of documents held at the Clinton Library had yet to be released from those years, with less than 1 percent having been released. Federal archivists stated that the process is slow due to the need to perform redactions due to the law, and likely would extend past the 2008 presidential election. Clinton had said at the time of the library's opening in 2004 that "everything's going to be available." Political consultants said that the unreleased documents might be a rich source for opposition research against Clinton.
This issue intensified with the October 30, 2007, Democratic debate at Drexel University, where Hillary Clinton came under fire about it from MSNBC moderator Tim Russert and from Democratic opponents. Russert displayed a document signed by President Clinton that specifically requested that certain records and communications involving her not be made public until 2012. When Russert asked Hillary Clinton whether she would lift the presidential order, Hillary Clinton responded by saying, "That's not my decision to make." A concurrent "Newsweek" investigation stated that Bill Clinton had requested the archivists hold back a large variety of documents. A few days later, Bill Clinton vigorously defended his wife's responses, saying that Russert's question was "breathtakingly misleading" and that "Newsweek"'s article was off the mark, saying, "She was incidental to the letter, it was done five years ago, it was a letter to speed up presidential releases, not to slow them down." Factcheck.org subsequently concluded that Russert's claim was incorrect, that Bill Clinton had released White House records earlier and in greater numbers than his two immediate predecessors, and that there was not much Hillary Clinton could do to speed up the release of records involving her.
However on March 6, 2008, Federal archivists at the Clinton Presidential Library blocked the release of hundreds of pages of White House papers on pardons that the former president approved, including clemency for fugitive commodities trader Marc Rich, based on guidance provided by Bill Clinton.
Fears of backlash.
An August 12, 2007, article described concerns that a Clinton candidacy could lead to a backlash due to fears that she might prove "polarizing." The article states, "A strategist with close ties to leaders in Congress said Democratic Senate candidates in competitive races would be strongly urged to distance themselves from Clinton." According to an online poll, "half of likely voters nationwide said they would never vote for New York Sen. Hillary Clinton."
A October 10, 2007, article in "The Hill" made the opposite argument stating that Clinton was "not polarizing and highly electable. You didn’t misread that headline. It is contrary to all current conventional wisdom. It is also true – supported not only by recent national polling data but by most polls all year long. Susan Estrich, on p.66 of her 2005 book, "The Case for Hillary Clinton" argues, "Hillary Clinton is not polarizing; her competence is accepted."
Unveiling of health care plan.
On September 17, 2007, Clinton revealed her new American Health Choices Plan, an "individual mandate" universal health care plan that would require health care coverage for all individuals. Clinton explained individuals can keep their current employer-based coverage, or choose an expanded version of Medicare or federal employee health plans. The projected cost of the plan is $110 billion annually and will require all employers to cover their employees' health insurance or contribute to the costs of their employees' health insurance coverage; tax credits will be provided to companies with fewer than 25 employees to help cover costs. She proposed to pay for the plan by cutting government medical costs and by not extending the Bush tax cuts to those making over $250,000 a year.
Clinton emphasized that this was not a reprise of the failed 1993 Clinton health care plan, saying it reflected her experiences and now involved no new government bureaucracy, but Republican opponents disagreed and immediately dubbed it "Hillarycare 2.0". However, many of the health care industry groups that had opposed and funded attacks upon the 1993 plan, were now contributors to Clinton campaigns. Meanwhile, Elizabeth Edwards, wife of fellow Democratic candidate John Edwards, said it was too imitative of Edwards' plan, which had come out seven months earlier.
$5,000 for every baby.
In September 2007, Clinton suggested that every newborn baby receive $5,000 upon reaching their 18th birthday. Clinton said that with this money, "they will be able to access it to go to college or maybe they will be able to make that downpayment on their first home". In October 2007, Clinton withdrew this proposal and according to "USA Today" stated that "it was just an idea and not a policy proposal".
Advertisement on care for 9/11 workers.
On October 4, 2007, Clinton's campaign began airing television advertisements in Iowa and New Hampshire. The advertisement dealt with Clinton's legislative efforts to address the Ground Zero illness issues of clean-up workers at "the Pile" site of the former World Trade Center. Some interpreted the ad as an implicit criticism of then-mayor Rudy Giuliani.
The ad, filmed in black-and-white, shows an earnest-looking Clinton wearing a paper mask. The voiceover says, "She stood by Ground Zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives, and kept standing 'til the administration took action." The ad referred to Clinton's Congressional effort to secure additional funding and medical care for workers who have suffered Ground Zero illnesses, such as cancer and sarcoidosis.
Debate performance in Philadelphia.
During the course of the 2007 Democratic debates Clinton had established a reputation, even amongst her ideological opponents such as Rich Lowry, as a very solid debater who never made mistakes.
However, at the October 30, 2007, MSNBC Democratic debate at Drexel University in Philadelphia, Clinton was the subject of two hours of near-continuous attacks from her Democratic rivals as well as pointed questioning from moderator Tim Russert.
This was not unexpected, as leading up to the debate, Clinton had assumed a wide lead in many polls, rival Barack Obama had indicated that he was now going to be more aggressive in pointing out differences between himself and Clinton, and other leading rival John Edwards had too been increasing his statements against Clinton. Adam Nagourney of "The New York Times" called it "the most eagerly anticipated forum of this year."
In the debate, Clinton suffered her possible first major campaign setback when she engaged in what reporters for "The Washington Post" termed "a rare night of fumbles," including statements that Jake Tapper of ABC News termed "obfuscatory and less than forthright," making for what Roger Simon of The Politico called "the worst performance of her entire campaign" in which "for two hours she dodged and weaved, parsed and stonewalled."
Clinton refused to commit to a position on Social Security, Illegal Immigration, the war in Iraq and the New York Governor Eliot Spitzer's bill to deliver driver's licenses to illegal immigrants. Her response on the last issue brought the most criticism, with opponent Senator Christopher Dodd and Edwards immediately saying she had contradicted herself, an assessment echoed by Margaret Carlson of Bloomberg News, who wrote that "In the course of two minutes, she gave two different answers while trying to give none at all."
Following the debate, Clinton's opponents seized on the performance. "Senator Clinton offered more of the same Washington calculation, ducking and dodging that won't bring the change America needs," said Barack Obama campaign manager David Plouffe. It also led to continued speculation by Edwards as to her electability, a theme of attackers during the debate. Clinton's own supporters conceded that her performance had not been very good. The following day, however, the Clinton campaign assembled and released a short video entitled "The Politics of Pile On", which showed her debate opponents mentioning her by name over and over. Furthermore, during a November 1 speech at her alma mater Wellesley College, she said that "In so many ways, this all-women's college prepared me to compete in the all-boys' club of presidential politics." This, combined with comments made by some supporters, including remarks by Clinton campaign manager Mark Penn against moderator Russert, led pundits to believe she was playing the "gender card". This in turn led to another round of criticism of Clinton, who had previously stressed her toughness as being one of her strengths as a potential president; Obama pointed out that he had never complained that attacks on him were due to his being African-American. On November 2, Clinton issued a clarification, stating "I don't think they're picking on me because I'm a woman, I think they're picking on me because I'm winning.". Meanwhile the Edwards campaign assembled and released a video of Clinton's contradictory debate remarks entitled "The Politics of Parsing", which Daily Kos termed "devastating". A CNN/Opinion Research Corporation national poll in the wake of the debate and its attendant publicity found Clinton with a reduced but still substantial lead over Obama and Edwards, while an NBC/Wall Street Journal national poll found her lead to be unaffected; a WNBC-TV/Marist poll found her lead slipping in first primary state New Hampshire.
A week after the debate, Clinton said, "I wasn't at my best the other night. We've had a bunch of debates and I wouldn't rank that up in my very top list," but defended her desire to give nuanced responses to questions and reiterated that gender was not an issue in terms of being subjected to political attacks.
Prompted Queries.
On November 12, 2007, the "New York Times" reported that "At two campaign events in Iowa this year, aides to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton encouraged audience members to ask her specific questions, a tactic that drew criticism from an opponent for the Democratic presidential nomination and led her yesterday to promise that it would not happen again." In response, Clinton remarked, 'It was news to me [...] and neither I nor my campaign approve of that, and it will certainly not be tolerated.'"
Las Vegas debate.
At the next Democratic debate at University of Nevada, Las Vegas on November 15, Clinton rebounded to previous form, aggressively combating Obama's and Edwards' attacks. Democratic strategist Garry South said, "To the degree she might have been stumbling in the last debate, she regained her footing tonight," while ABC News said, "After her roughest two weeks on the presidential campaign trail, showed up on a debate stage in Las Vegas ... with a new aggressive game plan and appeared to successfully get her campaign ship back on course." Her answer to the previously troublesome question of supporting driver's licenses for illegal immigrants was now given in one word: "No."
New Hampshire campaign office hostage-taking.
On November 30, 2007, a man identified as 47-year old Leeland Eisenberg, armed with road flares strapped to his chest which he claimed were a bomb, entered a Clinton presidential campaign office in Rochester, New Hampshire. He took hostage the six people in it, and requested to speak to Clinton, believing she could assist him in gaining psychiatric help. Two hostages were released early on, a woman and her infant. Two subsequent hostages were released by Eisenberg during the first 90 minutes of the crisis and the final two Clinton staffers managed to escape the building on their own accord after more than five hours of being held against their will. The standoff ended with Eisenberg's surrender about six hours after the incident began.
At the time of the event, Clinton was in the Washington D.C. area, scheduled to speak at an Democratic National Committee meeting in Vienna, Virginia; she canceled her appearances at public events for the remainder of the day. That evening she flew to Rochester in order to meet with and comfort the hostages, praise the law enforcement officials who handled the situation, and vow not to change her campaign style due to the incident.
December 2007: A tightening contest.
By early December 2007, the race between her and Obama had tightened up, especially in the early caucus and primary states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina. With real voting less than a month away, Obama was now ahead in some Iowa polls, and had brought in ultra-popular television host Oprah Winfrey to conduct joint campaign rallies in three states before large crowds. Partly in counter of the latter, Clinton brought into Iowa her daughter Chelsea and a very rare campaign appearance from her 88-year-old mother Dorothy Rodham. Veteran political observers such as Bloomberg News' Al Hunt reported that "things are tense in Hillaryland these days," that the camps of Clinton and her husband were at odds, and that the campaign's "plan A" of being the dominating, inevitable, establishment candidate was at risk of failing.
On December 13, 2007, Bill Shaheen, co-chairman of the Clinton campaign in New Hampshire, resigned his position after saying that Obama's admission of past drug use would hurt his chances in a general election matchup: "The Republicans are not going to give up without a fight ... and one of the things they're certainly going to jump on is his drug use ... It'll be, 'When was the last time? Did you ever give drugs to anyone? Did you sell them to anyone?' There are so many openings for Republican dirty tricks. It's hard to overcome." Shaheen, husband of former Governor of New Hampshire Jeanne Shaheen, apologized for his comments. In addition he indicated that "they were not authorized by the campaign in any way." The final Democratic debate before the caucuses was held the same day by the "Des Moines Register"; it was peaceful and polite among all candidates there.
The two most influential newspaper endorsements for the early states were split: Clinton gain the endorsement of "The Des Moines Register", which had endorsed Edwards in 2004, while Obama gained the endorsement of the circulated-in-New Hampshire "Boston Globe". Bill Clinton assumed a more central role in his wife's campaign, trying to focus the day-to-day message on her being a "change" agent, while sometimes getting her campaign into further difficulties with his public statements.
By mid-month, prompted by continued high negative ratings in polls, Clinton staged an explicit "likability" drive, using testimonials from friends and constituents on the campaign trail and on a new "The Hillary I Know" website. When the close proximity of the first contests to the holidays led to many candidates putting out Christmas videos – allowing them to keep presenting their message but in a more appropriate setting — Clinton chose one that showed her wrapping various "gifts" she would give the country, such as "universal health care" and "bring troops home", with a bit of humor added when she momentarily could not locate "universal pre-K". It was one of the most issue-oriented of the candidate holiday videos.
Caucuses and primaries 2008.
Iowa.
In the initial delegate selection event of 2008, she placed third with 29.45 percent of the state delegate selections in the January 3, 2008,Iowa Democratic caucus to Obama's 37.58 percent and Edwards' 29.75 percent. In terms of the actual number of delegates that would later be selected to the national convention, the difference between the top three candidates was minor, with Clinton possibly ahead of Edwards. Nevertheless, in terms of damaging her image as the "inevitable" leader in the race and in giving Obama considerable momentum, this was a major blow to Clinton's campaign. The following day, reports described "panic" among some Clinton donors; some Clinton supporters began questioning the soundness of her strategy and the ability of her top campaign advisors, with chief strategist Mark Penn the focus of particular criticism.
New Hampshire.
Polling showed a tight race in the days leading up to the New Hampshire primary. While some polls showed a dead heat between Clinton and Obama, January 6 polls conducted by CNN/WMUR-TV and USA Today/Gallup showed Obama jumping ahead by 10 and 13 points respectively after winning Iowa. All of the candidates campaigned in New Hampshire during the four days after the Iowa caucuses, targeting undecided and independent voters in the state.
At the ABC News/WMUR-TV Democratic debate in Manchester on January 5, Clinton, Obama, and Edwards all battled over who best exemplified the buzzword of the campaign, "change", with Obama and Edwards teaming up against Clinton. In one noted exchange, Edwards said that Clinton could not bring change, while he and Obama can. "Any time you speak out powerfully for change, the forces for status quo attack." He made clear that he was referring to Clinton, adding, "I didn't hear these kind of attacks from Senator Clinton while she was ahead. Now that she's not we hear them." Clinton passionately retorted: "Making change is not about what you believe; it's not about a speech you make. It's about working hard. I'm not just running on a promise for change. I'm running on 35 years of change. What we need is somebody who can deliver change. We don't need to be raising false hopes." At another point, when one moderator asked Clinton why polls showed she was less "likeable" than other candidates, particularly Obama, she joked tongue-in-cheek, "Well that hurts my feelings ... but I'll try to go on."
In the wake of the Iowa defeat, the campaign hoped that Bill Clinton could help salvage a win in New Hampshire, where he had achieved a political comeback in his 1992 presidential campaign. As he had in Iowa, the former President campaigned intensively, but his New Hampshire appearances failed to draw large or enthusiastic crowds. On the day before the primary, press reports indicated that Hillary Clinton advisers were pessimistic about the immediate future, thinking it was unlikely she would be able to win either New Hampshire or South Carolina.
That same morning, Clinton became "visibly emotional" at a stop in Portsmouth, when after a friendly question from a voter about how she kept going on the campaign trail, she said, "It's not easy, and I couldn't do it if I just didn't, you know, passionately believe it was the right thing to do."
On election day, January 8, 2008, seven different polls led to a win for Obama, by margins from 5 points to 13 points, with an average of 8.3 points. Elegies were published on the Clinton campaign. Weather was good and voter turnout was reported as heavy all day long, with election officials worried they might run out of ballots; the large turnout was expected to favor Obama. During the day and into the evening there were reports of a major shakeup in Clinton's campaign staff scheduled for the next day, in the wake of an expected loss.
In contrast to expectations, Clinton won New Hampshire gaining about 39 percent of the vote compared to Obama's 36 percent. In her victory remarks to supporters that evening, Clinton said, "I come tonight with a full heart. Over the last week, I listened to you, and in the process I found my own voice."
In the following days, media outlets engaged in self-examinatory listing of the many faults of their coverage, while pundits advanced dozens of theories to explain the unexpected result. The reason for the comeback that most captured the public imagination was her humanization in the last days of the campaign, in particular the "likeability" issue being raised in the debate and her moment becoming became "visibly emotional" the day before which resonated with female voters.
Meanwhile, Internet theories sprung questioning the voting and arguing that there were discrepancies between machine-counted votes (which supported Clinton overall) and hand-counted votes (which supported Obama overall). Fifth-place finisher Dennis Kucinich's campaign paid $25,000 to have a recount done of all Democratic ballots cast in the primary, saying "It is imperative that these questions be addressed in the interest of public confidence in the integrity of the election process and the election machinery." On January 16 the New Hampshire Secretary of State's office began the recount. After recounting 23 percent of the state's Democratic primary votes, the Secretary of State announced that no significant difference was found in any candidate's total, and that the oft-discussed discrepancy between hand-counted and machine-counted ballots was solely due to demographic factors.
Maya Angelou.
American poet, author, and actress, Maya Angelou recited her poem, "On the Pulse of Morning" at President Bill Clinton's inauguration in 1993, the first poet to do so since Robert Frost at John F. Kennedy's inauguration in 1961. In January 2008, Angelou announced that she wrote a poem for Hillary entitled "State Package for Hillary Clinton" for "The Observer". On the subject of writing the poem, "The Guardian" stated that, "Angelou is steadfast in her loyalty to Clinton. She said recently: 'I made up my mind 15 years ago that if she ever ran for office I'd be on her wagon' [...] Angelou says that she has had many long telephone conversations with on the subject of Obama versus Clinton. 'She thinks he's the best, and I think my woman is the best,' she has explained. 'Oprah is a daughter to me, but she is not my clone.'" On April 30, 2008, Angelou made a public endorsement of Clinton.
Issues of race.
Issues of race came to the forefront as campaigning began for the January 26 South Carolina primary, the first to feature large African American participation in the Democratic electorate. First, in the closing stages of the New Hampshire campaign, Bill Clinton had referred to Obama's claim that he has been a staunch opponent of the Iraq War from the beginning as a "fairy tale," which some subsequently thought was a characterization of Obama's entire campaign. The former President called into Al Sharpton's radio show to personally clarify that he respected Obama and believed in his viability.
Around the same time, Hillary Clinton discussed Martin Luther King, Jr. and President Lyndon Johnson in an interview for Fox News. She stated that, "I would point to the fact that that Dr. King's dream began to be realized when President Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964, when he was able to get through Congress something that President Kennedy was hopeful to do, the President before had not even tried, but it took a president to get it done. That dream became a reality, the power of that dream became a real in people's lives because we had a president who said we are going to do it, and actually got it accomplished." Some African-American leaders took this statement as a denigration of the accomplishments of King and the larger American civil rights movement. Hillary Clinton blamed Obama for the controversy, claiming his campaign had fanned the flames, a charge which Obama dismissed as "ludicrous". Shortly before, and during, a January 15 Democratic debate in Nevada, Clinton and Obama declared a truce on the matter, with both making reconciliatory statements about race, gender, and each other. However, there was concern that Clinton's support among some African Americans may have been damaged, with SUNY Albany's Debra Dickerson stating "The Clintons have to do something dramatic and symbolic to win back the trust of many African-Americans."
In part the tension resulted from the historical coincidence of the first viable female presidential candidate, and the first viable African American candidate, running against each other in the same nomination race. One South Carolina pastor lamented that he had been waiting all his life for either "first" to happen, and said, "I really hate that they had to run at the same time in the same election. It just makes what should be a wonderful situation very stressful for folk like me. I never imagined you could have too much of a good thing." Clinton acknowledged that she understood the situation: "I wish it didn't have to be a choice. I think a lot of people who are torn between us feel that way. But it is a contest ..." Feminism and the civil rights movement had a long intertwined history in the United States, often working in concert but sometimes opposed; while the bitter 19th century split between Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Frederick Douglass illustrated the latter, the unified opposition to the Supreme Court nomination of Clarence Thomas had exemplified the former. After the Clinton-Obama tension on this matter, one Democrat interviewed by the "Financial Times" said, "After Iowa, Obama was the post-racial candidate who appealed to all of our better natures. Now he's a black politician and she's a woman. And it is back to politics as usual."
Michigan – maybe.
Because of a party dispute over scheduling, the January 15 Michigan primary lost its delegates to the national convention, and all major candidates signed a pledge "not to campaign or participate" in Michigan's primary. The majority of candidates, including Richardson, Edwards and Obama, interpreted the pledge as requiring the removal of their names from the Michigan ballot. Clinton, however, decided to keep her name on the ballot, only agreeing to the "campaign" part of the pledge. Thus, little or no campaigning was done there (in the actual vote, Clinton would win nothing with 55 percent of the vote against 40 percent for an uncommitted slate) and attention instead moved to the January 19 Nevada caucuses.
Later, in the month, Clinton announced that she wanted a Michigan delegation (and Florida's, in the same circumstance) seated at the convention, saying "I hear all the time from people in Florida and Michigan that they want their voices heard in selecting the Democratic nominee. I believe our nominee will need the enthusiastic support of Democrats in these states to win the general election, and so I will ask my Democratic convention delegates to support seating the delegations from Florida and Michigan." This seemed to contradict her previous statement on NH public radio where she said, "Well, you know, it's clear, this election they're having is not going to count for anything." The Obama campaign responded that it was clear these contests were for no delegates and that "it seems like Hillary Clinton will do or say anything to win an election."
Nevada.
The Clinton campaign benefited from a surge in fundraising after its New Hampshire win, garnering $6 million in new funds. Robby Mook served as Clinton's state director in Nevada.
In Nevada, Obama gained the valuable endorsement of the Culinary Workers Union, whose 60,000 members staff the casinos and resorts of Las Vegas and elsewhere. Clinton countered by appealing to the Hispanic vote in the state, emphasizing that they were at special risk from the fallout from the subprime mortgage crisis. Meanwhile, a proxy legal battle between Clinton and Obama broke out over the creation of special at-large precincts within nine Las Vegas resorts, which were approved in 2007 to allow casino employees a chance to participate in the caucuses, as many employees could not leave the casinos during voting hours. Clinton supporters said they violated equal protection and one-person-one-vote requirements, and the Nevada State Education Association filed a lawsuit seeking to eliminate the casino caucus sites. The organization did not officially endorse Clinton, but many of its top officials have done so. This led Obama to allege that the suit was filed in order to hurt his chances at the caucuses. "Some of the people who set up the rules apparently didn't think we'd be as competitive as we were and are trying to change them last minute," he said.
On January 17, a federal judge ruled that the casino at-large caucus plan could go ahead. This was seen as a win for Obama because of the Culinary Workers Union endorsement.
To further complicate matters, the major news and polling organizations decided to not do any polls before the Nevada caucuses, fearing the newness of the caucus, the transient nature of Nevada's population, and more fallout from their bad experience in New Hampshire. In one of the few polls that was conducted, the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" reported that Clinton was ahead by 9 points.
Clinton finished first in the caucuses on January 19, winning 51% of delegates to the state convention compared to 45% for Obama. After the caucuses, there was dispute over which candidate would send more delegates to the national convention. It appeared that Obama won 13 to Clinton's 12, because the apportionment of delegates is based on county totals. Delegates to the national convention will be determined officially at the April 19 state convention, and the Nevada Democratic Party said that it was not necessarily true that state delegate preferences would remain the same by that time.
On January 23, the Obama campaign filed an official letter of complaint with the Nevada Democratic Party charging the Clinton campaign with many violations of party rules during the caucuses, based upon 1,600 complaints they had received. The Clinton camp said the Obama operation was "grasping at straws" and that they had their own complaints about Obama campaign actions during the caucuses.
South Carolina.
The issues of race that came to the forefront had no greater effect than where campaigning began for the January 26 South Carolina primary, the first to feature large African American participation in the Democratic electorate. The January 22 CNN/Congressional Black Caucus debate in Myrtle Beach was according to CNN a "debate punctuated by sharp exchanges." Clinton criticized Obama for voting "present" on many occasions while in the Illinois Senate. "It's hard to have a straight up debate with you because you never take responsibility for any vote," she said. Obama said that he was working to help unemployed workers in Chicago while Clinton was "a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart." He also took issue with statements made on the campaign trail by Bill Clinton, saying "I can't tell who I'm running against sometimes." It was the most-watched primary season debate in cable television news history. In the days after the debate, Hillary Clinton left to campaign in some Super Duper Tuesday states, while Bill Clinton stayed in South Carolina and engaged in a series of exchanges with Obama. Clinton's decision to leave the state was subject to criticism. Hillary aides responded by stating that criticism directed towards Clinton was created in order to "to undermine the former president". Edwards stayed clear of the fray in the debate and later said that he represented the "grown-up wing" of the party.
Bill Clinton attracted controversy for his participation in his wife's campaign after a series of attacks made on his part against Obama, which many former Clinton supporters felt to be unfair. While some felt the attacks against Obama may eventually pay off, others felt it would damage Hillary Clinton's presidential prospects and alienate Democratic voters in the general election if she won the nomination. There was also concern that the former President was overshadowing the candidate on the campaign trail. According to CBS, "By injecting himself into the Democratic primary campaign with a series of inflammatory and negative statements, Bill Clinton may have helped his wife's presidential hopes in the long term but at the cost of his reputation with a group of voters that have long been one of his strongest bases of political support." Some critics accused Clinton of "pulling the race card" against Barack Obama.
On January 26, Obama won by a more than two-to-one margin over Clinton, gaining 55 percent of the vote to her 27 percent and Edwards' 18 percent. Bill Clinton had compared Obama's victory to Jesse Jackson's victory in the 1988 South Carolina primary, in which he said "Jackson ran a good campaign. And Obama ran a good campaign here." He would be criticized for these comments because they were widely seen as implying that Obama was "the black candidate. " Hillary Clinton would later apologize for her husband's remarks in front of the State of the Black Union conference. Clinton had already left the state and gave her concession speech from Tennessee State University, where she said she was looking forward to the February 5 Super Duper Tuesday contests.
Kennedy family endorsements.
In late 2007, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and his sisters Kathleen Kennedy Townsend and Kerry Kennedy (children of the late Senator and United States Attorney General, Robert F. Kennedy) announced that they would be endorsing Hillary Clinton.
On January 27, 2008, their cousin Caroline Kennedy (President John F. Kennedy's daughter) announced in a "New York Times" op-ed piece entitled, "A President Like My Father", that she would endorse Barack Obama in the 2008 U.S. presidential election. On the same day, her uncle Senator Ted Kennedy announced that he would endorse Obama despite appeals by both Clintons not to do so. Senator Kennedy's endorsement was considered among the most influential that any Democrat could get. In particular, it raised the possibility of improving Obama's vote-getting among unions, Hispanics, and traditional base Democrats. It was later followed by an announcement that his son Congressman Patrick Kennedy of Rhode Island's 1st District would also endorse Obama. Obama was also subsequently endorsed by Robert F. Kennedy's widow, Ethel Kennedy, and two of their children, Max Kennedy and Rory Kennedy
In response to these endorsements, Robert, Kathleen, and Kerry wrote in a January 29, 2008, editorial, "By now you may have read or heard that our cousin, Caroline Kennedy, and our uncle, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, have come out in favor of Sen. Barack Obama. We, however, are supporting Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton because we believe that she is the strongest candidate for our party and our country." California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, a member of the Kennedy family through his marriage to Maria Shriver, an Obama supporter, commented, "What is surprising is that I think for the first time, the family is not in sync [...] three of them have endorsed Barack Obama and three of them have endorsed Hillary Clinton. I think that's the interesting story there." Shriver's brother, Anthony Shriver, supported Clinton as well.
Impact of Bill Clinton.
After South Carolina, the Clinton campaign sought to find a "gentler" role for Bill Clinton, whose actions during the South Carolina campaign and earlier was suspected of having polarized the Democrat electorate and harming Hillary Clinton's standing among women, in addition to having contributed to Ted Kennedy's decision to endorse Obama. Congressman Charles Rangel, an outspoken Hillary Clinton supporter, said of Bill Clinton, “He's got to back. The focus has got to get back on Hillary. For all that he cares about his wife, this has to be her election to win, and it's become too much about his role.” By two days after South Carolina, CNN's Candy Crowley reported that there was "a huge wave" of sentiment inside and outside the Clinton campaign that the former President "needs to stop."
Bill Clinton did subsequently maintain a lower profile on the campaign, relying on standard talking points and rarely mentioning Obama by name, or if he did, praising him: "I'm not against anybody. I'm "for" Hillary ... If you disagree, you have another very attractive choice." Bill Clinton said that in retrospect, "Everything I have said has been factually accurate, but I think the mistake I made was to think I was a spouse just like any other spouse who could defend his candidate. I think I can promote Hillary but not defend her because I was president."
By late February, with Hillary Clinton trailing further behind Obama, one unnamed senior adviser to her campaign said that in hindsight it had been unwise to use Bill Clinton as much as they had, as “his presence, aura and legacy caused national fatigue with the Clintons.”
Florida – maybe.
The Florida Primary on January 29, like the earlier Michigan one, had had its delegates stripped from it due to its jumping too early in the primary season. The Democratic candidates agreed not to campaign in the state, although unlike Michigan all were on the ballot here. Several days before the primary, Clinton announced that she believed Florida delegates "should" get seated at the national convention.
Despite no delegates apparently being at stake, over 1.5 million Democrats voted in the primary. Clinton won with 50 percent of the vote, compared to 33 percent for Obama and 14 percent for Edwards. Clinton was in Florida that evening and gave a brief victory speech, saying, "You know, I could not come here to ask in person for your votes. But I am here to thank you for your votes today. This has been a record turnout because Floridians wanted their voices to be heard on the great issues that affect our country and the world."
Super Tuesday.
Super Tuesday took place on February 5, 2008, with twenty-two states holding Democratic caucuses or primary elections on this date. It was preceded by two events for Clinton. The first was a debate held at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles on January 31 which was notable for its civil tone. The second was "Hillary's Voices Across America: A National Town Hall" which was broadcast on the "Hallmark Channel" at 9 pm on February 4. During this time, Clinton also announced that she had loaned her campaign $5 million. Of this loan Clinton commented, "I loaned it because I believe very strongly in this campaign. We had a great month fund-raising in January, broke all records. But my opponent was able to raise more money."
There were a number of issues at stake going into Super Tuesday, with no clear winner assured in the race. One critical factor was the California primary which was deemed the "biggest prize in the Super Tuesday contest: the state delivers 370 delegates for the Democratic candidates." In the California contest, Clinton had gained three important endorsements: Congresswoman Maxine Waters, Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom.
Clinton won nine states on Super Tuesday including important delegate rich ones: the California Primary, 52% to 42%, with 204 delegates for Clinton and 160 for Obama; the New York Primary 57% to 40% with 139 delegates for Clinton and 93 for Obama; the New Jersey Primary 54% to 44% with 59 delegates for Clinton and 48 for Obama;
the Arizona Primary 51% to 42% with 31 delegates for Clinton and 25 for Obama; the Arkansas Primary 70% to 20% with 27 delegates for Clinton and 8 for Obama; Oklahoma Primary, 61% to 37%, of which Clinton gained 24 delegates and Obama 14; and Tennessee Primary, 54% to 41%, of which Clinton gained 40 delegates and Obama 28. She also won the Massachusetts Primary 56% to 41%, of which Clinton gained 55 delegates and Obama 38. The Massachusetts Primary was described by "The Guardian" as a "symbolically important triumph" for Clinton. New Mexico had to postpone declaring a winner in order to conduct a recount. Clinton was announced the winner of New Mexico on February 14. Obama won the primaries in Alabama, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Missouri and Utah. He also won all of the states which held caucuses – Alaska, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota and North Dakota; among the reasons for this were his campaign's fundraising advantage, which allowed him to procure the costly ground operations crucial to success in caucuses. According to CBS News estimates, Obama won 803 pledged delegates on Super Tuesday and Clinton took 799.
Within a few days after Super Tuesday, Clinton raised $10 million from 100,000 donors.
Louisiana, Nebraska, Washington, and Maine.
Clinton competed in Washington, with advertising and personal appearances, as well as in Maine, with Bill Clinton going to Louisiana. In Washington, which had the most delegates at stake, Clinton had the endorsements of Senators Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell, but lost Governor Chris Gregoire to Obama. Nebraska was visited by daughter Chelsea Clinton, who talked to students at Creighton University.
On February 9, Clinton lost the Louisiana primary 57% to 36%, the Nebraska caucuses 68% to 32%, and the Washington caucuses 68% to 31%. Across the three states, Obama gaining 84 delegates to Clinton's 45. On February 10, Clinton lost the Maine caucus 59% to 40%. Obama gained 15 delegates to Clinton's 9.
The Potomac primary.
The "Potomac primary", with votes cast in Maryland, the Virginia, and the District of Columbia, was held on February 12.
Clinton made personal appearances in the District, Maryland, and Virginia. Obama was able to begin his television advertising in the states earlier than Clinton, due to his campaign's fundraising advantage. Clinton lost the D.C. primary 75% to 24%, the Maryland primary 60% to 37% (with 96% of the precincts reporting), and the Virginia Primary 64% to 35%.
Clinton herself responded to the loss by stating, "I think everybody knew that he was favored there. My husband lost Maryland when he was running in the primary. We go on. We’re ready for the contests that are upcoming. There are hundreds of delegates that will be in play on March 4. We are well organized and well positioned." Regarding a response to Obama's win CNN argued, "for the second election night in a row, Hillary Clinton failed to acknowledge or congratulate Barack Obama after he won the day in dominating fashion." CBS, however, quoted Clinton as telling reporters, 'I want to congratulate Senator Obama on his recent victories and tell him to meet me in Texas, we’re ready.'"
On February 14, a national poll by Ipsos-Public Affairs placed Clinton at 46% and Obama at 41%. National polls from Rasmussen and Gallup were released the same day. Rasmussen showed Obama ahead 49–37, and Gallup had the race virtually even, with Obama holding a one-point lead. The same day, Obama passed Clinton in the overall Pollster.com aggregate national poll for the first time during the campaign. NBC News noted that even if Florida and Michigan were included in the tally, Obama led in the total popular vote after the Potomac primary.
Role of superdelegates.
Following the Potomac primary, the potential role of superdelegates in deciding the Democratic nomination was heavily discussed. In particular, the possibility of one candidate gaining more pledged delegates from primary and caucus wins, but losing the nomination to the other due to the decisions of superdelegates, made some Democratic leaders uncomfortable. The Clinton camp, behind in pledged delegates, advocated that superdelegates exercise their own judgment in deciding which candidate to back; Clinton campaign worker Geraldine Ferraro argued for this option, with Ferraro stating, "The superdelegates were created to lead, not to follow." The Obama camp, ahead in pledged delegates, advocated that superdelegates follow the will of the voters and back whichever candidate had the most pledged delegates. Some party leaders, such as U.S. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, argued for the latter interpretation, while others such as Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean argued for the former interpretation.
African American superdelegates previously pledged to Clinton, found themselves under pressure to switch to supporting Obama's historic candidacy; Representative Jesse Jackson, Jr. suggested that those staying with Clinton might face Democratic primary challenges in the future. MoveOn.org started an Internet petition to urge superdelegates to "let the voters decide between Clinton and Obama, then support the people's choice."
While Clinton was viewed as having an institutional advantage in amassing superdelegates by virtue of her fifteen years of national prominence in party politics. However, Obama had heavily outspent Clinton in previous contributions to superdelegates through their political action committees.
Whether or not Clinton actually could prevail with the help of party-appointed superdelegates was also an increasingly debated question, as Obama gained 47 new superdelegates between Super Tuesday and mid-March, while Clinton lost 7.
Wisconsin and Hawaii.
The Wisconsin primary and the Hawaii caucuses were next on the campaign schedule. Chelsea Clinton made appearances at four Wisconsin universities: University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, University of Wisconsin–Madison, University of Wisconsin–La Crosse, and University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire. WISN-TV noted Chelsea's statement at UW–Milwaukee that, "On the war in Iraq, 'mother would end it the first day (in office) if she could,' but acknowledges that it would take about 60 days to come up with a plan to withdraw our troops and set up a workable plan to leave." Chelsea also planned to appear for her mother in Honolulu and in Maui.
Hillary Clinton reduced her already limited scheduled appearances in Wisconsin, with her campaign feeling disadvantaged by Governor of Wisconsin Jim Doyle's endorsement of Obama and the fact that independent voters are able to vote in the state's Democratic primary. Clinton made Obama's refusals to add any additional debates to the campaign schedule a primary focus of her messaging in Wisconsin, saying, "I will meet Senator Obama any place in the state. There's only been one debate between the two of us. This has only been a two person race for a little over two weeks. And I think it's a real disservice to the people of Wisconsin that you haven’t had a chance to see the tough questions asked and answered." Obama responded by saying, "We've had 18 debates. Eighteen debates!" Obama outspent Clinton 4–1 in television advertising in the state, and was able to get on the air earlier than Clinton due to his campaign's greater financial strength. Clinton did air a large number of negative ads against Obama in the final days of the campaign.
The most publicized charge which Clinton used against Obama preceding the Wisconsin primary were accusations that he plagiarized portions of his campaign's national co-chair Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts. The lines Obama used were in response to charges by Clinton that his campaign offered "speeches but not solutions." The lines Obama used were almost verbatim from portions of a speech made by Patrick in 2006, stating “Don’t tell me words don’t matter.‘I have a dream.’ Just words? ‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.’ Just words! ‘We have nothing to fear but fear itself.’ Just words – just speeches!” Obama stated that he borrowed the lines after being recommend to do so by Patrick who had faced similar attacks that he was only offering talk but not action.
On February 19, Clinton's losing streak to Obama stretched to ten in a row. Obama won the Wisconsin primary 58 percent to 41 percent, with a trend continuing of Clinton losing support in demographics that had previously been most favorable to her, such as women, lower-income families, and people who belong to labor unions. That evening, when Clinton's televised remarks did not include acknowledgment of Obama's victory, he started his own victory remarks before she finished, causing the cable news channels' to switch their live coverage to Obama. Obama also won the Hawaii caucuses overwhelmingly, 76 percent to 24 percent, in the state where he was born, spent much of his childhood, and still has family. "The New York Times" termed the night's results and demographic trends "grim tidings for Mrs. Clinton," while the "Los Angeles Times" headlined, "Wisconsin: Beginning of the end for Clinton?" and the Associated Press described her campaign as "fading".
Two days later, the results of the worldwide Democrats Abroad primary were announced, with Obama winning by a wide margin and stretching Clinton's losing streak to eleven.
Ohio, Rhode Island, Texas, and Vermont.
The Ohio Primary, Rhode Island Primary, Texas Primary and Texas Caucus, and Vermont Primary took place on March 4. The delegate-rich Ohio and Texas primaries were considered to be top prizes for both candidates: Ohio offers 141 pledged delegates and Texas 193. A number of news organizations, most notably cable television network Fox News named the March 4 primaries and caucuses "Super Tuesday II. "
In Texas, a Houston rally was held on February 10 in support of Clinton. On February 12, according to CBS, Hillary received a "rock star welcome" when she spoke before a crowd of 12,000 at the University of Texas at El Paso.
In Ohio, polls released on February 13 indicated that Clinton had a 17-point lead. She gained the endorsement of Ohio Governor Ted Strickland and Ohio First Lady Frances Strickland, of astronaut and former Senator John Glenn, and of Akron mayor Don Plusquellic. She also gained the endorsement of the "Columbus Dispatch". In mid February Chelsea Clinton's campaigning for her mother included visits to Cleveland State University, the University of Akron Ohio State, and Ohio Wesleyan.
In Rhode Island, a February 13 Brown University poll for the state indicated Clinton was the choice of 36 percent of voters surveyed while Obama was supported by 28 percent.
As Obama solidified his lead, Clinton shook things up with a revamped message and sharper digs at her party's front man on February 20, 2008.
However, in the February 21 Democratic debate at the University of Texas at Austin, the next-to-last one of the campaign, Clinton generally refrained from attacking Obama. Clinton's closing statement in the debate drew praise from political analysts and a standing ovation from the audience. A police officer was killed February 22, 2008, in a motorcycle accident as Clinton's motorcade made its way through downtown Dallas. A visibly angry Clinton lashed out February 22 at Obama over campaign literature that she said he knows is "blatantly false". At the same time, a "New York Times" report portrayed her as still fighting, but philosophical and realistic about the possibility that she would lose the race. With only a week left in the race a February 26 "New York Times" report by political correspondent Patrick Healy stated that Clinton had developed a new "kitchen sink strategy" to confronting Obama which involved a slew of negative campaign attacks on Obama's experience and especially his readiness to be commander in chief. This began with a February 25 speech at George Washington University on foreign policy with Clinton comparing Obama's foreign policy inexperience to President George W. Bush.
With a week and a half to go, both Ohio and Texas tightened: An ABC News/Washington Post poll taken February 16–20 indicated that Clinton's lead over Obama in Ohio had shrunk to 7 percentage points. Another poll, released February 25, projected also a statistical dead heat in Texas between the two. On February 25 USA Today/Gallup poll showed that Obama had a double-digit lead for the first time, and a CBS News/New York Times poll showed an even larger Obama lead.
In the last scheduled debate of the campaign, at Cleveland State University on February 26, Clinton and Obama argued with each other over negative campaigning, health care and free trade. Clinton personally echoed a theme her campaign had emphasized over the past days, that media coverage on her was much tougher than that on Obama, by making reference to a "Saturday Night Live" skit on the same point from the weekend before. "New York Times" writer Alessandra Stanley said that the debate, hosted by MSNBC and featuring grillings from Tim Russert, "did look a bit like the 'S.N.L.' parody." Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama battled for votes over the airwaves and on the ground in Texas on February 29. Hillary Clinton met her match while appearing on NBC's "Saturday Night Live" to deliver the show's trademark opening line and provide an "editorial response" to a mock presidential debate. On March 2, 2008, Hillary Clinton tried to convince Ohio voters they have what it takes to fix the economy as they campaigned before contests that could decide the Democratic presidential nomination. The state's 3.6 million eligible Hispanic voters could tip the balance in delegate-rich Texas toward Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama. But they're deeply divided. Clinton relied on a loyal grass-roots network of community leaders.
One of the most controversial and upfront moves of the so-called "kitchen sink" strategy against Obama had been an ad entitled "Children" which Clinton aired in Texas concerning a 3 am phone call at the White House during a world crisis and touting Clinton's national security credentials. Many political commentators compared the Clinton ad to one used in the 1984 Democratic primary by Walter Mondale against Gary Hart. Obama responded with a similar ad on the same day claiming that Clinton lacked the judgment to deal with a world crisis because of her vote for the Iraq war. Clinton gave her harshest rebuke of Obama yet on March 3 when she repeatedly stated that she and Senator McCain had foreign policy experience while Obama only had a speech. The Obama campaign responded asking what foreign policy experience Clinton truly had. Hillary Clinton said March 17, 2008, she is the only candidate who would exercise the leadership needed to end the Iraq war. Sen. Barack Obama holds up his original opposition to the war on the campaign trail, but he didn't start working aggressively to end the war.
Clinton broke the twelve-state winning streak for Obama with her victory in Rhode Island 58%/40%. The state had Clinton leading in the polls, though her lead had been narrowing in the days leading up to the primary. Clinton also won the Ohio primary 54%/44% and the Texas primary 51%/47%. She lost Vermont 59%/39% and the Texas Caucus 56%/44% with 41% reporting. She will likely lose Texas overall, with fewer delegates than her rival. Clinton's wins in Ohio and Texas resulted in large part from her gaining back her core demographic areas of support, such as women and lower-income groups.
The day after, on March 5, Clinton raised the possibility on several morning news programs of a joint ticket with Obama, saying: "That may be where this is headed. But, of course, we have to decide who is on the top of ticket. I think the people of Ohio very clearly said that it should be me." Soon after, in Wyoming, Obama explicitly rejected the notion, saying "You won’t see me as a Vice Presidential candidate."
Wyoming and Mississippi.
The Wyoming Caucus was held on March 8, 2008, with Senator Obama winning by 61% of the vote compared to Clinton's 38%. President Bill Clinton and daughter Chelsea had campaigned in the state, and Hillary Clinton made a Wyoming appearance the day before the caucuses. The Clinton campaign had continued to criticize Senator Obama's inexperience with what one Clinton aide called the "kitchen sink" strategy – throwing everything at Obama in the days leading up to the March 4 primaries in Ohio and Texas. The Obama campaign was seen as "off balance" by former John Edwards campaign manager Joe Trippi in an interview with New York Magazine because many problems mired the Obama campaign after its Ohio and Texas losses, Trippi expressed concern that Obama's negative counter-attack strategy could backfire. Earlier in the week the campaign of Republican nominee John McCain attacked a gaffe by Obama's foreign policy advisor Susan Rice on MSNBC's "Tucker," wherein she said that neither Obama nor Clinton was "ready to receive that 3 am call," referring to Clinton's Texas attack ad. Obama was also hurt by news that foreign policy advisor Samantha Power had called Clinton a "monster" in an interview with Scottish newspaper The Scotsman. Power subsequently resigned from the campaign. Obama responded to the re-vamped Clinton "kitchen sink" strategy by raising Senator Clinton's reluctance to release her tax returns, with campaign manager David Plouffe calling Clinton "one of the most secretive politicians in America today". Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson responded to the attacks by comparing Obama to former special prosecutor Kenneth Starr.
The Clinton campaign continued to hint that a Clinton victory would entail Obama being chosen as vice Presidential running mate, and on March 8, former President Bill Clinton made known his support of this as a "dream ticket" which would be an "almost unstoppable force" However, the day before, in Casper, Wyoming, Senator Obama had explicitly rejected this notion. On March 10, Obama noted that he, not Senator Clinton, held the lead in delegates won. "I don't know how somebody who is in second place is offering the vice presidency to somebody who is in first place," he said. He further stated that Clinton's VP suggestion was an example of what he called "the old okey-doke", telling a Columbus, MS crowd that the Clinton camp was trying to "bamboozle" or "hoodwink" voters. Obama inquired why the Clinton campaign believed him competent for Vice President, but not as President.
The Mississippi Primary was held on March 11, 2008, with Obama winning 61% of the vote to Clinton's 37%. It was notable that the Mississippi results were largely divided by racial lines with exit polls by CNN showing Obama winning 91% of the black vote while 72% of the white vote went to Clinton.
Ferraro comments and resignation.
On March 7, 2008, the 1984 Democratic vice-presidential nominee and Clinton finance committee member Geraldine Ferraro, gave an interview to the small California newspaper "Daily Breeze" in which she said, "I think what America feels about a woman becoming president takes a very secondary place to Obama's campaign – to a kind of campaign that it would be hard for anyone to run against. For one thing, you have the press, which has been uniquely hard on her. It's been a very sexist media. Some just don't like her. The others have gotten caught up in the Obama campaign. If Obama was a white man, he would not be in this position. And if he was a woman (of any color) he would not be in this position. He happens to be very lucky to be who he is. And the country is caught up in the concept." Ferraro justified her statements by referring to her own run for vice president saying that she "was talking about historic candidacies and what I started off by saying (was that) if you go back to 1984 and look at my historic candidacy, which I had just talked about all these things, in 1984 if my name was Gerard Ferraro instead of Geraldine Ferraro, I would have never been chosen as a vice presidential candidate. It had nothing to do with my qualification."
By the day of the March 11 Mississippi primary, the comments had achieved wider circulation and she was accused of being racially insensitive. Hillary Clinton rejected Ferraro's comments – saying, "It is regrettable that any of our supporters on both sides, because we've both had that experience, say things that kind of veer off into the personal. We ought to keep this on the issues" – but did not call for Ferraro's resignation from the Clinton campaign. Ferraro rejected apologizing or repudiating her comments once they came under fire from the Obama campaign, and spoke to the "Daily Breeze" again, where she said, "I really think they're attacking me because I'm white. How's that?"
On March 12, MSNBC commentator Keith Olbermann launched an unusually vehement critique of the Clinton campaign, accusing the campaign of using Ferraro as a surrogate to imply that Obama (who was president of Harvard Law Review at Harvard Law School during his time there and is a "magna cum laude" graduate of its law school) was the beneficiary of social and media affirmative action. Some commentators saw these comments by Ferraro as a coded attempt by the campaign to appeal to race-conscious white voters in the upcoming Pennsylvania primary. Later on March 12, Ferraro resigned from the Clinton campaign, saying "The Obama campaign is attacking me to hurt you. I won't let that happen." At a campaign stop with the National Newspaper Publishers Association which represents over 200 African American newspapers, Clinton was asked to apologize for Ferraro's remarks and said, "I said yesterday that I rejected what she said, and I certainly do repudiate it."
Comments about 1996 Bosnia trip.
During her presidential campaign, Clinton had made several references to her March 1996 trip to visit U.S. troops enforcing the Dayton Agreement in Bosnia-Herzegovina, detailing a harrowing experience. At a February 29, 2008, event in Waco, Texas, with retired Gen. Wesley Clark and remarks at a December 29, 2007, event in Dubuque, Iowa, Clinton detailed how she had to make a run for it on the tarmac at Tuzla Air Base to avoid sniper fire. On March 17, 2008, during her Saint Patrick's Day speech at The George Washington University, Clinton described her trip to Bosnia:
The Associated Press could find no evidence that Clinton had been under extraordinary risk during her landing at Tuzla Air Base. A video of her arrival, released by CBS News, shows Clinton and her daughter Chelsea smiling and waving as they walked at a leisurely pace across the tarmac from a cargo plane, stopping to shake hands with Bosnia's acting president and listen while an 8-year-old girl read a poem. Clinton shook hands with American troops and posed for pictures with a group of 7th graders who were also on the tarmac. Comedian Sinbad, who accompanied Clinton on the trip, said, "I never felt that I was in a dangerous position. I never felt being in a sense of peril, or 'Oh, God, I hope I'm going to be OK when I get out of this helicopter or when I get out of his tank.'" When spokesman Howard Wolfson was asked about her remarks, he said that she "misspoke". CBS News reported that hundreds of thousands of viewers had by then seen video of the 1996 event that offers evidence of Clinton's exaggeration, with Clinton aide Lissa Muscatine saying the event "was not quite as dramatic as Clinton put it." Clinton acknowledged her mistake, saying "I made a mistake. That happens. It proves I'm human, which you know, for some people, is a revelation." The Obama campaign responded by releasing documentation of three other instances in the past in which Clinton had repeated the same sniper fire claim.
Campaign finance.
The Clinton campaign had $33 million on hand at the end of February 2008, but due to federal election laws, would only be able to spend $11 million of that on the Democratic primary. As of the end of February, the campaign owed $8.7 million in unpaid debts. The campaign has also been slow paying vendors, drawing criticism from small business owners who have provided services to the campaign.
A February 8, 2008, article in the "Portsmouth Herald" stated, "Rochester physician Terry Bennett said he rented a city building to people who worked for Sen. Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign – and skipped town without paying the bill. Making matters worse, Bennett said, the building at 236 Union St. was left trashed...Realtor Michael Whitney... said he has been trying to collect rent for four weeks. 'I sent about 20 e-mails,' said Whitney. '...I called, but they will not return any of my calls.'"
A February 23, 2008, article in "The New York Times" reported that a caterer, a hotel, and a cleaning service all had trouble collecting money from Clinton's campaign for services that they had provided.
A March 31, 2008, article in "The Politico" titled "Clinton didn't pay health insurance bills" stated, "Among the debts reported this month by Hillary Clinton's struggling presidential campaign, the $292,000 in unpaid health insurance premiums for her campaign staff stands out... the unpaid bills to Aetna were at least two months old, according to FEC filings."
After Clinton's April win in the Pennsylvania primary by 9.4%, her campaign released to the media that it had received a renewed national boost, as evidenced by 60,000 donors who contributed a total of $10 million, more than 80 percent of whom the campaign said were first-time donors. An investigation from The Politico, however, concluded that the claim was only "successful campaign spin," and "a case of shaping favorable media coverage by crafting a narrative too compelling to overlook." Politico concluded this because the campaign's claims, it said, were "impossible to independently verify." Data released by the Federal Election Commission revealed that the real figure was approximately $4.3 million.
A May 12, 2008, Bloomberg News article states that Clinton has "more than $10 million in unpaid bills to vendors and consultants."
An August 22, 2008, CNN blog entry by CNN reporters Alexander Mooney and Robert Yoon stated, "According to an FEC report filed Wednesday, Clinton's debt as of the end of July stood at just under $24 million – a decrease of only $1.2 million since the end of June. More than $13 million of that total is owed to the New York senator herself, while close to $11 million is owed to individual vendors."
NAFTA position.
During her campaign, Clinton repeatedly criticized the North American Free Trade Agreement, despite it having been one of the major achievements of her husband's administration, and said that as First Lady she had been against the agreement. Her opposition to NAFTA had been a key issue in the Ohio primary.
The mid-March release of Clinton administration White House calendar documents that suggested that Hillary Clinton had participated in several meetings during 1993 to promote NAFTA's passage within Congress led to the Obama campaign accusing her of mendacity. Obama advisor David Axelrod said the documents provided "direct, incontrovertible evidence" that the First Lady worked for NAFTA's passage and that "This is the political equivalent of consumer fraud." The NAFTA matter thus became one of several where Clinton's credibility was being called into question.
Thereupon followed a range of remembrances from Clinton administration officials involved at the time. David Gergen and Robert J. Shapiro said she had opposed NAFTA on the merits, as well as for getting too high political priority compared to the Clinton health care reform plan, an assessment that was echoed by biographers Sally Bedell Smith and Carl Bernstein. Others such as Robert Reich recalled only her opposition to the priority and not to the agreement herself. In any case, once her husband had made the decision to support NAFTA, she did publicly support that.
Tax return disclosure.
On April 4, the Clintons released their tax returns for the past eight years. The total reported income for the time period was $109 million, most of which came from Bill Clinton's books, speaking engagements, and other enterprises. The Clintons paid $34 million in federal taxes over the period.
Health insurance story.
In early April, the Clinton campaign had problems arising from Clinton's use of a story of health insurance coverage, an Ohio hospital, and a patient's death. Based upon a story Clinton had heard from a Meigs Country sheriff's deputy in Pomeroy, Ohio in February, but had not had fact-checked, Clinton described a woman from rural Ohio who was making minimum wage at a local pizza shop, was uninsured, and became pregnant. As told, there were complications with the pregnancy and the woman was denied treatment at a local hospital because she couldn't afford a $100 payment; she later was taken to the hospital by ambulance and lost the baby; she was then taken by helicopter to a Columbus hospital where she died of complications. Clinton used the story through April 4 in Grand Forks, North Dakota. Officials at O'Bleness Memorial Hospital in Athens, Ohio, said the woman did have insurance and had not been turned away; they expressed frustration that Clinton's campaign never called to verify the story, and asked that Clinton stop telling it. In fact, the woman had been earlier denied treatment at a private clinic because she owed them several thousand dollars from unpaid previous visits, and so thought she could not go to the clinic again once she became pregnant, even though she now had insurance. Thus she did not seek medical care until she was already in an emergency situation. On April 6, the Clinton campaign indicated it would drop use of the story. On April 11 Paul Krugman wrote a column in the "New York Times" saying the essential point about the poor state of health care in the United States was lost in the media storm about this episode and that Clinton's point about a pregnant woman who died after being turned away was essentially correct.
Pennsylvania.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama would both statistically tie Republican John McCain in a general election matchup, according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll released March 18, 2008. At the same time, daily tracking polls from Rasmussen Reports showed McCain with a lead over both Democratic candidates. The National Archives on March 19, 2008, released more than 11,000 pages of Sen. Hillary Clinton's schedule when she was first lady. Sen. Barack Obama's campaign has pushed for the documents' release, arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of Clinton's experience as first lady.
The Pennsylvania Primary will be held on April 22. With 188 delegates, one Pennsylvania newspaper said that the state is "poised to become decisive in the Democratic presidential nomination."
President Bill Clinton highlighted the importance of the state for the Clinton campaign saying on March 11 at an event in Western Pennsylvania that "If she wins a big, big victory in Pennsylvania, I think it'|ll give her a real big boost going into the next primaries... I think she's got to win a big victory in Pennsylvania. I think if she does, she can be nominated, but it's up to you." This was a repetition of his tactic before March 4, warning supporters that his wife might not be able to continue if she did not win Ohio and Texas. Hillary Clinton emphasized that Pennsylvania was something of a home state for her, as her father came from Scranton, Pennsylvania, she and her brothers were christened there and had vacationed near there each summer, and her brothers still maintained the family cottage near there.
A February 14 Quinnipiac University Polling Institute poll placed Clinton ahead of Obama 52% to 36%. Another poll, released two weeks later, saw that margin decreasing, with Clinton leading Obama by 6 points, at 49% to 43%. As April began, Clinton's lead had been virtually wiped out in the state. A poll from Public Policy Polling had Obama two points ahead, while an Insider Advantage poll showed Clinton hanging on to a two-point advantage. Both results were within the margins of error, making the state a virtual dead heat. Another late-March poll from Quinnipiac University had Clinton nine points ahead.
On March 27, Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont called for Clinton to withdraw from the presidential campaign and support opponent Barack Obama. The six-term senator, and chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee made the statements during an interview on Vermont Public Radio. Leahy stated: "Senator Clinton has every right, but not a very good reason, to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to. As far as the delegate count and the interests of a Democratic victory in November go, there is not a very good reason for drawing this out." Clinton rejected calls to withdraw, saying "The more people get a chance to vote, the better it is for our democracy...we of all people how important it [is to give everyone a chance to have their voices heard and their votes counted." Campaigning in the week of April 14, 2008, included a tough debate between Obama and Clinton, who pounded her rival for his recent remark that decades of economic decline had left some rural voters "bitter" and clinging to religion and guns.
On April 22, she won the Pennsylvania primary by 9.2 percentage points, keeping her campaign alive and bringing in a much-needed $4.3 million in new funds over the next 24 hours, although the campaign claimed the figure was $10 million. Weekly churchgoers made up almost 36 percent of the electorate, who went to Clinton by a 56–44 margin. More than a third were gun owners, and they preferred Clinton by an almost-identical margin—60 percent to 40 percent, exit polls found out. The victory showed she had the better shot at winning on November 4, 2008, than he, she stated. A total of 158 delegates to the convention were at stake.
North Carolina and Indiana.
In a series of political ads and speeches while campaigning in Indiana, Clinton blamed the closing and move of Magnequench in Valparaiso, Indiana, a company that manufactures military-grade magnets used in smart weapons on the Bush administration. However, the company's sale to a Chinese company was approved under the administration of her husband Bill Clinton in 1995 despite national security concerns. A memo from the office of Indiana Senator Evan Bayh, who is also a supporter of Clinton, revealed that Bayh blamed the Clintons for the closing of the Magnequench plant.
Clinton was heavily outspent by Obama in both states.
Clinton made her proposal of a summer gas tax holiday a central part of her campaigning. Obama opposed the notion, and it became a major issue between them. When most economists came out against the proposal, Clinton denounced "elite opinion" and said, "I'm not going to put my lot in with economists."
On May 6, a narrow win in the Indiana primary coupled with a large loss in the North Carolina primary, damaged Clinton's campaign's chances and led to speculation about whether she could or would remain in the race. Clinton had hoped to score a solid win in Indiana and finish a close second in North Carolina, especially after Obama had endured a difficult period in his campaign due to continuing effects from the Jeremiah Wright controversy. As the results came in from these two states, ABC political analyst and former top Bill Clinton aide George Stephanopoulos declared the Democratic race "over", and NBC Washington Bureau Chief Tim Russert said, "We now know who the Democratic nominee will be." The day after the North Carolina and Indiana votes, it appeared that superdelegates and party leaders were beginning to coalesce around Obama. He added four superdelegate endorsements to Clinton's one, and former Democratic presidential candidate George McGovern switched his support from Clinton to Obama. Regardless, Clinton vowed that her campaign would continue through the remaining primary states, and she loaned it an additional $6.4 million from her own funds.
West Virginia.
Clinton expressed her rationale for staying in the race by saying, "I have a much broader base to build a winning coalition on ... is an Associated Press article that found how Sen. Obama's support among working, hard-working Americans, white Americans, is weakening again, and how whites in both states who had not completed college were supporting me. There's a pattern emerging here." The bluntness of her demographic analysis garnered some attention, and Clinton aides later said she regretted the remarks. When Congressman Charles Rangel, a strong Clinton supporter, said "that was the dumbest thing she could have said," Clinton acknowledged that "he's probably right."
Campaigning for the coming primaries, the Clinton campaign was forced to economize in its presentation values. While Internet and conventional fundraising continued, it fell far short of the burst she had received after her Pennsylvania win.
Ahead of the West Virginia vote, Obama took the lead in committed superdelegates on May 9. Obama had picked up seven endorsements from superdelegates since the May 6 primaries. Recognizing that the nature of the contest had changed, Clinton largely eliminated mention or criticism of Obama from her stump speeches and advertisements.
Clinton won the state by a 41-percentage-point margin, and told supporters that she was "more determined than ever to carry on in this campaign". After exit polls revealed that large numbers of Clinton supporters were planning to vote for John McCain rather than Obama should she lose the nomination, Clinton said it would be a "terrible mistake" for those voters to do so: "I'm going to work my heart out for whoever our nominee is. Obviously, I'm still hoping to be that nominee, but I'm going to do everything I can to make sure that anyone who supported me ... understands what a grave error it would be not to vote for Sen. Obama."
After winning West Virginia, the Clinton campaign claimed a lead in the popular vote. The math behind this claim required (1) excluding the caucus states of Iowa, Nevada, Maine, and Washington; (2) including the disputed Florida totals; (3) including the disputed Michigan totals; (4) alloting 0 votes to Obama in Michigan. By that calculation, Clinton was ahead by roughly 27,000 votes of 33.4 million cast, or 0.08%. CNN noted that "Four different scenarios of the total popular vote have been kicked around," and that Obama led under all four scenarios. Clinton was ahead only under a fifth scenario excluding caucus states.
Kentucky and Oregon.
Obama continued to add to his superdelegate lead in the week before the May 20 Kentucky and Oregon primaries, and former Democratic candidate John Edwards endorsed Obama on May 14.
On May 20, Clinton won the Kentucky primary by a 35-point margin, while losing the Oregon primary by 18 points.|With the results, Obama gained a majority of all the pledged delegates to the convention.
With Obama approaching victory in the nomination process, Clinton continued to avoid attacking him. The campaigns had not yet begun discussing what Clinton might want in any concession negotiation. Bill Clinton began strongly pushing for Obama to take Hillary Clinton as his vice presidential running mate.
RFK remark controversy.
While campaigning in South Dakota on May 23, Clinton responded to questions about why there was pressure on her to leave the race: 
Clinton's mention of the 1968 assassination of Robert F. Kennedy in the context of her rationale for staying in the race drew a quick storm of national attention, as well as strong criticism from the Obama campaign. By the end of the day, Clinton issued an apology, saying that the Kennedys were on her mind due to the recent medical condition of Ted Kennedy and that she only used the example because of the June timeline, not, as speculated, to imply an Obama assassination. She had made a similar remark to Time magazine in March.
The following day Obama said he would give Clinton the benefit of the doubt, adding, "I have learned that when you are campaigning for as many months as Senator Clinton and I have been campaigning, sometimes you get careless in terms of the statements that you make. And I think that is what happened here." Throughout the Memorial Day weekend, the Clinton campaign sought to do damage control over the remarks, arguing more strongly that her remarks had been deliberately taken out of context by the news media and the Obama campaign. Campaign spokesperson Howard Wolfson said, "It was unfortunate and unnecessary, and in my opinion, inflammatory, for the Obama campaign to attack Senator Clinton on Friday for these remarks, without obviously knowing the full facts or context."
Clinton was also criticized for exaggerating the meaningful duration of her husband's 1992 campaign; while he did not clinch the nomination until June of that year, he had effectively won it by mid-March.
Florida and Michigan resolution.
At a meeting of the Democratic National Committee Rules & Bylaws Committee held in Washington, D.C., on May 31, 2008, decisions were made regarding seating delegates from the Michigan primary and Florida primary.
The Florida delegation was seated by following the results of the primary, but with each delegate having one-half vote in consequence of the penalty for holding the primary too early. This gave Clinton 105 pledged delegates (52.5 votes), Obama 67 delegates (33.5 votes), and Edwards 13 delegates (6.5 votes). The Florida resolution was acceptable to all sides and approved by a committee vote of 27 to 0.
The Michigan resolution was less obvious, since only Clinton of the major candidates had been on the ballot. The same half-vote penalty was employed, then a formulation was devised wherein the Michigan delegation was seated with 69 delegates (34.5 votes) pledged to Clinton and 59 delegates (29.5 votes) for Obama. This gave Obama four more delegates than the primary results would have warranted, assuming that all "uncommitted" votes were for Obama. The Michigan resolution was approved by a vote of 19 to 8. Harold M. Ickes, a strong supporter and representative of Clinton, objected strongly to the resolution, saying: "This motion will hijack – hijack – remove four delegates won by Hillary Clinton. This body of 30 individuals has decided that they're going to substitute their judgment for 600,000 voters." He then announced that Clinton reserved the right to appeal the Michigan resolution to the DNC Credentials Committee and thus possibly to the Democratic National Convention.
The meeting was conducted before a boisterous audience of candidate supporters, mostly pro-Clinton.
Puerto Rico, South Dakota, Montana.
The final three primaries took place in early June. The Clinton campaign knew the end was near, but enjoyed the time spent at events in Puerto Rico, and Clinton spoke of the virtue of "finishing the job."
On June 1, Clinton won the Puerto Rico primary by more than a 2-to-1 margin. Later on June 3, Clinton won the South Dakota primary and Obama won the Montana primary. This was the final primary of the season.
Obama becomes the presumptive presidential nominee.
A flurry of superdelegates declared for Obama on June 3, and that combined with the day's winning of new pledged delegates in the two primaries, meant Obama had gained enough delegates to become the presumptive presidential nominee.
Following the result, after rumors fueled by a misunderstanding of an Associated Press report, the campaign dismissed suggestions that Clinton was going to concede in the speech following the primaries. In her speech after the closing of the Montana polls, Clinton said "I will be making no decisions tonight." She invited Americans to write to her on her website to provide input into what her next steps should be.
Meanwhile, while not officially confirming interest in the vice presidential slot, Clinton hinted at the possibility earlier on June 3. When asked for clarification, her campaign released the statement "Today on a conference call with New York legislators, Sen. Clinton was asked whether she was open to the idea of running as vice president and repeated what she has said before: She would do whatever she could to ensure that Democrats take the White House back and defeat John McCain." The vice presidential possibility had been raised by Bill Clinton in the previous month, but this fueled speculation that Hillary Clinton was definitively interested in the possibility.
"The New York Times" described the relationship between Obama and Clinton during the campaign as having "veered between strained and strange", and suggested that the manner in which Obama reacted to Clinton and her supporters would be a major test of the post-primaries period.
By June 4, several media networks and top Clinton aides confirmed that she had been planning to concede the race for the Democratic nomination and endorse Obama. By June 5, the Clinton camp backed away from any suggestion about the vice presidential slot, with Clinton's spokesperson saying " is not seeking the vice presidency, and no one speaks for her but her. The choice here is Senator Obama's and his alone."
End of campaign.
On June 7, 2008, in a speech before her gathered supporters at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C., Clinton officially announced that she was suspending her campaign and was fully endorsing Barack Obama. Clinton said:
Clinton also adopted Obama's signature slogan, "Yes We Can", in her concession speech.
Obama responded to the speech in a number of venues. Shortly after she gave it, Obama stated that he was "thrilled and honored" to be supported by Clinton. In North Carolina on June 9, 2008, Obama began his speech by praising Clinton. He stated:
Obama also thanked Clinton on his website and asked his supporters to do so as well via a special page designated for that task. In addition, at a rally in Michigan on June 16, Obama defended Clinton as she was being heckled by some members of the audience, stating that "she is worthy of our respect, she is worthy of our honor."
Vice-presidential selection and convention.
After conceding defeat to Obama, Clinton's name was mentioned exhaustively by speculators and party officials as a possible running mate for the Illinois senator; the potential ticket was dubbed "the Dream Team", "the Dream Ticket", and "the Unity Ticket" in some quarters. However, she was never seriously considered or vetted by Obama for the position. Ultimately, Obama selected Delaware Senator Joe Biden over Clinton and a number of other rumored candidates, including Texas Rep. Chet Edwards, Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius, Indiana Sen. Evan Bayh (an early and prominent Clinton supporter), and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine; the announcement was reported by CNN after midnight (U.S. Eastern Time) on August 22.
During the Democratic National Convention, Clinton released her delegates and urged them to vote for Barack Obama. On August 27, 2008, she motioned that Sen. Obama be officially nominated by acclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="18560588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560588" title="Griggstown">
Griggstown

Griggstown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18560589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560589" title="Jean Boucher">
Jean Boucher

Jean Boucher is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18560619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560619" title="Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot">
Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot

Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot located at 902 7th Avenue, Greeley, Colorado is a former railway station for the Union Pacific Railway. It was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood.
Amtrak's "San Francisco Zephyr" served Greeley until 1983, when Amtrak re-routed the "Zephyr" off the Union Pacific's Overland Route and on to the Denver & Rio Grande Western main line. This move also ended all service in Wyoming. Service resumed in 1991 when Amtrak started running the "Pioneer" through Wyoming. Service ended again with the cancellation of the "Pioneer" in 1997. Greeley was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The building now serves as an office for the Greeley Convention & Visitors Bureau. 

</doc>
<doc id="18560630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560630" title="Ngoli Onyeka Okafor">
Ngoli Onyeka Okafor

Ngoli “Ngo” Onyeka Okafor(born 30 December) is a Nigerian American male model, actor and Two-time Golden Gloves boxer and actor. He is of Igbo decent, with both of his parents being Igbo. Ngo has been called one of the quickest studies the boxing world has ever seen. He started boxing at the late age of 31, an age that most boxers retire, and within 3 years, he won 2 heavyweight Golden Gloves boxing championships. Search engines proclaim Ngo to be the most downloaded black male model and actor on the internet and has worked the likes of supermodel Gisele Bündchen, Lil' Kim and Mary J. Blige. He has been featured in Vogue, W, Vibe, Men’s Health and The Wall Street Journal Magazine. As an actor, he has worked on soap operas, TV shows and film including ‘The Rebound’ with Catherine Zeta-Jones. Throughout his career, Ngo has been dedicated to giving back, which can be most recently demonstrated by his determination to build boxing gyms and develop a strong amateur boxing program in his home country of Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18560642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560642" title="United States Senate special election in South Carolina, 1897">
United States Senate special election in South Carolina, 1897

The 1897 South Carolina United States Senate special election was a Democratic Party primary election held on August 31, 1897 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of South Carolina. Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature and not through the direct election by the people of the state. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Tillmanite Democrat John L. McLaurin won the Democratic primary and was elected by the General Assembly to serve the remainder of the six-year term expiring in 1903.
Democratic primary.
After Joseph H. Earle's victory in the 1896 Democratic primary election for Senate, the Conservatives believed that they had scored a decisive victory over the Tillmanite faction. Earle's sudden death in 1897 caught the Conservatives by surprise and they were unprepared to enter a candidate in the Democratic primary election on August 31 to replace Earle in the U.S. Senate. Thus all the candidates who entered the race were Tillmanites and were proponents of Free Silver.
Of the four serious candidates in the race, John L. McLaurin was the most acceptable to the Conservatives and was the only one strongly in favor of the tariffs promoted by the Republicans. When the campaigning began on July 5 in Chester, McLaurin was repeatedly attacked by former Senator John L. M. Irby and former Governor John Gary Evans over his support of the tariff. McLaurin was accused of organizing the Populist Party in South Carolina, a charge he vehemently denied. S.G. Mayfield withdrew from the race on August 12 at Yorkville when McLaurin provided evidence that he had worked to prevent the Populist Party from organizing in South Carolina. John T. Duncan and G. Walton Whitman were the two minor candidates in the contest, although Duncan withdrew from the race in the closing days of the campaign and Whitman was never officially recognized by the state Democratic Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18560650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560650" title="Kilmardinny">
Kilmardinny

Kilmardinny is a loch in Bearsden, East Dunbartonshire, Scotland. The loch is renowned for coarse fishing and its abundance of perch and roach. Situated nearby is Kilmardinny House, which after being owned by a succession of Glaswegian merchants and the Glasgow MP Robert Dalglish was donated to the East Dunbartonshire Council and is presently in use as an arts and culture centre.
The loch is featured in a survey of historic gardens and designed Landscapes carried out for the East Dunbartonshire Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18560652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560652" title="Francisca (given name)">
Francisca (given name)

Francisca is a feminine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18560669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560669" title="Robert Dalglish">
Robert Dalglish

Robert Dalglish (4 January 1808 – 6 June 1880) was a Scottish Radical politician. He was the Member of Parliament MP for Glasgow from 1857 to 1874.
Dalglish was born in Glasgow, the son of Robert Dalglish (1770–1844) the Lord Provost of Glasgow from 1830 to 1832 and brother of Andrew Stevenson Dalglish (1793–1858). He was educated at Glasgow University and became the head of the family calico printing firm of Dalglish, Falconer & Son founded in Lennoxtown by his father.
He was Independent Radical M.P. for Glasgow from 1857 to 1874 speaking in favour of extending of the franchise, voting by ballot and a more equal distribution of electoral districts.. He was a popular and respected MP. "Vanity Fair" in 1873 said ""Popularity is commonly but a poor test of merit, yet in Parliament it has a distinct value and meaning, so that Mr. Dalglish may well be proud of being known for the most popular Member of the House of Commons. He has in truth all the qualities which command consideration among a body of ordinary sensible men. He possesses the charity that is not puffed up, he is an easy-going, good-natured man, he is fond of the fair sex, he gives good dinners, and yet at the same time he has a sound judgment and discretion, often appealed to by men whose names are far more frequently before the public. He is one of those valuable and too rare Members who are useful in Committee, and seldom speak at all, and never without saying something to the point at issue and worthy of being ranged among the arguments concerning it.""
He was a great admirer of the Duke of Wellington and was heavily involved in the erection of Marochetti's statue of the "Iron Duke" in front of the Royal Exchange Square, Glasgow. Dalglish himself is commemorated by a bas-relief on Queen Victoria's statue in George Square.
He owned and resided at Kilmardinny House in Bearsden from 1853, making substantial improvements to the property to the designs of architect James Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18560689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560689" title="Allan Hunt">
Allan Hunt

Allan Hunt (born February 12, 1945 in California) is an American actor, probably best remembered as Crewman Stuart Riley from season 2 of ABC's "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea".
Biography.
Hunt trained at the Pasadena Playhouse, UCLA, American Conservatory Theatre, and Seattle Repertory. After several small parts in his younger years he was cast in the second season of "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea". He almost didn't get the part because Irwin Allen didn't like the idea of having another regular character who was taller than the series' lead actor Richard Basehart (who was 5' 8"). During season two with heightening tension in Vietnam Allan realized that he would be drafted, so rather than take his chances with the draft, he enlisted in the Marine Corps. He trained as a US Marine at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro, then was transferred to Special Services with the US Army. During his time in Vietnam, Allan was responsible for USO shows, wrote special material and hosted and directed live stage shows. Irwin Allen promised to keep the role of Stu Riley for Allan when he completed his duties in the Army, but by the time he finished his time in Vietnam, the show had finished so he wasn't able to resume the role of Riley. Over the years Allan has worked in many different areas; a lot of work on stage (as an actor and director), as a Regular for 2 years on "General Hospital", work as a news anchor for CBS affiliate KGGM in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1987 and more recently back on TV in shows such as "" and "Charmed". Allan currently teaches drama and heads the Visual and Performing Arts program at Oak Park High School in California.
Stage Work.
Actor
Director
Awards.
The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial (1981)
Hello Dolly (1983)
That Championship Season (1988)

</doc>
<doc id="18560708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560708" title="Voodoo death">
Voodoo death

Voodoo death, a term coined by Walter Cannon in 1942 also known as psychogenic death or psychosomatic death, is the phenomenon of sudden death as brought about by a strong emotional shock, such as fear. The anomaly is recognized as "psychosomatic" in that death is caused by an emotional response—often fear—to some suggested outside force. Voodoo death is particularly noted in native societies, and concentration or prisoner of war camps, but the condition is not specific to any culture or death.
Walter Cannon and his work.
In 1942, Walter Bradford Cannon, MD, now looked to as a forerunner in modern physiological psychology, published a work wherein he postulated the idea that fear could affect a person to the point that their physical condition would deteriorate in response to psychological distress. Citing examples of extraordinary deaths (and their extraneous circumstances) in aboriginal societies, Cannon posited the idea that fear of supernatural consequences to broken societal taboos caused the deaths witnessed in the natives.
What Cannon describes has since been termed "bone-pointing syndrome," wherein an individual receives some sort of shock—often the breaking of some social/religious taboo—that he interprets as an ill omen for himself; his physical condition then deteriorates at a rapid rate, and he dies within a period as short as 24 hours after the initial shock.
Cannon discusses the example of a Maori woman who learned that the fruit she had eaten came from a tapu (tabooed) place; less than 24 hours later she was dead. Conversely, Cannon also shares the example of a young man who had fallen ill when the local witch doctor had pointed a bone at him, a societal taboo that meant a curse of death; however, when the perpetrator explained to the young man that the whole thing had been a mistake, and that no bone had been pointed at him at all, the young man's health returned instantly.
Cannon notes the similarities in each case: the individuals were both members of a society where beliefs in the supernatural are fiercely upheld, and both had suffered what they both believed to be some form of a curse as dictated within their personal beliefs; also, the individuals shared similar physical symptoms. And yet, in the case of the young man, once the cause for the psychological distress was removed, his mysterious illness disappeared. Cannon attributes these rather drastic physical repercussions as the workings of the emotion fear upon the mind which then leads to destruction of the physical condition.
Etiology.
Cannon's explanation.
According to Cannon, the emotion of fear working on the mind, which he terms the "sympathetic" or "sympathico-adrenal" division of the nervous system, causes a fall in blood pressure as brought on by "a reduction of the volume of circulating blood." Cannon explains the loss of blood volume by the constant injection of adrenaline into the small arterioles which constrict, preventing a proper flow of blood within the body and causing a drop in blood pressure. From there, the weak blood pressure prevents the sufficient circulation of the blood by damaging the heart and nerves responsible for the maintenance of the vessels which transport blood, thus making it harder for circulation to continue since the very organs necessary to maintain proper blood circulation are deteriorating. An accelerated heart rate then ensues, followed by rapid breathing. Added to these symptoms are the effects of no food or drink in the person experiencing psychological distress: Cannon suggests that true shock, in the medical sense, could be the cause of death as a result of little food or drink. States Cannon: "The combination of lack of food and water, anxiety, very rapid pulse and respiration, associated with a shocking experience having persistent effects, would fit well with fatal conditions reported from primitive tribes."
Modern explanations.
Since 1942, scientists have discovered many more of the processes involved in the effect of stress upon the body, such as the region of the brain called the amygdala. The series of events by which a sensory stimulus is introduced to the mind, and the amygdala processes the emotion of fear which follows is called the "vision-to-fear pathway," or the "auditory-to-fear pathway," depending on the stimulus.
The generally recognized sequence of events, as enumerated by Esther M. Sternberg, MD, in 2002, stands as follows: various chemicals and electrical impulses are released that are transmitted by nerve fibers. Simultaneously, hormones are excreted from the brain, adrenal and pituitary glands in response to stress on the system. Cardiac arrhythmias are often the result of an overabundance of these hormones on the system.
In 1981, Wylie Vale, PhD, discovered corticotrophin, the brain's hypothalamic stress hormone, or CRH: this hormone secreted by the hypothalamus coordinates with "the brain stem adrenaline centers involved in initiation of the sympathetic response ... to cause a massive release of both adrenaline-like nerve chemicals and stress hormones. Together these might well cause illness, including loss of appetite, weakness, cardiac arrhythmias, and even vascular collapse that could result in death."
Martin A. Samuels, MD, elaborates further on still another process of death, stating that with the release of adrenaline and an increased heart rate, sometimes catecholamines, stress hormones, will build up, leading to calcium channels opening and remaining open, resulting in an overflow of calcium into the system, killing off cells.
Parasympathetic over-activation.
Cannon believed that extreme emotional stress could be explained in terms of degree of sympathetic-adrenal excitation. However, an experiment performed by Curt Richter (1957) responded to Cannon's challenge with an animal model. Richter placed pre-stressed rats in a closed turbulent water. the latency to drowning was recorded. Most domestic lab rats lasted for hours while unexpectedly all of the wild rats died within 15 minutes. Richter monitored heart rate and determined whether the heart was in systole or diastole after death. He found out that heart rate slowed down prior to death and the heart was engaged with blood reflecting a state of diastole. This contradicted Cannons proposal that sympathetic adrenal over-activation is the result of death since a sympathetic over-arousal would increase both heart rate and blood pressure to severe degrees.
Richter interpreted this that the rats died as a result of Vagus death, direct result of over stimulation of parasympathetic nervous system. The lethal Vagal effect was the psychological state of hopelessness.
Sudden prolonged immobility or faked death is an adaptive response exhibited by many mammalian species. Hofer(1970) demonstrated that several rodent species when threatened exhibited an immobility that was accompanied by a very low heart rate. For some of the rodents that heart rate reached below 50% of the baseline. Hofer distinguished between prolonged immobility and faked death phenomenon. Unlike the behavior of "hopelessness" described by Richter, the death-faking occurred with a sudden motor collapse during active struggling. Hofer interpreted the fear-inducing slowing of heart rate as a Vagal phenomenon.
This data suggests that Vagus contributes to severe emotional states and may be related to emotional states of immobilization, such as extreme terror. Unfortunately, this immobilization technique is potentially life-threatening for mammals(but not for reptiles). Mammals would undergo states of Bradycardia or Hypoxia as an over-activation of parasympathetic Vagus system. The oxygen-hungry mammal is drained of oxygen and dies.
Critical evaluation.
Despite Cannon's general ignorance on the particulars of physiological breakdown, scientists in the intervening years since the publication of Cannon's work, have generally agreed with his fundamental hypotheses concerning voodoo death. Criticisms that generally come against Cannon's work are directed at the hearsay nature of Cannon's case studies, but recent studies have discovered numerous examples of voodoo death in various societies. To those who allege difficulty in the experimental process of validating Cannon's theory, Barbara W. Lex, in her 1974 article titled, "Voodoo Death: New Thoughts on an Old Explanation," states that "Voodoo death" can easily be observed without complicated experiments:
"Pupillary constriction, easily observable and indicative of parasympathetic activation ... the amount of saliva, of perspiration, degree of muscle tonicity and skin pallor in an individual are also discernible without complicated instruments."
However, there are those who contest the theories involving psychologically-induced body failure. David Lester, PhD, in 1972, contends that Cannon's evidence, particularly the evidence concerning animals, is anecdotal and irrelevant, and instead sets forth the concept of "death by suggestion," and supports "giving up-given up" complex set forth by George L. Engel, thus attributing the cause of death entirely to the psychological state of the individual in question rather than a psychological–physiological connection adduced by Cannon. Going even further, Harry D. Eastwell, MD in his 1982 article, "Voodoo Death and the Mechanism for Dispatch of the Dying in East Arnhem, Australia," rejects entirely the concept of "Voodoo death," stating that the deaths in cases reported by Cannon et al. were more likely due to dehydration rather than to any psychological response.
Influence of this theory on modern science.
Fight or flight.
Deeply related to these cases of sudden death is what Cannon termed the "fight-or-flight response," what has been classified as a "neurophysiological-behavioral" response pattern. "Fight or flight" is a phrase used to describe the instinctual and physiological responses to strong emotion within animals as well as humans. Cannon associates the two emotions of rage and fear because of the similar effects the emotions will have upon the mind and body—rage will encourage the response to "fight," while fear will encourage "flight." The mind, when faced with one or both of these emotions in response to a perceived threat, will emit adrenaline, and heart rate will increase; however, sometimes the system is overwhelmed by the responses, and collapse ensues as brought about by the workings of stress hormones.
In the case of voodoo death, the "flight" response overpowers the system, but there is little to no possibility for action in the mind of the individual suffering from the perceived threat—considering the state of aboriginal tribes, the victims believe themselves to be suffering from a curse in which they are condemned to die, and so they believe themselves to be unable to act to save themselves.
New fields.
Cannon's theory concerning voodoo death opened research into various fields of psychological studies; since the publication of Cannon's work, scientists have discovered many disorders and the like related to psychosomatic responses to situations. Because of Cannon's postulation that the mind could bring about death, scientists have become open to the idea of the mind working on the body in a greater number of ways, leading to the development of psychosomatic medicine.
The advent of theories concerning voodoo death within the scientific field has also led to the development of a branch of psychology termed psychophysiology.
Notable cases.
Though cases within aboriginal societies are the most commonly cited when researchers, such as Cannon, set forth examples, voodoo, or psychosomatic, death can occur in nearly any place, to anyone.
In his 1964 article, James L. Mathis, MD, describes a case of a previously healthy man who died from asthmatic attacks when his mother "cursed" him for going against her wishes. Mathis proposes that "fatal psychosomatic conditions" were the cause of this man's death, and thus a form of voodoo death.
Another scientist—Clifton K. Meador, MD—in 1992 discussed the case of a man diagnosed with cancer who, along with his physicians and family, believed he was dying of cancer. In the autopsy after his death, however, the doctors discovered that his cancer was not at all the cause of his death. Meador deduces that the man's belief in his imminent death was the cause of his death itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18560748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560748" title="Closure (The X-Files)">
Closure (The X-Files)

"Closure" is the eleventh episode of the seventh season of the science fiction television series "The X-Files", and the 150th episode overall. It was directed by Kim Manners and written by series creator Chris Carter and Frank Spotnitz. The installment explores the series' overarching mythology and is the conclusion of a two-part episode revolving around the final revelation of what really happened to Fox Mulder's (David Duchovny) sister, Samantha. Originally aired by the Fox network on February 13, 2000, "Closure" received a Nielsen rating of 9.1 and was seen by 15.35 million viewers. The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics; many felt that the final reveal was emotional and powerful, although some were unhappy with the resolution.
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder (Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) who work on cases linked to the paranormal, called X-Files. Mulder is a believer in the paranormal, while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work, but the two have developed a deep friendship. In this episode, after Mulder is forced to accept that his mother’s death was by her own hand, he is led by a man whose son disappeared years earlier to another truth: that his sister, Samantha, was among the souls taken by ‘walk-ins’, saving the souls of children doomed to live unhappy lives.
"Closure" was a story milestone for the series, finally revealing Samantha's fate; this story-arc had driven a large part of the series' earlier episodes. The episode was written as a continuation to the previous episode, "Sein und Zeit," but branched off into different territory. Although a majority of the episode was filmed on a soundstage, several scenes were shot on location, such as the scenes at Norton Air Force Base in San Bernardino, California. Several of the sequences, specifically those featuring the dead souls of children, required elaborate filming techniques. The episode has been analyzed due to its themes of belief and hope.
Plot.
Background.
For the first five seasons of the series, FBI federal agents Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) sought to gain understanding about the disappearance of Mulder's sister, Samantha, who was abducted when Mulder was 12 years old. In the previous episode, "Sein Und Zeit", Mulder and Scully tracked down a serial killer who targeted children. While investigating the case, Mulder began to get emotionally involved, due to the similarities with his sister's disappearance.
Events.
Mulder and Scully aid the Sacramento Police in the investigation of a brutal murder committed by Truelove, the owner of the Santa Village. As the remains of more children are discovered, he admits killing twenty-four children, but denies murdering Amber. Mulder is approached by psychic Harold Piller, who tells Mulder that he has helped law enforcement across the world, and has proved in various cases that children had been taken by "walk-ins". Piller believes that walk-ins save children who suffer terrible fates.
Scully becomes worried about Piller's influence over Mulder. The agents return to Washington, D.C., where Mulder keeps searching for evidence in the case. Meanwhile, Piller gets another vision of Samantha, leading Mulder to April Air Force Base. Scully finds evidence that Samantha's disappearance is linked to the The Smoking Man (William B. Davis); when she returns to her apartment, she finds him waiting for her. He tells her that he had called off the search for Mulder's sister when she vanished because he knew she was dead.
When Mulder returns to April Air Force Base, he uncovers proof that Samantha lived with the Smoking Man along with his son, Jeffrey Spender, and that she was forced to undergo painful tests. Scully finds a 1979 police report of a girl matching Samantha's description, and learns that she was taken to a hospital emergency room. She and Mulder find the nurse who treated her, and the nurse describes how Samantha disappeared the same way as Amber—without a trace. Mulder later walks through the forest and receives a vision of Samantha along with the spirits of other children. Upon telling Scully and Pillar—who reacts badly upon hearing that his son is dead—of his vision, Mulder accepts that his sister is dead and in a better place. When Scully comforts Mulder and asks if he is all right, he responds with a choked "I'm fine. I'm free."
Production.
Writing.
"Closure," written by series creator Chris Carter and executive producer Frank Spotnitz, brought an end to Mulder's quest for his sister, Samantha, who had been abducted when he was a child. The idea to close the story arc received mixed reactions from various production and crew members. However, many of the show's producers realized that the time had come to answer one of the show's biggest questions. Spotnitz explained that, "I think star, David Duchovny grew tired of playing the man who is missing his sister. [...] I told him, 'This is going to be the last time you're going to have to play part.'" Paul Rabwin noted that, "It's been seven years. I don't think any of us are going to miss Samantha Mulder. That device and motivation were very strong in the early years of the show. But as the years have gone by, the speculation kind of melted away."
"Closure" continued the story of the previous episode "Sein und Zeit" and branched off into different territory. Carter later explained that, "emotionally, it was heavy stuff for everybody, but necessarily so. These episodes involved two very personal cases, the search for a serial killer 'Sein und Zeit' and the search for Mulder's sister 'Closure'." Marc Shapiro, in his book "All Things: The Office Guide to The X-Files, Vol. 6" noted that, in addition to bringing an end to the Samantha story arc, the episode was "very much a Man episode" in that it explored his involvement in Samantha's abduction and revealed to the audience that he was seriously ill. The episode's tagline was changed from the usual "The Truth is Out There" to "Believe to Understand".
Filming.
Manners noted that "Closure" was one of the first episodes in which the production staff was able to "shoot in Los Angeles with the sun out". According to Manners, the show was struggling with the fact that "we weren't in Vancouver anymore and that our show had suddenly become very bright and cheery". To amend this, Bill Roe, director of photography, used tree branches and "see stands" to block out the sunlight. The first scene with the walk-ins rising up from their grave, shot at Griffith Park above the playground, was "tricky," according to director Kim Manners. Manners felt uncomfortable telling the children to rise out of "graves", feeling it could psychologically hurt them, so instead the crew called the holes in the ground "forts." The scenes taking place at April Air Force Base was shot in San Bernardino, California at a closed airfield, the former Norton Air Force Base. On the airbase was a large abandoned house complex of over 400 buildings constructed and used by the United States military. According to Manners, the entire area was "eerie", and many of the houses still had furniture in them. Originally, the producers wanted to name the fictitious air force March Air Force Base. However, the presence of an actual air force base with the same name necessitated a change to April Air Force Base. One of the shots in the April Air Force Base was filmed at a sound stage in Los Angeles. The scene at the restaurant was shot in a location on Sepulveda Boulevard, at a hotel that had been standing there for 30 to 40 years.
During filming, David Duchovny decided to act out the reunion scene in a manner contrary to what the script called for. Manners later noted, "In the script, it called for his sister to run up and hug him, and Mulder was to start crying. David didn't want to cry. I said, 'David, you're finally realizing your sister is, in fact, dead. […] He said, 'Just watch what I do; trust me.' And, he held that little girl actress—there was a beatific smile on his face that was absolutely astounding." Manners was very happy with the change and included it in the final cut of the episode. To create the scene featuring the ghosts of the dead children interacting with the characters, various layers of film had to be overlaid onto each other. Many passes of the shot were taken, which took hours to complete. After the shots had been secured, the film of the ghosts had to be made transparent. The scenes wherein Mulder is interacting with the walk-ins was actually shot in daylight. However, specialized "day for night" photography was used to make the finished scene look as if it had been filmed at night. To achieve this, the subjects were illuminated with bright lights and the sky was completely avoided. The entire scene was shot at 48 frames a second, almost half of normal speed. Rebecca Toolan was flown down from Vancouver specifically for this episode, and "Sein Und Zeit". To create her ghostly apparition, the production staff had to shoot multiple frames, which were then spliced into footage of Duchovny. Manners played the part of the hypnotist in the video which Scully watches of Mulder under hypnosis. Manners later noted that "I only act when you can't actually see my face". Manners was critical of Duchovny's wig—which had been added to make the footage seem older. He sardonically noted that "this is one of the episodes that Cheri Medcalf [the show's make-up director won an Emmy for."
Composer Mark Snow described his score as possessing a "sense of biblical fervor and religiosity—an elegy—a feeling about it that was so poignant and touching to me." "My Weakness", a song by Moby from his 1999 album "Play", is used in this episode, during the first scene when the FBI discover the mass grave and near the end when Mulder encounters his sister's spirit. Carter never told Snow about the decision to use someone else's music, although Snow has since said that his reaction to the use of the song was very positive and that the song was a "perfect" fit for the scenes in which it can be heard. Another Moby song, "The Sky is Broken" also from "Play", would be featured in the late seventh season episode "all things".
Themes.
According to Amy M. Donaldson in her book "We Want to Believe: Faith and Gospel in The X-Files", Mulder's opening monologue may be an example of "Mulder now being more receptive to the possibility of God's intervention". Throughout much of the series, Mulder has shown a disdain for religion. However, in "Closure", Donaldson points out that "Mulder's belief in God, as always, revolves around his beliefs about his sister's fate". As such, Mulder expresses hope that those who die in a cruel fashion "live on in some other way". Furthermore, she argues that because "Closure" opens with the tagline "Believe to understand", Mulder must "take the leap of faith" in order to find find enlightenment, and ultimately the truth about his sister. The first half of the episode plays out according to the tagline; Mulder first believes in "his desire stated in the opening voiceover", and then finds closure.
Donaldson also parallels elements in the episode to the plots of other episodes such as the fourth season entry "Paper Hearts", wherein it is suggested that a serial killer murdered Samantha. In "Paper Hearts", a father of a victim notes that the uncertainty of his daughter's murder allowed those who were involved to "consider the possibilities, both for the best and for the worst". However, once it is revealed that his daughter was murdered, all hope was removed. Conversely, Mulder holds onto the possibility that Samantha is alive through much of the series, but when he realizes that she is indeed dead in "Closure", hope is removed but in its place is found peace. To parallel Mulder's acceptance, Harold Piller refuses to believe his son is dead; as such, he "clingto the possibility [because uncertainly allows him hope."
Reception.
Ratings.
"Closure" first aired in the United States on February 13, 2000. The episode earned a Nielsen household rating of 9.1, with a 13 share. Nielsen ratings are audience measurement systems that determine the audience size and composition of television programming in the U.S. This means that roughly 9.1 percent of all television-equipped households, and 13 percent of households watching television, were watching the episode. It was viewed by 15.35 million viewers in the United States. On May 28, 2000 the episode debuted on Sky 1 in the United Kingdom and gathered 0.68 million viewers, making it the eighth most watched program shown on Sky 1 that week, in front of "Angel" and "The Simpsons". The episode was later included on "The X-Files Mythology, Volume 3 – Colonization", a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist's plans to take over the earth.
Initial reviews.
Initial reviews were mixed, with some critics applauding the story's conclusion, and others deriding it. Tom Kessenich, in his book "Examinations: An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6–9 of the X-Files", opined that the episode worked best "if some of the previous Samantha-related clues were forgotten", such as when the Alien Bounty Hunter told Mulder that she was still alive in "End Game". Despite this, he wrote that "it was only right that Samantha be dead since Mulder's life had always been defined by what he has lost, not what he has found". He surmised that the episode was not "perfect", but that its "plusses greatly outweighed any missteps along the way". He was also complimentary towards "the ethereal quality of the final few moments", writing that they "lifted this episode up and made it one of the season's most memorable". Kenneth Silber from Space.com was pleased with the episode, and wrote, "'Closure' is a satisfying episode, one that puts to bed the now-tiresome search for Mulder's sister Samantha." Jeremy Conrad from IGN referred to the episode as "excellent" and noted that a large portion of "The X-Files" mythology ended with the resolution of Samantha's abduction, saying, "['Closure' is] a final, and concrete, answer to the single thing that was driving Mulder for the entire run of the series. In some ways, when he got that answer a major part of "The X-Files" story ended."
Not all reviews were positive. Paula Vitaris from "CFQ" gave the episode a negative review and awarded it one-and-a-half stars out of four. She wrote, "Instead of a grand, breath-taking, heart-breaking finale that should be the climax of Mulder's search for Samantha, the story expires limply with some nonsense about Samantha being of the starlight children." Bobby Bryant and Tracy Burlison of "The State" named the episode the "Worst Conspiracy" episode. The two noted that because "a tenet of "The X-Files" was that Mulder's sister, Samantha, had been (a) kidnapped by aliens or (b) kidnapped by government conspirators", the fact that she had actually been turned into a spirit "insanely offers a supernatural explanation to a science-fiction mystery".
Contemporary reviews.
Contemporary reviews, however, have seen "Closure" in a much more positive light, with many critics praising its ending. Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" awarded the episode an "A–". He argued that the episode worked due to two scenes: the sequence in which Mulder reads aloud from Samantha's diary, and the final shot of Mulder being reunited with his sister. He wrote that the "stark simplicity" of the former made it emotionally powerful, and that the latter was "a bit sappy, a bit surreal, a bit lovely" but nonetheless "a beautiful moment". Meghan Deans of Tor.com felt that the story was "silly", but that, when paired with the idea that Samantha was truly an innocent victim, successfully becomes a "comfort". She called it a move that "the show must give Mulder, and us, in order to shut down this storyline for good." Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson, in their book "Wanting to Believe: A Critical Guide to The X-Files, Millennium & The Lone Gunmen", rated the episode four stars out of five, and called it "brave". The two noted that while some of the sentimentality is pushed too far—such as when Mulder finds his sister's diary speaking to him, or when Mulder talks about all lost souls being stars—the "critical moment" featuring Mulder reuniting with his sister's spirit is "extraordinarily moving".

</doc>
<doc id="18560806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560806" title="FC Dnipro-75 Dnipropetrovsk">
FC Dnipro-75 Dnipropetrovsk

FC Dnipro-75 Dnipropretrovsk is a youth football school of Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk before the fall of the Soviet Union. In late 2000s as a professional football team based in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine it competed at the Ukrainian Second League, but was expelled from the PFL after not paying the spring 2010 playing dues.
Dnipro-75 Dnipropretrovsk entered the professional competition in 2008. The team grew from their successful youth sports school that was opened in 1975. The team became sponsored by the building company "DYK" which invested in forming a professional team in Dnipropetrovsk. Dnipro-75 Dnipropetrovsk competed in the Druha Liha B. They temporarily played at nearby Pavlohrad while their original stadium was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="18560830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560830" title="Ikenna Bryan Okwara">
Ikenna Bryan Okwara

Ikenna Bryan Okwara is a Nigerian pageant contestant who won the title of Mr. Nigeria 2007 and reached the semi-finals in the Mister World 2007 competition for Nigeria. Okwara is Igbo.
Brian is 6ft 3, athletic and enjoys playing basketball with friends.
Friends include Andre Stunner Ogbewele of Amped Concepts, Tega Tunde Fadiniyi,Tolu Oduntan of Flytime Promotions and Mofe Dunca the Late Brian Okoh and a host of others.ref> </ref>

</doc>
<doc id="18560858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560858" title="1939–40 Manchester United F.C. season">
1939–40 Manchester United F.C. season

The 1939–40 season would have been Manchester United's 44th season in the Football League, and their second season back in the top flight after playing in the Second Division in 1937–38. However, due to the outbreak of war in Europe in September 1939, the league season was abandoned after just three games and the results expunged from the records. For this reason, appearances made and goals scored in the Football League matches that were played do not contribute to a player's overall appearances and goals record.
Many of Manchester United's players went off to fight in the war, but for those who remained, the Football League organised a special War League. The War League was originally split into ten regional divisions (Manchester United were placed in the Western Division), in accordance with the Government's 50-mile travel limit. A War League Cup was also set up to replace the FA Cup, which had also been interrupted at the Preliminary Round phase. United finished the league season with a record of 14 wins and 8 losses, and also reached the second round of the cup before losing to eventual runners-up, Blackburn Rovers.
First Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GAve = Goal average; Pts = Points
War League Western Division.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GAvg = Goal average; Pts = Points

</doc>
<doc id="18560864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560864" title="Syed B. Ali">
Syed B. Ali

Syed Basharat Ali (born 1975), usually referred to as "Syed Ali", is the founding chairman, president, and CEO of Cavium Networks, a San Jose, California-based company specializing in MIPS-based network and security processors. Cavium Networks develops and manufactures processor architectures and cores for digital consumer, networking, personal entertainment, communications and business applications.
He received a BSEE from Osmania University, in Hyderabad, India and an MSEE from the University of Michigan.
Career.
Mr. Ali worked at Samsung Electronics, SGS-Thompson, Tandem Computers, and American Microsystems Inc. (now part of ON Semiconductor) before becoming part of the founding management team at Malleable Technologies, which was acquired by PMC Sierra in 2000.
In 2000, Mr. Ali founded Cavium Networks. On May 1, 2007 Cavium had its IPO, and grew to have a market capitalization of 1.3 billion US dollars [http://seekingalpha.com/article/49112-needham-thinks-cavium-s-valuation-has-gotten-out-of-hand] in the first week of October 2007.
Awards.
Syed B. Ali received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2008. The Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year© award is the world’s most prestigious business award for entrepreneurs, spanning more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="18560866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560866" title="Claughton, Lancaster">
Claughton, Lancaster

Claughton ( ) is a small village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in Lancashire, England. The village is on the A683 road east of Lancaster and as of the 2001 census has a population of 132.
North of the village is the River Lune, and to the south is Claughton Moor and the fells of the Forest of Bowland.
Local government.
Claughton is part of the Lower Lune Valley ward, which elects two councillors to Lancaster City Council every 4 years.
Industry.
There is a brick works in the village, and aerial ropeways above the road transport clay from Claughton Moor.
Religious sites.
St Chad's Church was closed by the Church of England in 2002 due to a decline in the number of worshippers and the fact that the building was in need of modernisation. The church was part of the Hornby with Claughton parish. There was a church on the site as early as 1100.
Notable residents.
Claughton is home to businessman Owen Oyston, who is the majority owner, and former chairman, of Blackpool F.C.. He lives at Claughton Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18560868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560868" title="Roberto Guajardo Suárez">
Roberto Guajardo Suárez

Roberto Guajardo Suárez (16 October 1918 – ca. October 2008) was a Mexican lawyer who served as the second director-general of the Monterrey Institute of Technology (ITESM, 1947–1951), as a founding president of "Sociedad Artística Tecnológico" (the Institute's artistic society) in 1948 and as president of Coparmex, a Mexican employers' association (1960–1973).
Guajardo Suárez was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, into a family composed by Manuel Guajardo Medina and Sofía Suárez. He received a bachelor's degree in Law from the "Escuela Libre de Derecho" (1941) and served as director of "Sulfato de Viesca, S.A." (1951–53) and "Refrescos Internacionales" (1953–60).

</doc>
<doc id="18560878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560878" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kota Kinabalu (Lat: "Archdioecesis Kotakinabaluensis") is an archdiocese of the Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church in Malaysia. The Archdiocese as such was created in 2008, but has a long history slowly rising along with the Catholic population all the way from a prefecture to an Archdiocese with 2 suffragans. The Archdiocese is also the oldest ecclesiastical territory in Malaysia. 
Originally erected in 1855 as the apostolic prefecture of Labuan e Borneo, the prefecture was created from territory from the former Apostolic Vicariate of Batavia. In 1927 the prefecture was renamed the Apostolic Prefecture of Northern Borneo, and split to form the Apostolic prefecture of Sarawak. In 1952 the prefecture was elevated and renamed the Apostolic Vicariate of Jesselton. In 1962 the name was changed once more to the Apostolic Vicariate of Kota Kinabalu. In 1976 the vicariate was elevated to a full diocese, suffragan to the metropolitan Archdiocese of Kuching. In 1992 the diocese was split and the Diocese of Keningau created. In 2007 the diocese was split once more and the Diocese of Sandakan created. 
On May 23, 2008, the diocese was elevated once more to an archdiocese, metropolitan of two dioceses, both formerly part of the original territory of the diocese of Kota Kinabalu: the Diocese of Keningau and the Diocese of Sandakan. 
On June 21, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Fr. John Wong Soo Kau, director of the aspirants’ formation house in Kota Kinabalu, as Coadjutor Archbishop of Kota Kinabalu. His ordination took place on October 1, 2010.
List of parishes.
There are 17 parishes located in the Archiocese of Kota Kinabalu.
References.
Catholic-Hierarchy

</doc>
<doc id="18560893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560893" title="Freedom Center (Omaha)">
Freedom Center (Omaha)

The John Gottschalk Freedom Center is a newspaper production facility located at 14th Street and Capitol Avenue in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska. Built for the "Omaha World-Herald", the building is considered to be one of the most automated and technologically advanced newspaper facilities in the world. The Freedom Center has been labeled a "catalyst" in the redevelopment of Downtown Omaha, along with such other new downtown development as the opening of the Missouri riverfront, the First National Center, the Omaha Convention Center and Arena and the Gallup University campus. The facility covers four blocks, and houses the new shaftless printing presses, material handling center, assembly equipment, and a parking garage.
Design.
The facility was opened in August 2001, and cost almost $125 million to build. It consists of three structures designed by HDR, Inc. They include a five-level, press hall featuring 3 MAN Roland presses from Germany; a paper-storage facility capable of storing 3,000 rolls of newsprint and a 600-stall parking garage. Large portions of the exterior are glass, allowing downtown traffic to see the storage facility and presses.
The storage facility/press hall is connected by a tunnel than runs underneath 13th Street. Most newspaper facilities of this size have been built on greenfield sites. The Omaha World-Herald was dedicated to keeping its newspaper facilities downtown, which required a more vertical structure, and the underground tunnel. Transfer Vehicle System (TVS) robotic vehicles are used to deliver newsprint to the press.
The presses weigh 1,661 U.S. tons and can produce 75,000 newspapers per hour. The John Gottschalk Freedom Center produces four editions of the "Omaha World-Herald" daily, in addition to a Sunday edition and daily editions of the "Daily NonPareil" for neighboring Southwest Iowa.
Construction of the modern facility served as the impetus for redesigning the layout of the actual newspaper.

</doc>
<doc id="18560901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560901" title="Oliver Tompsett">
Oliver Tompsett

Oliver Tompsett (born 25 August 1981) is a British stage actor and singer best known for his portrayal of Fiyero in the West End production of the musical "Wicked".
Biography.
Tompsett trained at Arts Educational School, and during his final year he played: "Cinderella’s Prince" in "Into the Woods"; "Tommy" in "The Who's Tommy" and "Tony" in "West Side Story".
Tompsett made his professional and West End debut in October 2002 in the Madness/Tim Firth musical "Our House", directed by Matthew Warchus, at London’s Cambridge Theatre. He is featured on the DVD of the production, recorded for BBC3 in 2003, as the character Callum and as a member of the ensemble.
His subsequent London stage appearances include: Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus’ "Mamma Mia!", directed by Phyllida Lloyd, at the Prince of Wales Theatre; "Notes From New York" at the Trafalgar Studios and "Christmas In New York" at the Apollo Theatre, both directed by David Randall; 'Caliph' in "Kismet", directed by Tiffany Watt-Smith, at the Arcola Theatre and "Harry Lytton" in Richard Stirling’s "Over My Shoulder: The Story of Jessie Matthews", directed by Stewart Nicholls, at Wyndhams Theatre.
Immediately prior to joining the original cast of "Wicked", in September 2006, he appeared in Trevor Nunn’s production of Peter Shaffer’s "The Royal Hunt of the Sun" at the National Theatre. He has twice appeared on the Royal Variety Performance, in 2002 and 2006. 
Tompsett recently finished playing the role of Fiyero in the West End musical "Wicked", which opened 27 September 2006. He is a member of the original London cast having previously played in the ensemble and serving as the understudy for Fiyero, before replacing Adam Garcia on 16 July 2007. He played his final performance on 27 March 2010 after three and a half years with the production. He was succeeded by Lewis Bradley who played the role until May 2010, when Lee Mead took over.
Tompsett originatied the role of Drew in the West End production of "Rock of Ages". For this role he was nominated for the whatsonstage.com Theatergoers Choice Award for Best Actor in a Musical. Oliver left the show on 23 September 2012 when his contract ended.
On 12 September 2012 it was confirmed that Oliver will replace Noel Sullivan as Galileo in "We Will Rock You" on 6 October 2012. For this part he was nominated for the whatsonstage.com Theatergoers Choice Award for Best Take Over in a Role.
On 9 July 2013 Oliver and his wife Michelle Potter had a baby boy who they named George Tompsett.
Recordings.
In 2008 he recorded a song for the CD "Act One - Songs From The Musicals Of Alexander S. Bermange", an album of 20 new recordings by 26 West End stars, released in October 2008 on Dress Circle Records. He can be heard on the recent Alexander S. Bermange CD singing "More than a Memory" and more.
In late 2008 he released his debut album entitled "Sentimental Heart", with all of the songs written, performed and produced by Tompsett.
Tompsett also recorded the song 'We Are Not Alone' on Terry Pratchett's 'Only You Can Save Mankind', which was released on 23 November 2009.
In May 2010, Tompsett announced on his Official Twitter account that due to the success of his début album, he had signed a record deal with Major Record Label Warner Brothers. His second album will be released in 2011.
Stage work.
Director: Matthew Warchus<br>
Theatre: Cambridge Theatre, London<br>
Director: Phyllida Lloyd<br>
Theatre: Prince of Wales Theatre, London
Director: Tiffany Watt-Smith<br>
Theatre: Arcola Theatre, London
Director: David Randall<br>
Theatre: Trafalgar Studios, London
Director: Joyce Branagh<br>
Theatre: Palace Theatre, Watford
Director: David Randall<br>
Theatre: Apollo Theatre, London
Director: Stewart Nicholls<br>
Theatre: Wyndham’s Theatre, London
Director: Trevor Nunn<br>
Theatre: National Theatre, London
Director: Joe Mantello<br>
Theatre: Apollo Victoria Theatre, London<br>
Duration: 3.5 years
Director: Kristin Hanggi<br>
Theatre: Shaftesbury Theatre, London
Director: Christopher Renshaw<br>
Theatre: Dominion Theatre, London

</doc>
<doc id="18560909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560909" title="March across Samar">
March across Samar

The march across Samar, or Waller's March across the island of Samar, was an attempt made in 1901 by U.S. Marine forces to traverse the Philippine island from Lanang to Basey, a distance of some 35 miles, purportedly for the purpose of finding a suitable telegraph cable route. Named for the Commanding Officer of the ill-fated patrol, Major Littleton W. T. Waller, the expedition proved disastrous due to unexpected and exceedingly harsh conditions as well as a mutiny of many of the natives which had been brought along as porters. 10 Marines died during the attempt and 11 Filipinos were subsequently executed for their role in the mutiny.
Background.
For a period of some two years following the cessation of hostilities with Spain (the Spanish–American War), various local groups (including some of the native animist tribes of the Philippines, which numbered about five per cent of the total population of about seven million) challenged the occupying army of the United States. Although there had been practically no demonstrations by organized insurgents, the United States Marines in the district of Subig and Olongapo, Luzon Islands, used violence to suppress various local migrants.
The island of Samar had for some time been a source of opposition to American rule. On September 28, 1901, 36 of the soldiers of U.S. Company C, Ninth Infantry, stationed at Balangiga, were killed in a surprise attack by the "insurrectos" while many were in the mess hall eating breakfast. Another 8 later died of their injuries, and 22 were wounded; only 4 escaped unharmed. It was this event, known as the Balangiga massacre, that provoked Brigadier General Jacob H. Smith, U.S.A., who was in command of the military district which included the island of Samar, to call for reinforcements, which brought the U. S. Marines into action on Samar.
Retaliation.
The next day, Captain Edwin Victor Bookmiller, the commander in Basey, sailed with Company G, 9th Infantry Regiment for Balangiga aboard a commandeered coastal steamer, the USS "Pittsburgh". Finding the town abandoned, they buried the American dead and set fire to the town.
The Balangiga incident provoked shock in the US public, with newspapers equating the massacre to George Armstrong Custer's last stand at the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876. Major General Adna R. Chaffee, military governor of the Philippines, received orders from US President Theodore Roosevelt to pacify Samar. To this end, Chaffee appointed Brigadier General Jacob H. Smith to Samar to accomplish the task.
General Smith instructed Major Littleton Waller, commanding officer of a battalion of 315 US Marines assigned to bolster his forces in Samar, regarding the conduct of pacification:
As a consequence of this order, Smith became known as "Howling Wilderness Smith". He further ordered Waller to have all persons killed who were capable of bearing arms and in actual hostilities against the United States. When queried by Waller regarding the age limit of these persons, Smith replied that the limit was ten years of age.
However, it was known that Smith earned his sobriquet, "Hell-Roaring Jake" not due to his violence in war, but because of his penchant for making outrageous oaths and the extravagance of his language. Waller therefore, did not execute Smith's orders. Instead, Waller applied the rules of civilized warfare and the rules provided under General Orders No. 100 of 1863 dealing with irregular warfare, which stated that if enemy units gave no quarter and became treacherous upon capture, it was lawful to shoot anyone belonging to that captured unit.
Food and trade to Samar were cut off, intended to starve the revolutionaries into submission. Smith's strategy on Samar involved widespread destruction to force the inhabitants to stop supporting the guerrillas and turn to the Americans from fear and starvation. He used his troops in sweeps of the interior in search for guerrilla bands and in attempts to capture Philippine General Vicente Lukbán, but he did nothing to prevent contact between the guerrillas and the townspeople. American columns marched across the island, destroying homes and shooting people and draft animals. Littleton Waller, in a report, stated that over an eleven-day period his men burned 255 dwellings, shot 13 carabaos and killed 39 people.
The Judge Advocate General of the Army observed that only the good sense and restraint of the majority of Smith's subordinates prevented a complete reign of terror in Samar. However, the abuses were still sufficient to outrage anti-Imperialist groups in the United States when these became known in March 1902.
The exact number of Filipino civilians killed by US troops will never be known, but an exhaustive research made by a British writer in the 1990s put the figure at about 2,500; Filipino historians believe it to be around 50,000. The rate of Samar's population growth slowed as refugees fled from Samar to Leyte, yet still the population of Samar increased by 21,456 during the war. A great loss of life is not supported.
Arrival of the Marines.
On October 20, 1901, a battalion of Marines, consisting of Major Littleton W. T. Waller (commanding), Captains David Dixon Porter (USMC), Robert H. Dunlap, A. J. Matthews and Hirim I. Bearss, First Lieutenants J. T. Bootes, H. J. A. Day, C. C. Carpenter, A. S. Williams and Harry R. Lay, Second Lieutenants J. P. V. Gridley, Frank Halford and M. C. Rogers, Surgeon G. A. Lung, Assistant Surgeon J. M. Brister, and 300 enlisted men, was detailed at Cavite (Luzon, P.I.) for duty on the island of Samar, the easternmost of the Visayan group, by Rear Admiral Frederick Rodgers, U.S. Navy, Senior Squadron Commander of the Asiatic Squadron. Although the Marines were placed under the command of Brigadier General Smith, to reinforce and cooperate with the U. S. Army troops on Samar, it was also contemplated that Major Waller's movements should be supported, as far as possible, by a vessel of the fleet, to which he should make reports from time to time, and through which supplies for his battalion were to be furnished.
The battalion, composed of Companies C, D and H!, First Regiment, and Company F, Second Regiment, equipped in heavy marching order, embarked on the Flagship of the Asiatic Fleet, the armored cruiser USS New York at Cavite, October 22, 1901. The battalion arrived at Catbalogan, Samar, on October 24, and the men and supplies were transferred to the USS Zafiro. Preceded by the USS Frolic, carrying Rear Admiral Rodgers and staff and Brigadier General Smith and his aides, the Zafiro proceeded through the straits between Samar and Leyte to Tacloban, Leyte, and then to Basey, Samar, where Major Waller disembarked his headquarters and two companies and relieved some units of the Ninth Infantry. The remainder of the battalion took aboard a 3-inch landing gun along with a 6 millimeter M1895 Colt-Browning machine gun and proceeded to Balangiga, on the south coast of Samar, where Captain David D. Porter was left in command with 159 men, relieving the 17th U. S. Infantry, with instructions to begin operations as soon as possible. Major Waller then returned to Basey.
Marine operations on Samar.
The area assigned to the Marines embraced the entire southern part of Samar. Active operations were immediately begun, both at Basey and Balangiga; small expeditions were sent out almost daily to clear the country of guerrillas under the command of General Vicente Lukbán, who usually operated in small, roving bands. Recently offered amnesty in exchange for his surrender by U.S. General Arthur MacArthur, Jr., Lukbán had turned it down and swore to fight to the end. The situation in the vicinity was very tense because of the Balangiga massacre and other recent happenings; hence the measures prescribed for crushing the insurrection were somewhat retaliatory. Littleton Waller, in a report, stated that over an eleven-day period his men burned 255 dwellings, shot 13 carabaos and killed 39 people.
On November 5, Major Waller took a detachment to the Sohoton River and drove the guerrillas from their trenches there; two Marines were killed. A number of small expeditions were sent up the Cadacan River; several of these parties were fired on, but the skirmishes were slight. In an engagement, November 8, at Iba, several insurgents were killed and captured. An expedition under Captain Porter, sent out to scout in the vicinity of Balangiga, killed one insurgent and captured seven, and found many relics of the massacred men of the Ninth Infantry.
As a result of the continual harassing by the Marines along the southern coast of Samar, General Lukbán and his insurgents fell back from that region and occupied their fortified defenses on the Sohoton cliffs, along the Sohoton River. About the middle of November three columns of Marines were sent into the Sohoton region to attack this stronghold, which had been reported by scouts and others to be practically impregnable. Two of the columns, under the command of Captains Porter and Bearss, marched on shore, while the third column, commanded by Major Waller, went up the river in boats. The plan of attack was for the three columns to unit on November 16 at the enemy's stronghold and make a combined assault.
On November 17, the shore column struck the enemy's trail and soon came upon a number of bamboo guns. One of these guns, emplaced to command the trail, had the fuse burning. Acting corporal Harry Glenn rushed forward and pulled out the fuse. The attack of the Marines was a complete surprise, and the enemy was routed. After driving the insurgents from their positions the Marines crossed the river and assaulted the cliff defenses. In order to reach the enemy's position, the Marines had to climb the cliffs, which rose sheer from the river to the height of about 200 feet and were honeycombed with caves, to which access was had by means of bamboo ladders, and also by narrow ledges with bamboo hand rails. Tons of rocks were suspended in cages held in position by vine cables (known as bejuco), in readiness to be precipitated upon people and boats below. The guerrillas were unable to spring their trap, however, because of heavy covering fire provided by Medal of Honor recipient Gunnery Sergeant John H. Quick on the Colt machine gun. The Marines scaled the 200 foot cliffs and with their Krag-Jorgensen rifles and .45 Caliber pistols, drove the insurgents from their positions and destroyed their camps. Major Waller's detachment, coming up the river in boats, did not arrive in time for the attack, which fact probably saved it from disaster; instant destruction would have undoubtedly been the fate of the boats had they undertaken the ascent of the river before the shore column had dislodged the insurgents.
Further pursuit of the enemy at this time was abandoned because the rations were exhausted and the men were in bad shape. The volcanic stone had cut the men's shoes to pieces, many of them were barefooted, and all had bad feet. The men had overcome incredible difficulties and dangers in their heroic march. The positions which they had destroyed must have taken several years to prepare. Reports from old prisoners said they had been there years working on the defenses. No white troops had ever penetrated to these positions, and they were held as a final rallying point. The "insurrectos" of Samar had spent years of labor on the defenses, and considered the cliff fortifications impregnable. No Marines were killed in the attack, which resulted in the deaths of around 30 insurgents and the capture of General Lukbán and his lieutenants. Two of the Marine officers involved in the action, Captains Porter and Bearss, would both later receive the Medal of Honor for their conduct.
The march begins.
In a communication dated December 5, 1901, Major Waller refers to General Smith's desire that the Marines make the march from Basey across the island of Samar to Hernani, for the purpose of selecting a route for a telegraph wire to connect the east and west coasts. General Smith also asked Major Waller to run wires from Basey to Balangiga, and left to the Major's discretion the point of departure from the east coast, either from Hernani or Lanang.
On December 8, two columns left Basey for Balangiga, one, under command of Major Waller, proceeding along the shore line, and the other, under Captain Bearss, marching about two miles inland. Stores were sent by the cutter which was kept abreast of the beach column. Although the Marines did not encounter any organized resistance, the obstacles of nature which they encountered proved far more deadly than the natives and their many contrivances. Major Waller decided to start his ill-fated march across Samar from Lanang, work up the Lanang River as far as possible, then march to the vicinity of the Sohoton cliffs, which his Marines had recently captured.
On arriving at Lanang, Major Waller was urged not to make the attempt, however, he says in his report: "Remembering the general's (General Smith's) several talks on the subject and his evident desire to know the terrain and run wires across, coupled with my own desire for some further knowledge of the people and the nature of this heretofore impenetrable country, I decided to make the trial with 50 men and the necessary carriers."
The detachment started from Lanang on the morning of December 28, 1901, and was composed of the following personnel: Major Littleton W. T. Waller, Captain David D. Porter, Captain Hirim I. Bearss, First Lieutenant A. S. Williams, Second Lieutenant A. C. DeW. Lyles, U. S. Army (Aid sent by General Smith), Second Lieutenant Frank Halford, 50 enlisted U. S. Marines, 2 native scouts and 33 native carriers. The start was made in boats but when Lagitao was reached, it was found impossible to use them further on account of the numerous rapids; the remainder of the distance was made on foot. One of the most trying features of the march was the necessity for crossing and recrossing the swollen river many times, which kept the men's clothing wet continually. On December 30, it was necessary to issue reduced rations, and the next day the rations had to be cut down to one-half and the number of meals per day to two. The march was continued across the rugged mountains on January 1 and 2. On January 3, the rapidly vanishing food supply and the serious condition of the troops made the situation very critical. The men were becoming ill, their clothing were in rags, their feet were swollen and bleeding, and the trail was lost. After a conference with his officers, Major Waller decided to take Lieutenant Halford and thirteen of the men who were in the best condition and push forward as rapidly as possible and send back a relief party for the main column, which was placed under the command of Captain Porter with instructions to go slowly and follow Major Waller's trail. The advance column was afterwards joined by Captain Bearss and a corporal, the former carrying a message from Captain Porter. A message was sent back to Captain Porter, directing him to follow the advanced column to a clearing which had been found where there was a quantity of sweet potatoes, bananas and young cocoanut palms, and to rest there until his men were in condition to continue the march. This message did not reach Porter, however, as the native by whom it was sent returned two days later, stating that there were so many "insurrectos" about that he was afraid.
On January 4, Major Waller's party rushed a shack and captured five natives, among whom were a man and a boy who stated that they knew the way to Basey. After crossing the Sohoton River, the famous Spanish trail leading from the Sohoton caves to the Suribao River was discovered and followed. The party crossed the Loog River and proceeded through the valley to Banglay, on the Cadacan River. Near this point the party came upon the camp which Captain Dunlap had established to await their arrival. Major Waller's party went aboard Captain Dunlap's cutter and started for Basey, where they arrived on January 6, 1902. Concerning the condition of the men of his party, Major Waller later said: 
" The men, realizing that all was over and that they were safe and once more near home, gave up. Some quietly wept; others laughed hysterically...Most of them had no shoes. Cut, torn, bruised and dilapidated, they had marched without murmur for twenty-nine days."
Immediately after the arrival of the detachment at Basey, a relief party was sent back to locate Captain Porter's party. The following day Major Waller joined this relief party, and remained out nine days searching for signs of Captain Porter without success. The floods were terrific and several of the former camp sites were many feet under water. The members of the relief party began to break down, due to the many hardships and the lack of food, and the party had to return to Basey. Upon returning to Basey, Major Waller was taken sick with fever.
Meanwhile Captain Porter had decided to retrace the trail to Lanang and ask for a relief party to be sent out for his men, the most of whom were unable to march. He chose seven Marines who were in the best condition and with six natives, set out January 3 for Lanang. He left Lieutenant Williams in charge of the remainder of the detachment with orders to follow as the condition of the men would permit. Lieutenant Porter's return to Lanang was made under difficulties many times greater than those encountered during the march to the interior. Food was almost totally lacking, and heavy rains filled the streams making it almost impossible to follow down their banks or cross them as was so often necessary. On January 11, Captain Porter reached Lanang and reported the situation to Captain Pickering, the Army Commander at that place. A relief expedition was organized to go for the remainder of the Marines but it was unable to start for several days because of the swollen Lanang River. Without food, yet realizing that starvation was certain if they remained in camp, Lieutenant Williams and his men slowly followed Captain Porter's trail, leaving men behind one by one to die beside the trail when it was no longer possible for them to continue. One man went insane; the native carriers became mutinous and some of them attacked and wounded Lieutenant Williams with bolos. Williams later testified that their mutinous behavior left the Marines in daily fear of their lives; the porters were hiding food and supplies from the Marines and keeping themselves nourished from the jungle while the Marines starved. The 11 porters were placed under arrest when Williams' command reached Lanang.
After an investigation, Waller ordered the summary execution, without trial, of the eleven Filipino porters for treason, theft, disobedience and general mutiny. Ten were shot in groups of three (one had been gunned down in the water attempting to escape) The bodies were left in the square, as an example, until one evening, under cover of darkness, some townspeople carried them off for a Christian burial.
Waller later reported the executions to General Smith, as he had reported every other event. "It became necessary to expend eleven prisoners. Ten who were implicated in the attack on Lt. Williams and one who plotted against me." After having left ten marines to die along the trail, Lieutenant Williams was finally met by the relief party on the morning of January 18 and taken back to Lanang.
Lieutenant Williams, left in charge of the weakest men of the expedition, undoubtedly had the most trying task of the whole unfortunate affair. The full circumstances of his attempt to extricate these exhausted men from the midst of that wild tropical jungle is one of the most tragic yet the most heroic episode in Marine Corps history. The entire march across Samar was about 190 miles. Major Waller's march, including his return with the party searching for Captain Porter, was about 250 miles.
Waller's Marine Battalion on Samar was relieved by U.S. Army units on 26 February 1902. He and his Battalion left Samar on 29 February, returning to Cavite on 2 March 1902.
For many years, thereafter, officers and men of the United States Marine Corps paid a traditional tribute to the indomitable courage of these marines by rising in their presence with the following words of homage: "STAND, GENTLEMEN, HE SERVED ON SAMAR!"
Aftermath.
General Smith passed Waller's report of the executions to his superior, General Adna R. Chaffee. Chaffee decided to investigate these executions, despite General J. Franklin Bell purportedly having carried out similar executions on a much larger scale months before with no subsequent investigations.
Waller was brought up on charges of murder in ordering the execution of the eleven Filipino porters. A court martial began on March 17, 1902. The court-martial board consisted of 7 Army officers and 6 Marine Corps officers, led by U.S. Army General William H. Bisbee.
Major Henry P. Kingsbury, USA, the prosecutor, read the charge and specification.
CHARGE: Murder, in violation of the 58th Article of War. 
SPECIFICATION: In that Major Littleton W.T. Waller, United States Marine Corps, being then and there detached for service with the United States Army by authority of the President of the United States, did, in time of war, willfully and feloniously and with malice aforethought, murder and kill eleven men, names unknown, natives of the Philippine Islands, by ordering and causing his subordinate officer under his command, John Horace Arthur Day, 1st Lieutenant, U.S. Marine Corps, and a firing detail of enlisted men under his said command, to take out said eleven men and shoot them to death, which said order was then and there carried into execution and said eleven natives, and each of them, were shot with rifles, from the effects of which they then and there died. 
This at Basey, Island of Samar, Philippine Islands, on or about the 20th day of January, 1902. 
Waller's attorney, Cdr Adolf Marix USN, first argued, unsuccessfully, that the Army had no jurisdiction over him as he was still under Marine Corps command. From the court martial transcript:
"The specification does not allege that Major Waller is now detached for service with the United States Army, nor does it allege that due process against him for the offence was instituted before he was detached from the Army. The charge does not, therefore, represent a case within the jurisdiction of the Army court martial." In other words, Marix said, the Army did not charge Waller when he was assigned to them, and he is not assigned to them any longer.
"The charges brought against Major Waller were handed to him on March 4, and constitute the first process against him. This was several days after he was detached from the Army ... the jurisdiction was therefore voluntarily surrendered."
"The plea is that the defendant is not subject to the jurisdiction of this court", General Bisbee noted.
"We want to know whether there is any possible written or other evidence from the President of the United States placing him on detached duty with the Army, and thereby placing him within the province of this court."
"I can have them here tomorrow morning", the prosecutor responded, and next day he submitted in evidence a series of telegrams between Admiral Rogers and General Chaffee in which the offer of three hundred Marines for service with the Sixth Brigade is made and accepted. "The Marines were serving in Samar by order of the President. The Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy knew they were there." Besides, Major R. N. Getty had been assigned to investigate the shootings at Basey, and had so advised Waller before the Marine battalion was detached from Sixth Brigade on 19 February."
Not sufficient, Marix responded. "Legal proceedings are defined clearly ... the accused has a right to be present, the witnesses sworn, and be represented by counsel. Nothing of the kind happened in this case. An inspector is not a judicial officer."
General Bisbee decided that the court was without jurisdiction in the case, but left open the possibility of reversing himself if instructions were received from the office of the Adjutant General of the Army.
On 21 March, the instructions arrived. The Assistant Adjutant General noted that the Commanding General of the Philippine Department (General Arthur MacArthur, Jr) had ordered a preliminary examination of the case, with a view to legal action, before Waller was relieved of duty with the Army. Waller assisted in Major Getty's investigation, and was questioned by him, so he had to know that he was a party to the proceedings. Besides, a "brief lapse of jurisdiction" cannot mitigate a murder charge.
General Bisbee "now decides that (the court) has jurisdiction and directs that the case proceed to trial." Waller carefully entered his plea:
To the specification - Guilty, except to the words "willfully and feloniously and with malice aforethought, murder and" - to those words, not guilty. To the charge - Not Guilty
Waller did not use Smith's orders "I want all persons killed" to justify his deed, instead relying on the rules of war and provisions of a Civil War General Order Number 100 that authorized "exceeding force", much as J. Franklin Bell had successfully done months before. Waller's counsel had rested his defense.
The prosecution then decided to call General Smith as a rebuttal witness. On April 7, 1902, in sworn testimony, Smith denied that he had given any special verbal orders to Waller. Waller then produced three officers who corroborated Waller's version of the Smith-Waller conversation, and copies of every written order he had received from Smith, Waller informed the court he had been directed to take no prisoners and to kill every male Filipino over age 10.
During the trial, some sensationalist American newspapers, including his hometown newspaper in Philadelphia, nicknamed Waller the "Butcher of Samar".
The court martial board voted 11-2 for acquittal of Waller. Later, the U.S. Army Judge Advocate General dismissed the entire case, agreeing that a Marine Corps officer was not subject to an Army court.
As as result of evidence introduced at the Waller trail, General Smith was then court martialed, convicted, admonished, and forced to retire.

</doc>
<doc id="18560911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560911" title="Joseph Pollet">
Joseph Pollet

Joseph C. Pollet (1897–1979) was an American painter. 
Pollet was born in Albbruck, Germany and emigrated with his parents to New York City in 1911. He studied at the Art Students League of New York. By age 21 Pollet was employed as an advertising copywriter, while studying painting, and settled near Woodstock, New York, where he retained ties even from 1954 until 1961, when he lived in Paris and Italy. 
Pollet was best known for his realistic rural landscapes. In 1971, a fire in his Greenwich Village studio destroyed nearly 150 of his paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="18560921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560921" title="Russula acetolens">
Russula acetolens

Russula acetolens is a species of mushroom. 

</doc>
<doc id="18560944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560944" title="Russula acrifolia">
Russula acrifolia

Russula acrifolia is a species of mushroom. Its cap is coloured grey to blackish-grey; the cap becomes red when hurt, but then turns blackish-gray. It is edible and described as having an acrid taste. It grows on rich soils.
Geographical distribution.
"Russula acrifolia" is an holarctic species which needs a temperate climate. The species is spread in the Caucasus, Siberia, Korea and Japan, Northern America, Northern Africa and Europe.
Ecological properties.
"Russula acrifolia" is a mycorrhiza mushroom for different trees. Its favourite symbionic partners are Fagus sylvatica and spruce. If those are not available, it can also form symbiotic partnerships with larix, pines, betula, oaks und tilia.

</doc>
<doc id="18560964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560964" title="Taupō (New Zealand electorate)">
Taupō (New Zealand electorate)

Taupō (before 2008 styled as 'Taupo' with no macron) is a New Zealand parliamentary electorate returning one Member of Parliament to the New Zealand House of Representatives. The current MP for Taupō is Louise Upston of the National Party. She has held this position since 2008.
The current Taupō seat was created ahead of the introduction to Mixed Member Proportional voting in 1996. It is a merger of the old marginal seat of Tongariro with the western half of the safe National seat of Waikaremoana. It, and all its descendents are centred around Taupō district and its main towns of Taupō, Turangi and Mangakino, with the South Waikato District towns of Tokoroa, Tirau and Putaruru. Before 2008, the electorate pulled south to take in the northern and western parts of Ruapehu District (now annexed by Rangitīkei), namely Taumarunui, Raetihi and Ohakune. With the sweeping changes wrought by the boundary review conducted after the 2006 census, low population growth in the south-central North Island coupled with high population growth in and around Auckland has meant Cambridge moved out of the now defunct seat of and into Taupō.
Taupō has twice returned Mark Burton with a majority of around a thousand - in 1996, when Labour's post-1990 fortunes were at their lowest and New Zealand First went on to take a large bite out of their vote; and again in 2005, when National consolidated the centre-right vote, and at the same time won 2,000 more party votes than Burton's Labour party. At the intermediate two MMP elections, Burton was safely returned, thanks in part to a heavy disenchantment with the National Party among its formerly loyal voters. In the political climate in 2008, with the dominance of the National Party in Cambridge, which contributed over ten thousand new voters to the seat, Louise Upston won the seat with a majority of over 6,000.
Historically, the name can refer to a seat contested between 1963 and 1981. The seat referred to here was much smaller, because it did not contain the western side of Lake Taupō, nor Cambridge, nor the Ruapehu towns. It was as marginal as the seat that would be reclaimed fifteen years later, returning four one-term MPs in succession before its abolition.
Members of Parliament for Taupō.
Unless otherwise stated, all MPs terms began and ended at general elections.
Election results.
2011 election.
Electorate (as at 26 November 2011): 45,800

</doc>
<doc id="18560979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560979" title="Russula adulterina">
Russula adulterina

Russula adulterina is a species of mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18560982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560982" title="Palden Sherab">
Palden Sherab

Khenchen Palden Sherab Rinpoche () (May 10, 1938 - June 19, 2010) was a scholar and lama in the Nyingma school of Tibetan Buddhism.
Life.
Palden Sherab was born in the village of Joephu (), in the Dhoshul () region of Kham, Tibet, near the sacred mountain of Jowo Zegyal (). Just prior to China's invasion, he completed his shedra (monastic university) education at the Taklung Kagyu monastery of Riwoche (), in the Riwoche region of Kham, where he was groomed to take over as the abbot of Gochen Monastery (). 
Following China's annexation of eastern Tibet, he fled with his family to India in 1960. He lost his mother and sisters in the journey, although his father—Lama Chimed Namgyal Rinpoche—and his brother—Khenpo Tsewang Dongyal Rinpoche—survived. Once in exile, His Holiness Dudjom Rinpoche requested that Palden Sherab join the committee of the four main Tibetan schools dedicated to recovering sacred texts missing or destroyed in the struggle with China. He salvaged thousands of texts and commentaries.
Palden Sherab traveled to the United States in 1980 with his brother. Together they founded Dharma Samudra, a non-profit publishing organization, in 1985. Afterward, they published numerous texts on Tibetan language, poetry, grammar, Buddhist philosophy, practice, logic, and tantra, as well as Tibetan histories. In 1989 they also founded Padmasambhava Buddhist Center International, which includes centers and monastic institutions in the United States, Puerto Rico, Russia, and India. Their headquarters is at Palden Pema Samye Ling () retreat center and monastery in Sidney Center, Delaware County, New York. 
Palden Sherab died on Saturday, June 19, 2010 at Palden Pema Samye Ling. His body () remained there in post-death meditation () until Wednesday, June 23, 2010. He was cremated on Thursday, June 24, 2010. 
Palden Sherab was knowledgeable in all aspects of Buddhism, but he was particularly well known for his texts and teachings on Dzogchen ().

</doc>
<doc id="18560984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560984" title="Russula aeruginea">
Russula aeruginea

Russula aeruginea, also known as the grass-green Russula, the tacky green Russula, or the green Russula, is an inedible "Russula" mushroom. Widely distributed in northern temperate regions, it is usually found under birch, mostly in pine forests.
Taxonomy.
The species was first described in Elias Magnus Fries's 1863 work "Monographia Hymenomycetum Sueciae". The specific epithet "aeruginea" is derived from the Latin "aeruginus", referring to the tarnished color of copper. It is commonly known variously as the "tacky green Russula", the "grass-green Russula", or the "green Russula".
Description.
The cap is flat when young, soon funnel shaped and weakly striped; somewhat sticky and shiny, pale green to light grey-green, more rarely olive green. It is often in diameter. The closely spaced gills are pale cream when young, later becoming light yellow when the spores mature. The stipe is white, occasionally with rust-coloured spots at the base, often rather short with longitudinal furrows. It measures long by thick. The flesh is white, brittle and without scent, with a mild taste. "R. aeruginea" mushrooms are edible.
The spore print is cream-yellow. Spores are spherical to oval with ridges and warts on the surface, and measure 6–8 by 6–7 μm.
Green specimens of the crab brittlegill, "Russula xerampelina", can be mistaken for "R. aeruginea". They can be readily distinguished in that specimens of "R. xerampelina" always smell of cooked shellfish, while specimens of "R. aeruginea" do not.
Habitat and distribution.
The fruit bodies of "Russula aeruginea" grow on the ground in woods, in troops in leaf litter or in grass. It is ectomycorrhizal with birch, but also with found under conifers, particularly pine and spruce. It is widely distributed in northern temperate zones. Fruiting occurs from July to November in Europe, and in later summer to autumn in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="18560998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18560998" title="WGMR">
WGMR

WGMR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18561011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561011" title="List of rugby union stadiums by capacity">
List of rugby union stadiums by capacity

The following is a list of stadiums at which rugby union is played, ordered by seating capacity. Currently all stadiums with a capacity of 10,000 or more which are the regular home venue of a club or national team, or are the regular hosts of a major competition (such as an event in the IRB Sevens World Series or the final of an annual national competition), are included. Stadiums for which the only rugby union use is hosting occasional matches or which have only hosted one-off rugby union tournaments are not included. Not all of these stadiums are primarily venues for rugby union, with some being primarily venues for another sport.
Future stadiums.
This list includes stadiums that are either under construction or planned.
1 As a Rugby ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18561020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561020" title="Russula alachuana">
Russula alachuana

Russula alachuana is a species of mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18561021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561021" title="Fernando García Roel">
Fernando García Roel

Fernando García Roel (14 August 1921 – 26 February 2009) was a Mexican chemical engineer. He served as the second rector of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (ITESM, 1960–1984).
García Roel was born in Monterrey, Nuevo León, into a family composed by Mario A. García and María Roel, sister of prominent historian Santiago Roel. He received a bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (1943) and a master's degree in the same discipline from the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1948).
In 1966 he was given the University of Wisconsin–Madison's Distinguished Service Award and in 1984 the Víctor Márquez Domínguez Prize of the Mexican Institute of Chemical Engineers.
One of the streets crossing the main campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18561028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561028" title="Russula albida">
Russula albida

Russula albida is a fungus said to be edible. It is found in North America under deciduous trees.

</doc>
<doc id="18561029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561029" title="Keith Baker (Canadian football)">
Keith Baker (Canadian football)

Keith Leonard Baker was a Canadian Football League wide receiver who played six seasons for four different teams. He was a CFL All Star in 1982. Baker also played one season in the National Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18561045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561045" title="Russula aurea">
Russula aurea

Russula aurea, commonly known as the gilded brittlegill, is an uncommon species of mushroom found in deciduous woodland in Europe in summer and early autumn. Unlike many red-capped members of the genus, it is edible and mild-tasting.
Taxonomy.
It was known for many years as "Russula aurata" originally published in 1801 as "Agaricus auratus" by the English naturalist William Withering, and placed by the father of mycology Elias Magnus Fries into the genus "Russula" in 1838. However, the binomial name "Russula aurea" had been coined by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1796 and takes precedence. Both specific epithets are derived from the Latin "aurum" "gold", hence "golden".
Description.
The cap is 4–9 cm (1.6–3.6 in) wide and a blood- or orange-red in colour with ridged margins. Sticky when wet, it is initially convex, then later flat, or depressed; it is able to be peeled half-way. The widely spaced gills are ochre with yellow edges, and adnexed or free. The stipe is up to 3–8 cm (1.4–3.2 in) long and 1–2.5 cm (0.4–1 in) wide, cylindrical and white or cream to golden-yellow. The brittle flesh is yellow and the taste mild. The spore print is ochre, the warty spores are oval or round and measure 7.5–9 × 6–8 μm.
Similar species.
The overall yellow tone of "Russula aurea" distinguishes it from the peppery and inedible red-capped Russulas, such as the bloody brittlegill ("R. sanguinaria"), the sickener ("R. emetica"), and the beechwood sickener ("R. nobilis").
Distribution and habitat.
"Russula aurea" is found in Europe and is uncommon in Britain. It has been recorded as far east as the Black Sea region of eastern Turkey.
It occurs under deciduous trees in summer and early autumn, in particular beech, oak and hazel.
Edibility.
Unlike many other red-capped members of the genus, "Russula aurea" is mild-tasting and edible.

</doc>
<doc id="18561063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561063" title="New York Goes to Hollywood">
New York Goes to Hollywood

New York Goes to Hollywood is a reality VH1 series that consists of eight, 30-minute-episodes. "New York Goes to Hollywood" premiered on August 4, 2008. This spin-off of the I Love New York series, features Tiffany "New York" Pollard as she tries to find an acting job in Hollywood, California. In order to be an "established actress," Tiffany Pollard has to put her life aside to achieve her Hollywood goal by leaving her mother, Michelle Patterson, and George "Tailor Made" Weisgerber. The show is available on iTunes & the first episode was made available free for a limited time. A follow-up/spin-off season, entitled "New York Goes to Work", premiered May 4, 2009.
Episodes.
"First aired August 4, 2008"
Tiffany "New York" Pollard holds interviews for personal assistants. She hires Harvard graduate and former Access Hollywood special correspondent Lizza Monet-Morales. After that, Lizza sets up a workout for Tiffany at a gym in Hollywood and hires someone to make a reel of her most famous moments set up. The guy who makes her reel was supposed to deliver her reel to her the next day so she would have it for her show later that afternoon. He does not end up delivering her reel until right before she goes on stage. She then does her performance and all of the talent scouts wait for her to come out. It takes her too long and they all leave. The episodes ends with her going home.
"First aired August 11, 2008"
Tiffany needed a manager and Lizza found one. He sets up two auditions with major directors. At the first audition, she meets a woman named Kelly. After Tiffany tells her to stop talking, Kelly goes in and Tiffany has trouble with her script. She did not do well so she went to her next audition. At this audition, she saw Kelly again. In the audition, the director criticized her but she told her she did well. Later that day, the manager then recommended an acting school. She once again, saw Kelly and thinks she is a stalker. After, she does an acting game with a man named Vos and thought he was cute. Shortly after, Kelly told her she did decent. New York got mad and it broke out in an argument. The two had a meeting with the acting coach and both are then kicked out for the day.
"First aired August 18, 2008"
New York learns that you have to give a little to get a little when her new manager sets her up with a spec commercial for a Japanese energy drink. New York and her assistant do a little research into their idea of "Japanese culture." New York completes the spec commercial after having the director blow up at his assistant for not cutting the wooden board so that when New York hit the object it would "chop" in half.
"First aired August 25, 2008"
New York's assistant is late...again! Slightly perturbed, New York takes a call from her manager regarding an In Touch photo shoot that he set up at her house. The anxiety over the photo shoot is compounded when New York receives the call that her mother is coming out to visit. When New York's mother (aka sister P.) arrives, she terrorizes New York's assistant, and the photo shoot is put in jeopardy by the domineering stage mother. Later, Sister P. demands a meeting with this new Hollywood manager and when Sister P. drags religion into the meeting and insults a prospective movie producer, New York starts to consider whether having her mother around is an asset to her career or a "bump in the road" on her path to acting stardom.
"First aired September 1, 2008"
It's a brand new day for New York but Sister P is still an ominous presence hovering over her career. New York is awakened by a phone call from her manager, who makes New York aware that today she is doing back up vocals for an R&B group and lessons with a vocal coach, stressing the importance of a celebrity to have cross-over ability. New York's assistant calls in sick, there's a cab ride from hell to the lesson, and New York has to perform weird vocal exercises. Later, Sister P has an altercation with the recording artists who turn out to be Little Jackie, which threatens to destroy New York's cross-over career before it even has a chance to begin. New York is forced to make a decision on the role her mother is plays in her acting career by sending her home.
"First aired September 8, 2008"
The past comes back to haunt New York as she starts her day with a phone call in an attempt to salvage a past romantic relationship and the conversation has a seemingly nasty finality when she calls Tailor Made. New York's manager calls with the intent of putting her on the Chelsea Lately show. Anxiety grows, as New York dreads the questions that Chelsea Handler will ask. Later, New York's acting coach drops a bomb on New York, revealing an impending Shakespeare showcase and romance threatens to cloud her priorities as New York and her acting partner attempt to rehearse in an all too romantic setting. Finally, a surprise visit from Tailor Made further tests New York's ability to focus on her acting career and keep it from derailing.
"First aired September 15, 2008"
New York's surprise visitor adds fuel to the fury that is New York, threatening to drag her away from her career path as Tiffany the aspiring actress. After an explosive argument at her house, in front of her new acting partner Vos, New York is put to the test on whether she can muster up the professionalism to deliver a solid performance in the Romeo and Juliet showcase. She now understands the fact that her ex flame, Tailor Made, has burned out. Her relationship with Tailor Made is over, and her relationship with her new acting partner has begun. Also, New York has to make a decision on whether to close another chapter that is the New York of the past or threaten the dream that Tiffany the actress has built.
"First aired September 22, 2008"
New York has an audition for a film, but must give up reality television if she gets the role. At the same time, Cris Abrego and Mark Cronin offer her a new season of I Love New York. New York auditions for the film role after practicing with Vos and gets the part. She turns down "I Love New York 3", but says if the acting career doesn't work out, she'll come back to reality TV ("I Love New York 3") but if it does there will be a "New York Goes to Hollywood: Season 2".

</doc>
<doc id="18561076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561076" title="35 cm Marinekanone L/45 M. 16">
35 cm Marinekanone L/45 M. 16

The 35 cm Marinekanone L/45 M. 16 (45 caliber Naval gun Model 16) was used by Austria-Hungary during World War I as a superheavy siege gun. Eleven of these had been ordered from Škoda Works before the war to equip the first unit of the s that Austria had ordered. The ships were cancelled shortly after the outbreak of the war, but the guns continued in production.
The first gun and its cradle was reported ready for delivery by Skoda on 28 May 1915, but it was not tested until April 1916. Shortly afterwards it was sent to the Italian Front and installed in the train yard of Calceranica al Lago near the shore of Caldonazzo lake, where it fired 122 shots before it was returned to Skoda on 30 May 1916 for refurbishing. It was nicknamed "Lange Georg" by the troops and the first task assigned was to support the Strafexpedition targeting at the Italian command center in Asiago 34 km away, where Italians believed to be out of range by artillery attacks. The operative position near the town center forced the personnel to activate a siren before shooting in order to open all the surrounding windows to prevent damages by the shock waves. Either "Georg" or Gun No. 2 was sent to the Romanian Front to assist in the crossing of the Danube in November 1916, but only a few shots were fired before it was withdrawn. Skoda reported in May 1917 that Gun No. 1 had returned from the front, Gun No. 2 had been delivered, Gun No. 3 was complete (it was tested on 18 May 1917), Gun No. 4 was in the final stages of completion while Guns No. 5-11 were in different stages of completion. Gun No. 2 was sent to the Italian Front at the end of August 1917 at Santa Croce, north of Trieste. It was ready to fire on 23 September 1917 against the Italian coastal batteries between Grado and the Isonzo estuary. It fired the first shot over the Gulf of Trieste on 18 October 1917.
The fate of the guns is unclear. The Italians captured one as did the French (probably No. 4, which had been delivered shortly before the end of the war) and to the Serbs. The former two scrapped theirs, but the Serbs had one during the interwar period.
A proper mount for the gun couldn't be devised in a timely manner and its carriage was mounted on a steel platform lined with wood. It had to be traversed with winches. A 100-ton crane was required for assembly. Postwar plans were to mount them on rail carriages, but these came to naught with the breakup of Austria-Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="18561097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561097" title="William Carlos Ives">
William Carlos Ives

William Carlos Ives (October 30, 1873 – 1950) was a provincial politician and provincial Supreme Court Justice.
Early life.
William Carlos Ives was born in Compton, Quebec on October 30, 1873. His family moved to the Alberta District in the Northwest Territories shortly after he was born. When he reached his teenage years he left home to work his first job as a cowhand. He left the territories to attend McGill University and graduated in 1899. Ives became a lawyer in Montreal shortly after graduating and worked in the city for two years before moving back to Alberta.
Political career.
Ives moved to the town of Lethbridge in 1901 and joined a legal firm partnering with established lawyer Charles Conybeare. He soon became interested in provincial politics and joined the Conservatives.
Ives ran twice as a candidate for the Alberta provincial Conservative party. He ran for the first time in the Lethbridge electoral district in the 1905 Alberta general election. He was defeated by former Northwest Territories MLA Leverett DeVeber in a hotly contested race. 
Ives ran for a second time in the Lethbridge City electoral district. He again finished second, this time in a three way race ahead of incumbent Labor MLA Donald McNabb but was defeated by Liberal candidate William Ashbury Buchanan. Ives was unable to expand his popular vote garnering the exact total as his run for office in 1905.
Judicial career.
Ives left his practice in Lethbridge moving to Calgary in 1914 after he was appointed to be a judge for the Supreme Court of Alberta. He retired from his judicial career in 1944. Early in his career he became known by the nickname of the "Cowboy Judge".
Ives presided over the scandalous seduction trial of United Farmers Premier John Brownlee. After the jury verdict came down, Ives threw out the jury decision in favour of the plaintiffs and dismissed the case; the Supreme Court of Canada eventually overturned Ives' decision The trial scandalized the United Farmers government and helped lead to its defeat in the 1935 Alberta general election.
Late life.
After retiring from the judiciary Ives remained at the Cochrane Ranch just outside Calgary. He would die in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="18561100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561100" title="Paul A. Goble">
Paul A. Goble

Paul A. Goble (born 1949) is an American analyst, writer and columnist with expertise on Russia, Eurasia, public diplomacy and international broadcasting. Trained at Miami University (B.A., 1970) and the University of Chicago (M.A., 1973), he is the editor of four volumes on ethnic issues in the former Soviet Union and has published more than 150 articles on ethnic and nationality questions. Goble served as special adviser on Soviet nationality issues and Baltic affairs to Secretary of State James Baker.
He currently teaches one course at the Institute of World Politics.
Awards.
Paul Goble has been decorated with these state awards for his role in promoting the recovery of Baltic independence:

</doc>
<doc id="18561130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561130" title="Stuart Peach">
Stuart Peach

Air Chief Marshal Sir Stuart William Peach, KCB, CBE (born 1956) is a senior Royal Air Force officer. He was appointed the first Commander of Joint Forces Command in December 2011, having previously served as Chief of Joint Operations and prior to that as Chief of Defence Intelligence. He was appointed Vice-Chief of the Defence Staff on 10 May 2013.
Service career.
Peach was gazetted as a University Cadet in 1974, being commissioned on graduation in 1977 as a Pilot Officer, and promoted to Flying Officer and Flight Lieutenant the following year. A navigator, Peach served one tour on the English Electric Canberra in the photographic reconnaissance role and then three tours on the ground attack and reconnaissance variant of the Panavia Tornado in both the UK and Germany, being promoted to Squadron Leader in 1986, becoming a Qualified Weapons Instructor and receiving the Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air in the 1990 Birthday Honours List.
After Staff College in 1990 he returned to Germany to serve as Personal Staff Officer to, in turn, Deputy Commander RAF Germany, Commander-in-Chief RAF Germany and Commander Second Allied Tactical Air Force (of which RAF Germany formed a part), being promoted to Wing Commander in 1991. From 1994 to 1996 Peach commanded IX (Bomber) Squadron operating in the Strike, Attack and SEAD role, also acting as Deputy Station Commander RAF Bruggen.
Following promotion to Group Captain in 1996 and an MPhil degree at the University of Cambridge, Peach became Director Defence Studies (Royal Air Force) in 1997, commissioning scholarship, editing books and writing articles on air power. In 1999 he was appointed Assistant Director of the Higher Command and Staff Course at the Joint Services Command and Staff College (having previously graduated from that course).
Peach served as Commander British Forces Italy from 1999 to 2000 and NATO Air Commander (Forward) in Kosovo in 2000, as a result of which he was appointed CBE. He was then appointed Commandant of the Air Warfare Centre and Assistant Chief of Staff Intelligence at RAF Strike Command, being promoted to Air Commodore in January 2001.
Promoted to Air Vice Marshal in 2003, Peach served as Director General Intelligence Collection from July 2003 to March 2006. He was promoted to Air Marshal in 2006, and appointed Chief of Defence Intelligence, becoming Chief of Joint Operations in March 2009 having been knighted in that year's New Year Honours List.
Peach was promoted to Air Chief Marshal and appointed the first commander of the new Joint Forces Command in December 2011. He went on to become Vice-Chief of the Defence Staff in May 2013.
Education and personal.
Peach graduated from the University of Sheffield with a degree in Geography, Economics and Social History and, in addition to his MPhil from Cambridge, has been awarded an honorary DTech degree from the University of Kingston, and is a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society. He is the President of the RAF Rugby League, and is married with two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18561132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561132" title="Commonweal (disambiguation)">
Commonweal (disambiguation)

Commonweal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18561145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561145" title="In Essence">
In Essence

In Essence (occasionally referred to simply as I.E.) is a 5-member Canadian R&B group that has had success both in Canada and USA. The groups members, Dru, Pops, Smooth, Que and Touch all met in Toronto, Ontario in 1993. On a trip to NYC, In Essence met Funkmaster Flex and his manager and in 2001 they were signed to Franchise Entertainment. Shortly thereafter they released the single "You'll Never Find". The song garnered tremendous exposure in the US and aided in the success of Funkmaster Flex's Mix Tape Vol. 4.
As a result of this exposure and success, In Essence signed a record Deal with Vik Recordings / BMG Canada and released their first album, The Master Plan, in 2003. In April 2004, In Essence won a Juno Award for R&B/Soul Recording of the Year. In June of that same year they took home an MMVA Award from MuchMusic for Best R&B Video Of The Year. The year also saw them win a SOCAN #1 Award for "Friend Of Mine" along with 2 Canadian Radio Music Award nominations.
Lead singer, Dru, has recently embarked on a successful solo career. He had released two solo albums, "The One" in 2008 and "On the Brink" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18561154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561154" title="United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1902">
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1902

The 1902 South Carolina United States Senate election was a Democratic Party primary election held on August 26, 1902 and September 9 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of South Carolina. Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature and not through the direct election by the people of the state. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Tillmanite Democrat Asbury Latimer won the Democratic primary and was elected by the General Assembly for a six-year term.
Democratic primary.
In the special election of 1897, the Conservatives were without a candidate so in 1902 four candidates vied for the support of Conservatives: Dan S. Henderson, William Elliott, George Johnstone and John J. Hemphill. The two remaining candidates in the race, Representative Asbury Latimer and former Governor John Gary Evans, were strong Tillmanites. However, both were strongly opposed to each other and a duel almost ensued between the two while campaigning at St. George on July 12. A fight did indeed break out between Latimer and Hemphill when they were campaigning in Gaffney on August 14. Latimer took offence to an accusation by Hemphill and struck him. Hemphill was unable to strike back because Latimer quickly left the scene.
On August 26, Latimer and Evans emerged as the top two candidates in the field and were to face each other in a runoff election on September 9. The Conservative candidates had garnered more votes combined than the combined vote of Latimer and Evans, but their inability to coalesce around a single candidate prevented a Conservative from winning the election. Evans was widely disliked by Conservatives in the state so they threw their support behind Latimer and he easily won the runoff election.

</doc>
<doc id="18561162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561162" title="Ken Lamberton">
Ken Lamberton

Kenneth J. Lamberton (born November 8, 1958) is an American writer and former teacher. Born in Duluth, Minnesota, Lamberton attended the University of Arizona, where he received a Bachelor of Science degree in biology and a Master of Fine Arts in creative writing. He was working as a science teacher in Mesa, Arizona in 1985 when he was awarded a Teacher of the Year award. A few months later, the then 28-year-old Lamberton was arrested for child molestation for having an affair with a 14-year-old student and transporting her across state lines. During his twelve-year prison term at the Santa Rita unit of the Arizona State Prison Complex at Tucson, he participated in a creative writing program run by Richard Shelton and became a writer, penning essays for the prison magazine "La Roca". After his release on September 25, 2000, he began to publish non-fiction books and articles on natural history and crime and punishment in the Southwest. 
Lamberton has published four books since 2000 and written hundreds of essays and articles. His first book, "Wilderness and Razor Wire: A Naturalist's Observations from Prison", received critical acclaim from the "San Francisco Chronicle" which felt it was "...entirely original: an edgy, ferocious, subtly complex collection of essays...". It won the 2002 John Burroughs Medal for nature writing. In 2007, Lamberton was awarded a Soros Justice Fellowship by the Open Society Institute to complete his fourth book, "Time of Grace: Thoughts on Nature, Family, and the Politics of Crime and Punishment".

</doc>
<doc id="18561174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561174" title="Derek Boorman">
Derek Boorman

Lieutenant-General Sir Derek Boorman KCB (born 30 September 1930) was a senior British Army officer.
Military career.
Educated at Wolstanton Grammar School and the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Boorman was commissioned into the North Staffordshire Regiment in 1950. He was Deputy Assistant Adjutant and Quartermaster General at Headquarters 48th Gurkha Infantry Brigade and subsequently Commander of 51st Brigade in Hong Kong.
He was appointed Director of Military Operations at the Ministry of Defence in 1980 and Commander of British Forces in Hong Kong in 1982. He went on to be Chief of Defence Intelligence in 1985: in that capacity he took the view that the Mikhail Gorbachev's proposals for internal reform and deep cuts in missile stocks were genuine. He retired from the British Army in 1988.
He was also Colonel of the 6th Queen Elizabeth's Own Gurkha Rifles from 1983 to 1988.
Retirement.
In October 1992 he was appointed a Member of the Government's Security Commission and in 1996 he accused Government Ministers of being untruthful in their evidence to the Arms to Iraq Inquiry. He retired from the Security Commission in 1998.
In 1994 he became Chairman of the Royal Hospitals Trust - a post he held until 1998. Then in 2000 he became a Deputy Pro-Chancellor of the University of Kent.

</doc>
<doc id="18561179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561179" title="Fayette Pinkney">
Fayette Pinkney

Fayette Regina Pinkney (January 10, 1948 – June 27, 2009) was an American singer and one of the original members of musical group The Three Degrees.
Early life and career.
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Pinkney was one of three young teenagers brought together by manager Richard Barrett to form The Three Degrees in 1963. She was a part of the group until 1976, and was with them through their great years—with Roulette and Philadelphia International Records—and sang on many of their greatest hits, such as "When Will I See You Again" and "Take Good Care of Yourself". She traveled to London in January 1979 to record her only solo album, "One Degree", which she did in just two weeks, to great acclaim from both her peers and fans.
Fayette subsequently earned a Bachelor's degree in psychology from Temple University and a Master's degree in human services from Lincoln University in 1984. She later worked as a counselor and vocal coach and, in addition to singing with her church's inspirational choir, she traveled with a group called the Intermezzo Choir Ministry.
Personal life and death.
In 1994, Pinkney gave birth to a daughter, Ayana Alexandria, who died two days later due to sudden infant death syndrome. On June 27, 2009, Pinkney died of acute respiratory failure after a short and sudden illness at the age of 61.

</doc>
<doc id="18561183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561183" title="Holland-Towne House">
Holland-Towne House

Holland-Towne House is a historic house on North Street in Petersham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1752 and added to the National Historic Register in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18561189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561189" title="Petersham Common Historic District">
Petersham Common Historic District

Petersham Common Historic District is a historic district on MA 32/122 in Petersham, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982; it includes the rural downtown of Petersham and the North Common Meadow.
There is also a Petersham Common in the London borough of Richmond upon Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="18561198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561198" title="Lloyd Green">
Lloyd Green

Lloyd Green (born October 4, 1937 in Leaf, Mississippi) is an American steel guitarist. Green is most notable for his session work, having played on records with artists such as Johnny Cash, Alan Jackson, Lynn Anderson, Don Williams, Paul McCartney, Charley Pride, Johnny Paycheck, George Hamilton IV and many others.
Early life.
Lloyd Green was born on October 4, 1937 in Leaf, Mississippi. He moved with his family to Mobile, Alabama at the age of four, where he began to take music lessons.
At the age of seven he learned to play a Hawaiian string guitar and eventually learned how to play the steel guitar.
By the time he was ten, he was playing professionally in clubs a couple of nights a week with a rhythm guitarist.
Green graduated from high school in 1955, and went on to study psychology at the University of Southern Mississippi. He left college at the age of nineteen and went to Nashville to seek fame as a steel guitarist.
Over the years, Lloyd Green has become one of the most popular and respected pedal steel guitarist of all time, and arguably the best player of the E9th tuning on the pedal steel guitar.
Session work.
Green's joined Faron Young's road band in December 1956 and stayed for 18 months. He soon played steel guitar on his first session, George Jones' "Too Much Water".
After he could not afford to renew his union card, he moved back to Mobile, but eventually moved back to Nashville and became a shoe salesman. He told his story to one of his customers, widow of publisher Fred Rose, and she renewed it for him.
The first successful session he played on was Warner Mack's "The Bridge Washed Out" in 1965. For the next 15 years, Green averaged 400 sessions a year. The artists whose recordings he played on included Faron Young, Freddie Hart, the Byrds, Charley Pride, and Paul McCartney. He turned down a U.S. tour with McCartney due to the fact that he didn't want to lose work in Nashville.
In the 1980s an ear infection forced Green to stop working, but he eventually returned to session work. He also plays live on occasion.
Lloyd Green was inducted into the Steel Guitar Hall of Fame in 1988.
He has performed with over 500 artists, has played on 115 number one hits, and over 100 top ten hits.
He was profiled in the September 2008 issue of "Vintage Guitar" magazine by music historian and journalist Rich Kienzle.
Instruments.
Sho-Bud LDG Model.
Lloyd Green designed the Sho-Bud LDG steel guitar. His first was delivered on May 9, 1973 at his home by David Jackson and Duane Marrs of Sho-Bud. It was the fourth and last Sho-Bud guitar that Lloyd played on sessions.
His LDG was used on between 5000 and 6000 sessions between 1973 and 1988. One notable song recorded with this steel was "Farewell Party" by Gene Watson.
Sho-Bud Fingertip Double 10.
Green played a Sho-Bud Fingertip Double 10 on many gold and platinum records for hundreds of major artists such as Ann-Margret, Frank Sinatra, Lynn Anderson, Charley Pride, George Jones, Ferlin Husky, Freddie Hart, Jimmy Dean, Dolly Parton, Faron Young, Johnny Paycheck, Roy Acuff, Bobby Bare, Loretta Lynn, Tammy Wynette, Brenda Lee, Don Williams, Jerry Reed, Jerry Lee Lewis, The Statler Brothers, Jimmy Buffett, Peter, Paul and Mary, Marty Robbins and Hank Williams, Jr..

</doc>
<doc id="18561199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561199" title="Prescott Town House">
Prescott Town House

Prescott Town House is a historic town house on MA 32 in Petersham, Massachusetts.
The building was built in 1838, serving as the town hall for Prescott, Massachusetts, a town that was unincorporated in order to make way for the Quabbin Reservoir in the 1930s. The town house was moved to Petersham, where it is now located on a hall above a hay meadow north of the town center. It was added to the National Historic Register in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18561209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561209" title="National Breast Cancer Foundation">
National Breast Cancer Foundation

The National Breast Cancer Foundation (NBCF) is the leading community-funded national organization in Australia, supporting and promoting research for the prevention and cure of breast cancer.
Since the establishment of NBCF in 1994, over $105 million has been awarded to 370 research projects across Australia to improve the health and well-being of breast cancer patients. Research programs funded by NBCF cover every aspect of breast cancer, from increasing understanding of genetics to improving ways to support women and their families.
Underpinning NBCF’s approach is the National Action Plan for Breast Cancer Research and Funding, a blueprint for accelerating our knowledge and understanding of breast cancer. The National Action Plan focuses on funding collaborations with other like-minded organizations, including the state-based Cancer Councils and Cancer Australia. This ensures a coordinated approach to research while providing an opportunity to monitor and report outcomes to supporters.
NBCF does not receive any government funding and therefore relies on corporate and community support to continue its work. Key fund-raising initiatives of NBCF are October Pink Ribbon campaigns, including Pink Ribbon Breakfast, Pink Ribbon Day, Pink Magazine, Global Illumination and Pink Ribbon Licensed Products. In addition, NBCF works with corporate partners on cause-related campaigns.
NBCF works with third parties on major fund raising events such as the Mother’s Day Classic, a national walk or run for breast cancer held annually.
Patron and Ambassadors.
NBCF Patron:
NBCF Ambassadors
NBCF Sports Ambassadors:

</doc>
<doc id="18561210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561210" title="Fernside-Vacation House for Working Girls">
Fernside-Vacation House for Working Girls

Fernside-Vacation House for Working Girls is a historic house at 162 Mountain Road in Princeton, Massachusetts.
The Federal style house was built in 1835. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18561213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561213" title="Steve Charbonneau">
Steve Charbonneau

Steve Charbonneau (born May 30, 1973 in Cowansville, Quebec) was a Canadian Football League defensive tackle who played eleven seasons for two different teams.

</doc>
<doc id="18561214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561214" title="Crafton, California">
Crafton, California

Crafton is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County, California, United States, located east of Redlands, south of Mentone and west of Yucaipa, California.
History.
Crafton was one of the first communities established in the San Bernardino Valley area. Lewis Cram and his brothers had been in the business of making chairs at "San Bernardino de Sena Estancia" (also known as Old San Bernardino), but around 1857, they decided to move upstream along the community aqueduct (called the "zanja", Spanish for ditch) in order to gain more milling power from the water flow. Other settlers began to settle the area, planting barley, wheat, grapes, apples and peaches. George H. Crafts, Sr. bought land, known as the Altoona Ranch, in the area then called Eastberne in 1858 for his brother Myron, who arrived in 1861 to find George had already established a bounty of crops. In 1870, Myron H. Crafts planted an acre and a half of navel oranges, and the success of his crop soon convinced others in the area to plant larger plots. The Crafts ranch became popular as a resort; a person who regained his or her health there called it Crafton, and the area has been known by that name since.
Soon, Crafton began to rival Old San Bernardino in agricultural production. Myron H. Crafts, said to be intelligent and energetic, had begun to divert too much water from the "zanja" which carried water from Mill Creek. In court in 1864, Dr. Benjamin Barton of Old San Bernardino claimed exclusive right to all water in Mill Creek, with Crafts to have none. The court took a compromise stance that allowed Crafts to have any water he could divert daily between three o'clock in the afternoon and nine at night.
In 1867, W. W. McCoy filed a claim which would allow him to divert excess seasonal water from Mill Creek to his land in Crafton. His claim was denied at first but allowed later.
In 1870, another water suit was filed, this time by Crafts, for the purpose of once more defining his right to water in the "zanja". The court decision established that he had the right to four hours of water per day. In 1871, the court decided further that Crafts must divide the stream of water into two flows, one for others and a smaller one for himself, an order which Crafts did not carry out. Crafts bought his neighbor's farms to the east through which the "zanja" ran, and reasoned that, since he thought of the ditch as a natural stream, which it resembled in places, that he should have half of its water. Other farmers in the area disagreed and brought suit. This case was taken to the California Supreme Court, where Crafts lost.
The first Protestant religious service in San Bernardino Valley was held in the Crafts home in 1873.
Having accumulated of land by this time, Myron H. Crafts established the Crafton Land and Water Company in 1882, and constructed a reservoir above the subdivision of Crafton: the Crafton Reservoir. The Crafton School District was organized in 1882, and a bond passed in 1887 to erect a schoolhouse first used in 1888. A post office was established in Crafton in 1885, with M.H. Crafts as postmaster. In 1886, the Crafton Water Company was formed by other area residents who bought the reservoir from Crafts and expanded it. Initially, they owned 14% of "zanja" flow but by 1949 had increased ownership to 53%.
In the 1870s and 1880s, a number of Native Americans of the Cahuilla tribe remained living in Crafton, working at agricultural tasks and tending sheep and stock that were owned by white settlers. Myron Crafts constructed a store for trading with the natives in the early 1880s. The building's first floor was the general store; its second floor was used as a Sunday School.
Geography.
Crafton lies on a sloped alluvial plain of the San Bernardino basin. The elevation increases toward the southeast. The area is fairly dry and requires irrigation to supply the navel orange groves. The supply of mountain water via Zanja Aqueduct is plentiful.
South and east of Crafton rise the Crafton Hills, a low, rolling set of hills created by about ten active normal dip-slip faults collectively called the Crafton Hills fault zone or the Crafton Hills Horst-and-Graben Complex which stretches between the San Jacinto fault and the San Andreas Fault. The highest point, Zanja Peak, tops out at 3,297 feet (1,005 m), approximately above Crafton. Crafton Hills is home to Crafton Hills College and includes recreational trails and the Crafton Reservoir, which supplies Crafton and Redlands with water.
Community.
The neighboring city of Redlands considers Mentone and Crafton as being within its sphere of influence; Crafton has no community plan of its own, though it has striven to maintain a rural feel with 50% of its homes hidden amid citrus groves. The maintaining of lots per residence was seen as a Crafton goal, as was the avoidance of its annexation to Redlands. Redlands noted in 2006 that if Crafton continues with their pattern of "grove estate" homes, the whole area can be annexed once the pattern is established, and that developers will go along with this.
The sloping land of Crafton serves as a watershed for Redlands, so the nearby city continues to be concerned with Crafton's water issues. Crafton has been observed by Redlands as having most of its residences on city water but not using city sewer services. Most homes use a septic tank system.
Crafton's historic citrus groves are inexpensive to sustain, making the area possibly the last agricultural community in the San Bernardino Valley area. A concern voiced in 2006 was the maintenance of the necessary agricultural infrastructure. Another concern is that increasing traffic through the area will have a deleterious effect on farming efforts.
Government.
Federal.
Crafton is located in California's 41st congressional district, which has a Cook PVI of D +9 and is represented by Democrat Mark Takano.
State.
In the state legislature Crafton is located in the 23rd Senate District, represented by Republican Bill Emmerson, and in the 40th and 42nd Assembly Districts, represented by Republicans Mike Morrell and Brian Nestande respectively.
Local.
Crafton is an unincorporated community in San Bernardino County.
Community services.
Crafton is patrolled by the San Bernardino Sheriff's department. Yucaipa Animal Control includes Crafton in their duties.

</doc>
<doc id="18561222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561222" title="Princeton Center Historic District">
Princeton Center Historic District

Princeton Center Historic District is a historic district at the junction of Hubbardston and Mountain Roads in Princeton, Massachusetts.
The district features Romanesque Revival-style architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18561225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561225" title="Russell Corner Historic District">
Russell Corner Historic District

Russell Corner Historic District is an historic district on Merriam, Gregory Hill, East Princeton and Sterling Roads, and Bullock Lane in Princeton, Massachusetts. 
Russell Corner actually sits at the corner of Merriam Road and Gregory Hill Road, contrary to where the Historical Society's sign is placed.
The district features Georgian era and Federal style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18561235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561235" title="Shrewsbury Historic District (Shrewsbury, Massachusetts)">
Shrewsbury Historic District (Shrewsbury, Massachusetts)

Shrewsbury Historic District is a historic district on Church Rd., Main, Prospect, Boylston, and Grafton Streets in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18561236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561236" title="Anthony Swann">
Anthony Swann

Anthony Gilbert Swann (born 1975) is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented both New Zealand and Samoa in international rugby league. He was educated at Liston College, Henderson.
Playing career.
Swann's career started with the Waitakere City Raiders in the 1994 Lion Red Cup, before he signed with the Auckland Warriors, joining there reserve grade side. He made the Warriors' first grade side in 1996 and played 36 times for the club. He was a New Zealand representative in 1996, playing in three test matches.
After this Swann spent a year with the North Sydney Bears and a season and a half with the Canberra Raiders before moving to England to join the Warrington Wolves. Swann played for Samoa at the 2000 World Cup.
In 2002 he switched to rugby union and played for the Bay of Plenty Steamers. 
In 2004 Swann returned to Auckland, playing rugby league for the Mt Albert Lions in the Bartercard Cup and representative football for the Auckland side.
Later years.
Swann is now a teacher at Overseas Family School in Singapore located at Orchard Road.
Personal life.
His brother, Willie, and his cousin, Logan Swann, both played for the Auckland Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="18561239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561239" title="Tremoleta">
Tremoleta

Tremoleta was a Catalan troubadour mentioned by the Monge de Montaudon in his satire of contemporary troubadours ("c".1195). No works attributed to him survive, but many scholars have suggested identifying him with one of the known troubadours. The Monge provides the following information:
It is evident that Tremoleta was an old man when the Monge mocked him. If so, his composing career probably belongs to the mid-twelfth century. Manuel Milà i Fontanals, reading the first line as "entre Moleta.l catalas", proposed that Tremoleta was the Mola who exchanged "coblas" in a "tenso" with Guilhem Raimon. In the eighteenth century, Giovanni Mario Crescimbeni, assuming "Catala" to be his surname, identified Tremoleta with Arnaut Catalan. Martí de Riquer i Morera rejects all these. 
There is an obscene song, "U fotaires que no fo amoros" with a rubric Giulio Bertoni read as "t'bolet" and identified as referring to Tremoleta, but Alfred Jeanroy reads it as "Tribolet". 

</doc>
<doc id="18561240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561240" title="Joseph Lothrop House">
Joseph Lothrop House

Joseph Lothrop House is a historic house at 208 Turnpike Road in Westborough, Massachusetts. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as being in the "Shrewsbury vicinity", but Massachusetts cultural inventory identifies its location in Westborough.
The Federal style house was built in 1825 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18561247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561247" title="J.D.C. Bradley House">
J.D.C. Bradley House

J.D.C. Bradley House is a historic house at 5 Sadie Hutt Lane in 
Southborough, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1913 and added to the National Historic Register in 1999, where it is listed at 60 Sears Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18561252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561252" title="Jacques Chapdelaine">
Jacques Chapdelaine

Jacques Chapdelaine (born August 24, 1961 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is the current head coach of the Simon Fraser University Clan football team. Prior to being named head coach of the Clan on February 4, 2014, he was the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach for the BC Lions. Jacques parted ways with the BC Lions after the 2013 season. He was formerly the Edmonton Eskimos offensive coordinator in 2007 and played as a slotback between 1983 and 1989 for four different Canadian Football League teams.
Jacques was the head coach of the Université Laval Rouge et Or from 1997 to 2000, winning the first Vanier Cup in school history in 1999. His eldest son, Matt Chapdelaine, played as a wide receiver for the Alberta Golden Bears before transferring to Simon Fraser University. Matt was drafted in the sixth round, 46th overall in the 2010 CFL Draft by his father's most recent team, the BC Lions. His younger son, Justin Chapdelaine, is currently the Queen's Golden Gaels starting quarterback.

</doc>
<doc id="18561253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561253" title="Tribolet">
Tribolet

Tribolet was an obscure troubadour, known only for one song, the obscene "Us fotaires que no fo amoros". The song's rubric was read as "t'bolet" by Giulio Bertoni, who identified its composer as Tremoleta, but Alfred Jeanroy suggested the reading "Tribolet", which is widely accepted. He also suggested that the composition attributed to him is a parody of a piece now lost. The song is preserved in one chansonnier ("G", folio 128) dating from the final third of the thirteenth century, the same period in which the song may have been written.
The phrase "the one he loves" ("le qui ama") found in the ninth and eighteenth verses has caused some confusion, since "le" seems masculine: "the one he loves." On this reading, it appears that the composer is a frustrated homosexual, who has plenty of sex with women but misses sex with the man he desires. Francesco Carapezza has argued, however, that just as "celes" ("any woman") is an aberrant form of the usual "celas", so "le" is just an unusual form of feminine "la", in which case the poem is a comic exaggeration of heterosexual lust. According to C. H. Grandgent, the form "le" as masculine may indicate influence from Old French, and François Zufferey has catalogued other instances of the normal masculine "lo" replaced by "le" in Old Occitan. 
External links.
Tribolet's only extant work at trobar.org

</doc>
<doc id="18561254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561254" title="Weston Aqueduct">
Weston Aqueduct

The Weston Aqueduct is an aqueduct operated by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority. Now part of the MWRA backup systems, it was designed to deliver water from the Sudbury Reservoir in Framingham to the Weston Reservoir in Weston. The aqueduct begins at the Sudbury Dam, and passes through the towns of Southborough, Framingham, Wayland, and Weston.
In 1990 the route, buildings and bridges of the aqueduct were added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Weston Aqueduct Linear District.

</doc>
<doc id="18561259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561259" title="Rui wa Tomo o Yobu">
Rui wa Tomo o Yobu

Gameplay.
"Rui wa Tomo o Yobu"'s gameplay requires little interaction from the player as most of the duration of the game is spent simply reading the text that appears on the screen which represents either dialogue between the various characters or the inner thoughts of the protagonist. Every so often, the player will come to a point where he or she is given the chance to choose from multiple options. The time between these points is variable and can occur anywhere from a minute to much longer. Gameplay pauses at these points and depending on which choice the player makes, the plot will progress in a specific direction. There are five main plot lines that the player will have the chance to experience, one for each of the heroines in the story. To view all five plot lines, the player will have to replay the game multiple times and make different decisions to progress the plot in an alternate direction. One of the goals of the gameplay is for the player to enable the viewing of hentai scenes depicting the protagonist, Tomo, and one of the five heroines having sexual intercourse.
Plot.
"Rui wa Tomo o Yobu" revolves around the feminine Tomo Wakutsu who was brought up by his mother as a girl due to a small mark he has on his body. After his mother's death, he discovers via her will that she emphases Tomo continue to live as a female, and following this, Tomo starts to go through more troubles in his life. Tomo soon discovers that he is linked with five girls who are around his age as a second year high school student. These girls happen to have the same mark he has, and also have been going through hardships in their lives. Tomo and these five girls decide to form a pact to stay together and support each other to solve each of their problems and to bring peace to their lives. Though Tomo initially hides the fact that he is male from the others, the five girls eventually discover his secret.
Development.
"Rui wa Tomo o Yobu" is Akatsuki Works' second game in less than one year. The project is notable as having a very few people credited for having taken a part in the creation of the game, and none of them had previous worked on Akatsuki Works' first title "Boku ga Sadame-kun ni wa Tsubasa o.". The scenario was divided between two writers, Wataru Hino and Jō Shūdō. Art direction and character design were done by Hokuto Saeki who was also one of five main artists for BaseSon's 2007 visual novel "Koihime Musō".
Release history.
Before "Rui wa Tomo o Yobu"'s initial release, a free game demo became available for download at the visual novel's official website. In the demo, the player is introduced to the main characters in the game that is typical of the gameplay found in a visual novel which includes times during gameplay where the player is given several choices to make in order to further the plot in a specific direction. The full game was first released on June 26, 2008 as a limited edition playable as a DVD on a Microsoft Windows PC; the regular edition followed on July 31, 2008. The limited edition contained an art collection from the game which includes storyboards and rough illustrations.
Music.
The visual novel has two main theme songs, one opening theme and one ending theme. The opening theme, , is sung, written, and composed by Marika of the Japanese musical group Angel Note. The ending theme, , is sung and written by Riryka, and composed by Shunsuke Shiina, both of whom are also from Angel Note. A vocal CD maxi single containing both theme songs was released as a promotional gift to those who pre-ordered the limited edition version of the visual novel, and was released with that version on June 26, 2008.
Reception.
The limited edition version of "Rui wa Tomo o Yobu" ranked tenth in terms of national sales of PC games in Japan in June 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18561273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561273" title="List of birds of Ontario">
List of birds of Ontario

This list of Ontario birds is a listing of all the bird species seen naturally in the Canadian province of Ontario as determined by the Ontario Bird Records Committee (OBRC). There are, as of 2008, 478 species on this list, 291 of which are known to breed in the province. Ontario has a considerable variety of bird species. One of the factors in this diversity is the size and range of environments in Ontario. Another is the Great Lakes–many birds use the shores as a stopping point during migration.
Several common birds in Ontario, such as the House Sparrow, the Rock Dove, the European Starling, and the Mute Swan are introduced species, meaning that they are not native to this continent but were brought here by humans from Europe or elsewhere.
This list is presented in taxonomic order and follows "The Check-list of North American Birds", published by the American Ornithologists' Union. The table of contents is grouped into passerines (the largest order of birds) and non-passerines. The family accounts at the beginning of each heading reflect this taxonomy, as do the species counts found in each family accounts.
__NOTOC__
Taxonomy.
The taxonomic treatment (designation and sequence of orders, families, and species) and nomenclature (common and scientific names) used in the accompanying bird lists adhere to the conventions of the AOU's (1998) "Check-list of North American birds", the recognized scientific authority on the taxonomy and nomenclature of North America birds. The AOU's Committee on Classification and Nomenclature, the body responsible for maintaining and updating the "Check-list", "strongly and unanimously continues to endorse the biological species concept (BSC), in which species are considered to be genetically cohesive groups of populations that are reproductively isolated from other such groups" (AOU 1998). See Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy for an alternative phylogenetic arrangement based on DNA-DNA hybridization.
Unless otherwise noted, all species listed below are considered to occur regularly in North America as permanent residents, summer or winter residents or visitors, or migrants. The following codes are used to denote certain categories of species:
Ducks, geese, and swans.
Order: Anseriformes. Family: Anatidae
The family Anatidae includes ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These are birds that are modified for an aquatic existence with webbed feet, bills which are flattened to a greater or lesser extent, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to special oils.
Partridges, grouse and turkeys.
Order: Galliformes. Family: Phasianidae
The Phasianidae is a family of birds which consists of pheasants, Partridges, Grouse, Turkeys and their allies. These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump, with broad relatively short wings. Many species are gamebirds, or have been domesticated as a food source for humans.
New World quail.
Order: Galliformes. Family: Odontophoridae
The New World quails are small, plump terrestrial birds only distantly related to the quails of the Old World, but named for their similar appearance and habits.
Loons.
Order: Gaviiformes. Family: Gaviidae
Loons, known as divers in Europe, are aquatic birds size of a large duck, to which they are unrelated. Their plumage is largely grey or black, they have spear-shaped bills. Loons swim well, and fly adequately, but, because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body, are almost helpless on land.
Shearwaters and petrels.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Procellariidae
The procellariids are the main group of medium-sized 'true petrels', characterised by united nostrils with medium septum, and a long outer functional primary.
Storm-petrels.
Order: Procellariiformes. Family: Hydrobatidae
The storm-petrels are the smallest of seabirds, relatives of the petrels, feeding on planktonic crustaceans and small fish picked from the surface, typically while hovering. The flight is fluttering and sometimes bat-like. All species are accidentals.
Gannets.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Sulidae
The sulids comprise the gannets and boobies. Both groups are medium-large coastal seabirds that plunge-dive for fish.
Pelicans.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Pelecanidae
Pelicans are very large water birds with a distinctive pouch under the beak. Like other birds in the order Pelecaniformes, they have four webbed toes.
Cormorants.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Phalacrocoracidae
Cormorants are medium-to-large aquatic birds, usually with mainly dark plumage and areas of coloured skin on the face. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet are four-toed and webbed, a distinguishing feature among the Pelecaniformes order.
Darters.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Anhingidae
Darters are cormorant-like water birds with very long necks and long, straight beaks. They often swim with only the neck above water, and are fish-eaters. One species is found in Ontario as an accidental.
Frigatebirds.
Order: Pelecaniformes. Family: Fregatidae
Frigatebirds are large sea-birds usually found over tropical oceans. They are large, black or black and white, with long wings and deeply-forked tails. The males have inflatable coloured throat pouches. They do not swim or walk, and cannot take off from a flat surface. Having the largest wingspan to body weight ratio of any bird, they are essentially aerial, able to stay aloft for more than a week. One species is found in Ontario as an accidental.
Bitterns, herons, and egrets.
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Ardeidae
The family Ardeidae contains the bitterns, herons and egrets. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more wary. Unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises and spoonbills, members of this family fly with their necks retracted.
Ibises.
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Threskiornithidae
Threskiornithidae is a family of large terrestrial and wading birds which comprises the ibises and spoonbills. Its members have long, broad wings with 11 primary and about 20 secondary flight feathers. They are strong fliers and, despite their size and weight, very capable soarers.
Storks.
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Ciconiidae
Storks are large, heavy, long-legged, long-necked wading birds with long stout bills and wide wingspans. They lack the powder down that other wading birds such as herons, spoonbills and ibises use to clean off fish slime. Storks lack a pharynx and are mute. One species occurs in Ontario as an accidental.
New World vultures.
Order: Ciconiiformes. Family: Cathartidae
The New World vultures are not closely related to Old World vultures, but superficially resemble them because of convergent evolution. Like the Old World vultures, they are scavengers. However, unlike Old World vultures, which find carcasses by sight, New World vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate carcasses. 
Osprey.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Pandionidae
Hawks, kites and eagles.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Accipitridae
The Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey and include hawks, eagles, kites, harriers and Old World vultures. These birds mostly have powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight.
Caracaras and falcons.
Order: Falconiformes. Family: Falconidae
Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey, notably the falcons and caracaras. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their feet.
Rails, gallinules, and coots.
Order: Gruiformes. Family: Rallidae
Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakesgallinules, and coots. The most typical family members occupy dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs, and have long toes which are well adapted to soft, uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and be weak fliers.
Cranes.
Order: Gruiformes. Family: Gruidae
Cranes are large, long-legged and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched, not pulled back. Most have elaborate and noisy courting displays or "dances".
Plovers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Charadriidae
The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short, thick necks and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water, although there are some exceptions.
Oystercatchers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Haematopodidae
The oystercatchers are large, obvious and noisy plover-like birds, with strong bills used for smashing or prising open molluscs.
Stilts and avocets.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Recurvirostridae
Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds, which includes the avocets and the stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills.
Sandpipers and allies.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Scolopacidae
The Scolopacidae are a large diverse family of small to medium sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers and phalaropes. The majority of species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Variation in length of legs and bills enable different species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food.
Gulls, terns, and skimmers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Laridae
Laridae is a family of medium to large birds seabirds and includes gulls, terns, kittiwakes and skimmers. They are typically grey or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They have stout, longish bills and webbed feet.
Jaegers.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Stercorariidae
The family Stercorariidae are large birds, typically with grey or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They have longish bills with a hooked tip, and webbed feet with sharp claws. They look like large dark gulls, but have a fleshy cere above the upper mandible. They are strong, acrobatic fliers.
Auks, murres and puffins.
Order: Charadriiformes. Family: Alcidae
Alcids are superficially similar to penguins due to their black-and-white colours, their upright posture and some of their habits, however they are not related to the penguins at all, being able to fly. Auks live on the open sea, only deliberately coming ashore to nest. The family consists of auks, murres and puffinsThere are and seven Ontario species, six of which are accidentals.
Pigeons and doves.
Order: Columbiformes. Family: Columbidae
Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.
Cuckoos and anis.
Order: Cuculiformes. Family: Cuculidae
The family Cuculidae includes cuckoos, roadrunners and anis. These birds are of variable size with slender bodies, long tails and strong legs. Many Old World cuckoo species are brood parasites.
Barn owls.
Order: Strigiformes. Family: Tytonidae
Barn owls are medium to large sized owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons.
Typical owls.
Order: Strigiformes. Family: Strigidae
Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk.
Nightjars.
Order: Caprimulgiformes. Family: Caprimulgidae
Nightjars are medium-sized ground-nesting nocturnal birds with long wings, short legs and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is camouflaged to resemble bark or leaves.
Swifts.
Order: Apodiformes. Family: Apodidae
Swifts are small aerial birds, spending the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have long swept-back wings that resemble a crescent or a boomerang.
Hummingbirds.
Order: Apodiformes. Family: Trochilidae
Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards.
Kingfishers.
Order: Coraciiformes. Family: Cerylidae
Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails.
Woodpeckers, sapsuckers, and flickers.
Order: Piciformes. Family: Picidae
Woodpeckers, sapsuckers, and flickers are small to medium sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails, and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward, and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks.
Tyrant flycatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Tyrannidae
Tyrant flycatchers are Passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust with stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, are rather plain. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.
Shrikes.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Laniidae
Shrikes are passerine birds known for the habit of some species of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A typical shrike's beak is hooked, like a bird of prey.
Vireos.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Vireonidae
The vireos are a group of small to medium sized passerine birds restricted to the New World. They are typically greenish in colour and resemble wood warblers apart from their heavier bills.
Jays, crows, magpies and ravens.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Corvidae
The Corvidae family includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size for the bird order Passeriformes. Some of the larger species show high levels of learning behaviour. 
Larks.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Alaudidae
Larks are small terrestrial birds with often extravagant songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds.
Swallows and martins.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Hirundinidae
The Hirundinidae family is a group of passerines characterized by their adaptation to aerial feeding. The family includes swallows and martins. Their adaptations include a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings and short bills with wide gape. The feet are designed for perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base.
Chickadees and titmice.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Paridae
Chickadees and titmice are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects. 
Nuthatches.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Sittidae
Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails and powerful bills and feet.
Treecreepers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Certhiidae
Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills, which they use to extricate insects from bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees.
Wrens.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Troglodytidae
Wrens are small and inconspicuous birds, except for their loud songs. They have short wings and a thin down-turned bill. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous.
Kinglets.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Regulidae
The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus "Regulus". The adults have coloured crowns, giving rise to their name.
Gnatcatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Polioptilidae
Gnatcatchers are a group of small insectivorous passerine birds. Most are of generally undistinguished appearance, but many have distinctive songs.
Thrushes.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Turdidae
The thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.
Old World flycatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Muscicapidae
Mockingbirds and thrashers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Mimidae
The Mimids are a family of passerine birds that includes thrashers, mockingbirds, tremblers, and the New World catbirds. These birds are notable for their vocalization, especially their remarkable ability to mimic a wide variety of birds and other sounds heard outdoors. The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance.
Starlings.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Sturnidae
Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. Their flight is strong and direct, and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country. They eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.
Wagtails and pipits.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Motacillidae
The Motacillidae are a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws and pipits. They are slender, ground feeding insectivores of open country.
Waxwings.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Bombycillidae
The waxwings are a group of passerine birds characterised by soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and Cedar Waxwings, these tips look like sealing wax, and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests.
Silky-flycatchers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Ptilogonatidae
Longspurs and snow buntings.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Calcariidae
Wood-warblers.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Parulidae
The Wood-warblers are a group of small often colourful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some like are more terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores.
American sparrows, towhees, juncos and longspurs.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Emberizidae
The Emberizidae are a large family of passerine birds that includes American sparrows, towhees, juncos and longspurs. They are seed-eating birds with a distinctively shaped bill. In Europe, most species are named as buntings. In North America, most of the species in this family are known as sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many emberizid species have distinctive head patterns.
Cardinals and grosbeaks.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Cardinalidae
Cardinals and grosbeaks are a family of passerine birds that are robust, seed-eating birds, with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages.
Blackbirds, meadowlarks, cowbirds, grackles and orioles.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Icteridae
The Icterids are a group of small to medium, often colourful passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the Blackbirds, meadowlarks, cowbirds, grackles and New World oriole. Most species have black as a predominant plumage colour, often enlivened by yellow, orange or red.
Finches.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Fringillidae
Finches are small to moderately large seed-eating passerine birds with a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have 12 tail feathers and nine primary flight feathers. Finches have a bouncing flight, alternating bouts of flapping with gliding on closed wings, and most sing well.
Old World sparrows.
Order: Passeriformes. Family: Passeridae
Old World sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or greyish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed-eaters, and they also consume small insects.

</doc>
<doc id="18561274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561274" title="East Main Street-Cherry Street Historic District">
East Main Street-Cherry Street Historic District

East Main Street—Cherry Street Historic District is a historic district at 215-270 and 35-73 Main, 2-16 Linden, 3-24 Ash, 26-73 Cherry, 6–19 May, and 8 Park Sts. in 
Spencer, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18561281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561281" title="Spencer Town Center Historic District">
Spencer Town Center Historic District

Spencer Town Center Historic District is a historic district on Main Street between High and North Streets in Spencer, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18561287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561287" title="Order of Christ (Brazil)">
Order of Christ (Brazil)

The Imperial Order of Our Lord Jesus Christ (), simply named Order of Christ, is an order of chivalry instituted by emperor Pedro I of Brazil on 7 December 1822, on the basis of the Portuguese Order of Christ founded by King Dom Dinis and Pope John XXII in 1316-1319. Knights of the Order of Christ were part of the untitled nobility of the Empire of Brazil. The order was awarded for exceptional services that resulted in notable and proven utility to religion (Roman Catholicism), to humanity and the state.
On 22 March 1890, the order was cancelled as national order by the interim government of United States of Brazil.
However, since the deposition in 1889 of the last Brazilian monarch, Emperor Pedro II, the order is claimed as an house order being awarded by the Heads of the House of Orleans-Braganza, pretenders to the defunct throne of Brazil. The current Brazilian Imperial Family is split into two branches Petrópolis and Vassouras, and the Grand Mastership of the Order is disputed between those two branches.
Origin.
After the Independence of Brazil emperor Dom Pedro I continued his inherent authority as the “fount of honors” transmitted by his father King Dom João VI of Portugal. His right extended to conferring titles of nobility and also the three ancient Portuguese orders of chivalry: Order of Christ, Order of Aviz and the Order of Saint James of the Sword. Dom Pedro I became the first Grand Master of the Brazilian branch of the Order of Christ. According to historian Roderick J. Barman, Dom Pedro I stated in a decree that his right originated in: “Sovereign Kings my Predecessors, … and especially by my August and Sovereign Father D. João VI.” After the death of his father, Dom Pedro I also became the Grand Master of the Portuguese Order of Christ as King Pedro IV of Portugal.
Description of the Order of Christ in the "Almanak Laemmert", court almanac published in 1889:
"Created by King Dom Dinis, in 1316. Preserved as a Brazilian order by the law of October 20, 1823. Regulated by decree n. 321 of September 9, 1843. Also decree n. 2853 of December 7, 1861. This order has 12 Grand crosses (treatment of Excellency), not included in these numbers the members of the Imperial family and the princes and foreign citizens; Commanders and Knights are without a set number. The Emperor is the Grand Master; the heir of the Crown is the Major-Commander." 
Reform of 1843.
In 1834 the Portuguese Order of Christ was reformed by the Liberal government of Portugal and Queen Maria II (sister of Emperor Dom Pedro II). The order lost its military prerogatives with the reform and became a national order. As such the Brazilian branch of the Order of Christ was the only branch that maintained its military status. In 1843 the Brazilian branch was also reformed by Emperor Dom Pedro II and became a national order with decree N. 2853. As such the Order of Christ ended its existence as a military order both in Portugal and Brazil; however the order remained highly regarded by the nobility of Brazil and Portugal as a result of its importance to history and the prestige that it provided to knights. Members of all Brazilian orders of knighthood were part of the untitled nobility regardless of grade, depending on the knight's grade they also received military honors, salutes and honorific styles.
Admission.
It was considered relevant and extraordinary services for admittance into all imperial orders after 1861 the following services:
Basically all services that resulted in notable and proven utility to religion, to humanity and the state, that were provided during public, ecclesiastical or military functions; be it in science, letters, arts or industry.
Forms of Admission.
There were two ways to be admitted to the Order of Christ after the reform of 1861, they were:
Requirements for admission.
If filing a petition, the following requirements had to be completed:
Loss of Knighthood.
Membership into the order was given for life, however, members could be expelled from the order if: a member lost his Brazilian citizenship for breaking articles 2, 3 or 7 of the Imperial constitution; if guilty of a criminal offence; if the individual lost his post in the Guarda Nacional as a result of a criminal offence; and if the individual committed a political crime that resulted in the loss of political rights.
Grades.
The Order of Christ was issued in three grades:
The order had a limit of 12 Grand Crosses, not included in this numbers the members of the Brazilian Imperial Family (grand crosses) and the princes and foreign citizens. There was no maximum numbers set for Commanders and Knights.
Insignia.
The insignia were basically the same as the Portuguese Order of the same name, with the addition of a stylized Imperial Crown of Brazil to the badge and a different ribbon to distinguish it from the Portuguese Order.

</doc>
<doc id="18561291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561291" title="Grove Street School">
Grove Street School

Grove Street School is a historic school at 23 Grove Street in Spencer, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1876. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18561296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561296" title="Pleasant Street School (Ayer, Massachusetts)">
Pleasant Street School (Ayer, Massachusetts)

Pleasant Street School is a historic school on Pleasant Street in Ayer, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1893 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18561297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561297" title="Pseudovates peruviana">
Pseudovates peruviana

Pseudovates peruviana, common name Peruvian stick mantis, is a medium-sized species of praying mantis native to South America.
It takes its name from its slender, twig-like body, often dark brown in coloration, with two dark markings on its wings. Females can also have green forewings, mottled to mimic dying leaves." 
This species, like many other mantids, can be kept as a pet.

</doc>
<doc id="18561299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561299" title="Sterling Center Historic District">
Sterling Center Historic District

Sterling Center Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Meetinghouse Hill and Main, Maple and Kendall Hill, Boulding, Worcester and Princeton Street in 
Sterling, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18561304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561304" title="West Sutton Historic District">
West Sutton Historic District

West Sutton Historic District is a historic district on Central Turnpike, Douglas, Town Farm, West Sutton Roads in Sutton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18561305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561305" title="Animo Locke Technology High School">
Animo Locke Technology High School

Animo Locke Technology High School is a public high school in Los Angeles, California, USA. The school opened on September 4, 2007 and is part of the Green Dot Public Schools.
Issues.
In May 2008, Animo Locke was one of several schools cancelling field trips because of the cost of transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="18561308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561308" title="Waters Farm">
Waters Farm

Waters Farm is a historic farm at 53 Waters Road in Sutton, Massachusetts.
The Georgian style farmhouse was built in 1757 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. 
Waters Farms Preservation maintains the farm. The property features of protected watershed land donated to the town by Dorothea Waters Moran in 1974. The main house was built in the mid- to late 18th century and was also donated to the town. Most outbuildings were donated or constructed on site after the town received the property, including a blacksmith shop, shingle mill, barn, wagon shed and sugar house.
Waters Farms is open to the public for special events.

</doc>
<doc id="18561314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561314" title="Freegrace Marble Farm Historic District">
Freegrace Marble Farm Historic District

Freegrace Marble Farm Historic District is a historic district at 80 Burbank Road in Sutton, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18561317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561317" title="Dru">
Dru

Dru (Andrew Grange) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and dancer. He is also a solo artist who grew up in Toronto and has passionately pursued his music career since 1993. The R&B/Soul Juno Award and MuchMusic Video Award (MMVA)winner’s major influences include Marvin Gaye, Donnie Hathaway, Stevie Wonder, D’Angelo and Jay-Z.
Dru released his solo, debut album The One in 2008, and the album was rated 3.5 out of 4 stars by the The Toronto Star. He was also named Emerging Artist of the Month" by Canada's #1 CHR/Top 40 station, CHUM FM. Dru's first three singles "The One", "Stay with Me (Always)" and "Seasons" received strong rotation nationally, with videos for all three songs appearing on all major media outlets.
In 2009, Dru topped the radio and video charts in both Canada & the UK as the featured artist on the hit single “Runnin” by renowned DJs Doman & Gooding. The single earned Dru yet another Juno Award nomination in 2010 for “Dance Recording of The Year.” Dru has been identified by Billboard Magazine as "One of the most important emerging Canadian artists" and his success to date reinforces why he deserves such high praise.
Before becoming a solo artist, Dru was the front man for the R&B group In Essence. The group released the critically acclaimed album "The Master Plan" with hit songs such as "You'll Never Find," which was also featured on Funkmaster Flex's gold release
"60 Minutes of Funk Vol. 4", and quickly became a club anthem in New York, Atlanta and Toronto.
Dru has gained international recognition as a force in the industry both as a performer and songwriter. He has written such hits for other foreign recording artists as multiplatinum Korean boy band TVXQ! who covered his song "Stay With Me (Always)". Dru's 2010 single "Flash," performed by Japanese superstar Crystal Kay, was featured in a Japanese TV commercial for Canon’s latest camera. Maintaining his drive and humility, Dru is poised to introduce a new brand and style to the R&B world.
Dru's latest single "Gettin It In," from his forthcoming album On The Brink, went to radio in August 2011 and is available on iTunes worldwide. The video for "Gettin It In" was serviced to all major TV and online outlets in mid-August.
Gettin It In has proven to be one of his most successful singles to date. It has been on the iTunes Top 100 for about 4 months, and has been between 1 and 5 on the R&B Canada chart for the last 2 months. On The Brink was released in Canada on November 29, 2011.
On a February 26 episode of 'Tim & Sid' on Sportsnet 590 The Fan, show co-host Sid Seixeiro confirmed that he attended St. Francis Xavier high school with Dru.

</doc>
<doc id="18561324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561324" title="Sutton Center Historic District">
Sutton Center Historic District

Sutton Center Historic District is a historic district roughly on Boston Road, Singletary Ave., and Uxbridge Road in Sutton, Massachusetts.
The village was built in 1719 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18561332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561332" title="Torgut Oirat">
Torgut Oirat

Torgut (also known as Torghut or Torghud) is a dialect of the Oirat language spoken in Xinjiang, in western Mongolia and in eastern Kalmykia (where it was the basis for Kalmyk, the literary standard language of that region). Thus, it has more speakers than any other variety of Oirat. It is better researched than any other Oirat variety spoken in China.
Distribution.
The Torgut dialect is spoken in Russia in Eastern Kalmykia, in Bulgan sum in Khovd Province in Mongolia and in the Chinese autonomous region of Xinjiang, mainly in three separate areas in its north-western part. Sečenbaγatur et al. give an exhaustive list of the areas of Xinjiang where Oirat (in many cases Torgut) is spoken that also includes some places in north-eastern Xinjiang: the autonomous prefectures of Bayangol and Bortala, the counties Hoboksar and Dörbiljin and the city of Wusu in Tacheng Prefecture, the counties Küriye, Tekes and Nilka in the Ili Prefecture, the prefectures Altay, Hamil and Changji and Xinjiang's capital city, Ürümqi. To some degree, this distribution can be associated with the history of the Torgut tribe, one of the four crucial members of the clan federation "Dörben Oirat".
Grammar.
Phonology.
Torgut has the vowel phonemes and that may be short or long. When appearing in the first syllable of a word, these vowels determine the vowel harmony class, e.g. Written Mongolian "talbiγun", Khalkha-Mongolian <talbiun>, but Torgut 'broad'. However, , , and in a non-initial syllable are neutral vowels. /oː/, and /eː/ never appear in any but the first syllable of a word. The consonant system consists of the phonemes .
Nominal system.
Most of the plural forms of Torgut are common Mongolian, "-mu:d" is normal Oirat, but "-sud" seems to be somewhat peculiar. The case system is standard Oirat which differs from Mongolian in lacking an allative and retaining the old comitative case, that is, it is rather conservative. In contrast to Middle Mongolian and Southern Mongolian and in agreement with Khalkha, the accusative case always has "-g", not "-i". The reflexive-possessive retains "-n", thus "-aan".
The pronominal forms are not substantially different from Khalkha. The first person singular pronoun stem is "nam-" ~ "nan-", next to the standard Mongolian first person plural there is also a variant in "ma-", namely "madan", "madnu:s" (both nominative), and the third person singular accusative is peculiar in that it is based on the regular stem "yy/n-" (proximal, distal is "tyy/n-"), thus inflecting as "yyg" compared to Written Mongolian <egün-i>, Standard Khalkha <üünijg>.
Verbal system.
The old voluntative "-su:" ~ "-s" is retained in Oirat, while the new voluntative "-ja" (at least in Xinjiang Torgut) rather tends to indicate a plural subject. Like in all Oirat varieties, the converb "-xla:" is quite common. As is common to all Oirat dialects except for Alasha, participles and finite verbal suffixes can inflect for first and second person and for number; in case it is present, these inflections follow a modal particle. Else, the formal inventory is what would be expected from a Mongolian variety, though it is not clear to what degree the functions are the same.

</doc>
<doc id="18561343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561343" title="Oliver Wight House">
Oliver Wight House

The Oliver Wight House is a historic house located on Main Street (U.S. Route 20) in Sturbridge, Massachusetts. Built in the 1780s, the house was first occupied by local cabinet maker Oliver Wight and his family. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The Georgian style dwelling was operated as a motor lodge by Old Sturbridge Village until 2006.
History.
Oliver Wight was born in Medway, Massachusetts on September 27, 1765. He married Harmony Child in Sturbridge on July 5, 1786, and they had eleven children, ten of whom survived to adulthood. Portraits of Oliver and Harmony Wight, attributed to the Beardsley Limner, can be found in the collections of The Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum at Colonial Williamsburg. Oliver Wight died in Sturbridge on October 22, 1837.
Oliver Wight acquired his property in Sturbridge from his father, David Wight, and built his house near those of his father and his brothers, David Jr. and Alpheus. In addition to the house, he constructed a sizable shop on the property, where he engaged in his craft.
A cabinet maker by trade, Oliver Wight made chairs, tables, chests of drawers, bedsteads, and other wood furniture. He created pieces on commission and sold his work locally. Despite his abilities, he struggled with insolvency for much of his life. An article in the Massachusetts Spy in September, 1793, advertised a public auction of his finished pieces and household goods, as he had “absconded.” His Sturbridge farm was offered for sale in 1795. In 1802, Oliver Wight was declared a bankrupt.
Ebenezer Howard, another cabinet maker, bought the property from Oliver Wight and operated it as a tavern. He resided there until his death. Thereafter, George Wight, great grand-nephew of Oliver Wight, occupied the house. It remained in the family until A. B. Wells purchased it in 1937.
The Oliver Wight House underwent major renovation of its heating and plumbing systems in 1948, in preparation for becoming a sales and visitor center for Old Sturbridge Village. In 1950, Wells and his associates decided to make the Oliver Wight House into a motor lodge, and had several motel units built. It continued in this capacity until 2006, when it was closed to the public. The Oliver Wight House served as temporary office space for the town of Sturbridge while the town hall underwent renovations in 2009. In November, 2012, Old Sturbridge Village president James Donahue announced that the Oliver Wight House was being renovated in preparation for reopening as lodging in June, 2013.
Art and Architecture.
The original portion of the Oliver Wight House is a five bay Georgian style dwelling with a hipped-gable roof. An ell at the rear of the house was added later. It has two internal chimneys and clapboard facing. Each of the exterior doors are flanked by pilasters and topped with an entablature. An early twentieth-century account of the house describes its layout as a tavern with a bar room and a dance hall, as well as diamond pane windows. All of these features were gone by 1937.
The walls of the first floor hall are decorated with a mural in muted tones created by noted American folk artist Rufus Porter. These were likely painted during Ebenezer Howard’s ownership. Motifs include rolling hills dotted with houses, a windmill, a steamboat on a river, and a variety of vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="18561349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561349" title="Sawyer Homestead (Sterling, Massachusetts)">
Sawyer Homestead (Sterling, Massachusetts)

Sawyer Homestead is an historic house at 108 Maple Street in Sterling, Massachusetts.
The home was built in 1756 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18561355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561355" title="Sun Open Storage">
Sun Open Storage

Sun Open Storage was an open source computer data storage platform developed by Sun Microsystems. Sun Open Storage was advertised as avoiding vendor lock-in.
Background.
In 2006, under the direction of then CEO Jonathan I. Schwartz, Sun began releasing their software as open source. This was seen by many as a way to compete with the rise of competing open source platforms, primarily Linux.
The move to create storage products based on software personalities, running on standard hardware are also part of a broader move within the system and storage industries. Companies including Dell, EMC, HP, IBM, NetApp and numerous smaller vendors all have been moving towards storage products based upon standard server hardware and customized software.
Sun's Open Storage products are a combination of their server technologies and customized software. Many of the features of these products reside within the core Solaris. Additional storage specific features have been added to create a complete integrated product. Core features provided by Solaris include the operating environment, the ZFS file-system, an analytics tool based on Dtrace, the Network File System (NFS) and CIFS protocol interfaces and other core features.
Statements by Sun around their Open Storage products indicated that products based on common hardware and open source Solaris, would remove vendor lock-in for customers.
In 2008 Sun estimated that open storage products and related services would gain 12 percent of the storage market by 2011. Storage solutions from other vendors are closed systems, in which all the components must come from the vendor.
However, by around July 2010, after Oracle had acquired Sun, it used the "Unified Storage" brand instead of "OpenStorage".
Technologies.
At the storage protocol layer, OpenSolaris supported SCSI, iSCSI, iSNS, Fibre Channel, FCoE, InfiniBand, RDMA, Object storage device, and SAS.

</doc>
<doc id="18561356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561356" title="Ciencias Sevilla CR">
Ciencias Sevilla CR

Ciencias Club de Rugby (known as Ciencias Fundación Cajasol for sponsorship reasons) is a Spanish rugby team based in Seville, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="18561357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561357" title="World Artistic Gymnastics Championships">
World Artistic Gymnastics Championships

The World Artistic Gymnastics Championships are the World Championships for artistic gymnastics. They have been held since 1903.
Editions.
"Note:"
All-time medal count.
"Notes:"

</doc>
<doc id="18561366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561366" title="Kenneth Scott (courtier)">
Kenneth Scott (courtier)

Sir Kenneth Bertram Adam Scott, KCVO CMG (1931 - ) was the Deputy Private Secretary to Queen Elizabeth II between 1990 and 1996.
Career.
Born on 23 January 1931, he was educated at George Watson's College, Edinburgh (Governor 1997 – ) and the University of Edinburgh, where he graduated with an MA (Hons).
After university Scott joined the Diplomatic Service and served in posts including Moscow, Bonn, Washington and Brussels. He was Ambassador to Yugoslavia in 1982-5.
He was the Queen's Assistant Private Secretary 1985-90 and Deputy Private Secretary 1990-6, during which time he mostly lived in an apartment in St James's Palace. In 1996, after retirement from the Royal Household, he spent nine months in Sarajevo as Chairman of the Provisional Election Commission which organised the first democratic elections in Bosnia after the 1992-5 war. He remains an Extra Equerry to the Queen. He was made a KCVO in 1990, and a CMG in 1980.
In 2010 he was author of the book "St James' Palace: A History", by Scala Publishers (ISBN 9781857596595, ISBN 978-1-85759-659-5).
He now lives in Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="18561367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561367" title="Aillarehue">
Aillarehue

Aillarehue or Ayllarehue (from the (mapudungun: ayllarewe/ayjarewe: " nine rehues"); a confederation of rehues or familiar clans (lof) that dominated a region or province. It was the old administrative and territorial division of the Mapuche, Huilliche and the extinct Picunche people. Aillarehue acted as a unit only on special festive, religious, political and especial military occasions. Several aillarehues formed the Butalmapu, the largest military and political organization of the Mapuche.
Etymology.
Each Mapuche lof, levo or "caví" (lineage) celebrated its religious rituals at a unique rehue or rewe ("altar"), near the home of a local lonko, Ulmen or cacique, often the word "rehue" was used with the sense of party or clan ("I am from this rehue"), in a way similar to the old form of Christian administrative allegiance to parishes. Although aillarehue ment "nine altars" these confederations did not necessarily conform to this number of rehues. 
The name of many of these aillarehue confederations have remained in the present toponymy of the southern regions of Chile.
List of known Mapuche Butalmapu, their aillarehues and their known member rehues.
"Picunmapu".
Although it is known the Picunche had many aillarehues in the central zone of Chile, like those of Codegua, Vichuquén and Rapel most of their names are unknown. The following list is reconstructed from the listing of the aillarehues of the Moluche and Huilliche between the Itata River and Reloncaví Sound, due to the work of Ricardo E. Latcham in the 1920s. Five Butalmapu were known to the Spanish at the beginning of the 18th century. Add to them the one in the region between the Itata and Bio Bio Rivers, that existed at the early part of the Conquest of Chile. With this one six are known to have existed. One is thought to have existed among the Picunche to the north of the Itata River, at the beginning of the conquest. It is thought to have extended from the Limari to the Mataquito Rivers. The Picunche of the region of the Maule River valley may have been a separate Butalmapu or an aillarehue allied with the Cauquenes aillarehue and aillarehue of the northern Moluche Butalmapu at the time of the Inca invasion of Chile and at the Battle of the Maule.
Butalmapu between the Itata and Bio Bio Rivers.
The Butalmapu of Moluche aillarehues located between the coast and the foothills of the Andes between the Itata River and Bio Bio River.
"Lafkenmapu".
The Butalmapu of Moluche aillarehues located between the coast and the Nahuelbuta Range between the Bio Bio River and the Toltén River, (from north to south):
"Lelfünmapu".
The Butalmapu of Moluche aillarehues located in the Chilean Central Valley and between the Bio Bio River and the Toltén River:
"Ina piremapu".
The Butalmapu of Moluche aillarehues located in the zone of the foothills of the Andes between the Bio Bio River and the Toltén River:
"Piren mapu".
The Butalmapu of Pehuenche aillarehues located in the zone of the Andes cordillera between the Itata and the Toltén Rivers:
"Willimapu".
The Butalmapu of Huilliche and Cuncos aillarehues located in between the Toltén River and the Bueno River:
"Chawra kawin".
The Butalmapu of Huilliche and Cuncos aillarehues located between the Bueno River and the Reloncaví Sound:

</doc>
<doc id="18561368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561368" title="Stephen Hastings House">
Stephen Hastings House

Stephen Hastings House is a historic house at 20 Squareshire Road in Sterling, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1794 and added to the National Historic Register in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18561369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561369" title="Iva Ropati">
Iva Ropati

Iva Lewis Ropati is a former rugby league international player and High School Principal.
Playing career.
Early years.
He grew up playing for the Otahuhu Leopards before moving to the Te Atatu Roosters where he won a Fox Memorial premiership. He later played for the Mangere East Hawks before moving to England. During the 1991 season Iva was able to twice line up alongside four of his brothers for Mangere East in the Auckland Rugby League competition. Iva played alongside Joe, John, Peter and Tea.
Professional career.
When he moved to England, Ropati played for the Sheffield Eagles, Featherstone Rovers and Oldham. He still holds the Sheffield Eagles club record for most tries in a season. In 1994 he moved to Australia to play for the Parramatta Eels in the NSWRL premiership. He finished his career with the new Auckland Warriors in 1996 and 1997. In 1998 he returned to the Auckland Rugby League competition, playing with the Manurewa Marlins. As an import player, he represented Taranaki in the 1998 National Provincial Competition.
Representative career.
In 1993 Ropati was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis and played in four test matches.
Later years.
He was Principal at the recently renamed One Tree Hill College. But is now Principal at Howick College, East Auckland. In 2009 he was one of six New Zealanders awarded a Sir Peter Blake emerging leadership award.
In 2009 he was appointed to the new Counties Manukau Zone board after the restructuring of the New Zealand Rugby League. He was nominated to serve on the New Zealand Rugby League board in 2012 as an independent director.
Family.
His family is famous in rugby league circles and includes brothers Joe, Peter, Tea and Romi.

</doc>
<doc id="18561386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561386" title="Alcobendas Rugby">
Alcobendas Rugby

Club Alcobendas Rugby is a Spanish rugby team based in Alcobendas, Spain.
History.
The club was established in 2003 by rugby fans from Alcobendas town playing its first ever season in División de Honor by occupying the Moraleja's seat 
Other past teams from Alcobendas includes Teca Rugby Club (1972–1990) , Club España Urogallos (1979–1990), Alcobendas Rugby Club (1990–1999) , Club de Rugby La Moraleja–El Soto (1990–1999), Moraleja Alcobendas Rugby Unión (1999–2003), Club Alcobendas Rugby (2003– ).

</doc>
<doc id="18561447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561447" title="Operation Testament">
Operation Testament

Operation Testament is the Australian Defence Force (ADF) contribution to World Youth Day 2008 (WYD08), a Catholic youth festival attended by Pope Benedict XVI held from 15 to 20 July 2008 in Sydney, Australia. 
The ADF provided personnel and equipment, drawn from the Army, Navy and Air Force in support of WYD08 objectives in specialist and niche capabilities. The ADF carried out the logistics for an international ‘Military Pilgrims’ program as well as security support to the NSW Police Force for the event. 
Up to 370 ADF personnel were involved in Operation Testament. The ADF stated that its "...involvement in WYD08 is symbolic of the faith, across all religions, that guides its people in Australia and overseas." 

</doc>
<doc id="18561448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561448" title="Mary Francis">
Mary Francis

Mary Francis, CBE LVO, is senior independent director of Centrica plc (having joined the Board in 2004) and a non-executive director of Swiss Re, the global reinsurance group, and of Ensco plc, a global provider of offshore drilling services to the petroleum industry. She formerly held senior positions in the City of London, HM Treasury and the Royal Household.
She was Private Secretary to the Prime Minister (with responsibility for Domestic and Economic Affairs) 1992-95; and Deputy Private Secretary to Queen Elizabeth II February–June 1999, having been Assistant Private Secretary 1996-99.
She was educated at James Allen's Girls' School, Dulwich, London, and Newnham College, University of Cambridge, where she obtained an MA. She joined HM Treasury and became a senior civil servant, holding the post of Financial Counsellor at the British Embassy in Washington, DC 1990-92.
She was Director-General of the Association of British Insurers 1999-2005 and a member of the Court of the Bank of England 2001-2007. She has also been a non-executive director of St Modwen Properties Plc, Alliance & Leicester plc, Cable & Wireless Communications plc and Aviva plc.
She is Chairman of the Board of Governors of James Allen's Girls' School and senior advisor to Chatham House, and an ambassador for the Almeida Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="18561463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561463" title="Seawing">
Seawing

Seawing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18561471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561471" title="Order of Pedro I">
Order of Pedro I

The Imperial Order of Dom Pedro I () is a Brazilian order of chivalry instituted by Emperor Pedro I of Brazil on 16 April 1826. 
On 22 March 1890, the order was cancelled as national order by the interim government of United States of Brazil.
The Order of Pedro I as House Order.
Since the deposition in 1889 of the last Brazilian monarch, Emperor Pedro II, the order continues as a house order being awarded by the Heads of the House of Orleans-Braganza, pretenders to the defunct throne of Brazil. The current Brazilian Imperial Family is split into two branches Petrópolis and Vassouras, and the Grand Mastership of the Order is disputed between those two branches.

</doc>
<doc id="18561474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561474" title="United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1908">
United States Senate election in South Carolina, 1908

The 1908 South Carolina United States Senate election was a Democratic Party primary election held on August 25, 1908 and September 8 to select the U.S. Senator from the state of South Carolina. Prior to the ratification of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution, U.S. Senators were elected by the state legislature and not through the direct election by the people of the state. However, the Democratic Party of South Carolina organized primary elections for the U.S. Senate beginning in 1896 and the General Assembly would confirm the choice of the Democratic voters. Democrat Ellison D. Smith won the Democratic primary and was elected by the General Assembly for a six-year term.
Democratic primary.
Ellison D. Smith, an official in the Cotton Association and often called "Cotton Ed", entered the Democratic primary but found himself in early trouble when he promised that cotton would rise to eighteen cents and it did not occur. However, his rhetorical skills allowed him to take command of the stump and attract voters to his campaign. Former Governor John Gary Evans was making his fourth straight attempt for the Senate seat and received the private support of Senator Ben Tillman. The tide of Tillmanism had receded in the state and the public endorsement by Tillman would doom a candidate's prospects. Smith and Evans emerged as the top two candidates were to face each other in a runoff election on September 8. Evans once again failed to carry the day and Smith scored a resounding victory.

</doc>
<doc id="18561483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561483" title="2000–01 Maltese Second Division">
2000–01 Maltese Second Division

The Maltese Second Division 2000-01 (known as Rothmans Second Division 2000-01 due to sponsorship reasons) started on 16 September 2000 and ended on 14 May 2000.In this season the number of participants was dropped from 13 to 12.Gzira United and Zebbug Rangers were relegated from the First Division,while Balzan Youths and Luqa St.Andrews were promoted from the Third.The league was won by Mqabba and Balzan Youths finished as runners-up.Both were promoted to the Maltese First Division 2001-02.This was two straight promotions for Balzan Youths.Santa Lucia and Siggiewi were relegated to the Maltese Third Division.
Participating Teams.
These teams contested the Maltese Second Division 2000-01:
2000-01 standings.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = PointsC = Champions; R = Relegated; RP = Relegation playoffs
Results.
For a complete set of results,see [http://www.maltafootball.com/archive/2000-01/resm2.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18561489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561489" title="Arrowslit">
Arrowslit

An arrowslit (often also referred to as an arrow loop or loop hole, and sometimes a balistraria) is a thin vertical aperture in a fortification through which an archer can launch arrows.
The interior walls behind an arrow loop are often cut away at an oblique angle so that the archer has a wide field of view and field of fire. Arrow slits come in a remarkable variety. A common and recognizable form is the cross. The thin vertical aperture permits the archer large degrees of freedom to vary the elevation and direction of his bowshot but makes it difficult for attackers to harm the archer since there is only a small target to aim at.
Balistraria can often be found in the curtain walls of medieval battlements beneath the crenellations.
History.
The invention of the arrowslit is attributed to Archimedes during the siege of Syracuse in 214–212 BC. Slits "of the height of a man and about a palm's width on the outside" allowed defenders to shoot bows and scorpions (an ancient siege engine) from within the city walls. Although used in late Greek and Roman defences, arrowslits were not present in early Norman castles. They are only reintroduced to military architecture towards the end of the 12th century, with the castles of Dover and Framlingham in England, and Richard the Lionheart's Château Gaillard in France. In these early examples, arrowslits were positioned to protect sections of the castle wall, rather than all sides of the castle. In the 13th century, it became common for arrowslits to be placed all around a castle's defences.
Design.
In its simplest form, an arrowslit was a thin vertical opening; however, the different weapons used by defenders sometimes dictated the form of arrowslits. For example, openings for longbowmen were usually tall and high to allow the user to shoot standing up and make use of the bow, while those for crossbowmen were usually lower down as it was easier for the user to shoot whilst kneeling to support the weight of the weapon. It was common for arrowslits to widen to a triangle at the bottom, called a fishtail, to allow defenders a clearer view of the base of the wall. Immediately behind the slit there was a recess called an embrasure; this allowed a defender to get close to the slit without being too cramped. The width of the slit dictated the field of fire, but the field of vision could be enhanced by the addition of horizontal openings; they allowed defenders to view the target before it entered range.
Usually, the horizontal slits were level, which created a cross shape, but less common was to have the slits off-set (called displaced traverse slots) as demonstrated in the remains of White Castle in Wales. This has been characterised as an advance in design as it provided attackers with a smaller target; however, it has also been suggested that it was to allow the defenders of White Castle to keep attackers in their sights for longer because of the steep moat surrounding the castle.
When an embrasure linked to more than one arrowslit (in the case of Dover Castle, defenders from three embrasures can shoot through the same arrowslit) it is called a "multiple arrowslit". Some arrowslits, such as those at Corfe Castle, had lockers nearby to store spare arrows and bolts; these were usually located on the right hand side of the slit for ease of access and to allow a rapid rate of fire.

</doc>
<doc id="18561499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561499" title="Leonidas Ralph Mecham">
Leonidas Ralph Mecham

Leonidas Ralph Mecham (born , in Murray, Utah) is the former Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, having served in that position from 1985 to 2006. He was appointed to the position by United States Chief Justice Warren Burger in July 1985.
Biography.
Ralph Mecham was born April 23, 1928, in Murray, Utah. He obtained his B.S. degree in political science from the University of Utah (1951); a Juris Doctor degree from George Washington University (1963), and a master's degree (in public administration) from Harvard University.
His initial government position was as a legislative assistant and administrative assistant to U.S. Senator Wallace F. Bennett, eventually becoming the Senator's chief of staff. After that, he served as vice president of, and taught constitutional law at, the University of Utah. He returned to Washington, resuming government service as a special assistant to the United States Secretary of Commerce. He was named head of the Administrative Office on July 15, 1985.
Mecham was the longest-serving Director of the Administrative Office, retiring after more than 20 years in April 2006. One of the principles that Mecham spearheaded during his lengthy tenure was court budget and management decentralization, permitting individual courts to set their own local policies and spending priorities within broad national guidelines.
Mecham's official papers are now housed at the University of Utah Marriott Library.
Personal life.
Mecham is married (wife Barbara) and has 5 children and 14 grandchildren. He is a Mormon.
Controversies.
In 2001, during his tenure as Director of the Administrative Office, the AO began monitoring the Internet communications of the judicial branch. Led by Ninth Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski, the Federal Judges Association, which represents about 85% of U.S. federal judges, adopted a resolution opposing the monitoring. Mecham accused Kozinski of having a "great interest in keeping pornography available to judges," saying that Kozinski was "advocating his passionate views that judges are free, undetected, to download pornography and Napster music on government computers in federal court buildings on government time even though some of the downloading may constitute felonies." 
Seven years later, on November 24, 2008, Mecham filed a formal ethics complaint in the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Philadelphia against now-Chief Judge Kozinski and two other judges, for their acts disabling the monitor.

</doc>
<doc id="18561517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561517" title="Dust Networks">
Dust Networks

Dust Networks, Inc. is a company specializing in the design and manufacture of wireless sensor networks for industrial applications including process monitoring, condition monitoring, asset management, Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) monitoring and power management. They are headquartered in Hayward, California.
Dust Networks works with industry and standards groups such as WirelessHART, IETF, ISA, and WINA to help drive the adoption of interoperable wireless sensor networking products.
Company history.
In 1997, Kristofer S. J. Pister, a professor of electrical engineering and computer sciences at the University of California, Berkeley, conceived of and started the Smart Dust project with DARPA funding.
Smart Dust.
The Smart Dust project attempted to demonstrate that a complete sensor/communication system could be made of sensors one cubic millimeter in size. This involved advances in miniaturization, integration, and energy management. The project focus was independent of any particular sensor, and looked at both commercial and military applications including:
The project led to the founding of Dust Networks, to provide commercial applications of the above.
Technology.
Wireless sensor networks attempt to increase transmission reliability and quickly adapt should the transmission fail and automatically route around failed links. This requires embedded networking intelligence that establishes, maintains and utilizes redundant multi-hop routing from source to destination.
Dust implements full-mesh networks, sometimes referred to as ‘mesh-to-the-edge’, which provides redundant routing to the edge of the network. In a full-mesh network every device has the same routing capabilities and is able to ‘decide’ where it belongs in the routing structure based on what other nodes it can communicate with, its proximity to the network gateway, and its traffic load. This allows for self-forming and self-healing. The multi-chip modules used to drive these networks are divided into 'gateways' and 'motes' (or mote modules). Gateways then tie back into larger networks used to make decisions within large industrial plants (oil refineries, chemical plants, produce facilities, etc.).
The company has evolved from using a proprietary protocol called TSMP (Time Synchronized Mesh Protocol), to Wireless HART to launching an Internet Protocol-based initiative, in support of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), focused on the use of IP networking in urban infrastructure, building automation, utility metering, and other wireless sensor networking applications.

</doc>
<doc id="18561525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561525" title="Matt's Million">
Matt's Million

"Matt's Million" was a children's programme broadcast in 1996 on CiTV. It was written by author Andrew Norriss who had created many children's shows such as "Bernard's Watch" and "Woof!". It starred Peter England as Matt and Claire Parfitt as Claire. Only four episodes were produced. Windsor Davies also appeared, as did Alan Halsall, who later become famous for his role as Tyrone Dobbs in "Coronation Street".
Synopsis.
The story was about a boy called Matt Collins, who became a millionaire at the age of 11. After developing a successful computer game, which sold heavily in the Far East, Matt receives a cheque for just over £1.25 million from his family solicitors. Upon the initial reaction of shock, Matt carefully purchases some select goods, namely two bikes and a rented Rolls Royce, driven by his own personal chauffeur, Henry. As the series progresses, he later discovers money makes life harder than you think.

</doc>
<doc id="18561535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561535" title="Rundu Airport">
Rundu Airport

Rundu Airport is an airport serving Rundu, the capital of the Kavango Region in Namibia. The airport is about southwest of the center of Rundu.
It is served four times weekly by an Air Namibia flight on the route Windhoek Eros – Rundu – Katima Mulilo – Windhoek Eros.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 08/26 with an asphalt surface measuring . It also has a secondary runway measuring that is designated 18/36. As of May 2012, satellite photography shows this secondary runway as disrepaired and marked unusable.

</doc>
<doc id="18561556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561556" title="Al Gordon (1950s)">
Al Gordon (1950s)

Al Gordon was an American penciler-inker active in the 1950s when writer-artist credits were not routinely given, making a full bibliography difficult to compile. His earliest known credits are a story each in Trojan Comics' "Attack!" #6 and "Beware" #14 (both March 1953).
Other work includes Lev Gleason Publications' "Crime Does Not Pay" and "Daredevil"; Toby Comics' "Monty Hall of the U.S. Marines", "Ramar of the Jungle" and "Tales of Horror"; and, for Marvel Comics' 1950s forerunner, Atlas Comics, stories in at least one issue each of "Battle Action", "Two-Gun Kid", "Western Outlaws", "Wild Western", and, with his final known credit, "Western Kid" #17 (Aug. 1957).

</doc>
<doc id="18561563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561563" title="On the Turntable 2">
On the Turntable 2

On the Turntable 2 is a second Mix album released by Biz Markie. It was the follow-up to 1998's On the Turntable.

</doc>
<doc id="18561586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561586" title="Ovarian disease">
Ovarian disease

Ovarian diseases can be classified as endocrine disorders or as a disorders of the reproductive system.
If the egg fails to release from the follicle in the ovary an ovarian cyst may form. Small ovarian cysts are common in healthy women. Some women have more follicles than usual (polycystic ovary syndrome), which inhibits the follicles to grow normally and this will cause cycle irregularities. 
Other conditions include:

</doc>
<doc id="18561595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561595" title="Steve Titmus">
Steve Titmus

Steve Titmus is a Tasmanian journalist/news presenter turned strategic corporate communications consultant, specialising in stakeholder engagement. He has advised clients from finance, tourism, sport, government, civil construction and not for profits. He has operated his own private business since 1997, been Northern Tasmanian Manager of Tasmania's most successful full service agency Corporate Communications (Tas.) Pty Ltd. 
Titmus presented the weekday news on Southern Cross Television from 1997 to 2002. During that time he anchored the news to record ratings success. His average audience figures have not been passed since. 
Titmus began his career as a cadet journalist at The Examiner newspaper (1979–1984). He worked as a general and sports journalist at TAS-TV (now WIN) from November 1984 to November 1988 before moving to Channel Seven Adelaide (1988 to November 1991) as a sports reporter/presenter. He moved back to Tasmania to take up the role as sports editor/presenter with Southern Cross in 1992. In 1997, he moved into the news anchor role.
He won Tasmania's cricket's journalist of the year on three occasions and Tasmanian football's electronic journalist of the year on three occasions.
He produced documentaries on Targa Tasmania and won an MBF Health and Well Being Award for a documentary on the Australian Three Peaks Race .
Titmus has also been involved in voluntary charity work. He has raised funds for numerous charities including the St Giles Society and Camp Quality for more than two decades. He continues to assist St Giles and has been awarded for his contribution. 
Titmus was an endorsed Federal Liberal Candidate for the seat of Bass at the 2010 Federal election.

</doc>
<doc id="18561599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561599" title="Strategic Marine">
Strategic Marine

History.
Strategic Marine had its origins in Geraldton Boat Builders Pty Ltd, a Western Australian based aluminium shipbuilder. The company incorporated in 2001. 
Since its incorporation, Strategic Marine has focussed on offshore crew boats and support vessels, as well as high-speed patrol boats for defence, police and coastguard use.
Operations.
Henderson, Western Australia 
Strategic Marine is based at the Australian Marine Complex located at Henderson, 23 km south of the Perth CBD.
Since 2001, the Henderson yard has produced over 100 patrol launches and seven crew-boats for a diverse range of clients.
The yard has recently undergone significant expansion, having taken on a number of senior employees with additional technical skills, particularly in steel shipbuilding. These skills will be employed to fit out the 99m floating dry dock on order from the Australian Marine Complex on delivery of its base pontoon from the company's Vietnam yard.
Strategic Marine is in the process of constructing a new 23x43m shed at the yard, and is also planning to build a new administration headquarters in the Henderson facility in the near future.
Mazatlán, Mexico.
Strategic Marine's facility in Mazatlán, on the west coast of Mexico, is a joint venture between Strategic Marine and Mexican company Servicios Navales E Industriales (SENI).
The joint venture was established following the awarding of a contract to deliver two 52m aluminium crew-boats to Blue Marine Shipping for its Pemex supply contract in the Gulf of Mexico.
Tuas, Singapore.
Strategic Marine's facility at Tuas in Singapore was established in 2005 following orders for the company's first two 40m crew-boats, Borcos Firdaus 1 and Borcos Firdaus 2 for Malaysian company Syarikat Borcos Shipping Sdn Bhd.
The yard also has orders from Dutch shipping company Smit International for three 22.1m crew/pilot vessels, as well as orders for four 31m crew boats from Indonesia's Baruna Raya Logistics. 
The Singapore yard recently embarked on the construction of six 40m crew-boats, two of which have already been sold to Pilbara-based marine services company Samson Maritime Pty Ltd.
The Tuas yard has a full-time management and shipbuilding staff of over 120.
Vung Tau, Vietnam.
Strategic Marine's facility at the Dong Xuyen Industrial Zone at Vung Tau in Vietnam was purchased in 2007, and now employs more than 1,100 staff including fabricators, welders, production supervisors and management staff.
The facility has manufactured the steel base pontoon of a floating dry dock for the Australian Marine Complex, and has won orders for two 143m Diving Support Vessels and one Well Stimulation Vessel from Singapore company Marfield Limited. 
The yard is also building a 23.9m compact tug from the Port of Napier in New Zealand.
The Vung Tau facility employs more than 1,100 staff.
Awards.
In 2007 Strategic Marine was awarded the Australian Chamber of Commerce Vietnam's "ANZ Business Excellence Award". 
In 2008 Strategic Marine's Managing Director, Mr Mark Newbold, was awarded the "WA Business News Rising Star Award" and the "Western Region Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year" award in the "products" category.
The Ernst and Young award citation reads:
When Mark Newbold established Strategic Marine in 2001, his ambitious goal was to build a global ship building company with manufacturing operations across the world. Seven years on, he is close to achieving that dream, with the company's shipyards employing almost 1,500 staff in Singapore, Vietnam, Mexico and Western Australia. While the ship building and maritime services provider currently fulfils over 125 orders worth over 210 million US dollars, Mark's plan is to further develop the business and take on the European market. 
While waiting to take on Europe, Strategic Marine's order book is bulging with 130 orders won over the past year worth over US$260 million. Today, this ship building and maritime service provider, which specialises in developing high speed aluminium patrol vessels and offshore service vessels, has a significant and ever growing international market share. 
Prior to establishing Strategic Marine in 2001, Mark was the Executive Director of Geraldton Boat Builders (GBB) and his experiences in that business convinced him that there was more opportunity for a business like Strategic Marine in Asia as opposed to Australia, provided the company had its own, more cost-effective shipyards overseas. In 2005 a Singapore shipyard was acquired and is developing the reputation of delivering vessels well ahead of schedule. The company also has a Vietnam shipyard, with over 1000 staff working to a full order book, including a $62 million contract for the Western Australian Government.
While Strategic Marine has traditionally focused on aluminium workboats and oilfield service vessels, the Vietnamese yard has also been chosen to spearhead the company's strategy of diversifying into steel-hulled ships. Mark's global strategy has also seen the development of new markets in the Americas, with Europe soon to follow. With next year's turnover predicted at over $150 million, Strategic Marine is well on the path to phenomenal global success. 
In October 2008 Strategic Marine won the "Large Advanced Manufacturer Export Award" category of the Western Australia Industry and Export Awards. 
Civilian and commercial vessels.
Strategic Marine designs and builds a range of civilian and commercial vessels, including: 
Civilian and commercial customers of Strategic Marine include Samson Maritime, Marfield, the Port of Napier, Blue Marine, Smit International, Baruna Raya Logistics, the Australian Marine Complex, Syarikat Borcos Shipping, Svitzer and EMAS Offshore.
Defence, police and coastguard vessels.
Strategic Marine designs and builds a range of defence, police and coastguard vessels, including
Defence, police and coastguard operators of Strategic Marine vessels include the Singapore Police Coast Guard, the Royal Malaysian Police, the Queensland Police, the Australian Defence Force, and fisheries protection units of the Queensland Government and Western Australian Government.
Some 186 defence, police and coastguard vessels have been built for Australia, Nigeria, Singapore and Malaysia .

</doc>
<doc id="18561602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561602" title="Khaled bin Sinan">
Khaled bin Sinan

Khaled bin Sinan al-`Abasi was (according to Islam) a revered figure of pre-Islamic Arabia who is thought to have lived sometime between the 1st and 7th century CE. Historical accounts narrate that he was one of a line of prophets sent to the Arab peoples, beginning with Ismā'īl and ending with Muhammad.
The name "Khaled" appears in the supplication of Ummi Dawud among a list of persons who the author asks (God) to be blessed; most of whom appear in the Qur`an as prophets. It is believed that this is in reference to Khaled bin Sinan.
He should not be confused with the companion of Prophet Muhammad of the same name, "Khalid ibn Sinan al-Awsi", who fought in the Battle of Badr.
Legacy.
Ibn 'Arabi included a short chapter on the "Wisdom of Resource in the Word of Khalid" in his famous "Fusoos al-Hikam" ("Bezels of Wisdom"), in which he gives an exegesis of the story of Khalid ibn Sinan, and his intention to bear witness to the truthfulness of the prophets' message after his death, from the Barzakh, an intermediate stage between death and Judgment Day in the Islamic worldview. Because his intention was to manifest this sign, but his body was never disinterred, and so his sign remained unfulfilled. Ibn 'Arabi concludes that sincere intention to perform a good deed, but being prevented by factors outside one's control, is the same as, and is rewarded equally as, carrying out that intention successfully.

</doc>
<doc id="18561617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561617" title="Pete Belcastro">
Pete Belcastro

Pete Belcastro is a longtime American television and radio personality who has worked as a sports commentator, news anchor and reporter and is running for political office. He is the former director at Rogue Valley Community Television and was football and basketball commentator for the Southern Oregon University on local radio. He resides in Ashland, Oregon.
Broadcasting career.
Belcastro spent time as a commentator, news anchor and reporter at KTVL Channel 10, a CBS television affiliate in Medford, Oregon before accepting a position as director of Rogue Valley Community Television, a Public-access television station based at Southern Oregon University in Ashland in 1989. While holding that position, he served as the play-by-play voice of the Southern Oregon University Raiders football, women's basketball and men's basketball teams for KTMT.
In 2004, he was the recipient of Ashland's James M. Ragland Memorial "Volunteer Spirit" Community Service Award, given to one citizen each year for making significant contributions to the community.
On August 9, 2007, Belcastro resigned as director at RVTV when his contract was not renewed. He works at John L. Scott Realty in Ashland.
Political aspirations.
Belcastro announced that he would be running for the Oregon State Representative seat in House District 5 as a member of the Independent Party. The seat is held by Democratic incumbent Peter Buckley of Ashland.
Personal.
Belcastro married Christine Ann Beeson, a long-time reporter/editor for the daily newspaper Herald and News, on April 22, 1978, in Klamath Falls, Ore. The couple has one son, Mark Richard, born Feb. 20, 1980. Mark Belcastro was one of the first U.S. Marines to enter Baghdad during the Iraqi Freedom campaign in April, 2003. Pete Belcastro was born Jan. 23, 1952, in Yreka, Calif., to Elmer and Jennie Belcastro. He has two sisters, Frances and Donna, both of whom continue to live in Klamath Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="18561628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561628" title="City Impact Church New Zealand">
City Impact Church New Zealand

City Impact Church is a nondenominational church of faith with pentecostal beliefs based in East Coast Bays, New Zealand.
Formerly known as Bays Christian Fellowship, it was founded in 1982 by current senior pastors Peter Mortlock and his wife Bev Mortlock. It has now grown to around 3000 extended members (as of mid-2008). It runs two Sunday services, one at 10 am and another at 6:30 pm . The church also holds regular Community Impact days to assist with a variety of social organisations, as they seek to put biblical principles into practice. 
The church also runs the television programme "Impact For Life" on TV channel Prime every Sunday morning at 9 am and TV3 on Tuesday mornings at 5:30 am, as well as on "Shine TV". Internationally, the "Impact for Life" programme has been screened regularly on the Australian Christian Channel, United Christian Broadcast in UK, Power Vision in India, Cook Islands TV in Rarotonga, World Harvest Broadcasting network in Fiji and Daavo Christian Bible Channel in the Philippines.
Peter Lineham, a Christian academic at Massey University states "City Impact is fundamentalist in doctrine which shows in its views of women and homosexuality, and is closer to Destiny Church than any other church."
Expansion of the Church.
In addition to the Auckland branch, CIC also built a new 1,800 seat campus in Mt. Wellington in 2010 (where there are now plans to expand the 1,800, to about 2,500 (add 500 additional seating due to the rapid growth of the church community), which CIC now has two Auckland campuses. Mt Wellington campus hosts services at 10am and 6.30pm on Sundays. City Impact Church also has a network of churches in the South Island of New Zealand. These are located in Queenstown, Invercargill, Balclutha, as well as overseas churches, City Impact Church Canada, in Moncton, Bathurst and Fredericton, and one in Tonga (that was recently rebuilt and developed in 2010 by teams formed by the Church.
City Impact Church Canada is based in Moncton and has two other locations in New Brunswick, Canada. The church's senior pastor Donny Legere has confirmed, that further locations in Canada are planned, but hasn't given any information to any date. The main church in Moncton has an 300-seat auditorium with attached auditorium for the youth and Sunday school services, and also a private Christian school (Rhema Academy). CIC Canada also offers different ministries like, Bridgehouse Ministries and the Gateway project. Executive pastor is Dave Maclean, youth pastor is Pat Steeves and woman's ministry director and member of the pastoral leadership team is Dr. Tiffany Legere (TH.D).
In 2011, City Impact Church earned a revenue of $10,000,000 - roughly $6.9 million of that coming directly from tithes. Because the church is registered as a charity, all of its profits are tax-free.
City Impact Church School.
CIC founded City Impact Church School in 2004, where subjects include History, Geography and Doctrine, Language, Mathematics, Science, Art, Music, Drama, PE, and Kingdom Building, and teaches Years 0 through to 13 (Primary, Intermediate and Secondary school). The school was temporarily closed in 2005 by the Ministry of Education because it was not a registered educational institution.
Opposition to same-sex marriage.
Enough Is Enough rally.
City Impact Church regularly works alongside Brian Tamaki's Destiny Church. In 2004 they jointly organised the first of the Enough Is Enough rallies protesting against the legalisation of civil unions in New Zealand and promoting "traditional family values." The protesters' all-black clothing drew unfavourable comparisons with the all-black uniforms of the Nazi Schutzstaffel and the rise of fascism in pre-World War II Europe. Wellington newspaper "The Dominion Post" reported the protest under the headline "Black shirts take to the Streets" while "The Christchurch Press" and other newspapers used "March arouses Nazi fears." A subsequent editorial in "The New Zealand Herald" pointed out that "for all the fear and loathing march aroused in liberal discussion" the church had done nothing to suggest "that its intentions are other than law-abiding and democratic."
Poll controversy.
In January 2013 "The New Zealand Herald" reported that pastor Peter Mortlock had attempted to manipulate a same-sex marriage poll. The poll was set up on the website of MP Murray McCully, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, in reference to Louisa Wall's Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Act 2013, and asked "Do you support or oppose the proposed legislation that would make it possible for same sex couples to marry?" Mortlock emailed his congregation stating "Since we are able to vote as many times as we like, I'd encourage you to place your votes and keep checking back." The multiple votes were spotted by the McCully staff and were removed.

</doc>
<doc id="18561629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561629" title="Order of the Rose">
Order of the Rose

The Imperial Order of the Rose () is a Brazilian order of chivalry, instituted by Emperor Pedro I of Brazil on 17 October 1829 to commemorate his marriage to Amélie of Leuchtenberg. 
On 22 March 1890, the order was cancelled as national order by the interim government of United States of Brazil.
The Order of the Rose as House Order.
Since the deposition in 1889 of the last Brazilian monarch, Emperor Pedro II, the order continues as a house order being awarded by the Heads of the House of Orleans-Braganza, pretenders to the defunct throne of Brazil. The current Brazilian Imperial Family is split into two branches Petrópolis and Vassouras, and as a consequence the Grand Mastership of the Order is disputed between those two branches.

</doc>
<doc id="18561662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561662" title="Greatest Hits (Biz Markie album)">
Greatest Hits (Biz Markie album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released on May 7, 2002 for Landspeed Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18561679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561679" title="George Grey, 6th Earl of Stamford">
George Grey, 6th Earl of Stamford

George Harry Grey, 6th Earl of Stamford and 2nd Earl of Warrington (31 October 1765 – 26 April 1845), styled Lord Grey from 1768 to 1819, was a British peer and politician.
Grey was the eldest son of George Grey, 5th Earl of Stamford and his wife, Henrietta. He was educated at Winchester College and Trinity College, Cambridge. From 1790 to 1796, he was the Whig Member of Parliament for Aldeburgh. He contested both Grampound and St Germans, losing the former but representing the latter from 1796 to 1802. 
In 1819 he succeeded his father as Earl of Stamford and Warrington, inheriting the family estates at Enville in Staffordshire, Bradgate Park in Leicestershire, Dunham Massey in Cheshire and Stalybridge near Manchester. He was made Lord Lieutenant of Cheshire in 1819 and in 1827 succeeded George Cholmondeley, 1st Marquess of Cholmondeley as Vice-Admiral and Chamberlain of Cheshire.
On 23 December 1797, Grey married Henrietta Charlotte Charteris, the sister of Francis Douglas, 8th Earl of Wemyss. They lived at the family seat at Enville and had four surviving children:
On Lord Stamford's death at Enville in 1845, his titles passed to his grandson, George Harry Grey, 7th Earl of Stamford.

</doc>
<doc id="18561680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561680" title="Trinidad State Junior College">
Trinidad State Junior College

Founded in 1925, Trinidad State Junior College is a two year college located in Trinidad, Colorado, United States, with a secondary satellite campus located in Alamosa, Colorado. The school offers up to 49 degree programs in academic or vocational fields.
Academics.
With an enrollment of about 1,800 students on two campuses, TSJC offers courses in many diverse areas including Gunsmithing, Aquaculture, Cosmetology, Electrical Line Tech, Welding and Nursing as well as traditional Arts and Sciences classes like English, Biology and Chemistry.
Trinidad State Junior College is renowned as one of the top three Gunsmithing schools in the U.S. Yavapai College Gunsmithing School and Colorado School of Trades being the other two of the three top contestants.)
Athletics.
As a member of the NJCAA, TSJC also offers students the ability to participate in numerous athletic programs, including men's baseball, men's basketball, women's basketball, women's softball, women's volleyball, men's and women's soccer, and golf. The school's athletic mascot is the Trojan.

</doc>
<doc id="18561681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561681" title="Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's singles">
Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's singles

The Men's singles table tennis event was a part of the Table Tennis program and took place at the Peking University Gymnasium. The tournament started on August 19 and the finals took place on August 23. 
77 athletes from 44 countries took part in the men's singles event. The tournament was a single elimination tournament with a third place playoff played between the two losing semi-finalists. The top 16 seeds in the tournament received a bye to the third round. Seeds 17 through 32 received a bye to the second round, seeds 33 to 51 received a bye to the first round and seeds 52 to 77 contested the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="18561683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561683" title="Berlin Springpfuhl station">
Berlin Springpfuhl station

Springpfuhl is a railway station in the Marzahn district of Berlin. It is served by the S-Bahn lines and .
The station opened on December 30, 1976 at the railway line to Wriezen built in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="18561692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561692" title="Anthony Buckley">
Anthony Buckley

Anthony Buckley (born 27 July 1937) is an Australian film editor, producer, and prominent member of the Australian film industry.
As an editor he was acclaimed for his work with Michael Powell ("Age of Consent") and Rudolf Nureyev ("Don Quixote"). As a producer he produced two of the most successful Australian films of all time – "Caddie" and "Bliss" 
In 1974 he produced the most famous Australian train film: "A Steam Train Passes". 24 years later he produced another two train films, "Savannahlander" and "Gulflander".
Career.
On leaving school, Buckley went to work for Cinesound Productions as a projectionist and assistant editor. He worked in Canada and Britain then returned to Australia in 1965. He went to work at Ajax Films, then move into producing.

</doc>
<doc id="18561705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561705" title="Marc Kaminsky">
Marc Kaminsky

Marc Kaminsky is a poet, writer, psychotherapist, and gerontologist whose work ranges from editing a study of life review called "The Uses of Reminiscence" to poetry like "A Table With People" and "The Road from Hiroshima". He organized and conducted among the earliest writing and reminiscing groups for elders. He also did work on the culture of Yiddishkeit. He edited the work of Barbara Meyerhoff in "Stories As Equipment for Living". His long poem, "The Road from Hiroshima", was produced as a play for voices for National Public Radio and was the inspiration for other works including a musical requiem. His most recent book is "Shadow Traffic", a collection of essays, poems and short stories that deals with the aftermath of the Holocaust as well as the aftermath of personal traumas. 

</doc>
<doc id="18561707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561707" title="Berlin Poelchaustraße station">
Berlin Poelchaustraße station

Berlin Poelchaustraße is a railway station in the Marzahn-Hellersdorf district of Germany's capital. It is served by the S-Bahn line .

</doc>
<doc id="18561709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561709" title="Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's singles">
Table tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's singles

The women's singles table tennis event was a part of the table tennis program at the 2008 Summer Olympics and took place at the Peking University Gymnasium. The tournament started on August 18 with the final on August 22.
78 athletes from 42 countries took part in the women's single event. The tournament was a single elimination tournament with a third place playoff played between the two losing semi-finalists. The top 16 seeds in the tournament received a bye to the third round. Seeds 17 through 32 received a bye to the second round, seeds 33 to 50 received a bye to the first round while seeds 51 to 78 contested in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="18561713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561713" title="Lement Harris">
Lement Harris

Lement Upham "Lem" Harris (March 1, 1904 - 21 September 2002) was a member of the American Communist Party.
Biography.
Lement U. Harris, known to his friends as "Lem," was the son of John Francis Harris (c. 1875-1941), the founder of the Wall Street brokerage firm of Harris, Winthrop, and Company. He graduated from Harvard University in 1926. 
Harris went to work on a farm in Pennsylvania for three years. He was invited to Russia by Harold Ware, one of the American Communist Party's leading agricultural experts. He returned to the United States convinced that the Soviet system was superior to the West. Once back in the United States he conducted a nine month survey of life in rural agricultural America. They published their results in The American Farmer. Harris then joined the Communist Party, and remained a member until his death on 21 September 2002.
Lem Harris' papers reside at the University of Iowa in Iowa City.

</doc>
<doc id="18561749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561749" title="Arkansas Highway 113">
Arkansas Highway 113

Arkansas Highway 113 (AR 113 and Hwy. 113) is a north–south state highway that runs in Central Arkansas. The route runs from Arkansas Highway 10 to Morrilton. This also gives access to some rural areas west of Morrilton. It runs through Pulaski, Perry, and Conway Counties. It contains no spur of business routes.
Route description.
AR 113 begins near Lake Maumelle west of Little Rock. It runs north to Wye where AR 300 forms a concurrency. The route then continues heading north for to Pleasant Valley where AR 300 continues west. AR 113 continues heading north and heads through Bigelow, Arkansas and then joins with AR 60 west to Houston.
In Houston, AR 113 departs AR 60 and heads north again to where it meets AR 9 south of the Arkansas River. It crosses the Arkansas River into Morrilton. There, it joins US 64 for a short time then departs west to run on its own course parallel to that highway. It joins back up with US 64 near Blackwell.
History.
The route was not one of the original 1926 state highways, but instead was first numbered as Arkansas Highway 113 on the 1928 Arkansas State Highway Map. The route ran from AR 10 north to Bigelow and was labeled 'impassable'. Between 1943 and 1945, the highway was extended to Morrilton. The segment along US 64 was added in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18561752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561752" title="Arkansas Highway 980">
Arkansas Highway 980

Highway 980 (AR 980, Ark. 980, and Hwy. 980) is a state highway designation for all state maintained airport roads in Arkansas.
List of routes.
Arkansas County.
Section 1.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Arkansas County. It connects Arkansas Highway 130 with Almyra Municipal Airport in Almyra.
Section 2.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Arkansas County. It connects U.S. Route 165 with De Witt Municipal Airport in south De Witt.
Benton County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Benton County. It connects AR 59 with Smith Field in Siloam Springs.
Boone County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Boone County. It connects US 62/US 65 with the Boone County Airport in Harrison.
Bradley County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Bradley County. It connects US 63/AR 8 with the Warren Municipal Airport south of Warren.
Carroll County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Carroll County. It connects US 62 with the Carroll County Airport near Berryville.
Chicot County.
Section 1.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Chicot County. It connects US 165 with the Dermott Municipal Airport near Dermott.
Section 2.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Chicot County. It connects US 65 with the Lake Village Municipal Airpott Municipal Airport near Lake Village.
Clay County.
Section 1.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Clay County. It connects US 62/US 67 with the Corning Municipal Airport near Corning.
Section 2.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Clay County. It connects US 49/AR 1 with the Rector Airport near Rector.
Cleburne County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Cleburne County. It connects Arkansas Highway 210 with the Heber Springs Municipal Airport in Heber Springs.
Columbia County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Columbia County. The route connects U.S. Route 79 with Magnolia Municipal Airport south of Magnolia.
Conway County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Conway County. It connects AR 9 with the Morrilton Airport in Morrilton.
Cross County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Cross County. The route connects Arkansas Highway 1 with Wynne Municipal Airport in Wynne.
Desha County.
Section 1.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Desha County. The route connects Arkansas Highway 4 with McGehee Municipal Airport in McGehee. The route was shortened on January 7, 2009.
Section 2.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Desha County. The route connects Arkansas Highway 54 with Billy Free Municipal Airport near Dumas.
Drew County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Drew County. The route connects U.S. Route 278 with Ellis Field in east Monticello.
Fulton County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Fulton County. It connects AR 9 with the Salem Airport in Salem.
Howard County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Howard County. The route connects U.S. Route 371 with Howard County Airport north of Nashville.
Lawrence County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Lawrence County. It connects US 67 with the Walnut Ridge Regional Airport in College City.
Madison County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Madison County. It connects AR 74 with the Huntsville - Madison County Municipal Airport in Huntsville.
Marion County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Marion County. It connects AR 178 with the Marion County Regional Airport in Flippin.
Van Buren County.
Arkansas Highway 980 is a state highway of in Van Buren County. It connects AR 16 with the Clinton Municipal Airport in Clinton.
Former routing.
Arkansas Highway 980 was a state highway of in Baxter County. It connected AR 126 with Ozark Regional Airport in Midway. It was removed from the State Highway system on April 27, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18561759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561759" title="Great Plains (band)">
Great Plains (band)

Great Plains was a progressive country pop band that formed in 1987. The band comprised Jack Sundrud (currently of Poco), Russ Pahl, Denny Dadmun-Bixby, Michael Young, and Lex Browning. In their career, they recorded two studio albums and had four singles enter the "Billboard" country charts. Their highest charting single, "Faster Gun", peaked at No. 41.
Early days.
The band began with Jack Sundrud, Russ Pahl, and Michael Young, who were all working in Michael Johnson's ("Bluer Than Blue") backup band. Sundrud was a seasoned professional, having toured with various acts such as Poco, Nicolette Larson, and Allman Brothers guitarist Dickey Betts. Brent Maher was producing Johnson and was looking for a new band to produce. Maher liked the sound of Michael Johnson's backup band. Sundrud was playing bass at the time, so Maher asked Austin Cunningham to join the band in the studio to do some experimentation. The band recorded a few tracks, mostly Cunningham's songs with himself on lead vocals. The band lineup / instrumentation at that time was Austin Cunningham on acoustic guitar and lead vocals; Jack Sundrud on bass and vocals; Russ Pahl on lead guitar, steel guitar and vocals, and Michael Young on drums. After recording a few sessions, Cunningham decided that he wanted to pursue a solo career and left the band. Sundrud then played some of his own songs for producer Maher and his daughter, Dianna, who ran Maher's publishing company, Moraine Music. They liked the songs and signed Sundrud to their publishing company as a songwriter. Maher and the band then recorded more tracks of Jack's material, with Sundrud on lead vocals.
The band showcased for RCA, and they passed. It was around this time that the band decided to hire a regular bassist and move Sundrud to acoustic guitar and lead vocals, so in 1989, the band added Denny Dadmun-Bixby to join the band on bass and vocals. Sundrud first met Bixby when the latter was recording with Wild Choir, Gail Davies band (Sundrud's first road gig was with Davies in 1982.) The recording of the first record was slow and piece-meal since the band all had other gigs and needed income — Pahl was working with Don Williams, Bixby with Wild Choir and Gail Davies, and Young was doing sessions and had a growing custom-car business building cars. The band recorded when they could until 1989, but in early 1990, Sundrud was asked to join country rock band Poco after Richie Furay had left the Legacy tour (the Legacy tour and album initially featured all 5 original Poco members.) This was Sundrud's second stint with Poco, having been a member of the band from 1985–87; Sundrud's first professional band, the Minnesota-based Podipto, a regional band signed to GRT Records, had opened for Poco in 1971. Sundrud's Poco gig put off the finishing of the Great Plains project for a year.
Record deal.
The band finished the recording in 1991, showcased for Sony/Columbia and got a record deal. The début album was produced by Brent Maher and Don Potter, assisted by Brian Maher. The first single, "A Picture of You", written by Sundrud and songwriter Gary Burr peaked at No. 48. "Faster Gun" was their highest chart entry at No. 41.
The first album failed to bring in large sales numbers and both Russ Pahl and Michael Young left the band in 1992. Sundrud and Bixby hung on, using studio musicians to record most of a second album, but during the recording process, their record label, Sony, had a changing of executives and the band was dropped in 1993.
It was around this time that Brent Maher became involved with what would become Magnatone Records, an independent label financed by Roy Speer, who founded the Home Shopping Network. Other artists included Shelby Lynne, Billy Montana, Rich McCready, and Caryl Mack Parker.
Another chance.
Sundrud and Bixby decided to make Great Plains a band again and brought multi-instrumentalist / singer Lex Browning on board. They scrapped what they had been working on during the 2nd album and started over, with Brent Maher and Don Potter producing again. The result was 1996's ""Homeland"". The label released 3 singles from that album, all of which once again failed to move beyond the 40s in the charts, including "Dancin' With The Wind", written by Sundrud and long-time Nashville songwriter / performer Craig Bickhardt; "Healin' Hands", written by Sundrud and Chuck Cannon; and "Wolverton Mountain", written by Claude King and Merle Kilgore. "Dancin' With The Wind" and "Wolverton Mountain" also had videos produced. The band then recorded a couple of songs with Sundrud's friend, producer Michael Clute (Diamond Rio). Magnatone released a single, "There's More Where That Came From", written by Sundrud and Tia Sillers, but they dropped the band the day after the single was released. Great Plains played some prior-committed dates for a few months and disbanded for good in 1996.
After disbanding.
Jack Sundrud joined Poco again in 2000 and is still with the band as of 2009, once again playing bass and providing vocals. Sundrud co-wrote the hit "Cain's Blood" with Michael Johnson for the vocal group 4 Runner, which peaked at No. 26 on the country charts in 1995. He also co-wrote (with Craig Bickhardt) the No. 1 country hit "It Must Be Love" for Ty Herndon. Sundrud recorded a solo album, "By My Own Hand", in 2005, and a second album effort in collaboration with Craig Bickhardt called "Idlewheel" in 2006 which morphed into a full band with tour dates through 2008.
Lex Browning returned to Portland, Oregon, where he had previously played with Jeffrey Frederick's band, Les Clams. He is a member of the Freak Mountain Ramblers, with whom he has recorded four albums, and in 2009 released his first solo album, Good Rain on Red Newt Records.
Dadmun-Bixby sang backing vocals on Suzy Bogguss' 1998 album "Nobody Love, Nobody Gets Hurt".

</doc>
<doc id="18561773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561773" title="Noëlle van Lottum">
Noëlle van Lottum

Noëlle van Lottum (born 12 July 1972, Hoogland) is a Dutch former professional tennis player who in the 1990s played for France.
Van Lottum was national youth champion both in the Netherlands and France. She played on the WTA Tour from 1987 until 1999, winning one singles and one doubles title. Her career-high singles ranking was World No. 57 (reached in January 1993) and her career-high doubles ranking was World No. 59 (reached in September 1992). With Virginie Buisson she holds the record for the longest female match in the French Open; in the first round of the 1995 edition she lost to Buisson after 4 hours and 7 minutes.
Van Lottum currently is the owner and director of a tennis school in the Netherlands.[http://intime-tennis.com/team-view/noelle-van-lottum/#]
She is the older sister of tennis player John van Lottum. 

</doc>
<doc id="18561790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561790" title="Theatre Royal, Sydney">
Theatre Royal, Sydney

The Theatre Royal in Sydney is Australia's oldest theatrical institution. Sydney's original Theatre Royal was built in 1827 by Barnett Levey behind the Royal Hotel, but burned to the ground in 1840. The name was dormant for 35 years until 1875 when a new Theatre Royal was built in Castlereagh Street on the corner of Rowe Street, adjacent to the Australia Hotel. In 1971-2 the theatre along with much of the block on which it was situated, was demolished to construct the MLC Centre. Action by construction unions forced the developers and a reluctant architect to incorporate a replacement theatre into the design. The current Theatre Royal opened in 1976 in the MLC Centre at 108 King Street between Pitt Street and Castlereagh Street. It seats 1,180 and offers a broad range of entertainment including dramas, comedy, and musicals.

</doc>
<doc id="18561838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561838" title="Penfield, Illinois">
Penfield, Illinois

Penfield is an unincorporated census-designated place in Compromise Township, Champaign County, Illinois, USA. Penfield is home to The Illinois & Indiana Antique Tractor and Gas Engine Club. Penfield is also home to St. Lawrence Catholic Church and The Last Call Bar. Its population was 193 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Penfield is located at at an elevation of 712 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="18561851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561851" title="Georges Pouchet">
Georges Pouchet

Charles Henri Georges Pouchet (26 February 1833 – 1894) was a French naturalist and anatomist.
Life.
He was born in Rouen, the son of naturalist Félix Archimède Pouchet (1800-1872). In 1865 he became chief of anatomical works at the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle" in Paris, and was later co-director of the maritime laboratory at Concarneau. From 1879 to 1894 he was professor of comparative anatomy at the "Muséum national d'histoire naturelle". In 1892 he was part of an early scientific polar expedition to Svalbard and Jan Mayen.
Works.
Pouchet made contributions in several scientific fields, and specialised in comparative anatomy of fishes and whales. He was a prime advocate of polygenism, and was the author of an anthropological work titled "De la Pluralité des Races Humaines" (1858), which was translated into English as "The Plurality of the Human Race" in 1864 by the Anthropological Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18561875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561875" title="Blurton">
Blurton

Blurton is a small town in Stoke on Trent, North Staffordshire.
Education.
Blurton has one secondary school, Ormiston Sir Stanley Matthews Academy, a specialist in Maths and Business and Enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="18561891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561891" title="Gonypetyllis semuncialis">
Gonypetyllis semuncialis

Gonypetyllis semuncialis is one of the smallest species of praying mantis and "scarcely reach(es) one centimeter in length." 

</doc>
<doc id="18561915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561915" title="Inuit astronomy">
Inuit astronomy

The Inuit have traditional names for many constellations, asterisms and stars:

</doc>
<doc id="18561918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561918" title="Oligonicella brunneri">
Oligonicella brunneri

Oligonicella brunneri is one of the smallest species of praying mantis and "scarcely reach(es) one centimeter in length." 

</doc>
<doc id="18561922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561922" title="Calhan School District RJ-1">
Calhan School District RJ-1

Calhan School District RJ-1 is a school district located in eastern El Paso County, Colorado.
Serving a relatively small population, the entire educational range of the district (preschool through twelfth grade) is housed on a single campus, along with all of the administrative functions.
The school (and district) mascot is the Bulldog.

</doc>
<doc id="18561926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561926" title="Fernando García (composer)">
Fernando García (composer)

Fernando García (born in Santiago, Chile on July 4, 1930) is a Chilean composer. Active since 1956 he has done orchestral music, chamber music, etc. He studied with Juan Orrego-Salas and Gustavo Becerra-Schmidt, among others. His style is influenced by serialism and aleatoric procedures. 
After the Chilean coup-d'état, he was forced into exile, first in Perú (1973-1979), and then in Cuba (1979-1990). He also played a role in the beginnings of electroacoustic music in Chile, after a trip he made to France in the early 1950s where he heard 'musique concrete'.

</doc>
<doc id="18561935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561935" title="Blind Lemon Jefferson discography">
Blind Lemon Jefferson discography

This is a comprehensive discography of Blind Lemon Jefferson, who was an East Texas-born and Chicago-based Texas blues musician. Jefferson recorded 79 singles from 1925 to 1929, and all known recorded material has been released. Jefferson was notable among blues musicians of his time for recording both spiritual and secular music, and he recorded both blues and ragtime songs.
References.
"Complete Recorded Works, Vols. 1-4." Document Records 5020, 5021, 5022, 5023.
"The Complete Recorded Sides" JSP Records JSP7706 (4 CD box)
"Too Late, Too Late Volume I." Document Records DOCD-5150 (two alternate takes)

</doc>
<doc id="18561941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561941" title="Nyctophilus">
Nyctophilus

Nyctophilus is a genus of bats within the Vespertilionidae or "Vesper bats" family. Species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="18561942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561942" title="Panos Karnezis">
Panos Karnezis

Panagiotis (Panos) Karnezis is a Greek writer. Born in Greece in 1967, he moved to England in 1992 to study Engineering. He was later awarded a M.A. in Creative Writing by the University of East Anglia. His first collection of stories, "Little Infamies", was published in 2002. In 2004 he published "The Maze" (to some critical acclaim), a novel set during the Greco-Turkish War of 1919-1922. His latest novel is "The Convent", published by W.W. Norton in 2010, and he is also the author of "The Birthday Party" (2007). He lives in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18561947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561947" title="Macromantis ovalifolia">
Macromantis ovalifolia

At 10 cm in length, Macromantis ovalifolia is one of the largest species of praying mantis

</doc>
<doc id="18561953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561953" title="An Yong-bok">
An Yong-bok

An Yong-bok (fl. 1692 - 1697) was a Korean fisherman in 17th century of Joseon Dynasty famous for his travels to Japan. His activities were instrumental in determining fishery rights in the waters of Ulleung Island and the Liancourt Rocks, two islands in the Sea of Japan.
Capture and activities in Japan.
The "An Yong-bok incident" occurred in the spring of 1693 when Korean fishermen from Busan and Ulsan clashed with other fisherman from Otani and Murakawa at Ulleung-do. 
An Yong-bok and Pak Eo-dun (박어둔) were captured and taken to the Yonago in the Tottri clan (modern-day Yonago city and Tottori Prefecture). 
The pair was detained at a house in Yonago for two months, while this case was investigated by the Tottori clan. The shogunate ordered his subjects to send them to the magistrate at Nagasaki, an area controlled by the Tsushima clan. An Yong-bok was held hostage by the lord of Tsushima clan (So Yoshitsugu) again. When An Yong-bok was repatriated to Korea, the Tokugawa Shogunate demanded the prohibition of Koreans going to Ulleung-do. This led to diplomatic friction between Japan and Korea.
After An Yong-bok was repatriated to Korea, he testified that "the Kanpaku (Imperial regent) of the Tokugawa Shogunate made a note that confirmed Ulleungdo as Korean territory and he was in possession of the note until he was seized en route to Korea by the lord of Nagasaki, upon which the note was confiscated and he was held on the grounds of trespassing onto Japanese territory."
Korean scholars consider this testimony a fact. Japanese scholars, however, insist that this testimony is primarily Ahn's claim without supporting evidence because he did not go to Edo, the capitol of the Shogunate, and the Shogunate demanded Koreans be prohibited from going to Ulleung-do.
As a result of diplomatic negotiation; in the January of 1696 a senior statesmen of the shogunate issued the following instructions to the lord of Tsuhima clan (translated into English):
Though the Tottori clan reported to the shogunate that "Takeshima does not belong to Inaba state (因幡) nor Hoki state (伯耆). There are no other islands belonging to the two states including Takeshima (Ulleungdo) and Matsushima (Liancourt Rocks)," the shogunate did not order a prohibition of Japanese going to Matsushima (Liancourt Rocks). In the diplomatic negotiation between Japan (Tsushima clan) and the Chosun government, they never discussed the Liancourt Rocks.
In 1696, Ahn visited Japan again. According to a Japanese record found in May 2005, the Bafuku is the investigation on An Yong-bok who arrived in Hokishu in May 1696 via the Oki Islands. The document has a total of 15 pages. The fifth page records Anyongbok's statement that Jasando (Usando) is Matsushima (松島) The last page records the eight provinces of Korea. The document specifically states that Takeshima (竹島 Ulleungdo) and Matsushima (松島 Liancourt Rocks) are part of the Gangwon Province (江原道).
The principal retainer of the Shogunate directed the Tottori clan to send him away because only the Tsushima clan has the right to determine matters of diplomacy with Joseon. According to the "Sukjong Sillok", Ahn testified as follows after he was banished by the Tottori clan and returned to Joseon.

</doc>
<doc id="18561962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561962" title="Pine Creek Path">
Pine Creek Path

The Pine Creek Path was a major Native American trail in the U.S. State of Pennsylvania that ran north along Pine Creek from the West Branch Susquehanna River near Long Island (modern-day Jersey Shore) to the headwaters of the Genesee River (in modern-day Genesee Township, Pennsylvania).
Course.
At the southern end of the trail there was a Native American village at the site of Jersey Shore and the Great Shamokin Path ran east–west here along the West Branch Susquehanna River. The Great Shamokin Path connected the Saponi village of Shamokin (modern Sunbury) on the Susquehanna River in the east, with the Great Island (modern Lock Haven) and villages further west (what are now the boroughs of Clearfield and Kittanning) and the Allegheny River. In the north another path continued north along the Genesee River and led to the Iroquois Nation in New York.
The main Pine Creek Path followed Pine Creek north, switching banks until it reached the First Fork (modern Little Pine Creek at the village of Waterville). From there it stayed on the left bank the rest of its course along Pine Creek, passing through the Pine Creek Gorge to the Second Fork (Babb Creek at Blackwell) and on to the Third Fork (modern Marsh Creek) and the village of Ansonia. There it left the gorge and turned west, going past modern Galeton to West Pike, where it left the creek and headed north to the Genesee River. The exact course of the path between West Pike and the headwaters of the Genesee River are uncertain. In the south, an alternate branch (west of the main path) led north from the West Branch Susquehanna River along Chatham Run, past modern Woolrich to the main path near Waterville.
Use.
The path was used by Iroquois warriors on their war raids to points south. One of the earliest accounts of the path is from Moses Van Campen, who was captured on Bald Eagle Creek in 1782, and taken north as a prisoner along the path. Some isolated bands of Native Americans remained in the Pine Creek Gorge until the War of 1812. When lumbering become a major industry along Pine Creek in the 19th century, the path was used by lumbermen. They would take rafts of lumber in the spring down Pine Creek from Ansonia to Jersey Shore, and then walk back north along the path. Attempts to convert the path into a wagon road early in the same century were unsuccessful – when John Peet tried it he said it took 18 days, crossed Pine Creek "eighty times going to and eighty times coming from", lost a wheel, broke two axles, and upset the wagon twice.
In 1883, the Jersey Shore, Pine Creek and Buffalo Railway opened, following the course of the path from Jersey Shore to Ansonia. The railroad soon became the Pine Creek Railway, a part of the Fall Brook Coal Company. It was leased by the New York Central Railroad in 1899, and was consolidated into the New York Central Railroad in a 1914 corporate reorganization. The Pine Creek line was one of those taken over by Conrail in 1976, but the last train ran on the route on October 7, 1988. After the removal of the tracks, the right-of-way was converted to the Pine Creek Rail Trail, which was named one of "10 great places to take a bike tour" in the world in a 2001 "USA Today" article.

</doc>
<doc id="18561970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561970" title="Dewey, Illinois">
Dewey, Illinois

Dewey is an unincorporated town in East Bend Township, Champaign County, Illinois, USA. Dewey also has a new bank in town.
Geography.
Dewey is located at at an elevation of 732 feet. 

</doc>
<doc id="18561971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561971" title="Operation Martlet">
Operation Martlet

Operation Martlet (referred to as Operation Dauntless in the British campaign official history) was the name given to the diversionary operation undertaken on 25 June 1944 by the 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division, of XXX Corps, to support Operation Epsom; the assault by the VIII Corps into the Odon Valley. The Division's role was to provide flank security for the advancing VIII Corps and to ward off any counter-attacks. It was its first combat operation of the war.
The operation failed to achieve its objectives by the end of 25 June, resulting in further heavy fighting over the following days as the 49th Division continued pushing southwards. This fighting can be seen to form part of Operation Epsom. The battle finally drew to a close on 1 July, when the division saw off a strong attack by elements of 2nd SS Panzer Division.
Planning.
During Epsom, VIII Corps would be endangered on its right flank from the Rauray Spur, a ridge that overlooked the line of advance of 15th (Scottish) Infantry Division. The spur, and the villages on and near it (Rauray, Fontenay-le-Pesnel, Tessel-Bretteville, Juvigny) would have to be taken in order to ensure that the flank of this division was not endangered in the attack. 49th Division was assigned the task of clearing the spur.
The division was to advance on a two-brigade front, its first objective being Fontenay-le-Pesnel, the last being Rauray. The 146th Infantry Brigade and the 147th Infantry Brigade were the two leading brigades, with the 70th Infantry Brigade in reserve. It was also to have the support of tanks from the 8th Armoured Brigade.
Opposing the British were the 3rd Battalion, 26th SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment and elements from the 12th SS Panzer Regiment of 12th SS Panzer Division, stationed on and around the spur. Both had seen heavy fighting in the preceding weeks and were well dug-in.
Martlet - 25 June 1944.
At 0415 hours on the morning of 25 June, Operation Martlet commenced with a heavy artillery bombardment just ahead of the start line of the 49th Division. At 0500 this bombardment lifted and started to creep forward and the men began to follow it. By now, a thick ground mist had developed, severely hindering the visibility of the advancing troops. The battalions became lost. The Hallamshire Battalion of 146th Infantry Brigade found itself on the Fontenay-Tessel Bretteville road, from where it came under fire from elements of the Panzer-Lehr-Division. It eventually found its way back to Fontenay. Meanwhile, the 11th Royal Scots Fusiliers of 147th Infantry Brigade eventually pushed forward through the mist and began attacking Fontenay-le-Pesnel. The village was strongly defended by the 3rd/26th SS Regiment and heavy inconclusive fighting raged throughout the morning. The British were eventually forced to withdraw to the northern outskirts of the village and await reinforcements. Confused fighting raged along the Rauray spur.
By the afternoon, the position was beginning to coagulate. The 146th Brigade had successfully reached its objective line at the woods near Vendes but when the 1st/4th Kings Own Yorkshire Light Infantry attempted to push beyond to the Tessel-Bretteville wood, they came under withering machine gun fire and were forced to dig in. On the right, it was almost nightfall before reinforcements came to the 11th Royal Scots in Fontenay, in the shape of 7th Duke of Wellington's Regiment. This battalion managed to clear most of the village by midnight 
As fighting drew to a close at 0000 hours, 26 June, the 49th Division established a line roughly south of Fontenay-le-Pesnel. Rauray and around half of the spur remained in enemy hands. Despite not securing the flank of VIII Corps in time for Epsom, the division prepared to continue its offensive on the following day.
The Battle Continues.
At 0530 hours on 26 June, the 70th Infantry and 8th Armoured Brigades led the 49th Division's renewed offensive. A battlegroup consisting of the 24th Lancers and the 12th (Motorised) Battalion of the King's Royal Rifle Corps penetrated Tessel-Bretteville but were withdrawn by the afternoon as the troops on their right had failed to advance much beyond their start lines. The front stabilised once again. During the night, two companies from the 2nd Battalion, 192nd Panzer-Grenadier Regiment of 21st Panzer Division came up to bolster the defences of Panzer-Lehr-Division near Vendes, which remained in German hands for the duration of the operation. The latter panzer division had been briefly engaged against elements of 146th Brigade but in the main was still concentrated against 50th (Northumbrian) Infantry Division on the 49th Division's right flank.
The following day, 27 June, the 49th Division continued to attack. 146th Brigade captured the Tessel-Bretteville wood but could not push beyond it. The 70th Infantry Brigade/8th Armoured Brigade taskforce was more successful, driving rapidly southwards and infiltrating Rauray. Heavy fighting raged in the village throughout the day but by nightfall it was in British hands. The 70th Brigade prepared to continue advancing south the following day 
On the morning of 28 June, 1st Tyneside Scottish of 70th Brigade began infiltrating into Brettevillette, south of Rauray. By the afternoon though, German pressure on this exposed position increased, as elements of Kampfgruppe Weidinger of 2nd SS Panzer Division were hastily thrown into the Odon front to gain time for the imminent arrival of the II SS Panzer Corps The British were ejected from Brettevillete and formed a new defensive line around Rauray. The spur was in British hands and 49th Division prepared to defend it.
Between 29–30 June, the 49th Division remained in this defensive line around Rauray, being sporadically shelled and fired at by KG Weidinger. The main attack by II SS Panzer Corps took place further south, so the division's front was largely 'quiet', except for continued German and British reconnaissances. 
On 1 July, KG Weidinger began an assault at 0600 hours against Rauray. Supported by armour, it drove straight on the village, isolating the 1st Tyneside Scottish to the south. Sharp fighting ensued around Rauray as the 11th Durham Light Infantry and the 1st Tyneside Scottish struggled to repel the Germans. At around 1000 hours the Germans began to withdraw and preparations were made to follow up this withdrawal but at 1100 hours a renewed assault was launched against the village by KG Weidinger but again failed to breach the British line. A final attack, launched around midday by the 9th SS Panzer Division to the south again made little progress, in spite of four hours of fighting. By 1800 hours the Germans withdrew for the last time. The 70th Brigade had been hit heavily, 1st Tyneside Scottish in particular losing 132 men alone on this day. However, the line had been held, and Odon Bridgehead was now largely secure.
Aftermath.
The 49th Division remained in its line around Rauray for almost a month, partaking in a largely defensive operation, with the exception of a diversionary action around Juvigny during the Second Battle of the Odon. On 30 July, the division was transferred from XXX Corps to I Corps and took post in the bridgehead east of the River Orne, from where it eventually began a successful drive to the Seine. 
The 12th SS Division, severely battered by the Epsom battles, continued fighting against further British offensives at Carpiquet Airfield (Operation Windsor), Caen (Operation Charnwood) and Operation Goodwood. It settled in a position south-east of Caen in mid-July, from where it was gradually forced back by continued Anglo-Canadian offensives. The 9th SS Division remained in the Odon Valley, holding Hill 112 against the 43rd (Wessex) Infantry Division during Operation Jupiter. It too was eventually pushed back into the Falaise Pocket.

</doc>
<doc id="18561979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561979" title="Dollis Hill Synagogue">
Dollis Hill Synagogue

The Dollis Hill Synagogue is a former Orthodox Jewish house of worship in Dollis Hill, London, England.
The congregation first came together in the early part of the 20th century, following an increase of Jewish immigration from the European continent to London. The congregation first met in a private house, then began to rent meeting halls in order to accommodate an increase in worshippers. The original synagogue was created in 1933 for £1,400, but the congregation quickly outgrew it and in February 1937 construction began on a larger building.
Designed by Sir Owen Williams, who served as both architect and engineer on the project, the completed two-storey concrete structure was designed to accommodate 324 men at ground level and 316 women at gallery level. The synagogue's design featured two unusual window patterns that were meant to suggest Jewish religious symbolism: a hexagon, which Williams meant to suggest the Star of David, and an inverted arch, which was inspired by the outline of a seven-candle menorah. Although the building was consecrated in 1938 as a district member of the United Synagogue, the congregation expressed displeasure with the finished structure and Williams returned a portion of his design fee in view of this dissatisfaction.
In January 1947, Dollis Hill Synagogue was one of several London synagogues that were vandalised following news of the whipping of kidnapped British troops by Jewish terrorists in the British Mandate of Palestine. Religious books were destroyed by an incensed crowd and graffiti bearing the message "You whip, we burn" was scrawled on the wall.
In June 1993, Dollis Hill Synagogue was one of seven British congregations named by United Synagogue as having had “chronic deficits.” By this period, the congregation’s numbers had dropped to 300 families, with half of the congregation over the age of 70. In February 1995, the building was sold to the organizers of the Avigdor Hirsch Torah Temimah Primary School. The synagogue's congregation moved its religious services to a smaller adjacent building. The services subsequently reverted to the use of what had since become the school hall in the original synagogue building. By 2011, and following many years of continuing declining membership, the congregation numbered approximately 130 members, mostly aged over 70, and in many cases no longer living close to the synagogue; and the congregation, which had for some time ceased holding religious services other than on Saturday mornings (the Sabbath) and holy days, found itself unable to muster a regular minyan (quorum) for services. In July 2011 the decision was taken to formally disband the congregation.

</doc>
<doc id="18561984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561984" title="List of Vice-Admirals of Durham">
List of Vice-Admirals of Durham

This is a list of people who have served as Vice-Admiral of Durham.

</doc>
<doc id="18561985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18561985" title="Shaun Nichols">
Shaun Nichols

Shaun Nichols is a professor in the Philosophy department at the University of Arizona. He received his PhD. in Philosophy from Rutgers in 1992 under the supervision of Stephen Stich and his BA in Philosophy from Stanford. His early work was concerned primarily with questions in theory of mind. Subsequently, he became a leading contributor to experimental philosophy and was awarded the Stanton Prize by the Society for Philosophy and Psychology in 2005. He is also currently a member of the Experimental Philosophy Lab at the University of Arizona.
Work.
Nichols's current research projects are in experimental philosophy, moral psychology, cultural evolution, free will, and the self.
Experimental philosophy.
In his work within experimental philosophy, Nichols has addressed questions about cross-cultural differences in semantic intuitions, free will, intentional action, the nature of moral judgment, and a number of other key philosophical concepts.

</doc>
<doc id="18562001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562001" title="The Gettysburg Times">
The Gettysburg Times

The Gettysburg Times is an American newspaper in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania published by Gettysburg Times Publishing LLC. It was founded in 1800 and is published daily, except for Sundays, Christmas Day and New Years Day.
The Gettysburg Times' focus is Adams County news. Its news staff covers area municipal meetings and events and its sports staff covers seven schools - Delone Catholic, Littlestown, Gettysburg, Bermudian Springs, New Oxford, Fairfield, Bermudian Springs and Biglerville.
The newspaper is headed by Managing Editor Alex J. Hayes and Publisher Harry Hartman.

</doc>
<doc id="18562013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562013" title="Harpiocephalus">
Harpiocephalus

Harpiocephalus is a genus of bats within the Vespertilionidae or "Vesper bats" family. Species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="18562032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562032" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Honesdale, Pennsylvania)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Honesdale, Pennsylvania)

Congregation Beth Israel (), a Reform synagogue located at 615 Court Street in Honesdale, Pennsylvania. Founded in 1849 by German Jews, its 1856 synagogue building was the smallest in the United States. The congregation was originally Orthodox, but rapidly moved to "Classical Reform". In the 1930s and 1940s an influx of more traditional Eastern European Jews prompted a change from Classical Reform to Traditional Reform.
The congregation was always small, and went through long periods where it had no rabbi. During other periods, particularly from 1939 to 1954, rabbis' tenures were very short, often a year or less. The current rabbi, Allan L. Smith, has served the congregation for over 37 years.
History.
The congregation was founded by Jews of German background. In the spring of 1849 the first Jewish family settled in Honesdale, and by the fall the congregation had been organized. By 1854 the congregation also had a Hebrew school. Originally Orthodox, the congregation moved rapidly to "Classical Reform". The congregation's first spiritual leader was a Rabbi Kutner.
Between 1880 and 1890 many Jewish families left Honesdale. The congregation was able to maintain a full-time local rabbi until 1891, but could not afford one after that. Rabbis (typically student rabbis from the Reform Hebrew Union College or Jewish Institute of Religion) would officiate only at High Holiday and some festival services. Other services were held on Friday nights, and were lay-led.
At the turn of the century and in the early 20th century, Honesdale had two synagogues, Beth Israel and Sherith Israel. Nevertheless, the Jewish community remained small; by 1918 there were only 29 Jews in Honesdale, Beth Israel was the only synagogue, and it had no rabbi. In the 1930s and 1940s an influx of more traditional Jews of Eastern European backgrounds prompted a slow change to more traditional practices (though still Reform). By 1942, the Jewish population of Honesdale had reached around 75. The bulk of the costs associated with running the synagogue were underwritten by Honesdale's Katz Underwear Company, with additional funds raised by the Temple Sisterhood.
From the late 1930s to the early 1950s the congregation was served by a series of short-tenured rabbis, typically serving one year or less. These included Joseph Friedman (1939), Baruch Braunstein (1940–1942), Hebrew Weiner (1943–1944), Rafield Helman (1945), Jay Robert Brinkman (1946), Morris Friedman (1947), Jerome Spivak (1948), Bernard Bamburger (1949), Samuel Volkman (1949), Abraham Granison (1949), Bernard Perlmutter (1950), Harold Spevak (1951), Bernard Zlotovitz (1952), Kenneth Rivkin (1953), Jerome Davidson (1954), and Julius Kravitz (1958). Beth Israel had no rabbi in the 1960s, and in the 1970s was served by Harvey Rosenfeld (1970–1971), Lewis Bogage (1972–1978), and Leonard Troop (1978). Bogage shared the duties with Allan L. Smith. Since 1979, Smith has served as rabbi on his own. The congregation celebrated its 125th anniversary in 1974, with rabbi and historian Jacob Rader Marcus as speaker.
Building.
Beth Israel's Colonial meeting house-style building, dedicated in 1856, was for many years the smallest synagogue in the United States, and possibly the world. Constructed of white clapboard, it had a gold Star of David at the tip of its spire. The building held 50 to 85 people.
The land for the synagogue building was donated by a non-Jew, who also donated money towards its construction. The synagogue was built by the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company to attract Jewish merchants. The company installed pews with kneelers underneath them, not realizing that Jews do not normally kneel in prayer. The congregation left them in, "partly as a gesture of recognition that they were installed in good faith". It is one of the oldest synagogues in the United States; only Congregation Kahal Kadosh Beth Elohim has been in the same building longer.
In 1933 "gothic type" stained glass windows were added to the building. These were lost during a flood one Friday night in 1942, when the Lackawaxen River overflowed its banks. An annex was added in 1962, which, at the time caused great controversy among the members. The building underwent a restoration in 1985. The sanctuary is decorated with "a magnificent chandelier and Tiffany globe sconces".
Recent events.
Rabbi and head of the Union for Reform Judaism Alexander Schindler was speaker at the 150th anniversary in 1999.
Beth Israel's current membership is "a combination of long time local residents, as well as those who have relocated to Northeastern Pennsylvania from nearby metropolitan areas such as New York, New Jersey, and Philadelphia. Members come from Wayne, Pike, Monroe, Lackawanna, and Susquehanna" counties. Unlike most Jewish congregations, Beth Israel does not require attendees to pay for High Holy Day tickets.
, the rabbi is Allan L. Smith. He has served the congregation for over 37 years, and for much of that time also served as the Director of the Youth Division of the Union for Reform Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="18562033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562033" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Media, Pennsylvania)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Media, Pennsylvania)

Congregation Beth Israel is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 542 South New Middletown Road in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, near Media. Formed in 1925 and granted a charter by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1929, Beth Israel is the first Jewish congregation founded in Media, the second-oldest in Delaware County, and the oldest Reconstructionist congregation in Delaware Valley.
In 1935 the congregation bought the old Quaker school on Gayley Street in Media. Originally Orthodox and led by lay members, Beth Israel allowed mixed seating in the 1940s.
The congregation started hiring part-time rabbis from the Yeshiva University Synagogue Council in 1948, and in 1957 it hired its first full-time rabbi, a Yeshiva University graduate. Jewish families became attracted to local Conservative synagogues in the 1960s, and demographic changes and a deteriorating building led to a significant membership decline, with the synagogue almost failing. In 1972, Beth Israel affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement, and by the 1980s it had hired its first full-time Reconstructionist rabbi, and had outgrown its building. It moved into its current building on Middletown Road in 1997.
, the rabbi was Linda Potemken.

</doc>
<doc id="18562034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562034" title="Congregation Beth Israel (Onset, Massachusetts)">
Congregation Beth Israel (Onset, Massachusetts)

Congregation Beth Israel () is an Orthodox congregation located at 7 Locust Street in Onset, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod. It is famous as the summer synagogue of Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik and some of his students from the 1950s until the mid-1960s, when his wife died. The clapboard building was originally a furniture store, before it was converted to a synagogue in 1948.
Initially a destination for Jewish vacationers from Boston, Beth Israel now attracts Jews from Toronto, Montreal, and New York City from a "wide cross-section of Orthodoxy", including "Young Israel, Chabad, Chasidim from Montreal, Charedim, Carlebach Chasidim, very-left wing and Conservadox." The synagogue maintains three daily "minyan"s throughout the summer and through the High Holidays.

</doc>
<doc id="18562071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562071" title="April 1958 Florida tornado outbreak">
April 1958 Florida tornado outbreak

The April 1958 Florida tornado outbreak was a severe weather event that primarily affected the Florida peninsula on April 15, 1958. A total of five tornadoes touched down in the state of Georgia between 12–5 p.m. EST. 80 percent of the tornadoes were recorded in Florida, while 75 percent of the Florida events attained F3 intensity or greater. The strongest tornado produced F4 damage on the Fujita scale in Polk County, Florida, becoming one of only two F4 tornadoes recorded in the U.S. state of Florida. The second F4 tornado occurred on April 4, 1966, in Polk County near Gibsonia and Galloway. In total, 65–72 people were injured during the 1958 outbreak, but no deaths were directly related to the tornadoes. In addition to confirmed tornadoes, an unconfirmed tornado was also reported near Wimauma, Florida.
Non-tornadic effects.
One B-47 bomber departing from MacDill Air Force Base was destroyed when it encountered the parent thunderstorm. The plane unsuccessfully attempted to fly at lower altitudes and avoid it. The four crew members aboard were not found.

</doc>
<doc id="18562085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562085" title="Shawn Stuckey">
Shawn Stuckey

Shawn Stuckey (born October 22, 1975) is a former Linebacker with the New England Patriots of the NFL, who also played briefly for other professional football teams. He is currently a practicing attorney in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Early life and college.
Stuckey was born in Daleville, Alabama on October 22, 1975. Stuckey was raised in public housing by his single mother who was addicted to crack cocaine and received welfare and food stamps. He never knew his father.
Stuckey played high school football at Daleville High School, then matriculated at Vanderbilt University, majoring in Cognitive Studies before transferring to Troy University where he majored in Marketing and Business Administration.
Professional football career.
Undrafted as a rookie, he signed with the Minnesota Vikings where he was a member of the same rookie class as Randy Moss. After being released by the Minnesota Vikings after training camp, Stuckey signed with the New England Patriots, where he made the team as a linebacker and wore jersey number 93. He started in six games, recovered one fumble during the 1998 season, and became the only free-agent rookie to start in the NFL playoffs, against the Jacksonville Jaguars. The fumble recovery marked the eleventh time in NFL history that an NFL rookie recovered a fumble in his very first regular season football game.
Stuckey voluntarily left the Patriots at the beginning of the 1999 season to adopt his brother, who had gotten into serious criminal difficulty in Alabama. In his online autobiography, he also indicated that his "heart wasn't in the game". Financial concerns compelled Stuckey to re-enter professional football, and he signed with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who allocated him to the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe. After his season with Amsterdam, Stuckey was placed on injured reserve by Tampa Bay due to an injury sustained with the Admirals. After his recovery, Stuckey signed with the Los Angeles Xtreme of the XFL, where he played on their 2001 world-championship team. Later he played for the Indiana Firebirds of the Arena Football League before injuries forced him to give up football for good.
Stuckey attained over 21 high school, collegiate, and professional titles, including one World Championship (XFL), and also set an NFL record as the fastest linebacker in the 1998 draft.
Legal education and career.
Following his football career, Shawn Stuckey attended The Citadel, where he worked on his MBA while serving as assistant coach of the college's football team. In 2005, he matriculated at the The University of St. Thomas School of Law in Minneapolis, Minnesota, where he became the recipient of numerous accolades and honors, including an award from the Minnesota Association of Black Lawyers. He published two law review articles and an American Bar Association (ABA) article. One of his articles was honored by the Minnesota Women Lawyers as the recipient of their 2007 Equal Justice Award, which recognizes the best written law student article on a topic of equal justice.
Stuckey is currently (as of 2008) co-chair of the legal department for the St. Paul Chapter of the NAACP. He was asked to give testimony before the United Nations in Geneva in February 2008, during the 72nd Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination. He was also the keynote speaker at the 4th Annual National Black Pre-Law Admissions Conference in Houston, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18562090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562090" title="Elías Hernández">
Elías Hernández

Elías Hernán Hernández Jacuinde (born April 29, 1988 in Morelia, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer who plays for the Liga MX club Club Leon.
Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also operate as a striker. Hernández has become a regular player of the Mexico national football team.
Club career.
Hernández made his profesional debut on 27 October 2007 in a 1–0 win over UANL's Tigres, he came off the bench in the 60th minute for former Morelia player Wanderson Da Silva.
Even though Hernández had little playing time at the time, he did score the go ahead goal against Cruz Azul, which Morelia won 2-1. He scored his second goal on 17 August 2008 against UNAM Pumas. During the Apertura 2009 and Bicentario 2010 seasons, Hernández helped Morelia reach the semi-finals, scoring 12 goals and registering seven assists in 42 matches. He also played in all six games of the 2010 Copa Libertadores for Morelia, registering three assists.
International career.
Hernández got his first call up by interim coach Enrique Meza for a friendly match against Spain. He made his debut in the match coming in the 66th minute for Giovani dos Santos. He scored his first international goal against Colombia on 7 September 2010, which gave Mexico the victory.
International Caps.
"As of 16 October 2012"
Career statistics.
"Statistics correct as of matches played 2 October 2012"
1Includes the InterLiga
2Includes the Copa Libertadores, the Copa Sudamericana
3Includes other competitive competitions, including the North American SuperLiga

</doc>
<doc id="18562093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562093" title="Philip Fulford">
Philip Fulford

Surgeon Captain Philip Charles Fulford, CVO OBE, senior naval medical officer.
Former consultant orthopaedic surgeon and professor of naval surgery. He was born in 1930, and qualified in London in 195, with MCh(Orth) (gold medal), FRCS. 
He entered the Royal Navy in 1955 and joined RN Hospital Haslar in 1967 as a consultant orthopaedic surgeon. Until 1977 he was medical officer to the Queen on overseas tours. Most of his practice was in Haslar, and in 1969 he became professor of naval surgery. He had a deep compassion for his patients, and his competence and dexterity enticed many subordinates into his specialty. After retirement from the navy as surgeon captain he continued in practice and joined the editorial staff of the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery in 1986, serving as editor from 1994 to 1998. He continued medical writing and editing and was chairman of the clinical research ethical committee at the Royal Defence Medical College. 
He died after a long illness on 11 April 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18562138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562138" title="Drywall cart">
Drywall cart

Drywall carts are four-wheeled carts that are used to efficiently move drywall to the work area to be hung. The carts are designed to hold several pieces drywall upright in order to maneuver through door openings and even smaller ones are designed to move between studs of a wall.
There are three main types of drywall carts:

</doc>
<doc id="18562141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562141" title="List of TVB series (1993)">
List of TVB series (1993)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1993.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:30 to 8:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:00 to 10:00 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 10:00 to 11:30 pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18562152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562152" title="Brooks McCormick">
Brooks McCormick

Brooks McCormick (1917–2006) was a member of the American family that ran International Harvester and a noted philanthropist and equestrian. He was the chief executive officer of International Harvester in the 1970s, and was the final member of the McCormick family to lead the company that they had founded.
Early life and education.
Born February 23, 1917 in Chicago to the distinguished McCormick family, McCormick was the great-grandnephew of Cyrus McCormick, whose 19th century development of the horse-drawn reaper was the start of a large agricultural machinery business. His father, Chauncey McCormick (1884–1954), was a cousin of "Chicago Tribune" publisher Robert R. McCormick, and his mother, Marion Deering, was daughter of Charles Deering. Charles' father William Deering had founded the Deering Harvester Company, which merged with the McCormicks' harvester business in 1902 to form the basis for International Harvester. Chauncey and Marion Deering wed in 1914.
Brooks McCormick attended the Groton School in Massachusetts. He graduated from Yale University in 1940 with a degree in English.
Work at International Harvester.
McCormick joined International Harvester out of Yale, working for the company from 1940 until retiring in 1980. He was groomed for executive positions his entire career, and he became president and chief operating officer in 1968. He was promoted to be chief executive officer from 1971 until January 1978.
During his tenure, McCormick tried to stem financial losses at International Harvester by selling the company's Wisconsin Steel subsidiary and exiting the money-losing pickup truck manufacturing business.
McCormick stepped down as the chairman of International Harvester's executive committee on October 31, 1980, ending almost 150 years of his family's active management in the company. He had no interest in nepotism, and saw little reason to be sad about the passing of the McCormicks' role in the company. "There's no room in this world for emotionalism or sentimentality," he told the Chicago Tribune at the time of his retirement.
Equestrian activities.
In the 1920s, McCormick's father Chauncey purchased a massive horse farm in what is now unincorporated Warrenville, Illinois. The property eventually was expanded to more than and became known as St. James Farm. McCormick took possession of the property after his father's death in September 1954 and significantly expanded it, holding an annual steeplechase event on the property to raise money for charity. McCormick said that his goal behind the steeplechase event was "to revive public interest in a major equestrian sport missing in this area for half a century."
In 2000, McCormick sold the farm for $43 million to the Forest Preserve District of DuPage County, with the stipulation that it would take possession of the farm upon McCormick's death. A condition of a bequest related to the sale was the demolition of several structures on the property, including McCormick's own mansion, which had been designed by noted architect Jarvis Hunt.
It is now known as St. James Farm Forest Preserve.
Philanthropy.
A noted philanthropist and art collector, McCormick bequeathed 11 works of art to the Art Institute of Chicago upon his death in 2006, including paintings by Édouard Manet, Edgar Degas, Winslow Homer, Paul Cézanne, and John Singer Sargent. McCormick had been president of the Art Institute's board from 1944 until 1954.
McCormick also willed his collection of rare bird books and paintings to the International Crane Foundation, which reaped more than $2.7 million from their sale after his death.
Family.
McCormick's wife, former Illinois state legislator Hope Baldwin McCormick, died in 1993. McCormick had four children, two of whom died before him. His eldest daughter, Martha McCormick Hunt, died in 1989 of cervical cancer at age 46, and his son Mark died in 1992 at age 47 of carbon monoxide poisoning in a suicide that was caused by depression. McCormick's other two children are his daughter, Abby McCormick O'Neil (born circa 1951), and a son, Brooks McCormick Jr. (born March 1944).
McCormick was described by the "Tribune"'s Michael Kilian in 1990 as an "intensely private person who reflexively shuns public attention."
McCormick died on August 15, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18562172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562172" title="Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer">
Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer

Christian Friedrich Heinrich Wimmer (October 30, 1803 – March 12, 1868) was a German botanist and educator who was a native of Breslau.
He worked as a "Schulrat" (education official) in Breslau, and was the author of several publications of Silesian flora. He specialized in the study of the willow genus "Salix". The plant genus "Wimmeria" of the family Celastraceae is named after him.
In 1866, Wimmer published an edition on the ancient Greek naturalist Theophrastus, titled "Theophrasti Eresii Opera quae supersunt omnia".

</doc>
<doc id="18562232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562232" title="24 cm Mörser M 98">
24 cm Mörser M 98

The 24 cm Mörser M 98 was a heavy siege howitzer used by Austria-Hungary during World War I. It was designed to attack modern fortifications, but its short range and ineffective ammunition lead to the development of the more deservedly famous 30.5 cm Mörser M 11 and M 16.
History.
Based on a Krupp 1888–1890 design, Skoda developed a new heavy mortar on a middle pivot mounting for testing in 1896. However the authorities realsed that advancing technology required a newer design, this used a barrel in a cradle mounted on a hydraulic recoil system. While introduced in November 1900, it wasn't quite ready and went through a number of minor improvements. One major problem was weak recoil springs that would allow the barrel to slip out of its cradle while elevated. Leather and horsehair stoppers could be wedged in the cradle as a short-term fix. But the permanent fix had to wait until the M 98/7 version that extended the jacket surrounding the barrel to the muzzle and redesigned the cradle was produced after 1907.
It was notable as the first weapon with a modern recoil system to see service with the Austro-Hungarian artillery as well as the first design to require motor traction. It was broken down into four loads for this purpose. Its carriage was mounted on a static firing platform that was jacked up and down onto its prepared bedding. It could only be loaded at 0° elevation.
BL 9.45 inch Howitzer in United Kingdom service.
The UK bought 4 guns held in stock by Skoda in Pilsen in February 1900 and designated the gun Ordnance BL 9.45 inch Howitzer Mk I. The purchase action by Sir Henry Brackenbury served two purposes, to thwart a German agent acting on behalf of the Boers and to provide a capability for use against the forts around Pretoria. They were sent to South Africa for use in the Second Boer War against the Pretoria forts but were not needed, reportedly they fired one round at Boers attacking a picquet outside Pretoria. They were later sent to China during the Boxer Rebellion but were also not used in action there.
In UK use they fired a common pointed shell up to 7,650 yards, using 5 lb 8¼ oz cordite MDT propellant. 
They were returned to UK from China and each of the two siege companies each fired 100 rounds from them but they had not been regarded seriously. However, they were issued to the new third siege company and used for annual practice where numerous defects became clear. Minor modifications were made but the critical defect, no elevation below 42 degrees, giving a high trajectory, made accurate fire impossible with the methods of the time. In addition, replacing the ballistite cartidges with cordite reduced the maximum range by 1000 yards.

</doc>
<doc id="18562238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562238" title="Lisbon Synagogue">
Lisbon Synagogue

The Lisbon Synagogue, called "Shaaré Tikvah" (Gates of Hope) is a historical synagogue in the city of Lisbon, in Portugal.
There have been Jews in Lisbon at least since the Middle Ages, but the community suffered a major blow in 1497, when an edict by King Manuel I ordered Jews either to convert to Christianity or to leave the country. All synagogues of Lisbon were confiscated by the King and given to Christian religious orders. For the Jews that converted to Catholicism, called New Christians ("cristãos novos"), the establishment of the Portuguese Inquisition in 1536 meant a permanent danger of being persecuted.
Finally, in 1897 a commission was established with the mission of building a central synagogue in Lisbon. The project was entrusted to the architect Miguel Ventura Terra, and the works began in 1902. The main facade of the synagogue faces an inner courtyard, since Portuguese law at the time forbade non-Catholic religious temples from facing the street.
Inaugurated in 1904, the Lisbon Synagogue was the first synagogue to be built in Portugal since the late 15th century. Ventura Terra conceived a temple in a style mixing Neo-Byzantine and Neo-Romanesque, consistent with the Oriental fashion for Synagogue architecture.
In 2004, a ceremony was held to celebrate the synagogue's 100th anniversary. Portuguese President Jorge Sampaio and Israel's Sephardi Chief Rabbi Shlomo Amar were among the speakers.

</doc>
<doc id="18562294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562294" title="Mazra">
Mazra

Mazra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18562299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562299" title="Mod lisp">
Mod lisp

mod_lisp is an extension module for the Apache HTTP Server that enables Apache to interface with web applications written in Lisp. This makes it possible to dynamically generate web pages and provide web services with Lisp programs.
Unlike other "mod_" languages, such as mod_perl and mod_python, mod_lisp does not embed a Lisp interpreter in Apache. Its purpose is to handle requests by converting them into simple text format and sending them over a socket to a Lisp system, and then sending the Lisp system's response to a client. In this respect, it resembles FastCGI.
The source (FreeBSD style license), lisp examples and pre-compiled binaries for FreeBSD, Linux and Win32 are available on the mod_lisp web site.

</doc>
<doc id="18562346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562346" title="Gossen's laws">
Gossen's laws

Gossen's laws, named for Hermann Heinrich Gossen (1810 – 1858), are three ostensible laws of economics:

</doc>
<doc id="18562353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562353" title="International Society of Intelligent Biological Medicine">
International Society of Intelligent Biological Medicine

The International Society of Intelligent Biological Medicine (ISIBM) is an international non-profit academic professional organization which aims to promote the emerging fields of translational bioinformatics and personalized medicine. In 2008 it started publishing the "International Journal of Functional Informatics and Personalized Medicine" (IJFIPM) and the "International Journal of Computational Biology and Drug Design" (IJCBDD) jointly with "Inderscience Publishers". The official annual meeting of ISIBM is called the International Joint Conferences on Bioinformatics, Systems Biology and Intelligent Computing (IJCBS). ISIBM also co-sponsors other international conferences such as the "World Congress on Computer Science, Computer Engineering and Applied Computing", "IEEE Bioinformatics and Bioengineering", and journal issues such as BMC Genomics and Systems Biology supplements.

</doc>
<doc id="18562359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562359" title="List of Awit Awards winners">
List of Awit Awards winners


</doc>
<doc id="18562381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562381" title="Marshevet Myers">
Marshevet Myers

Marshevet Hooker (born September 25, 1984) is a professional sprinter, competing internationally for the United States and sponsored by adidas. Hooker participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, China, finishing 5th in the 200 metres.
In the 100 meters, Hooker became the fifth-fastest woman up to that point (under any conditions) when she ran a wind-aided 10.76 (+3.4) to win the first heat of the 100m quarterfinals at the 2008 Olympic Trials.
In June 2006, Hooker elected to forgo her final season of collegiate eligibility to pursue a professional track and field career. Hooker, an eight-time All-American, left the University of Texas as one of the most decorated student-athletes in the program's history.
Hooker, a corporate communications major, made her mark as one of the top athletes in collegiate track and field during the 2005 outdoor season, when she helped Texas to its fourth NCAA outdoor title. Hooker became UT's third NCAA 100-meter champion and its first since 1991, when she claimed the event in 11.14 seconds. She also anchored the 4x100-meter relay team to victory in 42.87, the third-fastest time in school history. Hooker took second in the long jump, finishing only behind eventual World champion Tianna Madison.
Hooker is coached by Olympic gold medalist Jon Drummond.
Personal.
Her sister, Destinee Hooker, is an indoor volleyball player who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18562389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562389" title="Presidio Park">
Presidio Park

Presidio Park is a city historic park in San Diego, California. It is the site where the San Diego Presidio and the San Diego Mission, the first European settlements in what is now the western United States, were founded in 1769. 
In 1773 the mission moved a few miles upriver while the fort remained on Presidio Hill. The presidio had been established to protect against Indian attacks or foreign invasions. As the need for such protection disappeared, people preferred to live in Old Town at the foot of the hill, and the fort was gradually abandoned. It was in ruins by 1835. 
In 1907 George Marston, a wealthy department store owner and civic leader, bought Presidio Hill with the aim of preserving the historic site. Unable to attract city funding, Marston built a private park (planned by architect John Nolan) including the Serra Museum (designed by architect William Templeton Johnson) in 1925. Marston donated the park to the city in 1929.
The park encompasses about . Visitors to Presidio Park enjoy sweeping views of the city, the San Diego River valley, and the Pacific Ocean. The grounds are open for picnics and play. The facilities can be used for weddings and other special events. The Serra Museum is run by the San Diego Historical Society. (The Serra Museum, with its Mission architecture, is sometimes erroneously called the Presidio.)
The spot in the park where Junípero Serra planted a palm tree when he first arrived in 1769 was declared a California Historical Landmark. Otherwise, no historical structures remain in Presidio Park today. The site is occasionally used for archaeological excavations. A fenced-off area encloses the foundations of the chapel, walls, and other historical sites. 

</doc>
<doc id="18562397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562397" title="Sanyo Katana DLX">
Sanyo Katana DLX

The Katana DLX, or Sanyo SCP-8500, is a type of mobile phone. It was released in the United States in the third quarter of 2007 by Sanyo Electric Co (now Kyocera). The Katana DLX is a clamshell style phone. 
Providers.
The phone is available in the US through Sprint as well as Qwest. 
Colors.
The Sanyo Katana comes in three colors: Silver, Champagne, and Pink.

</doc>
<doc id="18562410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562410" title="Eifuku-mon In">
Eifuku-mon In


</doc>
<doc id="18562421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562421" title="John Cunningham (physician)">
John Cunningham (physician)

Professor John Cunningham, CVO, MD, BA, FRCP is a British physician who has more than a 100 peer reviewed articles under his belt.
Career.
Cunningham's early training was at Cambridge University and Oxford University, with postgraduate training in The University of London and Washington University School of Medicine, St. Louis, USA.
Professor Cunningham has been Head of the Medical Household to Queen Elizabeth II since 2005, and also occupies the position of "Physician to the Queen".
He is Professor of Nephrology at the UCL Medical School, London; Consultant Nephrologist at the Royal Free Hospital, London, and The London Clinic; and Physician, King Edward VII Hospital, London.
In 2009, Dr. John Cunningham was appointed to the Cytochroma Scientific Advisory Board.

</doc>
<doc id="18562422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562422" title="Crepidotaceae">
Crepidotaceae

The Crepidotaceae is a family of basidiomycete fungi.
Taxonomic Details.
The Crepidotaceae have recently undergone a revision based on phylogenetic analyses. The following characters are typical of this family:

</doc>
<doc id="18562424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562424" title="Jack Yang">
Jack Yang

Jack Y. Yang was a Harvard scientist and chair of board of directors of "International Society of Intelligent Biological Medicine" (ISIBM). As of 2011, he is the Editor-in-Chief of "International Journal of Computational Biology and Drug Design Applied" (IJCBDD).
Biography.
Yang received his Ph.D. and MS degrees both from Purdue University, West Lafayette under the supervision of Dr. Okan Ersoy (Computer Engineering) and Dr. Albert Overhauser (Biophysics), receiving the grade of summa cum laude and the award of PhD thesis of the year in the USA. His post doctoral training was from Harvard Medical School and Indiana University School of Medicine, and he received training in biostatistics and bioinformatics from Johns Hopkins University, and in computer science from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. During this period he visited the CERN institute Cern for few months. Dr. Yang was trained as a combined experimental and computer scientist with teaching, research, engineering, and in field practice in computer science, biomedical engineering and biophysics.
Yang works in, engineering practice and translational medicine, with varied interests ranging from cancer homeostasis, computational drug development, high throughput biology, database maintenance and microfluidomics applied to microarray proteomics. He is an honorary editor for International Journal of Functional Informatics and Personalized Medicine and Editor-in-Chief of International Journal of Computational Biology and Drug Design, together with partial appointments in Nature and Science, where he does regular revisions and comments. He has also been an editor of more than a dozen journals and proceedings books such as International Journal of Pattern Recognition and Artificial Intelligence (World Scientific), The Journal of Supercomputing (Springer Science), Proceedings of IEEE Computer Society Bioinformatics and Biomedicine Workshops and Proceedings of International Conferences on Artificial Intelligence, Genetic and Evolutionary Methods, Bioinformatics and Computational Biology, and Scientific Computing, Biomedical Imaging Journal, Biophysical informatics Journal, and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Germany in bioinformatics. He was the General Chair of the IEEE 7th International Conference on Bioinformatics and Bioengineering at Harvard Medical School and Co-PI of several grants form the National Science Foundation, Howard Huges Medical Institute, and the National Institute of Health. He is also a consultant to IJCBS, MIR labs, and the International Conference on Bioinformatics and Computational Biology. Dr. Yang has delivered many invited talks including a number of keynote lectures to promote the emerging fields of functional informatics and personalized medicine and Applied binding-omics. He has published more than 100 peer reviewed papers and book chapters, especially in BMC Genetics, one of the most prestigious journals after Science and Nature. He specializes in cancer biology and artificial intelligence. His outstanding achievements together with strong dedication to science and collaborative attitude have been mentioned as an example for young scientists in the New York Times issue of December 2010. He is a permanent candidate to the Milenium Technology Prize.
Dr Yang completed recently a tour of invited talks in Japan, where he visited the most important universities of the country. He met with the prime minister Yoshihiko Noda to talk about possible solutions to the recent nuclear disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18562451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562451" title="Castle Rock (Pineville, West Virginia)">
Castle Rock (Pineville, West Virginia)

Castle Rock is a geological feature located in Pineville, West Virginia next to the Pineville Public Library. Named for its resemblance to a castle, it rises about 200 feet above Rock Castle Creek, a branch of the Guyandotte River. Its base is estimated to be 100 feet in diameter. Midway up there is a stone terrace, with a narrower shale formation rising out of it. The shale formation is approximately 20.23 feet in diameter at its base, and between 25 to 30 feet at the top.
The formation of Castle Rock began about two hundred million years ago. Over time water eroded a way the surrounding rock creating its unique shape. Castle Rock was know to early explores of the area simply as the "castle". At one time ladders provided access to the top of the rock, but they were removed in 1911, after a man named Virgil Senter fell to his death. Steps and hand rails leading to the terrace were added later. In 2001 a sign explaining how the rock was formed was placed in front of Castle Rock.

</doc>
<doc id="18562467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562467" title="Vulkon Entertainment">
Vulkon Entertainment

Vulkon Entertainment was a fan-run company which specialized in science fiction-related entertainment. Vulkon was started by Joe Motes and Ruthanne Devlin in 1986 in Miami. In 1999 Ruthanne sold her half to Joe Motes and retired to Seattle, Washington. In 2006 the Vulkon name was sold to Gary and Terri Tripp of Weston, Florida. Typically Vulkon Entertainment organizes five to ten conventions each year in many cities across America as well as science fiction themed cruises.
Vulkon Entertainment from 1996 to 2000 Vulkon teamed up with actor William Campbell to promote 5 Fantasticon's raising over $400,000 for the Motion Picture & Television Country House and Hospital, each of these conventions drew hundreds of stars and thousands of Fans.
The conventions were often "Star Trek"-centric, but usually include guests from other shows. The first conventions Joe Motes started were under the name Trekon and held in Miami starting in June 1984 making Trekon/Vulkon one of the oldest and longest-running conventions in the State of Florida. (Joe had earlier cons, not under that name - for example Miami Oct 31 1976 at the Howard Johnson, Golden Glades Miami, featuring costume party/contest, bloopers, dealers, etc.; the flyer advertises 'next convention this location November 28, 1976). The First Orlando Vulkon was held in October 1987.
Vulkon Entertainment broke new grounds between 1987 and 2007 when Joe Motes and Ruthanne Devlin produced 12 Star Trek / Buffy cruises sailing with 8-15 stars with each cruise under the names Trekruise / Seatrek / Slayercruise.
When Joe Motes retired, he was the second longest-running promoter in America next to Creation Entertainment promoters.
Vulkon conventions programming included cosplay, dances, panels, workshops, game shows, banquets, karaoke, video games, artist alley, a dealers room and has even hosted an actual wedding done in traditional Klingon fashion at the Halloween 2008 show.
Vulkon historically attracted around 1000 to 3000 visitors from all over the USA. However, in the face of the American economic recession of 2008 and 2009 the number of visitors started to dwindle and the choice was made to cancel the first two shows of 2009 which had been scheduled for March of that year. The Vulkon franchise was officially put on hiatus shortly thereafter. 

</doc>
<doc id="18562476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562476" title="Conseil national de la Résistance (1962)">
Conseil national de la Résistance (1962)

The Conseil national de la Résistance (CNR) was an underground French nationalist militant organization, founded 20 May 1962 in Rome. It was named after the 1943 "Conseil national de la Résistance" French resistance organization. It was dissolved in 1963, when Antoine Argoud was arrested by the French secret service in Munich, charged with the attempted assassination of French president Charles de Gaulle, and several of the other members went into exile, facing charges from the government. In 1968, a general amnesty was issued, Argoud was released from prison, and several of the former CNR members returned to France, some even returning to public life.

</doc>
<doc id="18562483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562483" title="Kampfgruppe Weidinger">
Kampfgruppe Weidinger

Kampfgruppe (or Battlegroup) Weidinger was a formation from the 2nd SS Panzer Division "Das Reich" that was formed to support the attack of II SS Panzer Corps at the tail end of Operation Epsom in the Normandy Campaign. It took its name from the commander of the 4th SS Panzer-Grenadier Regiment "Der Führer", SS-Obersturmbannführer Otto Weidinger.
History.
The Kampfgruppe was based around the forwardmost units of the 2nd SS Panzer Division in Normandy and was seconded to the I SS Panzerkorps on 26 June 1944. It assaulted the positions of the British 49th (West Riding) Infantry Division around the village of Rauray between 28 June and 1 July 1944. Although it was ultimately unsuccessful in penetrating the British lines, it prevented the 49th Division from continuing to advance southwards from Rauray. The kampfgruppe subsequently returned to the operational command of the 2nd SS Panzer Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18562495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562495" title="William Browder">
William Browder

William Browder may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18562513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562513" title="John Smedley (British Army officer)">
John Smedley (British Army officer)

Brigadier John Edward Bruce Smedley, is Private Secretary to TRH The Earl and Countess of Wessex.
He was educated at Felsted School, commissioned into the Royal Tank Regiment as a University Cadet and read Economics at Reading University. All his regimental service was with 3rd Royal Tank Regiment, mainly in Germany,and with tours in Northern Ireland, Cyprus and England. He also held staff appointments in Hong Kong and the Ministry of Defence in London. After the Joint Services Defence College he commanded the UNFICYP Support Regiment in Nicosia, was Assistant Chief of Staff HQ BAOR, Commander Recce ACE Rapid Reaction Corps and the last Chief of Staff of the Army Staff College at Camberley. His last appointment was Deputy Commander 1st (UK) Armoured Division in Germany.
He is married and has two sons.
Smedley was appointed Lieutenant of the Royal Victorian Order (LVO) in the 2010 New Year Honours.

</doc>
<doc id="18562537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562537" title="San Francisco Bay Discovery Site">
San Francisco Bay Discovery Site

The San Francisco Bay Discovery Site is where the first recorded European discovery of San Francisco Bay took place on November 4, 1769. Spanish explorer Gaspar de Portolà, unable to find the port of Monterey, California, continued north close to what is now Pacifica. Short on water and food, Portolà and an expedition of 63 men and 200 horses left the coast to journey inland, reaching the summit of the high Sweeney Ridge, where he saw San Francisco Bay. 
Sweeney Ridge is located in northern San Mateo County and is now a part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area where a monument marks the discovery site.
The site is both a California Historical Landmark and a National Historic Landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18562549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562549" title="Firepower International">
Firepower International

Firepower International was advertised as a Hong Kong-based company owned and operated by Global Fuel Technologies Ltd, specializing in technology purporting to reduce the fuel consumption and environmental impact of petrol-operated vehicles. There were other offices in Sydney, China, Rhodes, Athens and Papua New Guinea, according to the now-defunct official company website. But "in reality it was a handful of people in an industrial estate in Perth", who were conducting a complex of fraudulent operations. The original entity—Firepower Operations Pty Ltd—was a $1 company, first registered in December 2004, owned by Firepower Holdings Group Ltd, a company with an address in the British Virgin Islands.
Through connections created with gullible Australian federal ministers, trade officials and their networks, the governments of Britain, Russia, Romania and many others were persuaded to believe Firepower offered important solutions to global warming and the peak oil energy crisis. However, after questions were raised about the efficacy of the 'Firepower Pill' and related products in reducing engine fuel consumption, the Firepower organisation's principal, Timothy Francis (Tim) Johnston, was claimed by media critics to have perpetrated a large-scale confidence trick or scam, the subject of investigation by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). In July 2011, ASIC banned Johnston from managing any company for twenty years.
'Firepower Pill'.
Firepower International's main product was the Firepower Pill, advertised as being able to ""lower fuel consumption, reduce emissions, clean and maintain your engine"". The product was claimed to work by ""burning more of the heavier elements of your fuel, increasing power and fuel economy"", and because more of the fuel is consumed in the combustion process, hydrocarbon "and carbon-dioxide emissions are lowered. Inserted into a vehicle's fuel tank, a single Firepower Pill was advertised as being able to treat up to 60 litres of petrol. (Elsewhere, a larger pill was advertised, claimed to be able to treat 200 litres of petrol or diesel).
Controversy.
After an abortive plan (aided by the Australian government in October 2006) to establish headquarters in Switzerland, the group's founder and chief executive, Mr Tim Johnston, moved to London where his whereabouts were concealed for almost two years until he was located in London by "The Australian" newspaper.
Corporate charges.
In 2007, Firepower came under investigation by The Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) over raising "$60 million without adequate financial disclosures to investors". ASIC has sought court orders to have Mr Johnston, who left New Zealand in controversial circumstances in the mid-'90s, banned from operating companies in Australia. On 21 July 2008, ASIC also filed an action in the Federal Court against companies associated with Gordon Hill, Warren Anderson, Leslie Stein (Sattvic Pty Ltd) and financial adviser Quentin Ward who is believed to have sold more than A$40 million of the shares in Perth. Ward was subsequently banned from managing a company for six years. Anderson's company Owston Nominees was alleged to have been issued 40 million one-cent shares in Firepower's Virgin Islands-based parent company Firepower BVI in June 2005, which were onsold for up to 50c a share. In March 2010, it was reported that former Labor government minister Gordon Hill, facing a A$5 million lawsuit, had declared bankruptcy. (Refer also to ASIC court outcomes below.)
Product doubts.
There were also questions over whether the 'Firepower Pill' actually worked as advertised. Commentators pointed to the refusal of Firepower to give detailed information about how the pill functioned, and similarities between the Firepower Pill and the FE-3 pill, which had been independently proven not to increase vehicle performance. 
The Firepower Pill was tested for effectiveness by the former Western Australian Department of Consumer and Employment Protection. The investigation ""raised some real concerns about the validity of claims ... that Firepower made the packaging in support of the fuel saving and emission reducing properties of the Firepower Pill"". In light of this, the department ordered that the Firepower Pill be withdrawn from sale in Western Australia, together with other purported fuel-saving devices whose advertised claims were not substantiated.
In response, Firepower claimed many notable organizations used its product - including the Australian and New Zealand military forces, and a V8 supercars team, despite the fact that no fuel-additives are allowed in V8 Supercar regulations. The claims were denied by those named. Firepower also claimed to its shareholders that it was taking part in joint ventures with Shell and General Motors—claims that both companies have refuted.
Government involvement.
The then Australian government of John Howard became involved in the scam in a number of ways—through defence-force agencies and personnel, through the export agency Austrade and directly through successful lobbying of federal minister for science Julie Bishop and John Howard himself. Johnston reportedly promised significant donations to the Liberal Party, and an attempt was made to secure a funding grant from the government's A$500-million Low Emission Technology Demonstration Fund. A related Firepower entity, TPS Firepower, received almost A$400,000 in export grants from the government.The fraud could not have continued for so long, or become so large, had it not been for the crucial intervention of Austrade. Somebody at the trade commission, probably someone junior, failed to make a rudimentary verification of any of the grandiose claims Johnston was making. Austrade took on Firepower as a client, and opened doors to contacts around the world through Australian embassies.
Over time, Firepower received $394,000 in grants under the Export Market Development Grants scheme. A senior Austrade manager, John Finnin, was recruited by Johnston as his chief executive. The senior trade commissioner at the Australian Embassy in Moscow, Gregory Klumov, was recruited to run Firepower's Russian operation. For years, Johnston was able to wrap himself in the credibility of government patronage. 
Exposé.
Much of the critical inquiry into Firepower was instigated and pursued by the "Sydney Morning Herald"'s senior investigative journalist Gerard Ryle. In May 2009, Allen & Unwin published Ryle's book "Firepower: The most spectacular fraud in Australian history" which revealed both the fraud's magnitude and the unwitting participation of Australian government agencies and personages, including the then prime minister, John Howard.
A July 2008 ABC Four Corners analysis, 'Liar Liar, Pants on Fire', also presented details of the company's history through interviews with former managers and staff, covering sporting sponsorships and misrepresentation of products and securities.
Sporting sponsorship.
At its height, Firepower was one of Australia's biggest sporting sponsors. Under the company's mounting debts, commitments were reneged upon, leaving sporting teams struggling with financial pressures. 
The former Sydney Kings, an Australian basketball franchise part-owned by Tim Johnston, ceased to exist because of the collapse of Firepower. Kings players were owed large sums in unpaid wages and superannuation.—a figure quoted at A$265,073.
The Perth-based rugby union team Western Force was promised millions of dollars in funding which failed to materialise, causing loss of contracted players, notably Matt Giteau.
In 2006, the rugby league team South Sydney Rabbitohs was bought by business partners Russell Crowe and Peter Holmes à Court. On 5 November that year, Russell Crowe appeared on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" and announced that Firepower was sponsoring South Sydney Rabbitohs for A$3 million over three years. Crowe showed viewers a Rabbitohs jersey with Firepower's name on it. In a press release, Peter Holmes à Court announced "Russell and I have been particularly keen to take the club forward in a socially responsible fashion and Firepower certainly fulfils that criteria. Firepower is an Australian success story—operating in over 50 countries globally and currently expanding rapidly into new markets. Firepower is an emerging brand that is already a global leader in its category. "
Demise.
Damning documents found on computer.
On 28 February 2009, "The West Australian" newspaper announced that "Thousands of internal Firepower documents have been discovered in a computer abandoned by the disgraced fuel technology firm before its multi-million-dollar collapse in 2007". The computer, believed to have been the internet server for all the computers in Firepower's Perth office, had no hard drive but contained 3 SCSI interface storage devices which had captured "thousands of emails and other documents including being sent to and from Tim Johnston, his executives and office staff". It was one of five hardware items purchased at auction for A$40 by local Internet café owner Mr Henk Beugelaar. 
The documents included:
Federal Court action.
Firepower's Australian operations were put into liquidation in early July 2008 in the Australian Federal Court, followed by the British Virgin Islands arm in late September The action was commenced by the company's own lawyers over a debt of A$70,000 and joined by mining magnate Ross Graham, who had lent Johnston A$25 million. The liquidator, Bryan Hughes reportedly believes the company traded while insolvent from 22 July 2007 and that ""Johnson had stashed up to A$38 millions in overseas bank accounts and was planning to use the money to build a replica company called Green Power Corporation"". Firepower Operations estimated that, in July 2008, it owed more than A$16 million to various creditors, investors, and groups it had sponsorship deals with.
ASIC.
Warren Anderson's company Owston Nominees No 2 was the subject of a court action launched by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) which claims it sold Firepower shares to small investors without giving them a prospectus, making a A$20-million windfall. Anderson publicly urged Johnston to face his accusers. On 8 February 2011, ASIC's proceedings against Owston and other respondents were successful, the Federal Court finding that declarations and publicity orders were an appropriate form of relief for the contraventions of s727(1) of the Act. On 18 August 2011, ASIC succeeded in obtaining a similar determination and Federal Court orders against Sattvic Pty Ltd, the company operated by Leslie Stein.
Return of Johnston to Australia.
Because Johnston was never charged with fraud, ASIC lacked the necessary criminal-law basis for pursuit of his extradition to face charges in Australia. He simply had to stay out of the country to avoid facing shareholders. However, on Monday 2 November 2009, Tim Johnston openly returned to Australia, reportedly to see family members. On 5 November, he was ordered by the Federal Court not to leave the country, to surrender passports and to appear in a Perth court on 26 November. The injunction was served on Johnston at his Gold Coast mansion. Johnston surrendered two passports but failed to make the court appearance, citing a heart condition and fears for his personal safety. The hearing was adjourned and arrangements made for him to appear by video link from Queensland.
It has also been alleged that Johnston sought to rehabilitate his reputation while in England, and facilitate continuing fraudulent actions, by use of a purported letter from ASIC which declared: ""Our findings based on credible and confidential information obtained by this office, Indicates (sic) that you have acted appropriately and in accordance with the Corporate Guideline Act and therefore this office no longer finds you a person of interest in this matter."" But an ASIC spokeswoman disclaimed the existence of a "Corporate Guideline Act".
On 8 December 2009 Johnston faced the Federal Court in Perth and was examined by the liquidator, Bryan Hughes. On his way into the court room he was served with legal documents and a summons before proceedings even started. He was examined in detail over various financial transactions, including family travel payments and transactions surrounding the purchase of his Mosman Park mansion and claimed that he was forced to buy the property by his close friend and occasional antagonist Warren Anderson. In earlier evidence he claimed that Anderson forced him to pay A$4 million into Anderson's family company, Owston Nominees, then received a loan from Owston Nominees the following day to the value of A$5.8 million to allow the purchase of the property. 
Johnston was accompanied later in the day by his wife Sandra and two daughters Madelaine and Emily. Sandra Johnston had fled to Bali after the seizure of Johnston's passports, concerned at her own potential liability due to her position as a company director between 2005 and 2008. She stayed in the Nusa Dua Asmara cliffside villa built by Gordon Hill when he was a director of Firepower, and purchased with Firepower funds. Whilst at the villa she was allegedly intimidated by tattooed men and mystery packages. Johnston told the court that he was personally threatened by Mr Anderson, who had used "particular people" to intimidate him.
Other court proceedings.
Ross Graham.
In 2008, mining entrepreneur Ross Graham, obtained a Western Australian Supreme Court order for immediate payment of over A$12 m in respect of a personally guaranteed loan. Mr Graham proposed to commence bankruptcy proceedings if the amount was not paid, but acknowledged that he is unlikely to recover any of the money.
IMF (Australia).
It has been estimated that Australian "mum-and-dad" investors were shorn of A$100 million by a small number of entrepreneurial investors and professional advisors with inside contacts who purchased Firepower shares at a very low price for on-selling to others at much higher prices. On 3 June 2009, "The West Australian" newspaper announced that ""Former WA police minister Gordon Hill has become the first target of investors trying to recover their money from the wreckage of failed fuel technology company Firepower after he was hit with a $5 million lawsuit yesterday"." The Supreme Court writ was filed on behalf of 79 investors by lawyers for litigation funder IMF (Australia). Investors paid for shares in Firepower Holdings Limited (registered in the Cayman Islands) but were given shares in Firepower Holdings Group Limited (registered in the British Virgin Islands).
The report added that other dealers were expected to be targeted, including the private companies of property tycoon Warren Anderson and Sydney lawyer Les Stein, both of whom were heavily involved in Firepower. IMF managing director Hugh McLernon said ""We will probably look at recovering about $40 million but I would be thinking that we would be battling to do much more than that."" 
On 17 September 2010, IMF lodged a second WA Supreme Court writ on behalf of 242 Firepower investors seeking more than A$5 million from Les and Miriam Stein and their family company Sattvic; up to A$26 million from Fremantle lawyers Matthew Morgan and Stefan Alteruthemeyer and their company Maclma; and about A$8 million from the National Australia Bank. A press report cited IMF's investment manager Paul Rainford as planning a third action against a Singapore company with the goal of recovering a total of A$60 million through the three lawsuits. IMF had decided not to pursue either Tim Johnston or Warren Anderson because of their likely financial incapacity.
Tim Johnston declared bankruptcy in 2011. On 19 May 2012 liquidator Pitcher Partners said they would no longer pursue Johnston, with managing director Bryan Hughes claiming he was still owed over $100,000 for the investigation. Mr Hughes said forensic accountants Worrells Solvency & Forensic Accountants had approached all creditors including himself seeking further funds.

</doc>
<doc id="18562555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562555" title="The Oil Drum">
The Oil Drum

The site announced that it would stop delivering new content and turn into an archive resource as of August 31, 2013. Reasons cited for this change include server costs and a dwindling number of contributors of high-quality content. 
"The Oil Drum" was rated one of the top five sustainability blogs of 2007 by Nielsen Netratings, and is read by a diverse collection of public figures, including Roscoe Bartlett, Paul Krugman, James Howard Kunstler, Richard Rainwater, and Radiohead. In 2008, the site received the M. King Hubbert Award for Excellence in Energy Education from the U.S. chapter of the Association for the Study of Peak Oil and Gas (ASPO). 
"The Oil Drum" was started in March 2005 by Kyle Saunders (username "Prof. Goose"), a professor of political science at Colorado State University, and Dave Summers (username "Heading Out"), a professor of mining engineering at Missouri University of Science and Technology (then known as University of Missouri-Rolla). The site first rose to prominence following its coverage of the impact of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on oil and gas production. Since then, the staff has grown by dozens and the site has become well known for rigorous, quantitative analysis of energy production and consumption. A notable example is former editor Stuart Staniford's analysis of the depletion of Saudi Arabia's Ghawar oil field (Depletion Levels in Ghawar).
The site started out on the Blogger platform, moved to Scoop in August 2005, and to Drupal in December 2006.
The site shut down in September 2013 (see the last post on The Oil Drum for additional details) and the community of contributors was disbanded. Efforts to restart some of the discussions continue on The Planet Beat. 

</doc>
<doc id="18562558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562558" title="Pempidine">
Pempidine

Pempidine is a ganglion-blocking drug, first reported in 1958 by two research groups working independently, and introduced as an oral treatment for hypertension.
Pharmacology.
Reports on the "classical" pharmacology of pempidine have been published. The Spinks group, at ICI, compared pempidine, its N-ethyl analogue, and mecamylamine in considerable detail, with additional data related to several structurally simpler compounds.
Toxicology.
LD50 for the HCl salt of pempidine in mice: 74 mg/kg (i.v.); 125 mg/kg (i.p.); 413 mg/kg (p.o.).
Chemistry.
Pempidine is an aliphatic, sterically hindered, cyclic, tertiary amine, which is a weak base: in its protonated form it has a pKa of 11.25.
Pempidine is a liquid, b.p. 187-188°; d = 0.858 g/cm3.
Two early syntheses of this compound are those of Leonard and Hauck, and Hall. These are very similar in principle: Leonard and Hauck reacted phorone with ammonia, to produce 2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidone, which was then reduced by means of the Wolff-Kishner reaction to 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine; this secondary amine was then N-methylated using methyl iodide and potassium carbonate.
Hall's method involved reacting acetone with ammonia in the presence of calcium chloride to give 2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidone, which was then reduced under Wolff-Kishner conditions, followed by N-methylation of the resulting 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine with methyl p-toluenesulfonate.

</doc>
<doc id="18562589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562589" title="Gossen's second law">
Gossen's second law

Gossen's Second “Law”, named for Hermann Heinrich Gossen (1810–1858), is the assertion that an economic agent will allocate his or her expenditures such that the ratio of the marginal utility of each good or service to its price (the marginal expenditure necessary for its acquisition) is equal to that for every other good or service. Formally,
where
Informal derivation.
Imagine that an agent has spent money on various sorts of goods or services. If the last unit of currency spent on goods or services of one sort bought a quantity with "less" marginal utility than that which would have been associated with the quantity of another sort that could have been bought with the money, then the agent would have been "better off" instead buying more of that other good or service. Assuming that goods and services are continuously divisible, the only way that it is possible that the marginal expenditure on one good or service should not yield more utility than the marginal expenditure on the other (or "vice versa") is if the marginal expenditures yield "equal" utility.
Formal derivation.
Assume that utility, goods, and services have the requisite properties so that formula_7 is well defined for each good or service. An agent then optimizes
subject to a budget constraint
where
Using the method of Lagrange multipliers, one constructs the function
and finds the first-order conditions for optimization as
(which simply implies that all of formula_10 will be spent) and
so that
which is algebraically equivalent to
Since every such ratio is equal to formula_17, the ratios are all equal one to another:

</doc>
<doc id="18562605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562605" title="10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99">
10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99

The 10 cm Feldhaubitze M 99 was a howitzer was used by Austria-Hungary during World War I.
It used bronze for its barrel and lacked a modern recoil system, using only an ineffective spring-mounted spade brake, and was virtually obsolescent upon its introduction. Nonetheless it was the standard field howitzer for the Austrian Army upon the outbreak of the war.
It donated its barrel to the 10 cm Gebirgshaubitze M 99, although few of those were made, being largely replaced by a version of the standard Feldhaubitze M 99 with a narrow, carriage for use on mountain paths. The axle seats were deleted from these narrow carriages in the interest of saving weight.

</doc>
<doc id="18562629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562629" title="NWA Macon Tag Team Championship">
NWA Macon Tag Team Championship

The NWA Macon Tag Team Championship was a tag team professional wrestling championship in Georgia Championship Wrestling, defended exclusively on events held at the Macon City Auditorium and Macon Coliseum in Macon, Georgia. The title lasted from 1969 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18562641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562641" title="Way Over There">
Way Over There

"Way Over There" is a 1960 Motown soul song and single, written by William "Smokey" Robinson, produced by Berry Gordy, and first performed by The Miracles (credited as "The Miracles featuring Bill 'Smokey' Robinson") for the Tamla (Motown) label. It was one of The Miracles' earliest charting singles, reaching #94 on the "Billboard" Pop chart. Motown president Berry Gordy, Jr. had The Miracles record the song several times during its chart run. The first version had minimal orchestration. The second version added strings, and this is the version played by most oldies stations today. Claudette (Mrs. Smokey) Robinson had several lead parts on this song (as the "lover way over there on the mountainside"), answering Smokey's leads with chants of "Come to me, Baby". The song's B-side, "(You Can) Depend on Me", while not charting nationally, did become a popular regional hit in many areas of the country,and Smokey still sings it in his live shows today.
"Way Over There" has inspired cover versions by Edwin Starr, The Temptations, The Marvelettes, The Royal Counts, The Spitballs, and Eddie Adams Jr, while "(You Can) Depend on Me" has inspired cover versions by The Temptations, The Supremes, Mary Wells, and Brenda Holloway. The song was also used for the title of Hip-O Select's 2009 compilation: The Miracles: Depend on Me-The Early Albums, which collects the first five LP releases by the group.

</doc>
<doc id="18562659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562659" title="Fauzia Wahab">
Fauzia Wahab

Fauzia Wahab (Urdu: فوزیہ وہاب; November 14, 1956 - June 17, 2012), was a politician who served as the senior "ex officio" member and the secretary-general of the central executive committee of the Pakistan Peoples Party. 
A graduate from the Karachi University, she entered in national politics in 1994 and successfully contested in 2002 general elections and again in 2008 general elections. She was notably appointed as the Secretary Information of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) after the resignation of Sherry Rehman, and as well secured the chairmanship of the standing committee on finance and revenue in 2008. She was personally endorsed by President Asif Ali Zardari and became senior, high-ranking member of the central executive committee. Earning media notoriety on passing controversial comments on Raymond Davis incident in 2011, she was admitted at the local hospital for an elective gall bladder surgery on 24 May 2012 and died on Sunday, 17 June 2012.
Personal life.
Background.
Wahab was born in November 14, 1956 as the eldest of four children. In 1978 she married Wahab Siddiqui, a journalist and, later, a television anchorman in political talk shows. For the next fourteen years, she was a housewife and had four children. She acted in Haseena Moin's drama serial "Kohar" as the cousin of the hero played by the model, Junaid Butt. The drama aired in 1991 and 1992 and was directed by M Zaheer Khan. She would consider it as her "favorite mistake". In February 1993, her husband died of a massive heart attack and her life took a new turn. She married cardiologist Athar Hussein in 1998. On May 24, 2012, she was admitted to hospital in Karachi and died on June 17, 2012.
Political career.
Wahab worked for the Pakistan Industrial and Commercial Leasing as a Marketing Manager between 1993 and 1996. She was nominated as Member Advisory Council of Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) in October 1994. Initially she was given charge of the Municipal Ward 59. She was also nominated as Chairman of the Information Committee of KMC. 
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto nominated her to become the Information Secretary of the women's wing of the PPP in Sindh, a position she held until early 2002. After the dissolution of the PPP government in November 1996, general elections were held in February 1997 in which she was nominated to contest the elections on NA-193, as a PPP candidate. The PPP lost the elections and was confined to the opposition benches in the subsequent National Assembly. 
With cases established against the PPP leadership, a multi-pronged strategy was initiated by the party to defend its leadership. It included contesting cases in the courts and apprising international institutions about the conduct of these cases. 
In 1998, Benazir Bhutto nominated Wahab to become the Central Coordinator of the Human Rights Cell with responsibility for corresponding with human rights organizations abroad. During the incarceration period of Benazir Bhutto and Asif Ali Zardari, she wrote on various pressure tactics of the National Accountability Bureau and various government agencies against the couple as well as party leaders and workers. She was also an active proponent for the repealing of the Hudood Ordinance as well as the Blasphemy Law.
When the Pakistani general election, 2002 were called in October, she was nominated as a candidate for the reserved seats for women in the National Assembly. She took oath as a legislator and was also made part of the Standing Committee on Privatization and the Standing Committee on Economic Affairs. She was also a senior member of the Finance Committee of the National Assembly that looked after the Assembly's budget. 
In 2003, she attended the National Defence College course for civil leaders. She was one of the initiators of the relationship with the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and was invited to attend the "Win With Women – Global Initiative" of the Institute in December 2003. In June 2004, she was invited by the NDI to attend the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston where Senator John Kerry was nominated as the Democratic Party's candidate for president in 2004.
Fauzia also represented her party on a study tour of the German Parliamentary System in 2004. 
With the 2005 Local Government elections taking place in August, she gained responsibility for working out an adjustment with the Jamat-e-Islami in the District East of Karachi. In September 2005, she was nominated to contest the elections of Nazim of the City District Government Karachi. However, her candidature was withdrawn in favor Naimatullah Khan. 
During the National Assembly of 2002 and 2007, she was an active member of the opposition involved in a number of questions, calling attention notices, adjournment motions, resolutions and motions. She was also a mover of a number of bills including a bill on the environment and a ban on polythene bags. 
She was nominated again for a second term by the PPP and returned to the National Assembly. She took oath as a Treasury bench member on March 6, 2008.
After Information Minister Sherry Rehman resigned from her government position, the party position she held was taken away and Fauzia Wahab was appointed the Information Secretary of the PPP. By virtue of being the Information Secretary, Fauzia Wahab became an "ex officio" member of the Central Executive Committee of the Party.
In her second term as MNA, she was elected as Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National Assembly on Finance and Revenue. This committee was the second most active parliamentary committee after the Public Accounts Committee in the number of meetings held.
Benazir Bhutto's assassination.
PPP Chairperson Benazir Bhutto returned to Pakistan after eight years of self-exile on October 18, 2007. A crowd of nearly 3 million people had assembled outside Karachi's Jinnah International Airport. The convoy carrying Bhutto was attacked at midnight by a suicide bomber. More than 180 citizens and party workers were killed and more than 500 were injured. Wahab was also on the truck carrying Bhutto and was injured in the explosion. On December 27, 2007, Benazir Bhutto was assassinated in a gun and suicide bomb attack. Fauzia Wahab was one of the first leaders to reach the Bilawal House in Karachi and arranged for transportation of leaders and workers from Karachi to Garhi Khuda Bux for the funeral. She also received condolences from MQM Chief Altaf Hussain and various leaders on her assassination.
Raymond Davis controversy.
Wahab created a minor media controversy with her comments on Raymond Davis, a US citizen convicted of killing two men. Her comments on the outgoing Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi, who allegedly resigned for his support of the judicial process for the Raymond Davis case in refusing to accept US pressure to grant him diplomatic status, landed her in further trouble with the PPP leadership and the media.
Death.
Wahab was admitted to a local hospital for an elective gall bladder surgery on May 24, 2012. Her condition due to post operative complications worsened and she was moved to the ICU and had two subsequent surgeries. She died on Sunday, June 17, 2012. The Pakistan Peoples Party announced ten days of mourning for her death. Most Pakistani politicians expressed grief, including President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani. Her funeral prayer occurred after Zuhr prayers at Sultan Masjid, Defence area of Karachi, and was attended by Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Advisor to the Prime Minister on Interior Affairs, Rehman Malik, and other provincial and federal ministers.
Honors and awards.
Her sudden death was a shock to majority of the political class and media of Pakistan. A session of the National Assembly on July 6, 2012 was dedicated to her memory in which members belonging to all parties in the parliament paid glowing tributes to her. The session was adjourned after praying for her departed soul. Prominent among those who spoke included Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf, Makhdoom Amin Fahim, Aftab Sherpao, Bushra Gohar, Khwaja Saad Rafique, Hamid Saeed Kazmi and Abdul Qadir Patel. Abdul Qadir Patel requested the Speaker to form a parliamentary committee to ascertain facts if any negligence of doctors caused her death. He said that she lost her life due to a minor and ordinary operation conducted in an expensive private hospital.
On August 14, 2012, the president of Pakistan honored her with a posthumous Hilal-e-Imtiaz award for her services to democracy and parliament.
Senior Journalist, Mujahid Barelvi has compiled a book eulogizing Fauzia Wahab titled as ""Muskurahat Zinda Rehti Hay"" or "A Smile Never Dies". The book was launched at the Karachi Press Club on November 10, 2012 which was widely attended by a large number of political leaders belonging to PPP, MQM, Jamat-e-Islami, PML-N and PTI as well party workers, friends and well wishers. 

</doc>
<doc id="18562712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562712" title="Nahum Shahaf">
Nahum Shahaf

Nahum Shahaf () is an Israeli physicist who specializes in ballistics and film technology. 
Biography.
Nahum Shahaf earned a Master of Physics degree from Bar-Ilan University in 1977. Throughout most the 1980s, he worked on unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), which Israeli journalist Amnon Lord described as placing Shahaf "among the leading developers" of the technology. According to his curriculum vitae, Shahaf worked primarily on UAV optical tracking systems, before shifting his focus to missile systems and inventing over the next decade. In 1997, he received an Israeli Ministry of Science award for creativity for his work on compressed digital video transmission.
Al-Durrah investigation.
Muhammad al-Durrah was a 12-year-old Palestinian boy, reported to have been shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces (IDF) gunfire on September 30, 2000. Shahaf, noticing what he considered an anomaly in the video footage of the shooting, contacted Major General Yom Tov Samia, head of the Israel's Southern Command. Shahaf proposed that he and Joseph Doriel, an engineer Shahaf had previously collaborated with on conspiracy theories surrounding the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, should investigate the incident. Samia agreed, and on October 23, 2000, Shahaf helped arrange a re-enactment at an IDF shooting range, in front of a CBS "60 Minutes" camera crew. In late November 2000, the investigators concluded, based on the angles and rate of fire, that Israeli troops had probably not shot the boy.
Israeli newspapers "Haaretz" and the "Jerusalem Post" claimed that Shahaf had no ballistics experience and "Haaretz" described the investigation as "dubious." His previous involvement in raising doubts about the identity of Rabin's killer became the subject of controversy. Shahaf, however, spent months painstakingly collecting footage from reluctant cameramen and splicing the pieces together in rough temporal order to create an unbroken film of the day. Shahaf believes that al-Durrah was not killed by the IDF and may still be alive. 
In December 2007, following "Haaretz's" report on his work, which op-ed writer Gideon Levy described as an "eccentric obsession," Shahaf filed a defamation lawsuit against the newspaper charging that "Haaretz's" coverage had caused investors to back out of financing one of his inventions. He field for 400 million shekels (US $103 million) in damages.

</doc>
<doc id="18562717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562717" title="Peter Johnston (negotiator)">
Peter Johnston (negotiator)

Peter D. Johnston (born 1963) is an international negotiation expert whose results have been formally recognized by the US Government for their positive economic and social impact. 
Johnston is the author of the award-winning bestseller "Negotiating with Giants" (May 2008), in which he lays out distinct strategies and tactics based on his own experiences and those of dozens of smaller players from across time who got what they wanted from towering organizations and individuals in extreme circumstances.
"Negotiating with Giants" was recognized by an international jury at the 2009 Next Generation Indie Book Awards as one of the best independently published books across four distinct categories: Business, Social Change, Motivational, and How-to.
Johnston refers to successful smaller players as “Size Wizards” because of their ability to make themselves bigger, their giants smaller and their opportunities much larger than they would otherwise be. Size Wizards profiled through more than 100 stories and detailed examples in Johnston’s book include Baron Robert Fitzwalter (Magna Carta), Benjamin Franklin, Nelson Mandela, Harriet Beecher Stowe (Uncle Tom's Cabin), Rachel Carson (Silent Spring), Richard Branson, Cynthia Cooper (WorldCom), Courteney Cox (Friends) and hostage Ashley Smith. Johnston maintains that smaller players must learn from those who’ve gone before them because the number of giants in our lives today, and their size, is unprecedented historically―while the stakes in areas such as the environment and international relations are perhaps higher than ever before.
As a negotiator, advisor, mediator and teacher, Johnston works with companies, governments and non-profit organizations of all sizes worldwide, tackling their toughest negotiation challenges. He has advised clients ranging from Wall Street bankers, UN officials and political leaders to start-up entrepreneurs, cheated spouses and convicted felons. Corporate clients have included Microsoft, Intel, Oracle Corporation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Johnson & Johnson, Suez, and HSBC. He practices “integrated negotiation,” an approach he and his firm developed that maximizes value by seamlessly weaving together a negotiator’s core operating activities with their negotiation activities. Johnston emphasizes influence strategies away from the negotiation table that better position negotiators once they arrive at the negotiation table, if they choose to negotiate directly at all.
The early foundations for Johnston’s unique approaches to influence were formed by working closely with founders of the Harvard Negotiation Project, the Program on Negotiation and the Harvard Negotiation Roundtable in the mid-to-late 1990s. His mentors in the negotiation field are Harvard Business School Professor Howard Raiffa (The Art and Science of Negotiation) and Harvard Law School Professor Roger Fisher (Getting to YES). A reviewer from Embassy Magazine, Jeff Davis, compares Johnston’s book Negotiating with Giants to that of his best-selling Harvard mentor, saying: “Whereas Getting to Yes provided the broad strokes of negotiation strategy, Mr. Johnston uses a finer brush to fill in an important corner of the canvas.”
Johnston graduated from Harvard in 1990 with an MBA focused on negotiation and finance. As part of his studies, he advised his first negotiation client, Bob Kraft, now owner of the New England Patriots. The advice related to the negotiation of a joint venture in eastern Europe involving Kraft's paper holdings at the time. 
After graduating from Harvard, he went on to work in corporate and investment banking for the TD Financial Group, overseeing and aggressively building up the bank’s business in Continental Europe. Afterward, he was drawn back to Cambridge to join Raiffa and Fisher in teaching negotiation and applying Harvard negotiation research to client work in the US and abroad. 
Before attending Harvard, Johnston worked as a correspondent for the CTV Television Network in Canada, covering economic and political news. He started reporting for CTV between his classes at Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada, where he was a student and would later receive a Bachelor degree in journalism (1985). He was awarded the Henry Marshall Tory Award, given to the university's outstanding graduate for academic achievement, extracurricular contributions and leadership.
Born in Montreal, Quebec, Johnston now divides his time between the US and Canada, as well as both coasts. While he worked quietly behind the scenes on behalf of his clients for more than a decade, with the release of "Negotiating with Giants", his profile has been raised significantly. He’s been interviewed by media around the world, talking about his work, his book and commenting on newsworthy negotiations, conflicts, and political and economic issues. He has been quoted widely in newspapers such as The Wall Street Journal and online media including Fortune Small Business, BusinessWeek, FOX Business News and The Globe and Mail. He's also been interviewed on dozens of radio and television programs, ranging from CNN and ABC’s “America This Morning” to Oprah & Friends and Jim Blasingame’s nationally syndicated Small Business Advocate Show in the United States. Johnston occasionally lectures at universities and speaks at conferences. He is the Managing Director of NAI Limited, a consulting firm he founded in Cambridge, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18562725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562725" title="Eugene Bordinat">
Eugene Bordinat

Eugene Bordinat, Jr. (10 February 1920 – 11 August 1987) was a Ford Motor Company styling executive whose career spanned several decades.
Early career.
Bordinat was educated at the Cranbrook Academy of Art and University of Michigan. He joined General Motors in 1939 as a trainee. During World War II he was a supervisor at Fisher Body for tank production, and later served in the United States Army Air Forces. Bordinat briefly returned to work at GM as a senior stylist after the war.
Ford career.
Bordinat joined Ford in 1947, quitting General Motors. He supervised styling at the Lincoln-Mercury division, influencing the implementation of many automotive designs. Bordinat was promoted to vice president for styling and a chief designer in 1961, the successor to George W. Walker. He ultimately served 19 years, longer than anyone in Ford Styling before or since. His favorite designs during his tenure included successful cars like the Ford Mustang and Lincoln Continental Mk III, as well as the Pinto. Bordinat was an enthusiast of the wire-wheels-and-stand-up-grilles school of design, as reflected in the Mark III and a number of other cars he styled. He retired from Ford in 1980 following his 60th birthday.
Personal life.
Bordinat is quoted to have said "Beauty is a good 10-day sales report", a methodology that made him versatile and adaptive. He was a member of the Industrial Designers Society of America from its founding in 1965. In his retirement he wrote a light-hearted autobiography manuscript entitled "My Days at the Court of Henry II". Though it had been finished and accepted, it was being edited at the time of his death to accommodate a more "anti-Iacocca slant" as suggested by the publisher and of which Bordinat approved. Eugene Bordinat died suddenly of an undiagnosed lung ailment at the Henry Ford Hospital on August 11, 1987. Although his widow Teresa said that she would finish it, the work was never published.

</doc>
<doc id="18562726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562726" title="Yotvingia">
Yotvingia

Yotvingia (, , , old ) was a region where the Baltic tribe known as Yotvingians lived. It was located in the area of Sudovia and Dainava; south west from the upper Neman, between Marijampolė, Merkinė (Lithuania), Slonim, Kobryn (Belarus), Białystok, and Ełk (Poland); 
Today this area corresponds mostly to the Podlaskie Voivodeship of Poland, part of Lithuania and a part of Hrodna Province and Brest Province of Belarus. 
History.
The Treaty of 944 between Kievan prince Igor and the Byzantine Empire has the names of many Rus' ambassadors - one of which was Jatviag Gunarev. It is also the first written documentation of the term Jatviag, or Yatviag.
The southern part of the Yotvingian lands, Sudovia and Galindia, were subdued by Kievan Rus' army, led by Vladimir I of Kiev in 983. 
Netimeras, a ruler of the Yotvingians, was converted to Christianity by Bruno of Querfurt in 1009.
When his father died in 1170, Roman the Great was bequeathed the Principality of Vladimir-in-Volhynia. He subdued the Yatvingians, and harnessed the captives instead of oxen to drag the plows on his estates.
From the 13th century, Yotvingians began raiding adjacent areas of Masovia, Lublin and Volhynia, after Konrad I of Masovia and Daniel of Halych had invaded them. 
In 1264, the Duke of Krakow, Boleslaw V the Chaste organized an expedition against Yotvingia. On 23 June 1264 the two armies met near Brańsk. The Battle of Brańsk lasted two days pitting the forces of Yotvingia, led by Komata ("Kumata") against the well equipped Krakovian army. The Yotvingian forces were routed in a bloody battle and Komata was killed.
In the 1280s the Northern Yotvingians were partly conquered and dispersed by the Teutonic Knights; some Yotvingians then took refuge in the Duchy of Lithuania. 
On 27 September 1422, the Treaty of Melno ended the Gollub War. The Treaty divided Yotvingia between the Teutonic Knights, the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.

</doc>
<doc id="18562735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562735" title="Paragaswewa">
Paragaswewa

Paragaswewa is a rural village and a fourth-order administrative division located in Kurunegala district, North western province of Sri Lanka. The estimate terrain elevation above seal level is 220 metres.
Directions.
Melsiripura being the closest town, which is about 3 km away.Paragaswewa can be reached via A6(Ambepussa- Trincomalee)main road, if you are coming from Kurunegala direction you have to turn to right side at 15th mile post and enter the gravel road which runs adjacent to Kumara Reataurant and it will lead you to the village after traveling about 1.5 km from A6 main road.
History.
Written documents about Paragaswewa are available from 1931.According to the older generation, people migrated to this village from suburbs of Kandy, during the last era of the Kingdom of Kandy (1700–1800), due to population growth.
Population.
Now it has a population of more than 200 people belonging to 65 families.
All are Sinhalese and as having common roots all are relatives.
Economy.
They mainly depend on agriculture.Most of them are paddy growers but there are coconut plantations also. But now increasing amount of people tend to move to urban areas looking for jobs. There 3 rural groceries to supply daily needs to villagers.
Educational institutes.
Paragaswewa village has a Buddhist temple - Sri Jinendraramaya, government school - Udanvita Vidyalaya, two water reservoirs, paddy fields and number of coconut plantations.
Exact geographical location is 7°37'20"N 80°30'44"E .

</doc>
<doc id="18562765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562765" title="Neri vs. Senate">
Neri vs. Senate

Neri vs. Senate Committee, et al. is a controversial ruling of the Supreme Court of the Philippines which affirmed the invocation of executive privilege by petitioner Romulo Neri, member of the Cabinet of President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, regarding questions asked during a Congressional inquiry on the controversial multi-million dollar National Broadband Network (NBN) Project. The Supreme Court finally affirmed this ruling on September 4 and 23, 2008 by denying the defendant Senate Committees' first and second Motions for Reconsideration. 
The facts and the Court's ruling.
Petitioner Romulo Neri, then Director General of the National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA), was invited by the respondent Senate Committees to attend their joint investigation on the alleged anomalies in the National Broadband Network (NBN) Project. This project was contracted by the Philippine Government with the Chinese firm Zhong Xing Telecommunications Equipment (ZTE), which involved the amount of US$ 329,481,290. When he testified before the Senate Committees, he disclosed that then Commission on Elections Chairman Benjamin Abalos, brokering for ZTE, offered him P200 million in exchange for his approval of the NBN Project. He further narrated that he informed President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo about the bribery attempt and that she instructed him not to accept the bribe. However, when probed further on what they discussed about the NBN Project, petitioner refused to answer, invoking “executive privilege.” In particular, he refused to answer the questions on "1.) whether or not the President followed up the NBN Project, 2.) whether or not she directed him to prioritize it, and 3.) whether or not she directed him to approve it."
Later on, respondent Committees issued a Subpoena Ad Testificandum to petitioner, requiring him to appear and testify on 20 November 2007. However, Executive Secretary Eduardo Ermita sent a letter dated 15 November to the Committees requesting them to dispense with Neri's testimony on the ground of executive privilege. Ermita invoked the privilege on the ground that “the information sought to be disclosed might impair our diplomatic as well as economic relations with the People’s Republic of China,” and given the confidential nature in which these information were conveyed to the President, Neri “cannot provide the Committee any further details of these conversations, without disclosing the very thing the privilege is designed to protect.” Thus, on 20 November, Neri did not appear before the respondent Committees.
On 22 November, respondents issued a Show Cause Letter to Neri requiring him to show cause why he should not be cited for contempt for his failure to attend the scheduled hearing on 20 November. On 29 November, Neri replied to the Show Cause Letter and explained that he did not intend to snub the Senate hearing, and requested that if there be new matters that were not yet taken up during his first appearance, he be informed in advance so he can prepare himself. He added that his non-appearance was upon the order of the President, and that his conversation with her dealt with delicate and sensitive national security and diplomatic matters relating to the impact of the bribery scandal involving high government officials and the possible loss of confidence of foreign investors and lenders in the Philippines. Respondents found the explanation unsatisfactory, and later on issued an Order citing Neri in contempt and consequently ordering his arrest and detention at the Office of the Senate Sergeant-At-Arms until he appears and gives his testimony.
Filing of the petition.
Neri filed this present petition asking the Court to nullify both the Show Cause Letter and the Contempt Order for having been issued with grave abuse of discretion amounting to lack or excess of jurisdiction, and stressed that his refusal to answer the three questions was anchored on a valid claim to executive privilege in accordance with the ruling in the landmark case of Senate vs. Ermita (G.R. No. 169777, 20 April 2006). For its part, the Senate Committees argued that they did not exceed their authority in issuing the assailed orders because there is no valid justification for Neri's claim to executive privilege. In addition, they claimed that the refusal of petitioner to answer the three questions violates the people’s right to public information, and that the executive is using the concept of executive privilege as a means to conceal the criminal act of bribery in the highest levels of government.
The main issue and the Court's ruling.
The main substantial issue sought to be resolved in the case was whether the three questions that petitioner Neri refused to answer were covered by executive privilege, making the arrest order issued by the respondent Senate Committees void.
The divided Supreme Court (voting 9-6) was convinced that the three questions are covered by presidential communications privilege, and that this privilege has been validly claimed by the executive department, enough to shield petitioner Neri from any arrest order the Senate may issue against him for not answering such questions.
Validity of claim to executive privilege.
Citing the case of United States vs. Nixon (418 U.S. 683), the Court laid out the three elements needed to be complied with in order for the claim to executive privilege to be valid. These are: 1.) the protected communication must relate to a quintessential and non-delegable presidential power; 2.) it must be authored, solicited, and received by a close advisor of the President or the President himself. The judicial test is that an advisor must be in “operational proximity” with the President; and, 3.) it may be overcome by a showing of adequate need, such that the information sought “likely contains important evidence,” and by the unavailability of the information elsewhere by an appropriate investigating authority.
Anent the first element, executive privilege may be validly claimed by the executive department only in cases where the power subject of the legislative inquiry is expressly granted by the Constitution to the President. Such powers include the commander-in-chief, appointing, pardoning, and diplomatic powers. In light of the doctrine of separation of powers, the said powers of the President enjoy a greater degree of confidentiality than other presidential powers. In the present case, Executive Secretary Ermita claimed executive privilege on the argument that the communications elicited by the three questions “fall under conversation and correspondence between the President and public officials” necessary in “her executive and policy decision-making process,” and that “the information sought to be disclosed might impair our diplomatic as well as economic relations with the People’s Republic of China.” It is clear then that the basis of the claim is a matter related to the quintessential and non-delegable presidential power of diplomacy or foreign relations.
As to the second element, the communications were received by a close advisor of the President. Under the “operational proximity” test, petitioner Neri can be considered a close advisor, being a member of the President's Cabinet.
And as to the third element, there is no adequate showing of a compelling need that would justify the limitation of the privilege and of the unavailability of the information elsewhere by an appropriate investigating authority. Presidential communications are presumptively privileged and that the presumption can be overcome only by mere showing of public need by the branch seeking access to such conversations. In the present case, respondent Committees failed to show a compelling or critical need for the answers to the three questions in the enactment of any law under Sec. 21, Art. VI. Instead, the questions veer more towards the exercise of the legislative oversight function under Sec. 22, Art. VI. As ruled in Senate vs. Ermita, the “the oversight function of Congress may be facilitated by compulsory process only to the extent that it is performed in pursuit of legislation.”
Compulsory process and Congress' oversight function.
In determining whether Congress correctly ordered Neri's arrest for his refusal to answer the three questions, a distinction must be first laid down between Sections 21 and 22, Article VI of the Philippine Constitution. Sec. 21 relates to the power to conduct inquiries in aid of legislation. Its aim is to elicit information that may be used for the enactment of laws. On the other hand, Sec. 22 pertains to the power to conduct a question hour, the objective of which is to obtain information in pursuit of Congress' oversight function over the executive department. Compulsory process is available in Congress' exercise of its powers under Sec. 21. In Sec. 22, it is NOT.
Senate vs. Ermita is clear: “When Congress merely seeks to be informed on how department heads are implementing the statutes which it has issued, its right to such information is not as imperative as that of the President to whom, as Chief Executive, such department heads must give a report of their performance as a matter of duty. In such instances, Section 22, in keeping with the separation of powers, states that Congress may only request their appearance. Nonetheless, when the inquiry in which Congress requires their appearance is ‘in aid of legislation’ under Section 21, the appearance is mandatory.”
Use of executive privilege in concealing a crime.
Respondent Committees argue that a claim of executive privilege does not guard against a possible disclosure of a crime or wrongdoing. The Court does not contest this. It has been settled that the specific need for evidence in a pending criminal trial outweighs the President’s generalized interest in confidentiality. However, the present case DOES NOT INVOLVE A CRIMINAL PROCEEDING where the information sought from Neri would help in meeting the demands of fair administration of criminal justice. Instead, the present controversy arose from a legislative inquiry. There is a clear difference between Congress' legislative tasks and the responsibility of a criminal court. While fact-finding by a legislative committee is undeniably a part of its task, legislative judgments normally depend more on the predicted consequences of proposed legislative actions and their political acceptability, than on precise reconstruction of past events; Congress frequently legislates on the basis of conflicting information provided in its hearings. In contrast, the responsibility of the criminal court turns entirely on its ability to determine whether there is probable cause to believe that certain named individuals did or did not commit specific crimes.
Executive privilege and the people's right to information.
It should be noted that petitioner Neri appeared before the respondent Committees and answered all of their questions except the three where he claimed executive privilege. Nevertheless, his refusal to answer based on the claim of executive privilege does not violate the people's right to information on matters of public concern simply because Sec. 7, Art. III of the Constitution itself provides that this right is “subject to such limitations as may be provided by law.” As correctly pleaded by Neri, he is precluded from divulging the answers to the three questions by Sec. 7 of R.A. 6713, Article 229 of the Revised Penal Code, Sec. 3(k) of R.A. 3019, and Section 24(e), Rule 130 of the Rules of Court. These are in addition to the larger concept of executive privilege, which recognizes the public interest in the confidentiality of certain information.
Right of Congress to information and the right to public information.
In addition, respondent Committees have a wrong understanding of the people's right to public information. The right of Congress or any of its Committees to obtain information in aid of legislation cannot be equated with the people’s right to public information. As laid down in Senate vs. Ermita, “the demand of a citizen for the production of documents pursuant to his right to information does not have the same obligatory force as a subpoena duces tecum issued by Congress. Neither does the right to information grant a citizen the power to exact testimony from government officials. These powers belong only to Congress, not to an individual citizen.” 
Even if Congress is composed of representatives elected by the people, it does not follow, except in a highly qualified sense, that in every exercise of its power of inquiry, the people are exercising their right to information. The members of respondent Committees should not invoke as justification in their exercise of power a right properly belonging to the people in general. This is because when they discharge their power, they do so as public officials and members of Congress.
Abuse of discretion in ordering Neri's arrest.
In fine, the Court gave five reasons for ruling that respondents exceeded their authority in issuing the assailed orders:
1.) There being a legitimate claim of executive privilege, the issuance of the contempt Order is void.
2.) Respondents did not comply with the requirement laid down in Senate vs. Ermita that the invitations should contain the “possible needed statute which prompted the need for the inquiry,” along with “the usual indication of the subject of inquiry and the questions relative to and in furtherance thereof,” as required in Sec. 21 and 22, Art. VI of the Constitution.
3.) Only a minority of the Senate Blue Ribbon Committee was present during the deliberation for the issuance of the contempt Order. This is in violation of Sec. 18 of the Rules of Procedure Governing Inquiries in Aid of Legislation, which provides that “the Committee, by a vote of majority of all its members, may punish for contempt any witness before it who disobeys any order of the Committee or refuses to be sworn or to testify or to answer proper questions by the Committee or any of its members.”
4.) Respondents violated Sec. 21, Art. VI of the Philippine Constitution, requiring that the inquiry be in accordance with the “duly published rules of procedure.” This requires the Senate of every Congress to publish its rules of procedure governing inquiries in aid of legislation because every Senate is distinct from the one before it or after it. Since Senatorial elections are held every three years for one-half of the Senate’s membership, the composition of the Senate also changes by the end of each term. Each Senate may thus enact a different set of rules as it may deem fit. Not having published its Rules of Procedure, the subject hearings in aid of legislation conducted by the 14th Senate are therefore procedurally infirm.
5.) The issuance of the contempt Order is arbitrary and precipitate. The respondent Committees did not first pass upon the claim of executive privilege and inform petitioner of their ruling. Instead, they dismissed his explanation as “unsatisfactory” and simultaneously issued the Order citing him in contempt and ordering his immediate arrest and detention, even if he has expressed his desire to appear before them to answer other questions except those covered by executive privilege.
Doctrines laid down.
1.) Compulsory process in legislative proceedings can only be exercised by Congress in inquiries in aid of legislation under Sec. 21 Art. VI, and not in the exercise of its oversight function under Sec. 22 Art. VI.
2.) Executive privilege cannot be used to conceal a crime or a possible wrongdoing. Thus, the specific need for evidence in a pending criminal trial outweighs the President’s generalized interest in confidentiality. However, there is a difference between a criminal investigation and a legislative inquiry, and the presumption in favor of confidentiality precedes the right to demand information if the information is elicited in legislative inquiries and not in criminal investigations.
3.) The right of Congress or any of its Committees to obtain information in aid of legislation cannot be equated with the people’s right to public information. The demand of a citizen for the production of documents pursuant to his right to information does not have the same obligatory force as a subpoena duces tecum issued by Congress. In the exercise of its power, Congress cannot invoke a right properly belonging to the people in general. This is because when they discharge their power, they do so as public officials and members of Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="18562775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562775" title="If I Had My Way">
If I Had My Way

If I Had My Way is a 1940 musical comedy film directed by David Butler and starring Bing Crosby and Gloria Jean. Based on a story by David Butler, the film is about a construction worker who takes charge of the daughter of a fellow worker killed in an accident. After bringing the girl to New York to find her uncle, who has spent his life savings on a failed restaurant, he tries to help the girl and her uncle make the restaurant a success.
Plot.
Buzz Blackwell, Fred Johnson and Axel Swenson are construction workers who are building a bridge. They are good friends and Buzz and Axel even help Fred raising his daughter Patricia. When Fred tragically dies in a fatal accident, Patricia is forced to live with her relatives in New York City whom she has never met. Buzz and Axel decide to depart with her. They soon arrive at her uncle and aunt Jarvis and Brenda, who are horrible persons. Jarvis is a snobby rich man, while Brenda is supercilious. Jarvis has received a letter from Buzz, warning him for their arrival and wants no part in raising Patricia. As they show up, Jarvis pretends to be someone else and sends them to the other "J. Johnson". This is Joe, Patricia's great uncle and husband of Marian. They are poor ex-vaudevillans but welcome them with open arms. Buzz wants to give Joe Fred's money he left him for Patricia, but finds out a drunken Axel used that money to buy a Swedish restaurant. This restaurant, which is doomed to fail, is now the only money bringer for the Johnsons. Buzz is determined to help them out and turns the restaurant in a night club, but is bothered with Jarvis, he has returned to claim "his" money back.
Reception.
Reviewers in 1940 had kind words for Bing and Gloria, but complained about the timeworn storyline. "Although it can hardly be termed an original model," said "Boxoffice", Crosby film is nicely tailored to his distinctive brand of comedy and crooning. Bing is ably aided and abetted by Gloria Jean, captivating miss of the silvery voice. In fact the teaming of these two song birds is a ten-strike in smart casting and the resultant feature has much to offer customers of all ages and tastes, with a bonus for the oldsters who will enjoy a nostalgic thrill through the appearances of Blanche Ring, Eddie Leonard, and several other oldtimers whose stars shone brightly during the golden era of the theatah."
Upon the film's recent DVD release, DVD Talk praised Crosby and thought Jean was cute, but criticized the plot and called the film "strictly second-run material".
Home media.
On November 14, 2006, Universal Studios released "If I Had My Way" as part of the Bing Crosby:Screen Legend Collection on Region 1 DVD. The 3-disc set also includes "Double or Nothing" (1937), "Waikiki Wedding" (1937), "East Side of Heaven" (1939) and "Here Come the Waves" (1944).

</doc>
<doc id="18562803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562803" title="Masanobu Kikukawa">
Masanobu Kikukawa

Masanobu Kikukawa（喜久川政信） Hanshi is an Okinawan martial artist and chairman of the Shorin-ryu Shinkokai style of Okinawan Karate. Kikukawa was a longtime student of Sokuichi Gibu Hanshi and Seiki Toma Hanshi before co-founding Shinkokai along with colleague Tatsunori Azuma in 1985. In the early 1990s, Kikukawa emigrated to Victoria, British Columbia where he founded the Canadian division of Shinkokai while Tatunori Azuma（東辰徳 1952~2012) continued representing the organization in Okinawa. Currently Kikukawa is the only "native" Okinawan Karate master residing and teaching traditional Shorin-ryu Karate in Canada. also He opened an acupuncture clinic in Surrey, BC; he works with a group of family practitioners in Surrey BC Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="18562819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562819" title="James Mansell">
James Mansell

Revd. Canon James Seymour Denis Mansell, KCVO MA FSA JP, formerly Deputy Clerk of the Closet, Sub-dean of the Chapel Royal, Sub-Almoner, and Domestic Chaplain to Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom 1965-79.
Mansell was born in Leamington on 18 June 1907 and educated at Brighton College and Exeter College, Oxford, where he read French. He spent more than thirty years as a schoolmaster, first at Dulwich College from 1934-9 and then at Winchester College from 1939-65. In 1941, pressed by his headmaster, Mansel took holy orders and was successively assistant chaplain, chaplain and, from 1955-62, housemaster at Winchester. 
In 1965 he abandoned teaching on being offered the posts of Sub-Dean of HM Chapels Royal, Deputy Clerk of the Closet and Sub-Almoner and Domestic Chaplain to the Queen on the recommendation of Bishop Roger Wilson of Chichester, Clerk of the Closet. Mansel was, in fact, the first full-time Chaplain to the Queen to be appointed.
He was a Canon and Prebendary of Chichester Cathedral from 1971-81 and became Canon Emeritus in 1981. 
A Londoner by adoption and affection, Mansel worked as an assistant priest at St Margaret's, Westminster, after retirement from his chaplaincy, and in 1988 was appointed an honorary priest vicar at Westminster Abbey, an office he held until his death on 22 September 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18562821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562821" title="George Burrell (rugby union)">
George Burrell (rugby union)

George "Dod" Burrell (21 January 1921 – 28 July 2001) was a international rugby union player, referee and administrator.
Burrell was capped four times as a fullback for Scotland between 1950 and 1951. On retiring from playing he took up refeering and refereed two international matches - one each in the 1958 Five Nations Championship and 1959 Five Nations Championship. He was assistant manager of the 1970 Scotland tour to Australia and took over as manager when Hector Monro had to return to Britain to fight a General Election. Burrell also managed the 1975 Scotland rugby union tour of New Zealand and the 1977 British Lions tour to New Zealand, and he was President of the Scottish Rugby Union in 1985-86.
He played club rugby for Gala.

</doc>
<doc id="18562834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562834" title="Luxembourg–Russia relations">
Luxembourg–Russia relations

Luxembourg–Russia relations (, ) are the bilateral foreign relations between Luxembourg and Russia. Luxembourg has an embassy in Moscow and an honorary consulate in Saint Petersburg. Russia has an embassy in the city of Luxembourg.
Both countries are full members of the Council of Europe, the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, and the United Nations.
In the history of bilateral relations, the first Russian president to come on an official visit to Luxembourg was Vladimir Putin on 24 May 2007. As bilateral trade had more than tripled from USD 66.6 million in 2003 to USD 228.3 million in 2006, time had come to strengthen the ties between the two countries, energy and finance being the key areas of cooperation between Russia and Luxembourg.
Russian immigrant workers in Luxembourg.
In 1926 about a hundred White émigré families, mostly former officers, came over Bulgaria to Luxembourg to work mainly in the flourishing iron ore industry.
Since 1982, the Grand Duchy has a Russian Orthodox Church.
On 1 June 2008 there were 943 Russians registered in Luxembourg.
2008 South Ossetia War.
During the 2008 South Ossetia War, Luxembourg claimed that Russia violated United Nations Security Council Resolution 1808 which Russia had voted for only a few months before. Luxembourg criticism escalated especially after its recognition of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. While Luxembourg refuses to recognise either, Abkhazia is now recognised by 6 UN member states and South Ossetia by 5, respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="18562836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562836" title="Kruger House (Truckee, California)">
Kruger House (Truckee, California)

The Kruger House (or C.B. White House) is a historic building located at 10292 Donner Pass Road, in Truckee, Nevada County, northern California.
The mansion was built in 1874 by W. H. Kruger, who was then a partner in the Truckee Lumber Company. It was originally designed as a single family residence, in the Queen Anne Eastlake Victorian style. It served as a hotel in the early 19th century.
The restored building currently houses a restaurant and specialty store, in the Brickelltown neighborhood west of downtown Truckee. In 1982 it was registered with the California Office of Historic Preservation, and added to the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Kruger family.
The mansion was built by William Henry Kruger for his wife and eventual six children. It is reported that Mr. Kruger 'imported' fourteen Austrian craftsmen for the project. Henry Kruger was born in Germany April 9, 1830, and came to America in 1852. While engaged in mining, mercantile pursuits and the sawmill business, he lived in Grass Valley, Dutch Flat, and finally Truckee, where he became half-owner of the very large and successful Truckee Lumber Company with E. J. Brickell (the namesake of that part of town). His partnership with Mr. Brickell involved one of the most efficient and progressive mills in the area, in addition to a supply house offering the latest and best materials available for construction, decorating and furnishing for the most discriminating customers.
Henry Kruger passed away June 27, 1891, leaving his fortune, which by then had grown to an estimated million 1891 dollars, to his wife and children. Mary Adella Richardson Kruger lived until the age of 93, passing away November 3, 1940. Nearly all of Kruger's surviving grand, great-grand and great-great-grandchildren are living in California today.
White family.
Charles Bernard White, a Bank of America executive and prominent Truckee citizen, purchased the home in November 1904 for his wife Belle and infant son C. B. White, Junior. Belle White, in her youth, was a Sacramento Beauty Queen, and also a noted concert pianist, offering instruction in their home for many decades. The Truckee old-timers still speak of the massive piano and other exquisite furnishings that adorned the 'White House.' He was later deeply involved in the Lincoln Highway through Truckee Project. Barney White Jr. later attended the University of California, Berkeley, becoming a well-regarded Sacramento civil engineer, and was a long-time leader of the Sacramento Banjo-Players' Association.
It was during the early 1900s that the White family opened their home to help alleviate the local lodging shortage: from 1912 to the late twenties, the 'White House Hotel' catered to the first automobile traffic over Donner Pass Summit, which included many notable early Lake Tahoe residents and preservationists; for instance D. L. Bliss, his and numerous signatures of other wealthy and famous can be found in the original White House Hotel Register, beginning July 1912. After the late 1920s, the home returned to use as a single family residence. It eventually suffered a period of vacancy and deterioration through the mid 20th century.
Krakowsky restoration.
Under the direction of Zena Krakowsky, a long-time Truckee resident and progressive businessperson, the mansion underwent an extensive and painstakingly precise seven-year rehabilitation, with attention being paid to every detail, including closely matching the Axminster carpet, wallpaper to reflect the originals, and custom-mixed paints to tie the interior architecture together. All parts were refurbished, including molding, fretwork and stained-glass windows.
During the project, the building was transparently upgraded to commercial code in preparation for Ms. Krakowsky's opening the building to the public in 1980 as an antique shop and fine-dining establishment. In 1982, based on the quality of rehabilitation and preservation, the Kruger-White House received the honor of being the first property in the area to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 17 June 1982, it was registered with the California Office of Historic Preservation, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places (#82002220). She operated businesses in the Kruger-White House from 1973 to 1995.
After the home was rehabilitated, the original 'White House Hotel Sign,' the hotel register (July 1912—forward), and other historic items discovered in the basement during rehabilitation were donated to the Truckee-Donner Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="18562840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562840" title="Hidato">
Hidato

Hidato (, originating from the Hebrew word Hida = Riddle) is a logic puzzle game invented by Dr. Gyora Benedek, an Israeli mathematician. The goal of Hidato is to fill the grid with consecutive numbers that connect horizontally, vertically, or diagonally. Numbrix puzzles, created by Marilyn Vos Savant, are similar to Hidato except that diagonal moves are not allowed. The names Numbrix and Hidato are registered trademarks.
About the puzzle.
In Hidato, a grid of cells is given. It is usually square, like Sudoku or Kakuro, but it can also include irregular shaped grids like hearts, skulls, and so forth. It can have inner holes (like a disc), but It has to be made of only one piece.
The goal is to fill the grid with a series of consecutive numbers adjacent to each other vertically, horizontally, or diagonally.
In every Hidato puzzle the smallest and the highest numbers are given on the grid. There are also other given numbers on the grid (with values between the smallest and the highest) to help direct the player how to start the solution and to ensure that Hidato has a single solution. 
Note: the above condition on the smallest or highest numbers are sometimes relaxed: only their values can be given, without their positions on the grid (of course, the difference between these values must be equal to the number of cells in the grid minus one). This may lead to harder puzzles. 
Every well-formed Hidato puzzle is supposed to have a unique solution. Moreover, a Hidato puzzle intended for human solvers should have a solution that can be found by (more or less) simple logic. However, there exists very hard Hidato puzzles, even of small size.
Hidato puzzles are published in newspapers such as the "Daily Mail" and "Detroit Free Press".
Solving techniques.
As in many logic puzzles, the basic resolution technique consists of analyzing the possibilities for each number of being present in each cell. When a cell can contain only one number (Naked Single) or when a number has only one possible place (Hidden Single), it can be asserted as belonging to the solution. 
One key to the solution is, it does not have to be built in ascending (or descending) order; it can be built piecewise, with pieces starting from different givens.
As in the Sudoku case, the resolution of harder Hidato or Numbrix puzzles requires the use of more complex techniques - in particular of various types of chain patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="18562843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562843" title="Copa Pachuca 2006">
Copa Pachuca 2006

Copa Pachuca 2006 was the seventh edition of the Copa Pachuca. Cruz Azul humiliated the hose of Copa Pachuca and achieved the championship to tie the hosts in number of titles. This tournament saw a pause after this final probably due to C.F. Pachuca's successful campaigns that made them aim higher than before.
Bracket.
(Third Place) - 14 July - Estadio Hidalgo 

</doc>
<doc id="18562872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562872" title="Central Pattana">
Central Pattana

Central Pattana (, ) is Thailand's largest retail property development and management arm of the Central Group, Central Pattana was founded as Central Plaza Co., Ltd. on with a registered capital of 300 million baht by Central Group, Techapaiboon family, Saha Union group and minor shareholders. The company became registered as a public limited company in 1994 and was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand on . Mr. Kobchai Chirathivat is the current President and CEO.
Central Pattana Today.
Over 30 successful years, CPN has evolved into Thailand's largest and most sophisticated developer of retail property. Currently the Company owns and manages 23 premium shopping centers, five office buildings and two residential condominiums. The company will also be advising DLF on the 'Roy's world' project. With a total gross floor area (GFA) exceeding squaremetres and Gross Leasable Area (GLA) of , CPN is undoubtedly the industry leader surpassing its closest competitor by more than double in size.
The Company's long-term strategy envisages the development of its trademark shopping centers in well-identified locations offering high potential both in Bangkok and in major cities throughout Thailand. Its next challenge is to move overseas, exporting its retail property expertise to neighboring countries through the development of innovative World class shopping centers in strategic markets
Shopping mall concepts.
CPN operates 3 kind of shopping mall concepts:
International shopping center and multi experiential retail and leisure destination with over of net leasable area. There is currently one branch of CentralWorld.
The "real shopping experience" with a complete quality selection that enhances every lifestyle, fashion and entertainment. A typical mall of this size has around of net leasable area. There are currently 18 malls of this concept with 3 malls under construction. The first mall of this concept opened in 1982 and is CentralPlaza Ladprao.
The "shopping and entertainment experience" with holiday spirit and local novelty, it is designed to cater more international visitors. Approximately of net leasable area. There are currently 3 malls and 1 mall underconstruction. The first mall of this concept opened on Pattaya Beach.
Completed Projects.
CPN is currently managing 23 shopping centers, 5 office buildings, 2 hotel and 2 residential projects.
Future Projects.
CPN is currently announced 5 secured futures projects.

</doc>
<doc id="18562885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562885" title="Deez Nuts">
Deez Nuts

Deez Nuts is an Australian hardcore band that formed in Melbourne, Australia in 2007. Currently comprising vocalist JJ Peters, guitarist Matt Rogers, bassist Jon Green and drummer Alex Salinger. The band has released one EP and three studio albums. It was named after Dr. Dre's song of the same name.
History.
Formation and "Rep Your Hood" (2007–2008).
Deez Nuts started after the disbanding of Australian metalcore band I Killed the Prom Queen, of which JJ Peters was the drummer. After being heavily influenced by the hip hop and hardcore punk styles of music, Peters decided to start Deez Nuts. After he wrote a few songs he entered the studio to record the "Deez Nuts 2007 Demo".
The band played a few shows around Melbourne, and after such a positive response Peters entered the studio again to finish recording Deez Nuts' first release, an EP titled, "Rep Your Hood". Shortly after the release, Deez Nuts embarked on their first tour of Australia during October 2007, the infamous "Drunk and Disorderly Tour", with friends The Amity Affliction and The Daylight Curse.
"Stay True" (2008–2010).
After a short break the band then set out on an Australian "Boys of Summer Tour" in January 2008 with Silverstein, alongside Set Your Goals, The Amity Affliction and Capeside. The tour was a huge success for the band, who were growing bigger within the Australian Hardcore Community. Shortly after the "Boys of Summer Tour", JJ began writing the next release for the band.
JJ placed Deez Nuts on hold for the months of May and June 2008, to focus on his commitment to the I Killed the Prom Queen farewell tour. I Killed the Prom Queen's "Say Goodbye Tour" took place in May and June 2008, with most shows selling out almost immediately. The supporting acts for the tour were Bring Me the Horizon, The Red Shore, The Ghost Inside and a local act from each city played at. After the tour, JJ continued writing for the debut album of Deez Nuts.
The Deez Nuts debut album was recorded by Roman Koester of The Red Shore at Complex Studios in August 2008. 
After the recording process, Deez Nuts embarked on a tour of Australia in September 2008, joined by I Killed the Prom Queen alumni Michael Crafter's new band Confession. Then in October, Deez Nuts was invited to tour Europe with English deathcore act Bring Me the Horizon along with friends The Red Shore and Ignominious Incarceration. 
During this tour of Europe, Deez Nuts' first album, "Stay True", was released on 4 October 2008, in Australia by Stomp Entertainment. Once returning from Europe, Deez Nuts began planning a National Australian tour in support of "Stay True'. "The Stay True Tour" took place from January to February 2009, supported by hip hop artist Louie Knuxx.
After a string of Australian shows, Deez Nuts returned to Europe to tour with English hardcore band Your Demise. During this tour, Deez Nuts organised a few headline shows in England, which received positive reviews and crowd reaction. The band immediately headed to the USA for a tour with American hardcore act Ligeia. Upon arrival to the US, the band was denied entry due to misinformation with their paperwork, and were sent back to Australia.
During the time in between tours JJ spent back in Australia, he formed a hip hop/rap group called Grips & Tonic with New Zealand rapper Louie Knuxx. The group released a full length album, "Want Some, Get Some", which was released in June 2008.
In June and July 2008, Deez Nuts toured Australia again on the second "Drunk and Disorderly Tour" with The Amity Affliction, this time playing much larger venues as the last tour, mainly because both bands had gained a larger fanbase due to recent album releases. At the after parties for the tour, JJ's new group Grips & Tonic played a string of shows, which received positive reviews.
In September 2008, Deez Nuts headlined the Australian "Sike Your Mind" tour, playing alongside Miles Away, Antagonist A.D., and In Trenches and Blkout. In October 2008, Deez Nuts returned to Europe with Swedish band Raised Fist, and returned to the Australian live scene in December on the "Schools Out for Summer Tour" with American band The Ghost Inside, Australian bands Mark My Words and Mourning Tide, and JJ's Grips & Tonic project.
"This One's for You" (2010–2013).
Deez Nuts released its second studio album in Australia on 21 May 2010. It was recorded by Roman Koester of The Red Shore at Complex Studios in April 2010, and frontman JJ Peters says it only took him two weeks to write. In a part of this album in the song "If You Don't Know You Know" features guest vocals from Bring Me The Horizon front man and lead singer Oli Sykes.
"Bout It! (2013-Present).
DEEZ NUTS released their third album, "Bout It" in March 2013. The album featured their full-time line up and some guest spots from members of Architects, Hatebreed, Madball, Suicide Silence, Skarhead, On Broken Wings and Endwell. It was Produced by Shane Frisby (The Ghost Inside), and consisted of 16 tracks, including singles "Band Of Brothers" and "Shot After Shot".

</doc>
<doc id="18562918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562918" title="Poola Rangadu">
Poola Rangadu

Poola Rangadu is a 24 November 1967 Tollywood film that is loosely based on A. J. Cronin's novel, "Beyond This Place". It was directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and stars ANR and Jamuna. It is a commercial hit film with some good songs.
Plot.
Rangadu (ANR) is called 'Poolarangadu', because of his purity of life. His father Veerayya is a manager at a mill, and is framed for the murder of one of the partners, Purushotham. He is sent to jail for a crime he didn't commit. Rangadu works hard to get his sister Padma educated. She marries a doctor, Prasad, who happens to be Purushotham's son. When he finds out she is Veerayya's daughter, he leaves her. Rangadu is enraged and beats the guy who informs Prasad. Rangadu is sent to jail. There he meets his father, learns about his innocence and vows to get him out. Once Rangadu is released, he earns the goodwill of the other two partners and finally exposes them. Veerayya is released, Rangadu marries his lover Venkata Laxmi (Jamuna) and Prasad takes Padma back.

</doc>
<doc id="18562950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562950" title="Jesolo">
Jesolo

Jesolo (or Iesolo) is a town and "comune" in the province of Venice, Italy.
Geography.
The town lies north of Venice, between Eraclea and Cavallino-Treporti. Jesolo gives its name to a lagoon (22 km²) on the Adriatic Sea, between the rivers Sile and Piave. The urbanized area lies on an island of sorts, delimited by the rivers Piave (on the east) and Sile (on the west), and an artificial canal called "Cavetta".
History.
In Roman times the lagoon extended over the area now occupied by the town. There were several islands in the lagoon, the biggest of which was known as "Equilium", the place of horses. It is thought that Jesolo represents a corruption of this name.
Economy.
The city's economy is mostly based on tourism. Jesolo is a famous seaside resort thanks to its abundant holiday facilities and its 15 km beach called Lido di Jesolo. At the height of its touristic life, Jesolo was hosting 6 million tourists per year. Currently these have dropped to around 4.5 million tourists per year due to the competition from new resort towns.
Sport.
Football teams:
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18562954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18562954" title="Chester R. Crain">
Chester R. Crain

Chester R. Crain (March 15, 1914 – December 13, 1984) served as mayor of Compton, California during a period of enormous transition.
Biography.
Chester Russell Crain was a native of Des Moines, Iowa. He was the third of at least nine children born to Carl R. and Lillie Crain. In the 1920s, the family moved to California and settled in the Signal Hill area. 
He was employed as track and field coach and a professor of English at Compton Community College. In 1953, Crain was elected to the Compton City Council, representing the 2nd District. He became the city's mayor after the resignation of Congressman-elect Del Clawson in 1963. He served as mayor of Compton, California during a tumultuous period in the city's history. Unlike some of his predecessors that were uncomfortable with the town's growing black population, Crain attempted to build bridges and make Compton a model of integration.
However, just a few months after his re-election in 1965, the Watts Riots broke out in the adjacent community in Los Angeles. He was an outspoken critic of Los Angeles Mayor Sam Yorty and accused him of neglecting the predominantly African American community. He was once quoted as saying, "Has he ever been to Watts?" 
In the wake of the riots many of the remaining whites left Compton and moved to new suburbs in nearby Los Angeles County communities such as Lakewood or to Orange County, a few miles south of Compton.
During his tenure, Compton's city council became majority African American. In 1969, he did not seek re-election and watched as City Councilman Douglas F. Dollarhide became the city's first black chief executive. By that time, the population of Compton was roughly 65% black.
After leaving office, Crain moved to the northern part of the state. He died in the Fresno, California area at the age of 70. He was living in Tulare County at the time of his death.

</doc>
