<doc id="18774315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774315" title="History of rugby union in Scotland">
History of rugby union in Scotland

Rugby union in Scotland is its modern form has existed since the mid-19th century. As with the history of rugby union itself however, it emerged from older traditional forms of football which preceded the codification of the sport. In the same manner as rugby union in England, rugby union in Scotland would grow at a significant rate to the point where Scotland played England in the first every rugby union international in 1871, a match which was won by the Scottish team.
In 1883, Scotland would become a founding member of the annual Home Nations Championship with England, Wales and Ireland, (now the Six Nations Championship with the inclusion of France and Italy), and since its creation in 1987 have competed in every Rugby World Cup. Scotland took part in co-hosting the 1991 Rugby World Cup, alongside the rest of the United Kingdom, Ireland and France. The governing body of rugby union in Scotland, Scottish Rugby Union, is the second oldest organisation of its kind, having been founded in 1873.
Early history (pre 1867).
Until the mid-nineteenth century the distinction between rugby football and association football (soccer) did not exist in Scotland so both codes share the same history. 
There is a long tradition of "football" games in Scotland, and many of these such as Jeddart Ball bear more resemblance to rugby than association football, since passing and carrying by hand play a large part in them. The Kirkwall Ba game still takes place, and involves scrummaging. Scottish soccer enthusiasts also cite these games as ancestral to their sport.
Codified rugby comes to Scotland.
Several new schools were formed in Scotland during the first half of the 19th century, among them The Edinburgh Academy (1824), Loretto (1827), Merchiston (1833), Glasgow Academy (1845) and Trinity College, Glenalmond (1847). It is known that unregulated forms of football were played at all of these schools, but it was in Edinburgh that the handling game first took root and spread to other areas of the country. Two young men, Francis Crombie and Alexander Crombie, came from Durham School to Edinburgh in 1854. Francis joined The Academy as a pupil but Alexander had already left school. Apparently, neither brother had played football at Durham School but they took with them a knowledge of the rules of football as played at Rugby School and this they passed on. Francis is recorded as having been the first school football captain and Alexander became actively involved in the formation of The Edinburgh Academical Football Club. He qualified for membership under a rule which allowed relatives of school pupils to become members. In 1858 he became the first captain of the Football Club - a position he held for eight years. During the same period, a boy named Hamilton came to The High School in Edinburgh (in 1856) from an English public school and brought with him the 'Rules of Rugby Football' as he had known them in the south. This document was instrumental in the High School's adapting their existing game to this new form. 
The first-ever inter-school match recorded in Scotland was Royal High School versus Merchiston (in Edinburgh), played on 13 February 1858. However, the game suffered from lack of uniformity of rule and ball. In The High School, in the early 1860s, football was played with '…monstrous inflated globes of vast circumference and ponderosity…'. H. H. Almond, a master at both Loretto and Merchiston and a founding father of the game in Scotland, describing an incident in a Loretto versus Merchiston match, wrote: '…but so little did any of us, masters or boys, then know about it, that I remember how, when Lyall ran with the ball behind the Merchiston goal the resulting try was appealed against on the ground that no player may cross the line whilst holding the ball. The previous rule at Merchiston had been that he must let go of the ball and kick it over before he touched it down. It must be said in excuse for this and other similar sins of ignorance, that the only available rules were those printed for the use of Rugby School. They were very incomplete and presupposed a practical knowledge of the game.' Gradually, over several years, the game approached that then being played at Rugby. There were local variations which, inevitably, resulted in disputes. Almond again: '…well into the 1870s the only schools able to play each other on even terms were The Edinburgh Academy, Merchiston and The High School.' From the mid-1860s, senior (former pupils) clubs started to appear in both the Edinburgh and Glasgow areas and these clubs, making good use of the then new railways, began to play each other. In those early club matches play was often halted whilst captains and umpires tried to settle some point of difference. Such disputes and mix-ups were frequent. Such a state of affairs could not continue indefinitely and a group of men from The Edinburgh Academical Football Club convened a series of meetings and, in 1868, with the agreement of the other schools and clubs, set out and had printed rules for the game in Scotland. The resulting booklet Laws of Football as played by the Principal Clubs in Scotland, became known as The Green Book. Alas, no copy survives but it is worthy of note that neither the clubs nor "The Green Book felt" it necessary to include the word 'Rugby' in their title. Indeed, the Scottish Football Union, formed in 1873, did not alter its name to become the Scottish Rugby Union until 1924 - the year prior to the opening of Murrayfield.
The world's oldest continual rugby fixture was first played in 1858 between Merchiston Castle School and the former pupils of The Edinburgh Academy, although the 'Edinburgh Courant' journal of Jan 1858 describes a Rugby Football match of December 1857 between sides representing 'The University' (Edinburgh) and 'The Academical Club' (Edinburgh Academicals FC).
1871-1924.
The first international and the Calcutta Cup.
The first international rugby football game resulted from a challenge issued in the sporting weekly "Bell's Weekly" on 8 December 1870 and signed by the captains of five Scottish clubs, inviting any team "selected from the whole of England" to a 20-a-side game to be played under the Rugby rules. The game was played at Raeburn Place, Edinburgh, the home ground of Edinburgh Academicals, on 27 March 1871. The English team wore white with a red rose and the Scots brown with a thistle. Three international matches played according to Association Football rules had already taken place at the Oval, London, in 1870 and 1871.
The team representing England was captained by Frederick Stokes of Blackheath, that representing Scotland was led by Francis Moncrieff; the umpire was Hely Hutchinson Almond, headmaster of Loretto College. England played in all white, with a red rose on their shirts; Scotland wore brown shirts and white cricket flannels.
The game, played over two halves, each of 50 minutes, was won by Scotland, who scored a goal (a try followed by a successful conversion kick). Both sides also scored a try, but these did not count as the conversion kicks were missed. Angus Buchanan scored the try (the first in international rugby), and William Cross converted it.
In a return match at the Kennington Oval, London, in 1872, England were the winners.
In December 1870, following a series of England v. Scotland eleven-a-side football matches played in London (all of which were won by England), a group of Scots players issued a letter of challenge in The Scotsman and in Bell's Life in London, to play an England XX at the carrying game. The first ever international rugby union game was played on the cricket field of The Edinburgh Academy at Raeburn Place, Edinburgh on 27 March 1871 between England and Scotland. The Scots won the encounter by a goal and a try to a solitary try scored by England, though England got revenge at the Kennington Oval, London in the following year. (See the library of the Scottish Rugby Union for details.)
The newspaper notice advertising the very first rugby international match - inconspicuous by being slotted in between
other items. (From The Scotsman, 27.3.1871) In December 1870, following a series of England v. Scotland eleven-a-side football matches played in London (all of which were won by England), a group of Scots players issued a letter of challenge in The Scotsman and in Bell's Life in London, to play an England XX at the carrying game. The English could hardly ignore such a challenge and this led to the first-ever rugby international match being played at Raeburn Place, Edinburgh, on Monday 27 March 1871. The Scots won the encounter by a goal and a try to a solitary try scored by England (a points scoring system had not
then been devised).
Scotland was responsible for organising the very first rugby international when a side representing England met the Scottish national side on the cricket field of the Edinburgh Academy at their Raeburn Place ground in 27 March 1871; Scotland won by one goal. 
Since that time, Scotland have been regular winners of the Calcutta Cup, the Six Nations Championship, and have participated in every edition of the Rugby World Cup. Many of the world's most famous players have worn the blue jersey.
The Calcutta Cup was gifted to the Rugby Football Union in 1878 by the members of the short-lived Calcutta Rugby
Club. The members had decided to disband: the cup was crafted from melted-down silver rupees which became
available when the Club's funds were withdrawn from the bank. The Cup is unique in that it is competed for annually
only by England and Scotland. The first Calcutta Cup match was played in 1879 and, since that time, over 100
matches have taken place.
Late 19th century.
The Scots enjoyed periodic success in the early days vying with Wales in the first decade of the 20th century. However, their Triple Crown win in 1907 would be the last for eighteen years as the First World War (1914–18) and England intervened to deny them glory.
In 1897 land was purchased, by the SFU, at Inverleith, Edinburgh. Thus the SFU became the first of the Home Unions to own its own ground. The first visitors were Ireland, on 18 February 1899 (Scotland 3 Ireland 9). International rugby was played at Inverleith until 1925. The SFU bought some land and built the first Murrayfield Stadium which was opened on 21 March 1925.
Union-League schism.
In 1895, there was a schism within the game of rugby in neighbouring England which saw the sport divided into rugby union which remained amateur and rugby league which permitted payments to players. However, no such split took place in Scotland where the clubs continued to play rugby union. Fourteen Scottish players would cross over and play rugby league in England before amateurism was abandoned.[http://www.rfu.com/microsites/museum/pdfs/exhibitions/leagues/apart6.pdf]
While rugby league is not as popular as rugby union in Scotland, it has maintained a continuous presence for over a century in the country, thanks partly to its proximity to Northern England which is the heartland of the game.
Invention of Rugby Sevens.
Scotland has played a seminal role in the development of rugby, notably in 
Rugby sevens, which were initially conceived by Ned Haig, a butcher from Melrose as a fundraising event for his local club in 1883. The first ever officially sanctioned international tournament of rugby occurred at Murrayfield as part of the "Scottish Rugby Union's celebration of rugby" centenary celebrations in 1973. Due to the success of the format, the ongoing Hong Kong Sevens was launched three years later. In 1993, the Rugby World Cup Sevens was launched and the trophy is known as the "Melrose Cup" in memory of Ned Haig's invention.
Origins of the SRU.
The "Scottish Football Union" (SFU) was founded in 1873 and was a founding member of the International Rugby Board in 1886 with Ireland and Wales. (England refused to join until 1890).
The SFU was responsible for organising the very first rugby international, when they challenged England to a game, on 27 March 1871, which Scotland won.
In 1924 the SFU changed its name to become the Scottish Rugby Union. International games were played at Inverleith from 1899 to 1925 when Murrayfield was opened.
1925-1945.
In 1925 Scotland already had victories over France at Inverleith (25-4), Wales in Swansea (24-14) and Ireland in Dublin (14-8). England, the Grand Slam champions of the two previous seasons were the first visitors to Murrayfield. 70,000 spectators saw the lead change hands three times before Scotland secured a 14-11 victory which gave them their first-ever Five Nations Grand Slam.
In 1926, Scotland became the first Home nation side to defeat England at Twickenham after England had won the Grand Slam five times in eight seasons. 
The outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939 brought rugby union in Scotland to a halt. The SRU cancelled all arranged trial and international matches and encouraged the member clubs to carry on as best they could. Some clubs closed down, others amalgamated and carried on playing other local clubs and, sometimes, teams from the armed forces stationed in their various areas.
Post War Period.
Scotland's team has faced an uneven record since the Second World War, and has produced two notable Grand Slams.
1946-1973.
Official internationals resumed in the 1946-7 season. In the Spring of 1946, Scotland played and defeated a strong New Zealand and Forces team. 
The period after World War II was not a successful one for Scotland. In 1951, the touring Springboks massacred Scotland 44-0 scoring nine tries, a then record defeat. Scotland suffered 17 successive defeats between February 1951 and February 1955, scored only 54 points in these 17 games: 11 tries, six conversions, and four penalties. 
The teams from 1955-63 were an improvement. There were no win over England, but three of the games were drawn and only twice was the margin of defeat more than a single. 1964 was a good year for Scotland New Zealand were held to a 0-0 draw, the last international match in which no points were scored. The Calcutta Cup was won 15-6, the first time since 1950 and they shared the Five Nations title in 1964 with Wales.
In 1971 the SRU appointed Bill Dickinson as their head coach, after years of avoidance, as it was their belief that rugby should remain an amateur sport. He was officially designated as an "adviser to the captain".
Scotland were the first of the Home Unions to run a truly nationwide club league. This was introduced in 1973 and still flourishes today with several of the country's original clubs still very much in evidence, such as Heriots, West of Scotland, Watsonians and the famous 'border' clubs such as Gala, Hawick, Jed-Forest, Kelso and Melrose. However the advent of professionalism saw Scotland's District championship abandoned and two (later three) 'Super Districts' formed, which have resulted in the top players generally being unavailable for their clubs. These teams play in international club competitions such as the Heineken Cup and the Celtic League.
1974-2000.
Jim Telfer became national coach in 1980. 
Scotland toured Australia and won the first test, which to date is Scotland's only away victory against any of the big three Southern Hemisphere sides. After this, the 1983 season was a disappointment, with only one victory at Twickenham in the last match.
The 1983-84 season brought a draw with the All Blacks 25-25 in the late autumn and their second Grand Slam captained by Jim Aitken. Jim Telfer stood down after the Grand Slam to concentrate on his professional career as a school master. He was succeeded by his assistant, the former Hawick fly-half, Colin Telfer. 
Scotland went to the first World Cup, played in New Zealand and Australia in the summer of 1987. Rutherford, the team's general and controlling influence, badly injured his knee on an unauthorised tour of Bermuda. He broke down after less than a quarter of an hour of the first World Cup match against France and never played for Scotland again. Scotland had been in the lead but the match finished level and Scotland had to face New Zealand in the quarter-final. They lost.
Their greatest year in the modern era, however, was 1990 when, captained by prop David Sole, their season came down to one game, a Grand Slam decider at Murrayfield against the "auld enemy" and hot favourites, England. Sole famously walked his men onto the field with quiet but steely determination, to the delight of the partisan home crowd. Scotland won 13-7, and with it their third Grand Slam.
The second World Cup took place in 1991 with matches shared between the Five Nations. Scotland won their pool, though the game against Ireland was close, and then beat Western Samoa in the quarter-final. They went out to England in the semi-final held at Murrayfield to a Rob Andrew drop goal. In the third place play-off they were again beaten by New Zealand.
The third World Cup, held in South Africa, came around in 1995. The tournament followed a familiar pattern: a narrow defeat by France, thanks to an injury-time try, meant that, as second in the pool, they faced a quarter-final against New Zealand and were eliminated.
Professionalisation.
Rugby union became professional in the 1990s. Several teams were set up, including Border Reivers, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.
The SRU owns Murrayfield Stadium, which is the main home ground of the Scottish national team, though in 2004 international rugby games were played at Hampden Park in Glasgow and McDiarmid Park in Perth, as part of the SRU's campaign to reach out to new audiences outside the traditional rugby areas.
When the Heineken Cup was suggested SRU officials were concerned that Scottish club sides could not compete against the best teams from France and England and that centrally funded so-called 'super-district' teams might do better. 
The four traditional districts—the South (renamed Border Reivers), Edinburgh, Glasgow and the North & Midlands (rebranded as Caledonia Reds)—were given the go-ahead to take part in Europe. For the first two seasons, players were still released to play for their clubs in domestic competition, but eventually the districts became full-time operations.
Then financial difficulties—the SRU's high debt, partly as a result of the redevelopment of Murrayfield—called for retrenchment. After two seasons, financial difficulties forced the SRU to merge the four teams into two. Edinburgh merged with the Border Reivers to form a team to be known as Edinburgh Reivers. Glasgow merged with Caledonian to form a team to be known as Glasgow Caledonian. 
The Borders was resurrected in 2002 and joined the second season of the Celtic League. As a consequence Edinburgh Reivers became simply Edinburgh Rugby and Glasgow became Glasgow Rugby. In 2005, all three teams adopted new names. The Borders readopted the name Border Reivers; Edinburgh became Edinburgh Gunners, but would revert to Edinburgh in 2006; and Glasgow became Glasgow Warriors. Caledonia will be re-established when the SRU believe financial circumstances permit.
Changes for the professional era.
When professionalism was introduced into rugby union in the 1990s, and the Heineken Cup created for clubs across Europe, the SRU decided that the existing clubs operating in the Scottish leagues were not competitive enough. They were predominantly amateur, or at best paid small wages; they had low supports and small old-fashioned venues; and the quality of their play was, by the nature of these factors, comparatively low versus new professional clubs and super-teams in other countries. As a rule their players trained only two nights a week.
After a short spell using District teams (effectively select teams drawing together the best amateur players from clubs in a given area), the SRU decided to create professional clubs to compete in the Celtic League, a competition which grew out of an Anglo-Welsh league (and for a time had a cup competition, the Celtic Cup. It is now known as the Magners League and consists of Scottish, Welsh and Irish sides. The aim of creating these 'pro-teams' or 'super-teams' was ensure that Scotland had fairly competitive sides operating in the European competitions, the Heineken Cup and European Challenge Cup (as well as the European Shield during its short existence), and to drive up standards of rugby in the country. Many of the traditional rugby union supporters in Scotland have viewed professionalism as contributing to a "loss of a golden age", with some supporters mourning local and amateur players being replaced by hired professionals. 
Originally, before the Celtic League started, the SRU created four pro-teams, based roughly on the old districts: the Border Reivers based in Galashiels (with occasional matches elsewhere), the Caledonia Reds based in Aberdeen and Perth, Edinburgh and Glasgow.
Late 1990s.
Scotland also won the last-ever Five Nations Championship in 1999 with some dashing displays of 15-man rugby and to a last minute win by Wales over England, but that year's World Cup ended the usual way, with a quarter-final defeat by New Zealand.
They endured a torrid Six Nations in 2000, losing their first four straight games. Nevertheless at the last hurdle, they pulled off a magnificent 19-13 win under captain Andy Nicol over an unbeaten England at a rain-soaked Murrayfield to prove that there is still plenty of pride and passion in Scottish rugby.
In 2007, The Borders was disbanded yet again due to continuing financial difficulties. Also in the same year, the SRU began organising the Edinburgh 7s, the final event in the annual IRB Sevens World Series.
2003 season & the future.
After a poor start in the Six Nations 2003-04 in which Scotland did not win a single match and so qualified for rugby's version of the wooden spoon, things were believed to be steadily improving once again under the Australian coach Matt Williams, the first foreigner to coach the national team. 
Despite setbacks, many new and talented young players are coming through to the top level. Yet the record for 2004 was disappointing: Played 12, Won 2, Lost 10. Williams also attempted to introduce a controversial "Fortress Scotland" policy, whereby only those currently playing in Scotland were eligible to play in the national team. Meanwhile the Scottish Rugby Union (SRU) is under new management, Chief Executive Phil Anderton (known as 'Firework Phil' for his pre-match entertainment spectacles) was leading the way back to financial solvency and implementing major reforms to reverse the decline of the game in Scotland, but he resigned in January 2005 after his boss David Mackay was forced to resign by the SRU's general committee. Since then, much effort and thought has gone into restructuring the way the game is governed in Scotland.
Under Frank Hadden.
Frank Hadden, the head coach of Edinburgh Gunners (previously a PE teacher at Merchiston Castle School in Edinburgh), was appointed interim coach for the 2005 summer internationals against the Barbarians and Romania, winning two from two and instilling confidence in the national side again. On 15 September 2005, he was appointed national coach of the Scotland team up to and including the 2007 World Cup and has so far done an excellent job with limited resources compared to most of his opponents. 
In the first match of the 2006 Six Nations campaign, against France, Scotland won 20-16, and this was the first time since 1999 that they had beaten France. Scotland also beat England 18-12 at home at Murrayfield on 25 February 2006 to reclaim the Calcutta Cup.
In the 2006 Autumn internationals Scotland won two of three fixtures. They convincingly beat Romania and put up a solid first half performance against the Pacific Islanders. In the final match against Australia, Scotland failed to impress. A sound first half performance was squandered with an uncharacteristicly poor defence in the second. Australia went on to win the game 44-15. The series provided a mixture of advances and setbacks. Scotland lost several key players through injury, notably captain Jason White was suffered a knee injury and missed the entire 2007 Six Nations Championship.
Scotland suffered a humiliating defeat on 24 February 2007 when they became the first Six Nations team to lose at home to Italy, 17-37. This was Italy's biggest ever victory over Scotland, home or away. After only six minutes of the match Scotland were already trailing 0-21, due to a clearance kick being charged down and two interceptions by the Italians (caused by poor choice of game plan and sloppy passing in the 9/10 channel). Man of the match was awarded to Italian Alessandro Troncon, who scored a late try to put the match out of reach.
Later that year, the side travelled to France for the rugby world cup. They fought their way through a difficult group and made it to the quarter finals where they were knocked out by Argentina.
Despite the promising World Cup, Scotland did not emerge into the Six Nations as the dark horses the media had predicted. Scotland opened their campaign at home but lost 27-6 to France. Pressure on Frank Hadden started to intensify after round 2 as Scotland lost 30-15 to a rejuvenated Wales side who could have scored more. Scotland finally managed to score a try, against Ireland, despite losing. They didn't need to score a try against England however as they regained the Calcutta Cup with a 15-9 victory in a dull contest. Scotland scored two tries against Italy but lost thanks to a drop goal in the last minute to go down 23-20. Scotland managed to avoid the wooden spoon on scoring difference but it was a disappointing campaign. They then toured Argentina to play two tests against Argentina. They lost the first test 21-15 and won the second 26-14.
Scottish Sports Hall of Fame.
The following rugby players have been inducted to the Scottish Sports Hall of Fame:
Also Leslie Balfour-Melville (1854–1937), as an all-rounder, since he played many other sports.

</doc>
<doc id="18774319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774319" title="Strzebieszew">
Strzebieszew

Strzebieszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniewice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Domaniewice, south-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774335" title="Brodne-Józefów">
Brodne-Józefów

Brodne-Józefów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774338" title="Brodne-Towarzystwo">
Brodne-Towarzystwo

Brodne-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774343" title="Chruśle">
Chruśle

Chruśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774345" title="Czerniew">
Czerniew

Czerniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774350" title="Jadzień">
Jadzień

Jadzień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774356" title="Jerzewo, Łódź Voivodeship">
Jerzewo, Łódź Voivodeship

Jerzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774359" title="Kiernozia">
Kiernozia

Kiernozia is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kiernozia. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 930 and is mostly known for being the birthplace (and burial place) of Marie Walewska (née Łączyńska), one of the mistresses of Napoleon Bonaparte.
References.
<br>
Interesing funpage about community of the village Kiernozia : https://www.facebook.com/StaraGwardiaKiernozka

</doc>
<doc id="18774365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774365" title="Lasocin">
Lasocin

Lasocin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18774368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774368" title="Lasocin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Lasocin, Łódź Voivodeship

Lasocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>
Lasocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2,5 mi) south-east of Kiernozia, 15 km (19 mi) north of Łowicz, and 60 km (38 mi) north-east of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18774384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774384" title="List of songs written by Gregg Alexander">
List of songs written by Gregg Alexander

The following songs were written or co-written and (unless noted otherwise) also produced by former New Radicals frontman Gregg Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="18774407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774407" title="Sheldon Mallory">
Sheldon Mallory

Sheldon Mallory (born July 16, 1953) is an American former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played one season in the major leagues in for the Oakland Athletics.
Mallory originally signed as an amateur free agent by the Kansas City Royals in . He was traded to the New York Mets in December 1976, and was purchased from them by the Athletics the following April. After his lone major league season, he spent one season each in the Toronto Blue Jays and Cleveland Indians organizations before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="18774430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774430" title="Colonel Templer">
Colonel Templer

Colonel Templer may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18774450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774450" title="Emphasis! (On Parenthesis)">
Emphasis! (On Parenthesis)

Emphasis! (On Parenthesis) is an album by the Stanton Moore Trio, released on April 22, 2008. Organist Robert Walter and guitarist Will Bernard, both of whom played with Moore on his previous solo album, "III", are featured on the album. 
Notably, each track on the album features a title containing a parenthetical statement, as does the title of the album. This is Moore's response to the gentle ribbing of his Galactic bandmates that he includes brackets in almost every song he writes. 

</doc>
<doc id="18774458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774458" title="Culture of Gabon">
Culture of Gabon

Music.
Gabonese music is little-known in comparison with regional giants like the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Cameroon. The country boasts an array of folk styles, as well as pop stars like Patience Dabany and Annie Flore Batchiellilys, a Gabonese singer and renowned live performer. 
Dabany's albums, though recorded in Los Angeles, have a distinctively Gabonese element and are popular throughout Francophone Africa. Other major musicians include Pierre-Claver Akendengue (considered a master-poet), "the veteran" Mack Joss, Vickos Ekondo, known as "the king of Tandima".
Annie Flore has participated in musical events, both improvised and planned, with a wide variety of musicians from around the world, including: Youssou N'dour (Senegal), Ray Léma (DRC), Lokua Kanza (DRC), La Baronne (France), Carlo Rizzo (Italy), Cynthia Scott (USA), Mario Chenart (Canada), Solange Campagne (Canada), Philip Peris (Australia) and Qiu-Xia-He (China).
Also known are guitarists like Georges Oyendze, La Rose Mbadou and Sylvain Avara, and the singer Oliver N'Goma. Imported rock and hip hop from the US and UK are popular in Gabon, as are rumba, makossa and soukous. Gabonese folk instruments include the obala, the ngombi, balafon and traditional drums.
Literature and oral tradition.
A country with a primarily oral tradition up until the spread of literacy in the 21st century, Gabon is rich in folklore and mythology. "Raconteurs" are currently working to keep traditions alive such as the mvett among the Fangs and the ingwala among the Nzebis.
Masks.
Gabon also features internationally celebrated masks, such as the n'goltang (Fang) and the relicary figures of the Kota. Each group has its own set of masks used for various reasons. They are mostly used in traditional ceremonies such as marriage, birth and funerals. Traditionalists mainly work with rare local woods and other precious materials.

</doc>
<doc id="18774515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774515" title="Pat Skipper">
Pat Skipper

William Patterson "Pat" Skipper (born 1958) is an American television actor, film actor and voice actor. Pat is probably best known for his television work on such shows as "The X-Files" and "Boston Legal". On film, he played Carducci in the (1996) action/horror film "", Mason Strode from "Halloween", Seabiscuit's Vet from "Seabiscuit" (2003), Bob from "Fits and Starts", and Agent Ellroy from "Chain of Command".
Skipper was born in Lakeland, Florida. He was educated at Florida State University and Yale University. He is married to composer/arranger Jennifer Hammond. Their twins, Jack and Amelia, were born in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18774521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774521" title="Little Rock Chapel Falls">
Little Rock Chapel Falls

Little Rock Chapel Falls is an 8 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on Royal Botanical Gardens controlled property in Flamborough, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Rock Chapel Sanctuary, Rock Chapel Golf Course, Borer's Falls, Borer's Falls Conservation Area, Smokey Hollow Resource Management Area, Spencer Gorge/Webster's Falls Conservation Area, Royal Botanical Gardens, Dundurn Castle.
Directions.
From Highway 403 take the Highway 6 North (Guelph) exit and travel approximately 3 kilometres to Highway 5 East and then turn left onto "Rock Chapel Road". Park at the Borer's Falls Conservation Area and follow the Bruce Trail north to the crest of the waterfall.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774525" title="Adventure Theatre">
Adventure Theatre

Adventure Theatre is the longest running children's theatre in the Washington, D.C. area. Located in Glen Echo Park in Glen Echo, Maryland has been performing for children since 1951 and educating children in creative drama since 1978.
History.
• 1951. Adventure Theatre is founded by a group of women from the Community Arts Association’s drama classes, who believed that children deserve to experience excellent theater.
• 1955. Adventure Theatre begins commissioning plays by award-winning, nationally-recognized children’s theater playwrights, Flora Atkins and Helen Avery. Both are recipients of the prestigious Charlotte B. Chorpenning Award from The Children’s Theatre Association of America.
• 1969. The In-School Players, a traveling troupe, is launched as a result of a request by the Director of Language Arts for the District of Columbia Public Schools. The In-School Players remains a vital part of AT programming.
• 1971. Adventure Theatre moves into a new permanent space of its own after years of touring, at Glen Echo Park, its current location.
• 1974 -79. Adventure Theatre expands programming by partnering with the Junior League to create The Picture Book Players, a performance troupe for pre-school and early elementary aged children. Adventure Theatre also began offering its first theater-education classes and created a puppet division, now The Puppet Co., another resident of Glen Echo Park.
• 1986. New Plays Books published Six Adventure Theatre Plays, which were distributed to bookstores and children’s theaters around the country. The County Council of Montgomery County proclaimed June as “Adventure Theatre Month,” in honor of the theater’s 35 years of service.
• 2007. Renovation of the home space is completed. The extensive renovation, which includes a state-of-the-art theatre, new rehearsal spaces, and room for an expanded administrative staff, Adventure Theatre, enables the theater to expand its programming and offer services to thousands of additional patrons each year.
• 2010. Producing Artistic Director, Michael J. Bobbitt receives the 2010 County Executive’s Awards for Excellence in the Arts – Emerging Leader and becomes President of the League of Washington Theaters. Adventure Theatre partners with Montgomery College to co-produce Harry Connick, Jr’s, THE HAPPY ELF, directed by Tony Winner John Rando and starring Tony winner Michael Rupert. Additionally, Adventure Theatre adapted and produced the classic television special – RUDOLPH THE RED-NOSED REINDEER. Adventure Theatre’s production of IF YOU GIVE A PIG A PANCAKE, breaks box-office records, receives both critical and public acclaim, and is featured in American Theatre Magazine.
Both, IF YOU GIVE A PIG A PANCAKE and THE HAPPY ELF, receive national recognition and help solidify Adventure Theatre’s position as a leader in arts and arts education for youth.
• 2011, Adventure Theatre will celebrate 60 years of commissioning new works, cultivating many generations of theatre artists and audiences, and transitioning from a community-based arts organization to a nationally-recognized children’s theater.
The Facility.
In September 2007, Adventure Theatre introduced renovations including a new stage and audience seating, a state-of-the-art sound and light system, new rehearsal and education spaces, and party rooms.

</doc>
<doc id="18774527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774527" title="Stacy Dean Campbell">
Stacy Dean Campbell

Stacy Dean Campbell (b. July 27, 1967, Carlsbad, New Mexico) is an American singer-songwriter, author and TV host. 
Campbell's father was a gospel singer, touring with many notable quartets and along with other members of "The Singing Campbell Family" is an inductee in the Texas Gospel Music Hall of Fame. Raised by his mother in Oklahoma and New Mexico, Campbell began his music career singing in clubs around the Oklahoma University campus and soon moved to Nashville after his brother, Spencer, launched a professional career there. In 1991 he signed a contract to become a staff songwriter for Tree Music, and released his first album as a solo artist on Columbia Records in 1992. Three singles from his debut album hit the Billboard Country singles chart.
Campbell released a follow-up album on Columbia in 1995 and in 1999 he moved to the Warner Brothers label and shifted his focus to making an album that featured more of his songwriting. The result was "Ashes of Old Love" which reached the number 3 position on the Americana Music Chart. In 2000, Campbell and Dean Miller co-wrote Trace Adkins' single "I'm Gonna Love You Anyway". 
In 2001 Campbell left the music business and returned to New Mexico where he worked as a police officer for the Carlsbad New Mexico Police Department. He began work on a writing project during this time and in 2004, his first novel, "Cottonwood," was published. The book is set in West Texas in 1937. Included with the book is a CD which features 12 original tracks inspired by the novel and composed by Campbell.
In recent years, Campbell has expanded his career and moved behind the scenes, working as a director-writer in music videos and short films. He is the creator of the Americana Travel series, "Bronco Roads," a syndicated travel series that showcases life in the American West. Campbell serves as host.

</doc>
<doc id="18774540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774540" title="Bronwenia">
Bronwenia

Bronwenia is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. "Bronwenia" comprises 11 species of shrubs and woody vines native to Mexico, Central America, and South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18774555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774555" title="Royal Union of Belgian Radio Amateurs">
Royal Union of Belgian Radio Amateurs

The Royal Union of Belgian Radio Amateurs (UBA) (in Dutch, Koninklijke Unie van de Belgische Zendamateurs, in French Union Royale Belge des Amateurs-Emetteurs, in German Königliche Union der Belgischen Funkamateure) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Belgium. UBA is the national member society representing Belgium in the International Amateur Radio Union.
History.
The UBA was founded on 25 January 1947, when separate amateur radio organizations based in Flanders and Wallonia merged. The Réseau Belge (literally, "Belgian Network") was founded in September, 1923 in Brussels and drew its membership primarily from the French-speaking radio amateurs in Brussels and Wallonia. In February 1926, the Réseau Belge began publishing a membership magazine called "QSO". Flemish amateur radio operators were eager to see Dutch language articles in "QSO", but were unable to persuade the editor of Réseau Belge to publish them. With the support of the publisher of a small Dutch language magazine called "Radio", the Vlaamsche Radio Bond ("Flemish Radio Association") was founded in Ghent on September 22, 1929. The new organization established its own magazine called "CQ VRB". After World War II, the two organizations agreed to combine into a unified national radio society for Belgium.
On January 9, 2001, the Royal Union of Belgian Radio Amateurs was officially recognised as an amateur association by ministerial decree under legislation dealing with the establishment of amateur radio stations.
Services.
UBA supports amateur radio operators in Belgium by sponsoring amateur radio operating awards, radio contests, and Amateur Radio Direction Finding competitions. The UBA also operates a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries. UBA represents the interests of Belgian amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before Belgian and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. The UBA also publishes a monthly membership magazine called "CQ QSO".

</doc>
<doc id="18774561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774561" title="Lac-Pythonga, Quebec">
Lac-Pythonga, Quebec

Lac-Pythonga is an unorganized territory in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It surrounds Lake Pythonga and is the largest of the five unorganized territories in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality.
The Rapid Lake First Nation reserve, located on the western shore of Cabonga Reservoir, is an enclave within this territory.
Demographics.
Population trend:

</doc>
<doc id="18774572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774572" title="Central Boiler">
Central Boiler

Central Boiler is an American manufacturer of wood- and corn-burning furnaces for residential and commercial applications.
Established in 1984 by Dennis Brazier and located in Greenbush, Minnesota, the privately owned company has promoted its product line as an environmentally friendly renewable energy alternative to traditional oil- and gas-based furnaces. In 2007, Central Boiler signed a partnership agreement with the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to promote the manufacture and sale of clean-burning outdoor wood furnaces. Central Boiler was the first company whose products qualified for the EPA Outdoor Wood-fired Hydronic Heaters (OWHH) program. Central Boiler also signed a partnership agreement with the EPA for Phase 2.
The Central Boiler E-Classic 2300 was the first to be certified by the Vermont Department of Environmental Conservation Air Pollution Control Division and meets the 2010 Clean Air Regulation Emission Limits for Vermont and Maine. 
Their "Dual Fuel" models have optional Fuel Oil, Natural Gas, or Propane burners.

</doc>
<doc id="18774577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774577" title="Calcicola">
Calcicola

Calcicola is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. "Calcicola" comprises 2 species of shrubs or treelets native to Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="18774591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774591" title="Boothroyd">
Boothroyd

Boothroyd may refer to a number of things:

</doc>
<doc id="18774594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774594" title="Electoral history of Lyndon B. Johnson">
Electoral history of Lyndon B. Johnson

Electoral history of Lyndon B. Johnson, the 36th President of the United States (1963–1969), 37th Vice President of the United States (1961–1963); United States Senator (1949–1961) and United States Representative (1937–1949) from Texas.
Texas's 10th congressional district special election, 1937
Texas's 10th congressional district election, 1938
Texas's 10th congressional district election, 1940
Texas's 10th congressional district election, 1942
Texas's 10th congressional district election, 1944
Texas's 10th congressional district election, 1946
Texas United States Senate special election, 1941:
Texas United States Senate election, 1948 (Democratic primary runoff):
Texas United States Senate election, 1948:
Texas United States Senate election, 1954:
1956 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1956 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
First ballot:
1960 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
1960 Democratic National Convention (Vice Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 1960:
Texas United States Senate election, 1960:
1964 Democratic presidential primaries:
1964 Democratic National Convention (Presidential tally):
United States presidential election, 1964:
1968 Democratic presidential primaries:

</doc>
<doc id="18774597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774597" title="John Brimhall">
John Brimhall

John Brimhall (November 22, 1928 - December 2, 2003) was an American musical arranger and author of books on music composition, theory, and performance. He is perhaps best known for his easy arrangements of classical and American popular music for piano students. 
Brimhall studied at Loyola University, the University of San Francisco and Stanford University. 
Brimhall is thought to be the most published arranger of printed music in history, having sold over 75 million copies of over 500 books. His books are also published in Braille.
Brimhall pioneered the "Bach to the Beatles with Brimhall" approach to music education, which became a global success by enabling beginning pianists to play the music of the Beatles while learning the classical lessons of musical theory. He travelled to more than 40 countries lecturing and training music teachers on his methods.
Brimhall's books have been used by piano teachers for over 50 years and he has contributed immensely to the arrangements available to beginning students of piano, making classical and popular piano music accessible to those with limited skills and blindness. His 1800+ titles in the Library of Congress include piano and organ methods for all ages, popular and classical music arrangements, theory books, and choir and choral arrangements.

</doc>
<doc id="18774609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774609" title="More Like Her">
More Like Her

"More Like Her" is the title of a song written and recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released in September 2008 as the fourth single from her album "Crazy Ex-Girlfriend", and her eighth single overall. It is the first single released from the album to be written solely by Lambert.
Content.
"More Like Her" is a love ballad in the key of B major backed primarily by an acoustic guitar. In it, the narrator describes the details of a woman whose lover returns to his old girlfriend, who takes him back despite his cheating. The woman realizes she "should've been more like her" to keep him, but she could not, because she does not forgive him ("I should have never let you lie").
Reception.
Brady Vercher of "The 9513" gave the song a "thumbs-up" and said, "Lambert sounds great and sells the song with her performance, making for a worthwhile release." He also considered the song different from mainstream country music, saying "nice to see something sent to radio for its artistic quality rather than its commercial viability." 
In November 2008, Lambert appeared on the CMA Awards to perform "More Like Her". The performance was well received by music critics. "LA Times" gave her the only A rating of the night's performances, saying that, "With just Lambert and her guitar, she was pure late-night resignation as she opened the song, turning bitterness into pure reflection." Chet Flippo of "CMT.com" spoke positively of the performance. "For me, it was watching Miranda Lambert sing an original song with her own guitar accompaniment. [...]That song contained what I wasn't hearing a lot of on the CMA Awards show: substance. And style. And personality. And grit." "Country Universe" stated that Miranda Lambert's performance (along with Carrie Underwood's "Just a Dream") was the best performance of the night. "With understated brilliance, Lambert shifted gears by offering her Texas twang on the stripped-down ballad."
"More Like Her" was nominated for Female Video of the Year in the 2009 CMT Music Awards.
Music video.
A music video was released along with the song, which was directed by Randee St. Nicholas. In the video, Lambert receives a pair of yellow canaries in a bird cage which she carries up the stairs. She sings in front of the stairs and in the attic of her apartment. Throughout the video, there are intimate close-ups of Lambert performing the song with an acoustic guitar. In the video, several positions of Lambert are shown at once, fading in an out to show a lapse in time. Behind her, people can be seen moving furniture into the attic. The video comes to an end when Lambert enters an elevator and the door closes.
Chart performance.
A week before its release, "More Like Her" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts. On its twenty-second week on the charts, the song entered the Top 20 and debuted at number 99 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. After 27 weeks on the country charts, it peaked at number 17 in March 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18774613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774613" title="Cottsia">
Cottsia

Cottsia is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. "Cottsia" comprises 3 species of slender twining vines native to northern Mexico and extending into Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona. The species of "Cottsia" were formerly included in "Janusia", a genus of South America.
External link and reference.
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature

</doc>
<doc id="18774622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774622" title="Walter Keppel, 9th Earl of Albemarle">
Walter Keppel, 9th Earl of Albemarle

Walter Egerton George Lucian Keppel, 9th Earl of Albemarle MC (28 February 1882 – 14 July 1979) was a British nobleman and soldier, styled Viscount Bury from 1894 to 1942.
Life.
Keppel was the eldest son of Arnold Keppel, 8th Earl of Albemarle, and his wife, Lady Gertrude Egerton. He was educated at Eton from 1895 to 1899, and then served as a lieutenant in the Scots Guards. In 1901, he transferred as a second lieutenant from the Prince of Wales's Own Norfolk Artillery to the Scots Guards. He was seconded for staff service at the end of 1904 and appointed aide-de-camp (ADC) to Earl Grey, Governor-General of Canada He was again seconded for staff service in May 1907 and appointed extra ADC to Sir H.J. Goold-Adams, Lieutenant-Governor Orange River Colony.
On 9 June 1909, he married Lady Judith Sydney Myee Wynn Carrington, daughter of Robert Wynn Carrington, 1st Marquess of Lincolnshire, at St. Margaret's Church, Westminster. They had five children before her death in 1928:
Bury was promoted captain in May 1910 and retired to the Special Reserve in 1912.
Bury fought with the Scots Guards during World War I. He was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Norfolk in January 1916. He was awarded the Military Cross in June 1916. He was promoted temporary Major while commanding a Guards machine gun company and later served as a Machine Gun Corps instructor. After the war, Bury was a member of the London County Council in 1919.
In 1924, he was made brevet colonel of 108th Field Brigade, Norfolk and Suffolk Yeomanry. He married Diana Keppel (1909-2013) on 24 February 1931 at Scots Church, Chelsea. They had one daughter:
He succeeded his father as Earl of Albemarle in 1942. Albemarle was Vice-Lieutenant of Norfolk from 1940 to 1944, and a member of Norfolk County Council in 1943. He died in 1979 and was succeeded as Earl of Albemarle by his grandson Rufus.

</doc>
<doc id="18774635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774635" title="Gloucester County Vocational-Technical School District">
Gloucester County Vocational-Technical School District

The Gloucester County Vocational-Technical School District is a vocational public school district serving the vocational and educational needs of public high school in grades 9 to 12 and of adult students in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. 
As of the 2007-08 school year, the district's one school had an enrollment of 889 students and 70.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.6.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18774636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774636" title="Museum of Science and Industry">
Museum of Science and Industry

Museum of Science and Industry can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18774641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774641" title="1st Topographic Platoon">
1st Topographic Platoon

The 1st Topographic Platoon is a military unit located on Camp Pendleton, California. It is composed of members of the Geographic Intelligence Specialist Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) 0261. Most members of the 0261 field are highly trained intelligence operators with extensive knowledge of geospatial intelligence, terrain analysis, land navigation techniques, datums and ellipsoids, coordinate systems, and cartography that make them a valuable asset to the Marine Expeditionary Force. All members are required to attend a 7 month course at the National Geospatial-Intelligence College on Fort Belvoir, Virginia.
The majority of the platoon is currently deployed to Afghanistan with the I Marine Expeditionary Force (Fwd) on Camp Leatherneck.

</doc>
<doc id="18774657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774657" title="Lloyd J. Old">
Lloyd J. Old

Lloyd John Old (September 23, 1933 – November 28, 2011) was one of the founders and standard-bearers of the field of cancer immunology. When Old began his career in 1958, tumor immunology was in its infancy. Today, cancer immunotherapies are emerging as a significant advance in cancer therapy. 
Old’s contributions to research established many of the principles and priorities of modern tumor immunology. In earlier work, he and his colleagues introduced Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) to tumor immunotherapy; discovered the first link between the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) and disease (leukemia); found the unexpected association between Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and nasopharyngeal carcinoma; discovered Tumor necrosis factors (TNF); defined the concept of cell-surface differentiation antigens with the discovery of TL, Lyt (CD8), and a range of other mouse antigenic systems; discovered p53, independently with two other groups; and identified the tumor immunogenicity of heat shock proteins. Old is the author or co-author of more than 800 research publications.
He held the William E. Snee Chair of Cancer Immunology at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC), where he was director of the Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research (LICR) New York Branch. He was also a trustee of the LICR Charitable Trust, and a trustee of the Virginia & D.K. Ludwig Fund for Cancer Research.6. From 1971 to 2011, he served as the founding scientific and medical director of the Cancer Research Institute (CRI), where from 2001 to 2011 he also served as director of the CRI/LICR Cancer Vaccine Collaborative (CVC), an international network dedicated to testing and optimizing therapeutic cancer vaccines. Old’s previous appointments included Chairman of the LICR Board of Directors (2006–2009), LICR Scientific Director (1988 to 2005), Member of the Emeritus LICR Scientific Committee (1971–86), LICR Chief Executive Officer (1995–2004), and Associate Director of Research at MSKCC (1973–83).
Old served as a member of scientific advisory boards and committees including the Public Health Research Institute of the City of New York, the National Cancer Institute, and the American Association for Cancer Research. Old was also a member of the American Association for Cancer Research, New York Academy of Sciences, Reticuloendothelial Society, Society of Experimental Biology and Medicine, American Association for the Advancement of Science, American Association of Immunologists, National Academy of Sciences, the Academy of Cancer Immunology, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He had also received honorary doctor of medicine degrees from Karolinska Institute, the University of Lausanne, and the University College London. He graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a B.A. in biology and earned a medical degree from the University of California School of Medicine, San Francisco.
He died November 28, 2011, in his New York City home, after several years battling advanced prostate cancer.
Leadership.
As Director of the international Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research for 17 years, Scientific Director of the Cancer Research Institute for 40 years, and his previous appointment as Associate Director of Research at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center for 10 years, Dr. Old has guided the scientific vision of several institutions and the training and development of generations of young scientists in many fields.
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center (MSKCC)
Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research (LICR)
Virginia and D. K. Ludwig Trust
CRI/LICR Cancer Vaccine Collaborative (CVC)

</doc>
<doc id="18774669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774669" title="Color Change!">
Color Change!

Color Change! is Crystal Kay's eighth studio album and was released on August 6, 2008. The album peaked at #6 on the Oricon daily chart and at #8 on the weekly chart. The album includes songs produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis ("Itoshiihito" and "I Can't Wait") and Bloodshy & Avant ("It's a Crime"). First pressings included a DVD which contained music videos for "Namida no Saki ni", "Shining" and "Dream World", from her previous album, "All Yours". The title "Color Change!" refers to Kay's graduation in 2008. The album was eventually certified gold by RIAJ. "Color Change!" was the 289th best selling album of 2008 in Japan.
Charts.
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)

</doc>
<doc id="18774671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774671" title="Fearless (Taylor Swift album)">
Fearless (Taylor Swift album)

Fearless is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. The album was released on November 11, 2008, by Big Machine Records. As with her debut, Swift wrote or co-wrote all thirteen tracks on "Fearless". Most of the songs were written as the singer promoted "Taylor Swift" as opening act for numerous country artists. Because of the unavailability of collaborators on the road, Swift resulted in self-penning eight songs. Other songs were co-written with Liz Rose, Hillary Lindsey, Colbie Caillat, and John Rich. She also made her debut as a record producer, co-producing all songs on the album with Nathan Chapman. To promote the album, the singer embarked on her first headlining concert tour, the Fearless Tour, which expanded from April 2009 to June 2010.
"Fearless" was an international breakthrough and commercial success for Swift. In the United States, it topped the "Billboard" 200 for eleven non-consecutive weeks, thus setting various records, including the longest chart-topper by a female country artist. On Billboard's Country Albums chart, the album logged a record 36 weeks at number one. With 5.2 million copies sold in 2009, the album became the year's best-seller, making Swift, 20 at the time, the youngest artist to have one. In addition to its weeks on top by January 2010, "Fearless" became only the 18th (of 19) albums to elapse a full year in the top ten of the "Billboard" 200. With 6.6 million copies sold in the United States, "Fearless" is the second biggest-selling album in the last five years (behind Adele's "21", with over 10 million copies sold as of late 2012). Elsewhere, "Fearless" topped charts in Canada and New Zealand and achieved multi-platinum status in six countries. In the Philippines, it was certified nine times platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), marking the album's highest certification. In all, "Fearless" has sold more than 8.6 million copies worldwide. "Fearless" is also the most awarded album in the history of country music.
Five singles spawned from "Fearless". The lead single, "Love Story" is Swift's best-selling effort to date, selling over five million copies in the United States alone. It was a crossover hit that became one of the best-selling singles of all time internationally and was once the best-selling country song of all time. The succeeding single, "White Horse", also performed well in the US. "You Belong with Me" fared better internationally, becoming Swift's second best-selling single and her highest position on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 at the time, peaking at number two. "Fifteen" and the title track followed; the latter became the first single certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) prior to its release. The album was later re-released on October 26, 2009, as "Fearless: Platinum Edition" with six additional new songs, photos from the Fearless Tour and a bonus DVD featuring behind the scenes of some of her previous music videos.
Background.
Prior to stardom, Swift received a publishing contract with Sony/ATV Music. Over the course of that period, Swift composed over 250 songs solely or collaborating with other songwriters, mostly with Liz Rose or Robert Ellis Orrall, and refused to hand them away to already established acts with intentions of someday singing them herself. When later signed to Big Machine Records, Swift compiled her eponymous debut album of material written during her publishing contract, and expected to do the same for her second album. She said, "I've been very selfish about my songs. I had this dream of this project ["Taylor Swift"] coming out for so many years now that I just stockpiled. I'm so happy that I did because now we have a second album full of songs and a third album full of songs, and I don't have to lift a finger." However, when embarking on her first and second tour as opening act for Rascal Flatts and George Strait, respectively, Swift continued to compose numerous songs. "I’ve written a lot of songs by myself lately, especially since I’ve been alone so much on the road," she said. "I do love writing on the road — I usually write at the concert venue. I’ll find a quiet place in some room at the venue, like the locker room." As a result of writing subsequent to touring, Swift self-penned most of the material. "I've written like eight songs for the second album by myself. If you're in Arkansas, who's there to write with?" During vacation days from touring, Swift collaborated with Rose, musician John Rich, and singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat.
In the writing process, she was heavily influenced by Sheryl Crow's candidness and truthful, yet vulnerable storytelling, and Brad Paisley's touching, yet humorous nature; she opened for Paisley. She sought to prolong with centering romantic love the theme of the album. Primarily, she did not want to alienate her fans with songs about life on the road, for she could never relate to songs of the sort when younger. She continued, "I really try to write more about what I feel and guys and love because that’s what fascinates me more than anything else — love and what it does to us and how we treat people and how they treat us. So pretty much every song on the album has a face that I associate with it." Despite her revelation of not having kissed a male in two years, Swift said the album was not wrung dry of such inspiration because she still underwent breakups and felt its core emotions. Adding it did not "take much her to get that sort of emotion out in a song", she explained physical intimacy did not have to resort to kissing to feel disappointment, frustration, or heartbreak. Despite having written numerous new songs, Swift decided to also include previously written tracks, believing there were stories she did not have the opportunity to put out with "Taylor Swift", and still desired to.
Having grouped over 75 songs, recording with Nathan Chapman, who produced all but one song on "Taylor Swift", commenced soon after having completed touring with Strait; in the process, Swift made her record producing debut. Thereon, her and Chapman recorded and cut an abundance of songs to keep the best material on the album. Thirteen tracks were intended out of Swift's fondness for the number; she attributes it to be her lucky number. To aid in choosing the songs, Swift performed various new tracks – "Permanent Marker", "Missing You", "I'd Lie", "Sparks Fly", and "Fearless" – at the Gold Country Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada on May 29 and May 30, 2007; only the latter song was chosen for the album. By January 2008, Swift had recorded approximately half of the songs that would remain on the final cut of "Fearless". The remainder of the songs came in the last two recording sessions: one held in March 2008, the other held sometime in the summer of 2008. When asked to describe to album, Swift commented, "It’s the same kind of album I made (in 2006) — just two years older. Sound-wise, it’s the kind of songs I like to write, which are country songs, but I guess because of the subject matter and because of some of the melodies I love to use, I guess they have crossover appeal."
Writing development and lyrical content.
Swift conceived the title track with Rose and songwriter Hillary Lindsey while touring. It is based on an instrumentation with acoustic guitar, fiddle, and banjo and, lyrically, speaks of taking courage on the romantic circuit by describing a great date. She had previously contemplated the idea of a best first date, something Swift had yet to experience, and, although she was not dating at the time, she was inspired by her desires, rather than her actuality. "Fifteen" was composed about Swift's freshman year of high school at Hendersonville High School, where she met her best friend Abigail Anderson. To write it, Swift first focused on were how she and Anderson fell in love for the first time and were later heartbroken. She commenced with the line in the bridge "And Abigail gave everything she had to a boy/ Who changed his mind", and continued writing everything else in a backwards manner. She then wrote cautionary lyrics for teenage girls facing similar scenarios. After receiving consent from Anderson to use the song on "Fearless", Swift recorded it, and, while doing so, cried. "Love Story" came late into the production of "Fearless". It was enkindled a love interest who her family and friends were not fond of. Feeling related to William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet" (1597), one her favorite narratives, she self-penned the entire track on her bedroom floor in approximately twenty minutes. She begun with the line, "This love is difficult but it's real", which was ultimately placed in the song's second refrain, and altered its conclusion from that of "Romeo and Juliet", giving them a happy ending, a feat she believed her favorite characters deserved. Excluding the fictional conclusion, the song was based on Swift's real life experience and, to Swift, represented much optimism regarding how encountering the right person could surpass skepticism.
Swift self-penned "Hey Stephen" about her hidden feelings for Stephen Barker Liles of Love and Theft, a country band opened several shows for Swift. It is characterized by a playful teen pop melody that is accompanied by a subdued Hammond B-3 organ. While recording the song at a studio owned by John McBride, Martina McBride’s husband, he informed Swift of his children's longing to meet her. She invited them and their friends to watch the recording session, which led them to eventually lay down finger snaps for the track. "White Horse" was written almost a year prior to the release of "Fearless". It is a ballad whose sparse production, which was based on acoustic guitar and soft piano with accents of cello, emphasized on Swift's soft and breathy vocals. Swift first solely wrote the first verse. The singer then made a phone call to Rose asking for her aid in continuing the song, which was completed in approximately forty-five minutes. Its conception was triggered by a boyfriend of Swift's who she perceived to be Prince Charming, but, in the downfall of the relationship, realized was not. Once in the midst of writing, "White Horse" drifted in direction. It was not originally intended to be included on "Fearless", but on her next album, for Swift believed solemness was already accurately represented on the album. It was added after Betsy Beers and Shonda Rhimes, executive producers of "Grey's Anatomy", decided to use it for the series. Swift became inspired to compose "You Belong with Me" after she overheard a male friend of hers speaking to his girlfriend through a phone call. Out of the sympathy she felt towards him, Swift developed a concept for a song, and later developed the story line in which she was in love with him. The song is based upon different twangy, up-and-down vocal hooks and has banjos clucking alongside New Wave electric guitars.
In the ballad "Breathe", the accompaniment consists entirely of string instruments, and Swift singing in regards to love-gone-wrong scenario. The song was a collaboration between Swift and Caillat that surged out of Swift's interest in Caillat's debut "Coco" (2007). The two arranged a writing session to coincide with Caillat's upcoming concert in Nashville, Tennessee, where they composed "Breathe" about Swift losing a friend very dear to her, and later recorded it with Caillat to singing background vocals loudly enough for audiences to recognize her. "Tell Me Why" was triggered by a love interest she was never in a formal romantic relationship with. Raged by his disparaging and inconsistent behavior towards her, she stormed into Rose's house, and vented about the scenario. She described how grew tired of his attitude and the discrepancies between his sayings and actions, among other concerns. They consequently all her ramblings into "Tell Me Why". Swift composed "You're Not Sorry" at the moment where a relationship came tumbling down because of her lying and secretive partner. It is a power ballad with rock music influences; it commences with piano and progresses to electric guitars mid-song. Swift had developed the fictional plot for "The Way I Loved You" (preferring complicated men for relationships), the title, and sought to write the song with Rich. He was able to relate to the plot, being that he is usually the complicated person in relationships. The two approached the song from two different angles while writing it, which she described to be incredible.
"Forever & Always" was a last minute addition to "Fearless", being written shortly before audio mastering was held and CD booklets were printed. Swift self-penned the track about the fallout of her relationship with Joe Jonas of the Jonas Brothers. "Forever & Always" was written in a state where she noticed Jonas' slow shift from her and wondered why. Jonas later ended the relationship with Swift for actress Camilla Belle, whom he met on set his "Lovebug" (2008) music video. Despite the track being written very late on in the album process, Swift decided she wanted to address the breakup via music, for it was a dramatic experience in her life. "The Best Day" was a song Swift dedicated to her mother, Andrea Swift. It is an understated ballad, and the only song on "Fearless" to be written in simple verse form. She composed it while on tour in summer of 2007, and recorded it without her mother's knowledge. However, she decided to gift the song to her mother as a Christmas present. Assembling footage from home videos, Swift made a music video for it and surprised her mother with the DVD on Christmas Eve. Andrea was at first unaware it was Swift singing the track; once she noticed, she begun bawling. The singer decided to include "The Best Day" on "Fearless" because she desired to address the fact that her mother was her best friend on an album. "Change" was solely composed by Swift about her hopes and aspirations to succeed, although signed to the smallest record label in Nashville, Tennessee. After reassuring to herself that it would be different in the future, she wrote the beginning of "Change". She left the song unfinished, waiting for a remarkable event to trigger its completion. She then completed the track the day after she won the Horizon Award at the 2007 Country Music Association Awards and saw Scott Borchetta, the president of Big Machine Records, crying.
Title, packaging and release.
After completing the album's first track, Swift deeply deliberated her personal definition of the word "fearless". To her, "fearless doesn't mean you're completely unafraid and it doesn't mean that you're bulletproof. It means that you have a lot of fears, but you jump anyway." She then started contemplating the word to title the album, and to assure she was making the correct decision, applied to every song on the album. Finding a fearless element to the themes and messages behind the songs, Swift decided to title the album "Fearless". On the liner notes, she further explained the album title,
As with "Taylor Swift", Swift was very involved with the album packaging. The album's images were photographed by Joseph Anthony Barker, Ash Newell and Sheryl Niels while the cover and graphic designs were executed by Leen Ann Ramey for Ramey Design. "Fearless" was released on November 11, 2008 in the United States and Canada, and on November 15, 2008 in Australia. The album was then re-released on February 27, 2009 in Australia as a limited edition with bonus tracks originally from "Taylor Swift" and a new artwork. An international edition was released March 2, 2009 in Spain, and numerous countries followed in the consequent weeks.
Platinum Edition re-release.
Swift had already commenced to compose songs for her next album, what would become "Speak Now" (2010), but had also written songs she believed did not correspond with her scope of the record. She believed the songs that had accumulated should have been integrated in "Fearless". Out of her desire to release them, Swift pondered the idea of re-releasing "Fearless" with the songs. Coupled the fact that numerous fans were longing for new material while others were recently discovering her music, she decided to execute the plans. Scott Borchetta, chief executive officer (CEO) of Big Machine Records stated, "Taylor’s fans have an incredible appetite for her new music and her ongoing life experiences. The two million-plus fans who bought "Fearless" within weeks of release last year are screaming for new Taylor music and Taylor has delivered." Some tracks were written much prior recording, while others were done subsequently. "Jump Then Fall" was self-penned by Swift using a banjo and a "feel-good vibe", which, along with its bouncy character, caused for it to be Swift's favorite song on the re-release. Swift also reworked the tempo and replaced the guitar-driven instrumentation to piano of "Forever & Always" for the new version of "Fearless".
It included Swift's only cover on a studio album, a rendition of American rock band Luna Halo's "Untouchable" (2007). Borchetta previously had requested Swift to perform a cover on the television show "Stripped" in August 2008. Swift recalled that Borchetta had given her Luna Halo's eponymous second studio album to listen to, and ultimately chose to cover "Untouchable". Swift altered the song both musically and lyrically, altering the verses' melodies significantly while completely reworking the arrangement and switching the verses while maintaining the refrains similar. Once performed, video uploads of the "Stripped" performance and fans imitating it surfaced on YouTube. Its popularity on the video-sharing site led Borchetta to convince Swift to record the song for the re-release of "Fearless". The members of Luna Halo consented the cover's inclusion in part because of Swift's popularity and commercial success; the band also gave Swift writing credits for her cover as they felt it was appropriate since the song was altered drastically.
Titled "Fearless Platinum Edition", the re-release was announced on September 10, 2009 with a release date of October 27, 2009. It was then pushed forward one day, to a release to October 26, 2009. "Fearless Platinum Edition" bore a new collector's cover that altered the background color to black and included a CD and a DVD. The CD had an additional six songs — "Jump Then Fall", "Untouchable", "Forever & Always" (Piano Version), "Come in with the Rain", "SuperStar", and "The Other Side of the Door" — placed prior to the original tracks from the album. The DVD comprised music videos ("Change", "The Best Day", "Love Story", "White Horse", and "You Belong with Me"). behind-the-scenes videos (for the latter three), over fifty images (photographed by Austin K. Swift, the singer's younger brother) and backstage footage from the first concert of the Fearless Tour, and "Thug Story" (a video with rapper T-Pain filmed exclusively for the 2009 CMT Music Awards).
Singles.
"Love Story" was released as the album's lead single on September 12, 2008 via digital distribution. The song was highly acclaimed by music critics who complimented Swift's writing style and the song's plot. The track was also a commercial success internationally. It is Swift's best-selling single to date, pushing over 6.5 million copies worldwide since January 2010, therefore establishing itself among of the best-selling singles of all time. In the United States, "Love Story" has sold over 5 million digital downloads as of May 2011 and became one of the best-selling singles in the United States. It is the best-selling country single of all time, and was later surpassed by Lady Antebellum's "Need You Now" (2009) in April 2011. Furthermore, "Love Story" peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and marked the highest peak by a country song on Mainstream Top 40 (Pop Songs) since Shania Twain's "You're Still the One" (1998). The track was also Swift's only number one single in Australia, where it was certified triple platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA). An accompanying music video for "Love Story" was directed by Trey Fanjoy and follows Swift and a love interest as they meet in a university campus and imagine themselves in a prior era.
"White Horse" became "Fearless" second single on December 9, 2008. It garnered generally positive reception with critics commenting that Swift was able to make its message palpable and selecting it among the best tracks on "Fearless". Although not able to duplicate the success of its predecessor, the ballad was able to perform well commercially. It peaked at number thirteen in the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number two on Hot Country Songs. It sold over 1.6 million copies in the United States as of February 2011 and managed to chart in Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. "White Horse"'s music video was also directed by Fanjoy and features Swift as she decides to end a relationship via phone call after recalling multiple memories with her love interest.
"You Belong with Me" was released as the third single from "Fearless" on April 26, 2009. Critical reception for the song was mixed, ranging from "every single Taylor Swift hit sounds the same" to naming one of her best songs. However, "You Belong with Me" enjoyed commercial success internationally. In the United States, the song is tied for Swift's best-charting effort, with "Today Was a Fairytale" (2010), at number two. Driven mostly by non-country radio airplay, the song established the largest crossover radio audience since Faith Hill's "Breathe" (2000). Selling over 3.6 million copies as of February 2011, the track is the third best-selling country single of all time. Roman White directed the music video for "You Belong with Me", which plot centers on the protagonist secretively loving the male lead, although he has a girlfriend; both the protagonist and antagonist were portrayed by Swift. It won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video in 2009, but during Swift's acceptance speech, rapper Kanye West interrupted, protesting in support of nominee Beyoncé Knowles. The incident caused tumult in the media, with many coming to Swift's defense.
"Fifteen" was released as the fourth single from the album on September 1, 2009. It was praised by numerous critics for its vulnerability and accurate portrayal of a real teenager. Commercially, "Fifteen" was mildly successful, peaking at number twenty-one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number nineteen on the Canadian Hot 100. In the United States, the song sold over 1.1 million digital downloads as of February 2011. The music video for the single was directed by White and is heavily accentuated with special effects. It features Swift walking through a garden, where she relives many memories with her friend. "Fearless", the album's title track, became the fifth and final single released from "Fearless" on January 4, 2010. The song generally pleased contemporary critics, many who complimented it for appealing to different age groups. The song peaked at number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after its release as a promotional single. During that time, it was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for the sales of over 500,000 digital downloads. It therefore became the first single released after being certified gold by the RIAA. Once released as a single, "Fearless" was only able to reach the position of number seventy-six. It also peaked at number thirty-two in Spain. The title track has an associated music video consisting of footage of the tour itself and backstage; it was directed by Todd Cassetty.
Promotion.
To promote the album Swift released four promotional singles, advertised as "Countdown to "Fearless"". The first promotional single released was "Change" on August 8, 2008. The song was also included as part of the "AT&T Team USA Soundtrack" (2008). "Fearless" was released as the second promotional single on October 14, 2008. The third promotional single, "You're Not Sorry", was released October 28, 2008. The fourth and final song used to promote the album, "You Belong with Me", was released on November 4, 2008.
On June 8, 2008, Swift performed on the Clear Channel Stripped to promote "Fearless". Two of the performances would later be released on the Target exclusive version of "Fearless Platinum Edition".
Tour.
On April 23, 2009, Swift began her first headlining tour called the Fearless Tour in North America. It ran until June 5, 2010 and had four legs and 105 shows in four countries. Sells for the tour began in February 2009 and tickets for several tour dates and venues were sold out in a record of less than one minute.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"Fearless" received generally positive reviews, earning a collective score of 73 out of 100 on Metacritic.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic believed Swift abandoned teen pretenses, styling herself after Shania Twain and Faith Hill prior to becoming divas. He added that Swift presented herself as a "big sister instead of a big star", pointing "Fifteen" as a prime example of it. Despite noting the album's pop music elements outweighed its country music elements and calling it "one of the best mainstream pop albums of 2008", Erlewine said "Fearless" "never garish, a crass attempt at a crossover success". Ken Tucker of "Billboard" wrote, "Those who thought Taylor Swift was a big deal after the release of her first record be prepared: She's about to get way bigger. Though they're written by a teenager, Swift's songs have broad appeal, and therein lies the genius and accessibility in her second effort." James Reed of "The Boston Globe" believed Swift's charm was in her songwriting and that honesty is what separated her from other teenage starlets at the time who relied on "big-name producers, songwriters, and Disney shows for a music career." Drawing similarities between her ability to "blur the line between commercial country and Top 40 radio", Reed compared the singer to a younger version of the Dixie Chicks. Top music critic Robert Christgau graded the album an A–. He was not fond of the album's overall message, which he declared to be "You have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after", but was immensely impressed with Swift's songwriting, calling her "an uncommonly-to-impossibly strong and gifted teenage girl". Adding that she imparted realism similar to that of a diary in all of "Fearless"s songs, he believed set the bar too high for other teenage artists and role models. Leah Greenblatt of "Entertainment Weekly" stated, "A button-cute blond teen with a pocket full of hits — sounds like the early aughts all over again, no? But aside from sharing, possibly, a box of Clairol, there is nothing remotely Britney- or Christina-esque about Swift." Greenblatt presumed that at the time her fan base would remain young females due to her way of communicating with them, but would grow over time.
Alexis Petridis of the United Kingdom magazine "The Guardian" had mixed opinions about the album, for he thought it was certainly "bland and uninventive", yet executed incredibly well. Over the course of listening to it, he queried if more music of the sort was needed, and concluded that "the feeling that the world is going to answer your query in the affirmative swiftly overwhelms you." Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" called Swift "a songwriting savant with an intuitive gift for verse-chorus-bridge architecture that [...] calls to mind Swedish pop gods Dr. Luke and Max Martin." Rosen attributed Swift's particular charm to in how intertwined almost impersonal professionalism with intimate and real confessions. Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine believed "Fearless" pointed out that Swift was capable of having a long musical career. However, Keefe was disappointed in the album, for it did not showcase significant refinements as she did on "Taylor Swift"; but, with an immature voice and young age, to him, Swift still had enough time to perfect her craft and make a great album. Josh Love of "The Village Voice" wrote, "This remarkably self-aware adolescent's words don't falter, masterfully avoiding the typical diarist's pitfalls of trite banality and pseudo-profound bullshit." Chris Richards of "The Washington Post" said, "In Swift's world, every song is a radio-ready charmer, confirming the 18-year-old's ability to pen a gaggle of consistently pleasing tunes." He noted Swift's voice was only minimally twangful and her vocal delivery was sugary enough to receive heavy rotation on Radio Disney, yet poised enough to do the same CMT. He also felt Swift was a talented songwriter, but her consistency sometimes fell into uniformity.
Awards and nominations.
At the 52nd Grammy Awards, "Fearless" won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year and Best Country Album. Swift's Album of the Year win made her the youngest person ever at the age of 20 to receive that award, thereby surpassing Alanis Morissette's win for "Jagged Little Pill" at the age of 21. "Fearless" was also the first album in history to win the American Music Award, Academy of Country Music Award, Country Music Association Award, and Grammy Award for Album of The Year in the same year making it the most awarded album in the history of country music.
Chart performance.
On the week ending November 29, 2008, "Fearless" entered at the summit of the United States' "Billboard" 200 with over 592,000 copies sold in its first week — the largest sum for a country album since the Eagles' "Long Road out of Eden" sold over 711,000 copies in a single week in November 2007. In the proceeding week, the album descended to number four with over 217,000 copies sold (a 63 percent decline from the previous week). Three weeks later, the album reclaimed the number one position with over 249,000 copies sold, and was able to top the "Billboard" 200 for a total of 11 non-consecutive weeks. It became the longest chart-topper since Santana's "Supernatural" spent 12 non-consecutive weeks at number one between 1999 and 2000, and the longest reign on the "Billboard" 200 of the 2000s decade. Furthermore, "Fearless" became the longest chart-topper by a female country artist, third by a country artist overall, and sixth by a female artist, along with Mariah Carey's 1990 eponymous debut album. After completing its "Billboard" 200 reign in March 2009, the album continued to sell strongly throughout the remainder of 2009. It went on to sell over 5,217,000 copies in the year, becoming 2009's best-selling album in the US. Thus, Swift, at the age of 20, became the youngest artist to have the year's best-selling album and the only female country artist to have one as well. "Fearless" success extended years beyond its release. The week ending January 30, 2010 marked its 52nd week on the top ten of the "Billboard" 200, making "Fearless" one of 18 albums to remain on the top ten for a year or more, and the only one from the 2000s. The album logged a total of 58 weeks on the top ten, becoming the longest-running top ten album by a country artist. On "Billboard"s Top Country Albums chart, "Fearless" remained number one for 35 non-consecutive weeks. The album was certified eight times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments exceeding six million copies. As of October 2012, "Fearless" has sold over 6.6 million copies in the US. It is ranked as the second biggest-selling album in the last six years and the sixth best-selling digital album in history. The album has 214 weeks on the Billboard 200.
In Canada, "Fearless" entered at number one on the albums chart with sales of over 27,000 copies on the week ending November 29, 2008. Although only spending one week at number one, the album charted in Canada for a total of 66 weeks, and was certified quadruple platinum by the Music Canada for shipments exceeding 320,000 copies.
The album also managed success overseas. In Australia, it debuted at number 50 on the week ending November 30, 2008 and dropped from the chart in the succeeding week. On the week ending January 25, 2009, it re-entered the Australian Albums Chart at number 42, and, nine weeks later, on the week ending April 26, 2009, peaked at number two. "Fearless" was certified quintuple platinum by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments exceeding 350,000 copies. In New Zealand, "Fearless" debuted at number two on the week ending March 16, 2009 and ascended to the top spot in the following week. It was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) for the shipment of 30,000 copies.
The album sold over 400,000 copies throughout all of Asia as of February 2011. In Japan, it debuted at number 22 with 4,945 copies sold on the first week of July 2009, and peaked at number eight. It was eventually certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for the shipment of over 100,000 copies. In the Philippines, it was certified nine times platinum (its highest worldwide) by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI) for the sales of over 135,000 copies. In Europe, "Fearless" also performed well, charting at number eighteen on European Top 100 Albums. Achieving its highest peak in Europe, the album debuted at number five on the UK Albums Chart on the week ending March 21, 2009. Despite descending in the continuing weeks, the album remained on the UK Albums Chart for 63 weeks, and was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for the shipment of 300,000 copies. In Ireland, the album peaked at number seven, and was certified double platinum by the Irish Recorded Music Association (IRMA) for shipments exceeding 30,000 copies. "Fearless" saw less success in mainland Europe, charting within the top twenty in Austria, Germany, Greece, Norway, Russia, and Sweden. In total, "Fearless" has sold over 8.6 copies worldwide.
Personnel.
As listed in the liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="18774695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774695" title="Matt King (singer)">
Matt King (singer)

Matt King (born September 28, 1966) is an American country singer-songwriter. King was born and raised in Asheville, North Carolina. His mother, a real estate agent, played piano, and his father, who held jobs as an auctioneer, mason, and barber, played bluegrass guitar. Early in his career he was offered a position at Opryland USA after an audition. However, he was deep in debt at the time and had to turn down the offer because he could not afford to move. Some time later, in 1994, he relocated to Nashville, where he recorded demos and played locally. Producer Gary Morris heard him perform and got him an audition with Atlantic Records, who signed him and released his debut in 1997. Soon after he performed at the Grand Ole Opry in a Johnny Russell tribute, with Earl Scruggs, Roy Clark, Ricky Skaggs, and Vince Gill.

</doc>
<doc id="18774706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774706" title="Jan de Baen">
Jan de Baen

Jan de Baen (20 February 1633–1702) was a Dutch portrait painter who lived during the Dutch Golden Age. He was a pupil of the painter Jacob Adriaensz Backer in Amsterdam from 1645 to 1648. He worked for Charles II of England in his Dutch exile, and from 1660 until his death he lived and worked in The Hague. His portraits were popular in his day, and he painted the most distinguished people of his time.
Biography.
Jan de Baen was born on 20 February 1633 in Haarlem, Holland, Dutch Republic. After his parents died, when he was a child, he lived with his uncle Hinderk Pyman (or Piemans) in Emden. Jan de Baen received his first painting lessons from his uncle, who was a painter himself. From 1645 to 1648 he lived in Amsterdam, where he was the pupil of painter Jacob Adriaensz Backer.
After completing his training, he worked for the exiled court of Charles II of England, but upon the English Restoration of 1660 did not follow his patron, but moved to The Hague, where he worked as a portrait painter for the rest of his life. The Elector of Brandenburg asked him to work at his court in Berlin, but he refused this invitation. He was the teacher of his son, the painter Jacobus de Baen, and the pupils Johann Friedrich Bodecker, Denys Godijn, Hendrik van Limborch, Nicolaes van Ravesteyn, Petro van Rijs, Jan van Sweel, and Johannes Vollevens.
He died in 1702 around his 69th birthday, and was buried in The Hague on 8 March 1702. In his biographical sketch of Jan de Baen, Houbraken claims that he taught his son Jacobus to paint, who died at 27.
Works.
His portraits were popular in his own day, and he painted the most distinguished people of his time. He portrayed Cornelis de Witt, Johan de Witt, the Grandduke of Tuscany, and King-stadtholder William III of England. Besides portraits, he also painted cityscapes, history paintings, and genre paintings.
The German "Meyers Konversations-Lexikon" (1885–1892) states that his large reputation during his life was not justified by his "characterless, rigid, and unattractively coloured images".

</doc>
<doc id="18774729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774729" title="Monique Cabral">
Monique Cabral

Monique Cabral (born December 9, 1986) is a sprinter from Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="18774750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774750" title="Divinity II">
Divinity II

Divinity II is an action role-playing game developed by Larian Studios. Its first release in 2009 was subtitled Ego Draconis, and was published by dtp entertainment and in the United States by cdv Entertainment. The updated 2011 rerelease The Dragon Knight Saga which included the expansion Flames of Vengeance, as well as the final 2012 release as "Divinity II: Developer's Cut", were published by Focus Home Interactive. 
The defining feature of "Divinity II" is the ability to switch between aerial combat as a dragon, and more traditional third-person action-role playing gameplay as a human. It is the third game in the "Divinity" franchise, and the first "Divinity" game to be released on consoles as well as for Windows.
Gameplay.
The main focus of the game is on traditional action-role playing gameplay, which includes completing quests, exploring the game world, and interacting with a variety of non-player characters. "Divinity II" utilizes some elements of games like "Diablo" and "World of Warcraft", such as a focus on upgrading equipment, randomized magical effects on equipment, unique item sets that offer greater benefits when used together, and some quest mechanics such as markers to show that an NPC will offer a quest to the player. However, it also uses elements from more traditional computer role playing games, such as branching conversation trees, choices which affect other events in the game, and non-combat segments, such as platforming or puzzle elements. When interacting with non-player characters, the player will often have the option to read their minds, which can provide information, extra choices in a quest, or equipment, at a certain cost to their experience points. The 'experience debt' then has to be repaid before they can gain experience again.
Players are given a choice of starting packages for their character during the tutorial, but progression is freeform, and the player is free to develop their character in a different direction if they want to. Skills are grouped into 'schools' which correspond to traditional roles, but all skills are available to all characters, allowing mixing between these roles. Multiple forms of crafting exist: alchemy, which allows the player to create potions; necromancy, which allows a player to customize a summonable undead pet; and enchanting, which upgrades the character's equipment.
After a certain point in the game, the character gains a base of operations known as the Battle Tower, as well as the ability to become a dragon in large spaces. Dragon combat works similarly to ground-based combat, but in three dimensions; as a dragon, the character still has a regular attack as well as skills they can use, and equipment to improve their abilities.
Plot.
The game takes place in the world of Rivellon from "Divine Divinity", although much time has passed since the end of "Divine Divinity". The player character starts out as a Dragon Slayer at the end of their training, when they are given draconic powers as a way to help fight the last remaining dragons. These powers also erase their memories of their training, but they are reassured that their memories will return quickly. The regular proceedings are interrupted by news of a dragon sighted nearby, so before the initiation is finished, the player character is rushed off with them to where the dragon was last seen.
In the expansion, "Flames of Vengeance", the Dragon Knight wakes in a crystal prison on the plane of Hypnoteromachia, where Lucien, the Divine, the adoptive father of Damien and messiah figure to Rivellon, is also imprisoned. A ghost called Behrilin comes and offers to free the Divine if the Dragon Knight will help to free him from his earthly prison.
Development.
Development on "Divinity II" began around 2006, after Larian Studios had acquired enough money to begin development on a "Divinity" sequel in earnest. From the beginning, the game was planned with the feature of transforming into a dragon in mind, and even included a third form, halfway between the dragon and human forms, which would have served as a powerful form for fighting on the ground. However, it was not implemented in the final game, though the model was reused for enemies in the game. The original concepts included more areas, based on the original map of Rivellon in "Divine Divinity", as well as features like multiplayer, co-op, and a greater importance given to the Battle Tower. 
The game uses the Gamebryo engine, known for its use in "" and "Fallout 3".
After the initial release of "Ego Draconis", Larian was interested in releasing an updated version that would fix many of the bugs and issues with the first game and improve the performance of the engine. At the same time, they developed an expansion that would come after the end of the game, as many people had complained that the original ending of the game had been unsatisfying. The updates to the main game and the expansion were sold together as the "Flames of Vengeance" add on, or bundled with the core game as "The Dragon Knight Saga". "Flames of Vengeance" and "The Dragon Knight Saga" were released in Germany in August 2010, and in all other language versions in November 2010. There was no retail United States release of "The Dragon Knight Saga" until it was released on the Xbox 360 on April 12, 2011, along with a soundtrack CD and an art book.
For the tenth anniversary of the Divinity series and the release of the Divinity Anthology, Larian made another update to the game, calling the final version "Divinity II: Developer's Cut", which included design documents, concept art, and the ability to access the developer's console in-game through a second executable file.
Marketing.
The "Ego Draconis" Windows Collector's Edition included an 18 cm resin figurine holding a metal letter opener, a cloth-map of Rivellon, a soundtrack EP with seven tracks composed by Kirill Pokrovsky and a temporary tattoo showcasing the "Divinity II: Ego Draconis" logo.
For the release of "Divinity II: Developer's Cut" on GOG.com, the website ran a promotion on a pay-what-you-want model, where people who purchased the "Developer's Cut" through the bundle were given early access to the bonus materials and the game itself upon release. Larian released behind-the-scenes videos when the sales numbers reached certain milestones, as well as a tech demo of their first, unfinished game, "The Lady, The Mage, and The Knight".
Reception.
On Metacritic, the PC and 360 versions of "Ego Draconis" have an average score of 72 and 62 respectively. "The Dragon Knight Saga" has average scores about ten points higher, with the PC version getting an average of 82 and the Xbox 360 version getting an average of 72.
GameZone's Dan Liebman gave both the PC and Xbox 360 versions an 8.4, saying "Strong narrative and open-ended design are the highlights of this fantasy experience. Divinity II: Ego Draconis will likely be overlooked by many due to the timing of its release, but it offers a genuinely engrossing world for RPG buffs to wallow in." GameZone also gave the Dragon Knight Saga a 7 out of 10, stating "Although the graphical improvements are appreciated, newcomers expecting a visual powerhouse shouldn’t get their hopes up. A good number of glitches can still be found, visual inconsistencies being one of the most striking. Your overall perception of Rivellon’s scope isn’t quite the same as a Bethesda RPG—it’s a limited field of view, despite the actual grandeur of the world."
IGN scored it a 4.8 out of 10, stating "I can’t recommend the Xbox 360 version of this product to anyone." However, in the review of "The Dragon Knight Saga", another IGN reviewer stated "If you haven't touched Divinity II at all and you enjoy action-RPGs, you won't be disappointed with the Xbox 360 version."
Legacy.
Following the success of "Divinity II: The Dragon Knight Saga", Larian expressed an interest in creating more Divinity games, while also developing the dragon gameplay that was featured in "Divinity II". They have announced that one of their next planned games is going to be an action-real time strategy game, with the main character as a Dragon Knight at a time in Rivellon's history when there were many Dragon Knights. The game was released August 6, 2013, and is titled "".

</doc>
<doc id="18774751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774751" title="Construction engineers">
Construction engineers

Construction Engineers is a general contractor and construction management company that offers preconstruction services and conventional project delivery methods in addition to design/build and tilt-up construction services. The company is located in Grand Forks, North Dakota and a vast amount of their business is done in the Red River Valley of North Dakota and Minnesota. They offer pre-construction, general construction, and design-build construction services. Their workload includes a variety of construction projects in the commercial and civil/industrial sectors, and includes clients ranging from commercial developers and private businesses, to municipalities and the US Army Corp of Engineers.
History.
Construction Engineers was founded in 1978 by John and Kurt Eickhof. 

</doc>
<doc id="18774761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774761" title="Eric Dowling">
Eric Dowling

Eric Perry Dowling (22 July 1915, Glastonbury, Somerset  – 21 July 2008, Stoke Bishop) was a British Royal Air Force navigator who participated in the World War II breakout known as "The Great Escape". 
250 POWs, in all, had been set to attempt an escape via three tunnels ("Tom", "Dick" and "Harry"). One tunnel was uncovered by guards. Another was used to store the earth excavated from Harry. The remaining tunnel, whose entrance was concealed beneath a stove in one of the huts, was too short to allow the airmen to emerge in the nearby woodland, and the men made a dash for over open ground. 
76 men managed this undetected, but the next man was spotted and the escape curtailed. All but two of the escapees were recaptured.
50 officers among them were executed on Hitler's orders. Dowling, who personally knew some of those officers, was reportedly less than impressed with the Hollywood film version of the events.
While imprisoned he became fluent in five languages. He achieved the rank of Squadron Leader. He later worked in Norway as an air crash investigator for the RAF, where he met the woman who would become his wife, Agnes Marie. 
Family.
They married in January 1946 after a six-week courtship. They had a son, Peter, and a daughter, Susan. After leaving the RAF, Eric Dowling worked for British Aerospace at Filton, Bristol. Agnes Dowling died in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18774766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774766" title="Igor Kolodinsky">
Igor Kolodinsky

Igor Kolodinsky (born July 7, 1983) is a beach volleyball player from Russia, who represents his native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 
In August, 2008 at the "A1 Beach Volleyball Grand Slam presented by NOKIA" in Klagenfurt, Austria, Kolodinsky and team mate Dmitri Barsouk won their first Swatch FIVB World Tour gold medal. 
Kolodinsky currently (per August 2008) holds the records for the fastest serve in the Swatch FIVB World Tour history. He served at 114.0 km/h at the Italian Open presented by Abruzzo in Roseto degli Abruzzi, Italy.
Sponsors.
Swatch

</doc>
<doc id="18774767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774767" title="Larian">
Larian

Larian (, also Romanized as Lārīān) is a village in Nowdezh Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,356, in 300 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18774778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774778" title="The Commandery">
The Commandery

The Commandery is a historic building open to visitors and located in the city of Worcester, England. It opened as a museum in 1977 and was for a while the only museum in England dedicated solely to the Civil Wars. The Commandery ceased to be a Civil War museum when it reopened to the public in May 2007, having undergone a year and a half of refurbishments and reinterpretation jointly funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund and Worcester City Council, who own the building.
History.
The Commandery has been used for many different purposes over the many years it has been around. These include: a Church, a house, a monastic hospital, hotel and in present day, a museum open to the public. 
Present exhibits.
In its current form, it displays six different periods of history, focusing on the characters and stories that affected The Commandery itself at those times.
The periods covered are as follows:
The Commandery includes multimedia exhibits, interactive displays and children's activities.
Foundation.
Tradition would suggest that the first building on the Commandery site was constructed in the eleventh century on the orders of Wulfstan, Bishop of Worcester (later Saint Wulfstan), as a hospital or almshouse (today a hospice) for the terminally ill and the destitute and pilgrims. Medieval pictures believed to have been made about 1490 were found in 1935 in what may have been a specially painted chamber for the dying, the pictures showing the life to come.
The first written record of its existence does not occur until the 13th century, in 1240 in "The Miracles of St. Wulfstan". This collection of stories refers to a Thomas of Eldersfield who was blinded and castrated after losing a judicial duel. According to the story Thomas was cared for at the Hospital of St. Wulfstan by Ysabel a lay sister that took pity on him. Thomas went on to make a miraculous recovery, having both his sight and manhood restored by a miracle of St. Wulfstan. The basic facts of this story appear to be true, as the legal case definitely went before the royal justices in 1221. This would suggest that the hospital was certainly in existence at that point and is nearer the dating of the buildings.
Another theory suggests that the hospital was built to mark the cannonisation of St. Wulfstan which occurred in 1203. As this date is closer to the first written record of the hospital's existence it is perhaps more likely, however the fact that a chapel incorporated into the site was dedicated to St. Godwald and not St. Wulfstan might suggest that the institution was in fact already in existence in 1203 and rather renamed to mark the canonisation of St. Wulfstan.
The name The Commandery suggests the original foundation was instituted by the Knights Hospitaller of the order of St John of Jerusalem in England whose administrative districts, often based just outside city walls, were called commanderies and keep that name today. An example where the chapel has survived but the other buildings have disappeared can be found at Poznan, Poland. The name commandery for their administrative districts remains in use today by the Venerable Order of St John.
Whatever the case may be, and it is likely that we will never know, the foundation of the Commandery is certainly shrouded in mystery.
The Hospital of St. Wulfstan - the medieval period at the Commandery.
What is slightly better documented than the foundation of the hospital is its charitable work. It is traditionally suggested that the hospital was originally built to act more as a hostel for travellers arriving at Worcester during the hours of darkness. At dusk the city gates would have been closed and so this theory makes use of the Commandery's position just outside Sidbury gate. Despite little evidence to support this, it is still considered likely.
Again, the first written evidence for the hospital's charitable work is "The Tale of Thomas of Eldersfield". Another record, this time the acceptance of a benefaction from one William de Molendiniis , records that in 1294 there were twenty-two people in the infirmary, all described as "sick". By the end of the fourteenth century however, the hospital's work appears to have altered. Several records from the 1390s show that the hospital was granting corrodies, that is, granting people shelter and sustenance for life in return for their property. Another case, from 1403, refers to Ralph and Alicia Symondes, who were granted a house and money in return for their assets rather than a place in the hospital. This particular example highlights that by the fifteenth century the Hospital of St. Wulfstan had become less a charitable carehome for the elderly and infirm but rather a profitable business.
By 1441, the ethics of this practice had been called into question and Bishop Bourchier of Worcester reformed the hospital, banning the granting of corrodies. Bourchier restricted the hospital's activities to handing out a weekly dole of bread to the poor and caring for the sick inmates. He also reorganised the hospital's management structure, appointing a master, two chaplains, five brethren and two sisters. This structure was to remain in place until the hospital was dissolved in 1540.
The master of the hospital had originally been charged with the running of all of its matters. With the income received through corrodies however, masters could become rich and therefore powerful men. Bishop Bourchier's reforms put an end to this, stripping the hospital's financial controls from the master and making it a largely honorific position given to already important people.
In the mid- to late-15th century the Hospital of St. Wulfstan received a large but anonymous donation which was put towards a complete rebuilding of the site. The older buildings were seemingly completely levelled, save for the chapel of St. Godwald, and a completely new structure built in its place. The work was finished around 1460 and it is these buildings which form the core of the Commandery even today.
The building was clearly divided, with the infirmary to the west and the much grander rooms for the use of the master to the east. The two sides were linked by the Great Hall, which would most likely have been used by the master for entertaining. The original ceiling, dais and a number of walls still survive in the Great Hall. The solar room, located on the first floor of the western range, was the living quarters of the master, though it remains unclear whether this was his bedroom, living room or both.
In the eastern range, also on the first floor, is located the Commandery's "painted chamber". This room is completely covered in medieval wall paintings which date to the period of the rebuild. Their preservation is down to their Catholic nature, as at the dissolution of the monasteries under Henry VIII they were painted over and protected from the damaging sun, obviously seen as popish idolatry. Most of the paintings depict scenes from the lives of saints, for example, the martyrdoms of St. Erasmus and St. Thomas Beckett, or St. Anne teaching the Virgin Mary to read. Other paintings include the holy trinity, the crucifixion of Christ and the weighing of the souls.
The name "Commandery".
According to Nash (1784) the name "The Commandery" (pronounced Command-ery)is associated with the Knights of the Crusades. He speculates that the first known master of the Hospital of St. Wulfstan, a man known only as Walter, had fought in the Crusades under the banner of either the Knights Templar or the Knights Hospitaler prior to his appointment at the hospital. Walter apparently continued to use his military title of Commander until his death c.1290 when his successor as master also took on the title, so starting a tradition amongst masters. By association, the residence of the Commander became known as the Commandery. No better explanation than this has been presented although no modern researches have been undertaken.
Dissolution of the Monasteries.
The Hospital of St. Wulfstan was suppressed in 1540, having been administered since the previous year by one Richard Morysyne , a gentleman of the Royal Privy Chamber and the last master of the hospital. He seems to have been appointed specifically to wind-up the affairs of the hospital. The building's wall paintings, as mentioned, were painted over and many more objects of historic and religious value were probably lost. What happened after 1540 is debated. One theory suggests that Richard Morysyne profited greatly from the hospital's dissolution, being granted it for the relatively small sum of £14. The other theory states that Morysyne surrendered the hospital, by this time known as the Commandery, to the king who then donated it to Christ Church College, Oxford. Whatever the case may be, by 1541 the Commandery's owner was leasing the building to one Thomas Wylde, a wealthy Worcester clothier and in 1545 Thomas bought the Commandery outright for £498. Direct descendants, including Thomas Wylde MP for Worcester in nine parliaments, continued to own and live in the house until Thomas Wylde of Bridgnorth (d. 25 April 1789) disposed of it in 1785.

</doc>
<doc id="18774787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774787" title="Daily Record (Maryland)">
Daily Record (Maryland)

The Daily Record, published in Baltimore, Maryland, is a statewide business and legal newspaper. The paper publishes 5 days a week, 52 weeks a year, except for certain holidays.
Corporate history.
Founded by Edwin Warfield, The Daily Record was first published in 1888 as a court and commercial paper. Minneapolis-based Dolan Media Inc., (NYSE: DM) acquired the Daily Record Company in 1994. The paper launched its Web site in 1997.
Daily content.
The Daily Record reports on commerce, finance, law, business, construction and real estate, with a focus on Baltimore City and Baltimore County. Friday’s edition features "Maryland Business", with an expanded look at business news. 
Monday’s edition features "Maryland Lawyer", which expands on the paper’s normal coverage of local, regional and national legal trends. The paper tracks Maryland’s appellate courts (the Court of Appeals and the Court of Special Appeals and selected trial-level courts, including the circuit courts for Baltimore City and Baltimore County and Montgomery County and includes significant case law and opinion digests. The paper also covers the federal courts in Baltimore and Greenbelt and the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
A Saturday edition was discontinued in 2008.
Additional publications and events.
The Daily Record produces a number of target publications focused on particular aspects of Maryland business. The company also produces the newsletter "Maryland Family Law Monthly", which tracks family law matters in the state.
The paper hosts a number of annual events honoring members of Maryland’s business, legal, health care and other industries. These include Maryland’s Top 100 Women, Leadership in Law and Influential Marylanders.
Blogs.
"On the Record" is the paper’s legal blog and features contributions from the paper’s writing and editing staff. "Eye on Annapolis" is a government matters blog written by The Daily Record's Maryland General Assembly reporter, with intensive coverage during the 90-day session running from January to March. "Maryland Business" is The Daily Record's business blog featuring contributions from the writing and editing staff. And "Generation J.D." is The Daily Record's blog for young lawyers, written by attorneys from across the state who are rising stars in the legal profession.
Awards.
The paper received the National Newspaper Association’s 2007 General Excellence Award, Maryland Daily Division, circulation less than 16,000.

</doc>
<doc id="18774794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774794" title="Millennium Square (Bristol)">
Millennium Square (Bristol)

Millennium Square is a location in the centre of Bristol, England. It was built as part of the At Bristol development, and has become a popular public area.
Attractions.
Millennium Square is home to a BBC Big Screen and a large water feature. A bronze statue of Bristol-born actor Cary Grant by sculptor Graham Ibbeson was unveiled by Grant's widow in 2001. Other bronze sculptures include William Penn, William Tyndale and Thomas Chatterton, all three by Lawrence Holofcener. There are also a number of small painted bronze Jack Russell terrier dogs, some of which are set into the paved surface, as if they were swimming.
An analemma is built into the paving slabs.

</doc>
<doc id="18774813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774813" title="Greg Holland (musician)">
Greg Holland (musician)

Greg Holland is an American country musician. Holland grew up in Douglas, Georgia, where he performed as a youngster in local play productions and on television. He recorded a demo before reaching his teens and opened in concert for Ronnie Milsap when he was 12 years old. Holland played several instruments in the school band in high school, and also played in a rock group called The Bad Boys. He spent three years in the Army, performing with a soldiers' group in Europe, and upon his return signed with Warner Bros. Records. Two solo albums followed, one for Warner in 1994 and one for Asylum in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18774818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774818" title="Tooele Transcript-Bulletin">
Tooele Transcript-Bulletin

The Tooele Transcript-Bulletin is a 114-year-old, twice-weekly (Tuesday and Thursday) newspaper serving Tooele County, Utah and environs. The paper, originally called the "Tooele Transcript", was purchased by James Dunn, a Scottish farmer and poet, in 1898 for $20. It has remained in the hands of the Dunn family for several generations since. In 1923, the paper acquired the rival "The Tooele Bulletin", and began publishing under the "Transcript-Bulletin" name. The paper has won awards for editorial excellence over the years, and was named the best non-daily newspaper in Utah by the Society of Professional Journalists Utah Headliners in 2007, 2009 and 2010.
The newspaper's parent company, Transcript Bulletin Publishing, is a printing, publishing and design enterprise serving clients across the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="18774823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774823" title="Mickey Rourke filmography">
Mickey Rourke filmography

This is a filmography of Mickey Rourke. This list includes information about films starring Mickey Rourke, notes, awards, his television works, trivia, highest-grossing films, critical acclaim of Mickey's films, shows where Mickey Rourke appeared, roles he turned down, etc. You can also find information about his other work and previous collaborations. A recently published book, "Everything I Need to Know I Learned from Mickey Rourke Movies" by Dan Rempala, explores life lessons provided by Rourke's films.
Mickey Rourke began his career in the film "1941", directed by Steven Spielberg. Later, Rourke starred in television films and made brief appearances in feature films. He made his breakthrough performance in the film "Diner". Later, his career continued with popular films such as "9½ Weeks", "The Pope of Greenwich Village", "Rumble Fish", "Year of the Dragon", "Barfly", "Angel Heart" and many more. Rourke also starred in a film about Francis of Assisi called "Francesco". In the early 1990s, he returned to boxing and didn't star in many films. He also turned down many roles that proved to be fortuitous for other actors. In the 2000s, he returned to prominence and won a Saturn Award for his performance in "Sin City". Rourke has worked with well-known actors including Jack Nicholson, Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken.
Mickey starred in theater films, direct-to-video films and television works. He also wrote some of his films under the name "Sir" Eddie Cook. Rourke also made cameo appearances in some of his films like "The Pledge" or "They Crawl".
Critical acclaim.
Only two films of Mickey Rourke's are in the IMDb Top 250. "Sin City" is #85 and "The Wrestler" is #78. According to Rotten Tomatoes, Mickey's most "fresh" film is "The Wrestler" and most "rotten" film is "Passion Play".
Rotten Tomatoes.
You can find below only films of Mickey Rourke which ranked as "fresh" in the site Rotten Tomatoes.
Metacritic.
This list includes only fresh films of M. Rourke in Metacritic.
Previous collaborations.
During his career, Rourke worked with directors including Steven Spielberg, Lawrence Kasdan, Francis Ford Coppola, Barry Levinson, Stuart Rosenberg, Nicolas Roeg, Michael Cimino, Adrian Lyne, Alan Parker, Mike Hodges, Barbet Schroeder, Walter Hill, Tsui Hark, Terrence Malick, Jonas Åkerlund, Wong Kar-wai, Tony Scott, Robert Rodriguez and John Madden, as well as actors-turned-directors Sean Penn, Vincent Gallo and Steve Buscemi. Rourke also starred in the films which also stars popular actors including Kim Basinger, Jean Claude Van Damme, Helena Bonham Carter, Matt Damon, Danny DeVito, Tupac Shakur, Bruce Willis, Benicio del Toro, Alicia Silverstone, Anthony Hopkins, Jack Nicholson, Willem Dafoe, Johnny Depp, Denzel Washington, Antonio Banderas, Salma Hayek, Robert De Niro and so on. Rourke worked with actor Christopher Walken 5 times. They starred together in the films "Heaven's Gate", "Homeboy", "Man on Fire", "Domino" and voice acting in video game "" (2005).
Christopher Walken stated to the Film Comment on August, 1992 that destiny to make "Homeboy" with Mickey Rourke:
Other works.
Mickey Rourke made his stage debut in a revival of Arthur Miller's "A View From the Bridge". Rourke also lent his voice to the video games "Driv3r" (2004) as Jericho and "" (2005) as Terrence "Terry" Higgins, which was the his fifth and last work with actor Christopher Walken. He also appeared in a Japanese TV commercial for Suntory Reserve (early '90s), a commercial for Daihatsu and Lark cigarettes, and a commercial for DirecTV. More recently, in 2009, Rourke voiced the character of Dick Marcinko for the biographical video game "Rogue Warrior", which was released on December 1, 2009. Ironically, Rourke's portrayal of Marcinko was a source of humorous praise from a few critics (although many others criticized Rourke's role to the same degree that they did every other aspect of the game).
Rourke appeared as a gangster in the music video for "Hero" by Enrique Iglesias. Actress Jennifer Love Hewitt also made an appearance in the clip. Rourke also provided the mid-song rap on the David Bowie song "Shining Star (Makin' My Love)" on his album "Never Let Me Down" (1987).
External links.
! colspan="3" style="background:#DAA520;" | National Society of Film Critics Award
! colspan="3" style="background:#DAA520;" | Saturn Award
! colspan="3" style="background:#DAA520;" | Golden Globe Awards

</doc>
<doc id="18774830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774830" title="Highland Capital Partners">
Highland Capital Partners

Highland Capital Partners is a global venture capital firm with offices in Silicon Valley, Boston and Shanghai. Highland has raised over $3 billion in committed capital and invested in more than 225 companies. Investments include 2U, Aereo, Ask Jeeves, Bromium, Gigamon, Leap Motion, Lululemon Athletica, LevelUp, Lycos, MapQuest, Nebula, Qihoo 360, Quattro Wireless, Rent the Runway, Starent Networks, Sybase, VistaPrint and WePay. Highland also serves as a mentor for future entrepreneurs through Summer@Highland, a program that provides students and university-affiliated startups with the environment and resources to take their initiative to the next level. 
Founded in 1988, the company has offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA; Menlo Park, California, USA; Geneva, Switzerland; London, UK and Shanghai, China.
Led by Thomas G. Stemberg, the Highland Consumer Fund was formed by Highland in 2006 to invest in consumer-facing enterprises that are in need of capital for growth and expansion. The firm finished fundraising in 2007 with over $300 million of investor commitments, exceeding its $250 million target.
History.
Investments and investment funds.
Highland is typically the first institutional investor in the companies they back.
From inception in 1988 through the middle of 2009, the firm has raised eight venture capital funds with aggregate investor commitments of approximately $3 billion:
Notable investments.
The company has invested some $2.5 billion in more than 200 companies since its founding. Among Highland's most notable current and past investments are:
"Source: Company website"
Current and former employees.
In February 2005, Thomas G. Stemberg, the founder and former CEO of Staples joined Highland. Other notable members of the team include Bob Davis, the founder of Lycos; Peter Bell the co-founder and CEO of information storage software company StorageNetworks; Andy Miller, the co-founder of Quattro Wireless (acquired by Apple Computer in 2009), and most recently the Vice President Mobile Advertising responsible for the iAd team; and Wycliffe Grousbeck, who reduced his role in Highland to become managing partner and co-owner of the Boston Celtics. A recent addition to the Highland team is James Cash, Jr., who has served on eighteen public company boards - currently Wal-Mart, General Electric and Chubb Corporation.
Other.
Highland Capital Partners is not affiliated with Highland Capital Management, the multi billion dollar distressed investment firm, hedge fund sponsor, and mutual fund manager based in Dallas, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18774832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774832" title="Lower Beckett Falls">
Lower Beckett Falls

Lower Beckett Falls is a 3 metre high ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Chedoke Falls, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Civic Golf Course, Denlow Falls, Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum, Copps Coliseum.
Directions.
Located east side of "Beckett Drive", 100 metres up from intersection of "Amelia Street" & end of Queen Street South.

</doc>
<doc id="18774834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774834" title="Parker County Courthouse">
Parker County Courthouse

The Parker County Courthouse is an historic building located at Courthouse Square in Weatherford, Texas, the seat of Parker County. It was constructed in 1884 in the Second Empire style.
The courthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 21, 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="18774850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774850" title="USS San Jose (AFS-7)">
USS San Jose (AFS-7)

USS "San Jose" (AFS-7) was a "Mars"-class combat stores ship acquired by the U.S. Navy (USN) in 1970. She served as a Navy ship until November 1993, and was involved in the Vietnam War and the Persian Gulf War. The ship was transferred to the Military Sealift Command (MSC), and was redesignated USNS "San Jose" (T-AFS-7). As an MSC vessel, "San Jose" was involved in the INTERFET peacekeeping taskforce, the response to the December 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, as well as the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The ship was deactivated in 2010, and is awaiting scrapping.
Design and construction.
"San Jose" was laid down on 8 March 1969 by the National Steel and Shipbuilding Company, San Diego; launched on 13 December 1969; christened by Mrs. Robert Ellis, III, for the sponsor, her mother, Mrs. George L. Murphy; and commissioned on 23 October 1970, Capt. James H. Morris in command.
Operational history.
United States Navy.
Following commissioning and fitting out, "San Jose", the first combat stores ship of the Pacific Fleet Service Force to receive the U-1500 computer system, conducted training drills; made a short cruise to Acapulco, Mexico, out of San Diego, California; and carried out ship's qualification trials out of Long Beach, California, before steaming to her home port, Alameda, California, in February 1971. Arriving on 10 February, she took on her first PACFILL (Pacific Fleet Issue Load List) stock, and, in March, completed final contract trials. Shakedown and availability followed. In July, she moved north to British Columbia to participate in the observance of that province's Centennial. August took her to Seattle, Washington. On 10 September, she received two UH-46 helicopters from detachment HC-3; and departed Alameda the next day for her first WestPac deployment.
The stores ship arrived at Subic Bay, Philippines, on 27 September; topped off her load; and, on 4 October, departed for the Tonkin Gulf and her first line swing. On 6 October, she conducted her first simultaneous vertical replenishment, with her first underway replenishment of a carrier task group occurring the next day. From the Tonkin Gulf, "San Jose" delivered freight at Danang, Cam Ranh Bay, and Vung Tau; then conducted underway replenishments off the southern coast of South Vietnam before moving on to a port visit at Singapore, whence she headed back to the Philippines to take on more cargo. "San Jose" returned to Subic Bay on 23 October and, by the end of November, had completed three more line swings. On 10 December, she completed her fifth line swing, and, at mid-month, commenced her sixth. The deployment to the western Pacific Ocean ended on 16 March 1972, when she departed Subic Bay to return to the United States. Proceeding via Apra Harbor, Guam, and Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, she arrived in San Diego at the end of the month.
"San Jose" resumed local operations out of San Diego, California, until redeploying to the U.S. 7th Fleet in late August. She arrived in Subic Bay on 12 September and, after nine months supporting the 7th Fleet in the Far East, departed Sasebo, Japan, on 11 June 1973 to return to the United States. She arrived at San Francisco, California, on the 22d and resumed local operations. Through June 1974, "San Jose" continued to cruise the western coastline of the United States, based at San Francisco. Following the conclusion of US involvement in the Vietnam War, "San Jose" was awarded three battle stars for service during the conflict: Consolidation I, Consolidation II, and Vietnam Ceasefire.
The ship was stationed at Naval Station Guam during the late 1980s and early 1990s to support the United States Seventh Fleet, along with sister ships and . During 1990 and 1991, she served during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, later known as the Persian Gulf War.
Military Sealift Command.
"San Jose" was transferred to Military Sealift Command on 2 November 1993. She was deployed to East Timor as part of the Australian-led INTERFET peacekeeping taskforce from 25 to 31 October 1999. In 2005, "San Jose" provided logistics support to hospital ship in efforts to provide assistance to victims of the December 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia. "San Jose" most recently provided logistics support to Navy ships in the Persian Gulf supporting both Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Deactivation and fate.
On 20 July 2009, the US Navy announced that the ship would be inactivated on 27 January 2010. As of 2010, "San Jose" is awaiting scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="18774867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774867" title="Michael Robertson">
Michael Robertson

Michael Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18774875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774875" title="Liselotte Schramm-Heckmann">
Liselotte Schramm-Heckmann

Besides painting, she created sceneries for many plays and operas for some stages in western Germany.
After her marriage with the painter Werner Schramm in 1925, she lived at Fiesole near Florence and worked there for a year. The young couple then lived for five years at Bellevue near Paris. There, a son and a daughter were born. Returning to Germany, they settled for good in Düsseldorf.
In 1938 she organized a big exhibition of her works in several towns of the Rhineland.
In 1955 she contributed to the first International Exhibition of the Peintres de la réalité in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18774883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774883" title="Jedd Hughes">
Jedd Hughes

Jedd Hughes (born March 31, 1982) is a country musician born in Australia. Hughes grew up in Quorn, where he grew up listening to his father's country records. He won a local country music contest at the age of eight and began playing guitar from age nine, taking lessons from his father. He toured Europe when he was 12 and played with various Australian country musicians throughout his teens. After graduating from high school he moved to Levelland, Texas, to study bluegrass at South Plains College. After studying under Terry McBride,(formerly of McBride & the Ride) he dropped out and moved to Nashville, where he worked as a guitarist for Patty Loveless. Eventually he signed with MCA Records, who released his debut album "Transcontinental" in 2004. He had hits with the singles "High Lonesome" and "Soldier for the Lonely", the latter of which hit No. 60 on the U.S. Billboard Country charts. Hughes and McBride, along with Brett James, also co-wrote Josh Gracin's "Stay with Me (Brass Bed)." Hughes is featured as a duet partner on the track "That's All It Took" from Patty Loveless's 2008 album "Sleepless Nights". He is featured on three tracks from Sarah Buxton's self-titled debut album, which was released on February 23, 2010. In the spring of 2013, he became a lead guitarist of Emmylou Harris & Rodney Crowell Tour Band

</doc>
<doc id="18774892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774892" title="The Bulletin (alternative weekly)">
The Bulletin (alternative weekly)

The Montgomery County Bulletin or simply The Bulletin is a now defunct free alternative weekly newspaper distributed in Montgomery County, Texas; a suburban county north of Houston. It claimed a circulation of 20,000 copies before being forced out of business in 2008 due to evidence of massive plagiarism. 
History.
The paper was founded in 1969 as a shopper. In 1998, Mike Ladyman, former publisher of "Wheels" magazine (no relation to the Australian publication) bought the paper and turned it into an alternative weekly. He largely ran it as a mom-and-pop business, delivering the paper himself. He largely left the writing to Mark Williams, a freelance writer who was listed as a staff reporter and music editor.
In Ladyman's first year of ownership, the "Bulletin" received the "Most Improved Newspaper" award from the Texas Community Newspaper Association. 
Plagiarism scandal.
In late July 2008, "Slate" music critic Jody Rosen got word that a Williams piece about Jimmy Buffett that appeared in the March 2008 "Bulletin" was almost a verbatim copy of a 2007 piece Rosen had written for "Slate". Rosen did a search on Google, and discovered that all of Williams' articles dating back to at least 2005 had been copied wholesale from numerous sources. Williams appeared to have stolen work from diverse publications such as "The Guardian", "salon.com", "NME", "Rolling Stone" and the "Boston Globe". The Buffett article that triggered his initial inquiry, for instance, had been lifted from Rosen's 2007 piece and two other articles. He also found at that Williams had stolen at least one of his other articles for "Slate."
Later, Rosen obtained a copy of the "Bulletin's" latest issue, and found that nearly every article in it appeared to have been plagiarized. Rosen suggested that "in purely statistical terms, [...] the articles in the Montgomery County Bulletin amount to the greatest plagiarism scandal in the annals of American journalism".
After Rosen published his article on August 6, 2008; some observers suggested that Mark Williams was simply a "nom de plume" of Mike Ladyman, but in a "Houston Press" interview Ladyman denied the charge and called "Slate's" piece “an attack, an attention-grabbing hatchet job”. He also complained of Rosen's attitude in the affair and claimed that he was not given sufficient time and details to react appropriately and diligently. “The mistake I made was not working fast enough for Jody Rosen and apparently I needed to be punished for it.” Ladyman announced the cessation of "The Bulletin"'s publication and blamed Williams for the plagiarism. Williams himself published a bitter and sarcastic open letter to Rosen in which he wrote, describing himself as the victim of the critic's quest for blogosphere fame: "Of course, you are certainly owed an apology, but one has to ponder for a moment just why that is; after all, you have most definitely garnered the attention of the bloggers that you evidently crave in abundance with this manufactured scandal." Williams claimed that he had not intentionally plagiarized articles but had simply used press kit material without realizing that they included work of other journalists: "I did so thinking it was cleared for such use; but, as so subtly pointed out, I was mistaken." In turn, Rosen contested the timeline presented by Ladyman and blamed him for shunning his responsibilities as the newspaper's editor.
The scandal also spawned discussion on the thin line which separates plagiarism from very commonplace news aggregation. In the conclusion of his piece, Rosen quipped "Mike Ladyman and company may simply be bringing guerrilla-style 21st-century content aggregation to 20th-century print media: publishing the Napster of newspapers." Craig Silverman of Regret the Error described the "Bulletin" as "perhaps the first newspaper to pursue plagiarism as a standard operating procedure."
Rosen was a guest on NPR's "On the Media" on August 8, 2008. He suggested that the "Bulletin" really didn't need a Website because it was a free paper supported by advertising in the print edition. He thought that Williams' plagiarism probably would have gone unnoticed had not the paper's Website opened it up to being searched on Google.

</doc>
<doc id="18774910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774910" title="Pandorum">
Pandorum

Pandorum is a German-American 2009 post-apocalyptic ecological science fiction film, with elements of Locked Room Mystery, Thriller, and Survival Adventure. Written by Travis Milloy, directed by Christian Alvart and produced by Paul W.S. Anderson. The film stars Dennis Quaid and Ben Foster. Filming began in Berlin in August 2008. "Pandorum" was released on September 25, 2009 in the United States, and on October 2, 2009 in the UK.
The premise is that a massive ship which parallels Noah's Ark is lost in space almost out of power, roamed by spear-wielding, scar-covered, bone-spiked armored Hunters akin to Morlocks. They are physically superior to humans and this leads to a state of chaos making it every man for himself for the humans on board. The film's title is a nickname of fictional psychosis called "Orbital Dysfunctional Syndrome" (ODS for short) caused by deep space and triggered by emotional stress leading to severe paranoia and delirium along with nose bleed, which prior to the current events caused the captain of a ship named the "Eden" to believe the flight was cursed. The mystery is centered around what's going on, what had happened on the ship for it to reach its current state, what is the mission, what happened to the rest of the crew, what the creatures are, and where they came from.
Plot.
In 2174, the human population has grown to the point of exceeding the carry capacity of Earth, causing humanity to build a sleeper ship/interstellar ark named Elysium. The mission is to send 60,000 people on a 123-year trip to an Earth-like planet named Tanis to establish civilization there. Eight years into the mission the ship receives a transmission from earth in multiple languages before speaking in English ""You're all that's left of us. Good luck, God Bless, and godspeed"". Some time later two astronauts of the flight crew, an altruistic claustrophobe named Corporal Bower and his level headed Lieutenant named Payton, have awakened in a hyper-sleep chamber by power surges aboard. Due to being under general anesthesia during hyper-sleep for eight years they have become amnesiac. Bower ventures deep into the now seemingly abandoned ship to jump-start the reactor to take control of the ship before it dies, along with everyone on board. He remembers how he was inspired by the flight since childhood, along with his wife being on board the ship and he is suffering from the earlier stages of Pandorum after having a claustrophobic panic attack.
However, he encounters pale-skinned tribal warrior hunters with heightened sense of smell and strength. They practice both endocannibalism and exocannibalism, hanging humans from ropes and cutting their stomachs open. He also meets two members who have become egocentric lone wolf survivalists because they believe the flight crew to be dead thus resorted to survival-of-fittest tactics. The first being a former geneticist of an institute in Brandenburg who has survived for months by mugging others. She initially acts cynical and hostile towards Bower, but later warms up to him after he saves her life from the other survivor, an old cook who survived for years by shamefully feeding on both the hunters and humans along with algae covering the ship. Named Nadia and Leland respectively, the survivors join him when they realize that Bower can fix and fly the ship. He also finds an ally in a selfless and persistent non-English speaking agriculturist who saves him several times, named Manh.
Meanwhile, Payton encounters a strange young man named Cpl. Gallo. The corporal claims he had to kill his team in self-defense because they developed Pandorum as Earth mysteriously vanished on their way to Tanis and they are now lost in space. The aftermath is depicted on drawings on the walls of Leland's lair and he explains the origin of the hunters and their cannibalistic behavior based on what he heard from others. Gallo had developed Pandorum and affected many others on board with it as the drawings depict him along with other passengers with electric sparks around their heads, hinting something abnormal with their minds, along with blood pouring from their noses. He then psychologically manipulated the other psychotics into exiling themselves on the ship to play a nasty game which involved them fighting, hanging each other from ropes, cutting their stomachs open, and feeding on their own. Eventually, he went back into hyper-sleep, leaving the Elysium to become a generation ship. It is hinted that the hunters are the descendants of the psychotic cannibals who have evolved over the course of successive generations into a troglofaunal species and are apparently continuing the game Gallo started with their ancestors as tradition. This was due to an enzyme given to the members through their feeding tubes in hyper-sleep that was supposed to both help their bodies adjust to the conditions on Tanis and speed up evolutionary ecological selection. Instead they adapted to the conditions of their low sunlit ship.
It is also revealed that Bower's wife left him, with nothing else left for him on Earth he enlisted on the mission to find a place in history, while she remained on Earth and vanished along with it. Which causes him to grieve to the point of giving up. Out of empathy Nadia gives emotional support to help him remain optimistic and motivated, saying she saved his life and that humanity was meant to survive. This help him on move on but he remembers something about Payton. When the group finally reach the reactor Manh distracts the cannibals in order for Bower to jump start the reactor. Manh is cornered by their leader but refuses to die without a fight so the creature gives him a weapon to defend himself, which leads to a one-sided battle in the monster's favor. However, the creature's arrogance leads to Mahn getting lucky and manages to kill it, but he is killed when he hesitates to slay its child.
The remaining three then head to the control room to gain control of the ship, where Gallo and Payton are. There it is revealed that Payton is not really who he thinks he is and that Gallo is Payton's hallucination of his younger self, his own memories playing mind games with him. Gallo proceeds to kill Leland who arrives before the others, and is then confronted by Bower and Nadia. Bower remembers what the real Payton looks like and knows he isn't his lieutenant. However, the ship is apparently lost somewhere in space where there are no stars and the cannibals close in on them, this causes Bower to have another panic attack and the final stages of Pandorum take effect on him. Gallo then attempts to manipulate him as he did with others who fell to the psychosis. He tries to convert him to anarcho-egoism and anarcho-primitivism views. Stating that they should create a new world in a wild primitive state with the ship to replace human civilization because its moralistic altruism led to the overpopulation crisis on Earth and that they should embrace predation among each other(referencing the hunters). It's then revealed that the ship has actually reached Tanis, landing under water, and 923 years have passed since the mission started. Gallo attacks Bower and Nadia tries to defend him. In his delirium, Bower breaks the hull's window, flooding the ship. Nadia manages to snap Bower out his condition, and they get themselves into his hibernation pod. The flood triggers a hull breach emergency ejecting the active pods to the surface, while Gallo and the cannibals drown. This starts Year One on Tanis with a population of 1,213.
Production.
The film began life as a preliminary script written by Travis Milloy in the late-1990s. The story was originally set on a prison ship named "Pandorum", transporting thousands of Earth's deadliest prisoners to another planet; the cannibal hunters were the end result of the prisoners' degeneration. The characters played by Antje Traue and Cung Le were inmates. Ben Foster's character was a non-prisoner who did not trust anyone.
Believing no studio would want to make the film, Milloy thought about making it as a low-budget film shot on video in an abandoned paper mill with unknown actors. However, it attracted the attention of filmmaker Paul W. S. Anderson and Jeremy Bolt, and they gave it to Impact Pictures, who green-lit it. The producers gave the script to director Christian Alvart who was struck by the similarities to his own screenplay titled "No Where". His dramatic story was about four astronauts aboard a settlers' ship who suffer from amnesia. Alvart decided that they should weld the two screenplays together, and the producers and Milloy agreed. With the ship now changed to a settler's ship, the use of the word "Pandorum" was changed from the name of the ship to a type of mental illness caused by sustained deep space travel.
"Pandorum" was announced in May 2008 with Dennis Quaid and Ben Foster in lead roles. Christian Alvart was attached to direct the film, based on a script by Travis Milloy. The movie was financed by Constantin Film through a joint venture deal with subsidiary Impact Pictures. The partnership helped fund the $40 million production. Constantin drew subsidies from Germany's Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg (MBB) regional film fund, the German Federal Film Board (FFA) and the German Federal Film Fund (DFFF). The German Federal Film Fund provided $6 million to the production, the fund's second-largest 2008 payout after $7.5 million for "Ninja Assassin". Filming took place at Babelsberg Studios in Potsdam in August 2008.
Release, Director's Cut, & Sequel.
Summit Entertainment handled foreign sales and presented "Pandorum" to buyers at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. Overture Films distributed "Pandorum" in North America, Icon in the United Kingdom and Australia, Svensk in Scandinavia, and Movie Eye in Japan. The film was set up as a possible franchise, so that if it performed well, Impact Pictures could green-light one or more sequels.
The DVD and Blu-ray Disc release occurred on January 19, 2010 in the United States over Anchor Bay Entertainment.
The director and producer commentaries on the DVD indicate that an unrated version of the movie exists but has not been released.
In 2010 fans started a Facebook group – 500,000 to get PANDORUM sequel – To help reassure the producers to make sure a sequel comes out. Director Christian Alvart later became a member of the group.
Reception.
Pandorum mostly gained average or subpar reviews. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports the film holding 28% positive reviews out of 81, with the site rating it 4.2/10. The site's consensus is that "While it might prove somewhat satisfying for devout sci-fi fans, "Pandorum"'s bloated, derivative plot ultimately leaves it drifting in space.". However most of the criticisms actually centered upon the pacing or thought the plot was confusing. Some critics misread the plot thinking the hunters were the actual crew who have transformed, however the context of the plot imply and even the filmmakers on the DVD state that they were not the crew but their descendants. At Metacritic, which judges on a 0–100 scale, the film holds a "generally unfavorable" score of 28 based on 13 reviews. Science fiction magazine "SFX" was more positive, stating that ""Pandorum" is the finest interstellar horror in years", and awarding the film 4 stars out of 5. "Film Ireland" also gave "Pandorum" a positive review, appreciating the film's synergy of cinematic techniques, set design, and developed characters.
The film grossed $20,645,327 worldwide, therefore failing to bring back its $33 million budget. The film opened at #6 at the US box office with weekend receipts totaling $4,424,126.
Soundtrack.
Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="18774934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774934" title="Johann Jakob Haid">
Johann Jakob Haid

Johann Jakob Haid (1704–1767) was a German engraver who worked in Augsburg.
Haid came from a German family of artists and engravers and was known for large mezzotint portraits.
He worked in England, and it has been suggested that he borrowed from the work of Robert Robinson (c. 1651 – 1706), who was a popular English mezzotint engraver, painter, and stage designer.
Haid also produced botanical work after Bartholomaus Seutter (1678–1754) and with Johann Ridinger, and worked on Johann Wilhelm Weinmann's ""Phytanthoza iconographia"".

</doc>
<doc id="18774935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774935" title="Natolin Kiernoski">
Natolin Kiernoski

Natolin Kiernoski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774936" title="Niedzieliska">
Niedzieliska

Niedzieliska may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18774940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774940" title="Niedzieliska, Łódź Voivodeship">
Niedzieliska, Łódź Voivodeship

Niedzieliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18774949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774949" title="Scibe Airlift">
Scibe Airlift

Scibe Airlift was an airline from Zaire (today known as Democratic Republic of the Congo), with its base at N'Djili Airport, Kinshasa.
History.
The airline started activities in November 1976 as SBZ Cargo with a single Vickers Viscount. Due to problems concerning the national airline, Air Zaire, Scibe Airlift became the first passenger airline in the country. After covering the whole country, it bought a Boeing 707, which allowed for serving Europe. In the early 1990s Scibe Airlift was at its height, serving a multitude of destinations and leasing its aircraft out to European airlines. In 1992, it operated a DC-10-30 on its Kinshasa-Brussels route.
The political instability of the country and the poor financial management of the company brought it to an end. Scibe Airlift ceased its operations on 29 September 1998 when its last aircraft was stored at London Southend Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18774967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774967" title="Dutch Treat Club">
Dutch Treat Club

The Dutch Treat Club is a society of illustrators, writers and performers based in New York City. Primarily social in nature, the club has had as members such leading literary figures and humorists as Robert Benchley, Rube Goldberg, Robert M. McBride, and Ogden Nash. 
Founding.
In 1905, Tuesday was the day of the week when Life Magazine's editors, such as J. A. Mitchell reviewed the drawings and writings of their regular contributors.
Every Tuesday morning Life's anteroom would be thronged with clever illustrators chatting together sociably as they waited their turns to be ushered into the sanctum of "JAM", and writers waiting similarly for interviews with Thomas L. Masson, the literary editor. Since many of these contributors lived in the suburbs, it was natural that, being in town for the day, they should feel like having a good time in each other's company. And so the "gang" got the habit of lunching somewhere together, each paying for his own meal.
The eleven founders included four writers, four illustrators, two editors and a publisher, among them:

</doc>
<doc id="18774989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18774989" title="Olaf Schmidt (ski jumper)">
Olaf Schmidt (ski jumper)

Olaf Schmidt is an East German ski jumper.
In the first run in Zakopane within the 1st FIS Ski jumping World Cup 1979/1980 he placed third .

</doc>
<doc id="18775010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775010" title="Shred Nebula">
Shred Nebula

Shred Nebula is a multidirectional shooter video game developed by CrunchTime Games Inc. for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade service. The game was released on September 3, 2008.
Gameplay.
"Shred Nebula" takes its inspiration from "Asteroids" and "SubSpace". Like the aforementioned games, the game is a top down shooter in which the player can only shoot in the direction the ship is facing. The game features over 20 ships, each with its own unique speed, durability, and special attacks. In multiplayer, players can choose from a selection of 8 different ships. There are 40 stages in total, each of which will feature unique obstacles or traps.
Gameplay Modes.
"Shred Nebula" will feature 3 unique gameplay modes:
Development.
On July 9, 2008, CrunchTime Games announced that development was finished. 
On August 7, 2008, James Goddard (a.k.a., DJames) announced on Gamespot On The Spot that Shred Nebula would be released on September 3, 2008.
On September 3, 2008, Crunchtime Games publicly released the design documents for Shred Nebula to aid games designers.
On September 4, 2008, Crunchtime Games spoke to website Console Arcade about developing the game, setting up their own studio and working the XBLA.

</doc>
<doc id="18775016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775016" title="Rida Al Abdullah">
Rida Al Abdullah

Rida Al Abdulla (also spelled "Rida Al Abdallah", "Reda Al Abdullah") () is an Iraqi singer. He gained attention across the Arab world for his singles "Bo'dak Habibi", "Qasawa", "Dhalim", "Min Trid Abousak", "Al Asabe3", "Melih Wa Zad", "Ya Hali" and many other hits including "Weinkom Ya Arab" ("Where are the Arabs"), which was a protest song against the war 2006 Lebanon-Israeli war. His new album "Yom Wa Sana" will be released in July 2009 and it includes 14 songs all written and composed by Rida himself.
Biography.
Rida Al Abdulla was born in Iraq in 1966. His work bridges Arabic classical music (maqam) with popular styles of his region and beyond. The poetry he adapts and lyrics he composes move beyond familiar romantic themes to delve into the deeper dynamics of human relationships, and by implication, social and political realities. Behind Rida’s achievements lies a harrowing personal story of travail in Iraq. Hardship and suffering all unnecessarily caused by America's Iraq (always has been always will be) have given him the tenacity, focus and drive to become one of the brightest stars of today’s Middle East.
Rida was born in Kirkuk. As a child he would spontaneously break into song in the classroom, and he was so good that the teacher actually stopped to listen, even beginning the day by asking, “Rida, what do you have for us today?” Rida shone in school plays and concerts, and began writing his own songs by the age of ten. His parents encouraged him, buying him instruments, in particular an oud, the principle instrument of Arabic composers. Rida adored classical Iraqi singers Nathem Al Ghazali and Mohammed Al Kubanji. Such elevated, beautiful music afforded the young man refuge from the chaos and oppression of the early Hussein years. At a time when singers were being pressured to sing for the regime, or not at all, Rida kept a low profile, singing, composing and practicing at home.
Rida came of age during the turmoil and violence of the Iran-Iraq war. At eighteen, he enrolled into the House of Art and Music Conservatory of Iraq in Baghdad where he studied all aspects of music for the next six years. Composer Munir Bashir, one of the grandest figures in 20th century Iraqi music, took an early interest in Rida, teaching him the works of Rawhy Khamash, Doctor Salem Abdel Karim, Ali Imam and many others. Rida graduated at the top of his class as a composer and performer on the oud.
Rida continued his musical studies at the Academy of Arts, Music and Theatre. He began recording his music, although Iraq’s music industry was in disarray at the time, and his work was not promoted. During the invasion of Kuwait and the ensuing Gulf War, Rida was composing songs that encouraged citizens to put down weapons and take up instruments—in essence, “Make music, not war,” hardly a popular message to the increasingly besieged Hussein regime. Rida’s musical life went on hold in 1993 when he graduated and was immediately drafted into the Iraqi Army to serve the obligatory eighteen months. The Army refused to discharge him at the end of his service, and Rida feared he would spend his life in the military and never realize his dream of becoming a singer. When his parents were detained and tortured by the authorities, Rida’s personal life became a nightmare, as he had to support ten brothers and sisters—a burden he still carries today. Rida set his sights on a nearly impossible ambition: to escape the tyranny of his Iraqi life.
During one attempt to leave the military, Rida was caught and jailed for 100 days. While in detention, he witnessed horrific acts of torture—experiences that haunt him to this day. Later, he was condemned have one of his ears cut off and to spend sixteen years in prison. In addition, Rida was to have a cross tattooed to his forehead, ensuring that he would never marry or obtain a job upon his release. Rida was transferred to a military camp where he was tortured and beaten for three days. On the fourth day, in the middle of the night, two men gagged him in his cell and threw him into the trunk of a car. They drove him hundreds of miles into the desert. The car stopped and when his blindfold was removed, Rida saw that his abductors were in fact his two brothers. They took him by his home to see his parents for just a few minutes. He was given a passport and told he had less than 24 hours to leave Iraq. 
In 1997 Rida could barely walk or talk and he set out for the Jordanian border with just a few clothes and his oud. At the border, hundreds of women, children, old men and women waited under a scorching sun. Rida thought his crossing might take days, but as luck would have it, within fifteen minutes the border officer called his name. The feeling Rida experienced as he crossed into Jordan is one he will never forget. Overwhelmed by a sense of freedom, he cried tears of joy. He had been given a new lease on life, and was now more determined than ever to succeed with his music. Rida soon found himself in Amman, and then the college town of Irbid, where he performed in restaurants and quickly became an attraction. An Emirati student who recognized Rida’s talent helped him obtain a visa to Dubai, and at last he began recording the songs that would make him a star. 
Rida began performing private concerts and weddings in Dubai, and his reputation grew rapidly. His first single “Meleh Wa Zad (Salt and Food)”—a daring reworking of a classic—became the top song in the Emirates for 1997. His next one “Hali (My Family)” was an original composition about a man who yearns to marry for love, against the advice of his family. From there, Rida recorded three albums for Rotana/EMI, Zalim (2000), Boadak Habiby (2003), and Enha Bzaman (2005). Boadak Habiby created a sensation with its crossover from classical singing into Arabic pop. Rida’s training and knowledge in the oldest and richest Arabic classical traditions gave him a distinct edge among even the most talented Middle Eastern pop singers. This album’s lyrics forged new ground for pop music as well, probing the dynamics of a troubled relationship. “Why do we fight?” Rida sang to a woman, “You are so sweet and lovely. Where does this anger come from? From outside, not from within you.” Rida’s romantic quandaries played as parables for political woes, as if to say to saying to the region’s people: You are peaceful by nature, so why this anger? Someone is doing this to you. 
To hear such wise, sensitive words from a man who had suffered the hell of war—and one who was charming, handsome and supremely talented as well—proved irresistible. Men wanted to be like him, and women wanted to be with him. Rida’s songs revolve around strong melodic hooks, often introduced right from the start of the song, an inversion of convention that further distinguished him among the region’s popular singers. 
In July 2009, Rida is releasing his fourth album, “Yom Wa Sana (A Year and a Day),” an ambitious set of fourteen songs he produced and recorded with his team. The product of four years work, this important album blends traditional Iraqi songs, Arabic and Western pop—everything from maqam to techno. It incorporates violins, oud, cello, flute, clarinet playing in an Arabic mode, also guitars, saxophones, Western and Arabic percussion, and even tabla, trap drums, and rhythmic loops. Among Rida’s original compositions is “La Tesafer (Don’t Go),” written for his mother who cried when he left Iraq in 1997, and died in his arms in Dubai a decade later. The album’s title song recalls a brief romance Rida had as a young man in Iraq. When they meet by chance a year later, they become inseparable, and Rida tells her that each time they are apart feels like another year. This message, that life is short and unpredictable and must be lived to the fullest, has profound meaning to all Iraqis. At the same time, it is universal, the sentiment of a man who has come through the worst life has to offer and carries the great traditions of his country forward into the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="18775030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775030" title="Osiny, Łowicz County">
Osiny, Łowicz County

Osiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775032" title="Sokołów-Kolonia">
Sokołów-Kolonia

Sokołów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kiernozia, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775034" title="Sokołów-Towarzystwo">
Sokołów-Towarzystwo

Sokołów-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775035" title="List of compositions for piano duo">
List of compositions for piano duo

This article lists compositions written for piano duo. The list includes works for piano four-hands and works for two pianos. Catalogue number and date of composition are also included. Ordering is by composer surname.
A list of notable performers who played and recorded these works is at List of classical piano duos (performers)
Piano four-hands.
Three Marches Militaires, D. 733, Op. 51

</doc>
<doc id="18775036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775036" title="Stępów">
Stępów

Stępów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kiernozia, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775038" title="Teresew">
Teresew

Teresew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775040" title="LCD classification">
LCD classification

There are various classifications of the electro-optical modes of liquid crystal displays (LCDs).
LCD operation in a nutshell.
The operation of TN, VA and IPS-LCDs can be summarized as follows:
Activation.
Liquid crystals can be aligned by both magnetic and electric fields. The strength of the required magnetic field is too high to be feasible for display applications.
One electro-optical effect with LCs requires a current through the LC-cell; all other practiced electro-optical effects only require an electric field (without current) for alignment of the LC.
Absorption Effects.
The state of polarization of the light traveling through the LC layer cannot be perceived by human observers, it must be converted into intensity (e.g. luminance) in order to become perceivable. This is achieved with absorption by dichroic dyes and dichroic polarizers.
Polymer Dispersed Liquid Crystals.
Liquid crystals with low molecular weight can be mixed with high molecular weight polymers, followed by phase-separation to form a kind of spongy matrix filled with LC droplets. An external electric field can align the LC to match its index with that of the polymer matrix, switching that cell from a milky (scattering) state to a clear transparent state. When dichroic dyes are dissolved in the LC an electric field can switch the PDLC from an absorbing state to a fairly transparent state.
When the amount of polymer is small compared to that of the LC there will be no separation of both components, but the polymer forms an anisotropic fiber-like network within the LC that stabilizes the state in which it has been formed. In such a way, certain physical properties (e.g. elasticities, viscosities, and thus threshold voltages and response times, respectively) can be controlled.
Bistable LCDs.
For some applications bistability of electro-optical effects is highly advantageous, since the optical response (visual information) is maintained even after removal of the electrical activation, thus saving battery charge. These effects are beneficial when the displayed visual information is changed only in extended intervals (e.g. electronic paper, electronic price tags, etc.).
Reduction of Variations with Viewing Direction in LCDs.
With the direction of light propagation in the LC layer also the state of polarization of the light changes, and, as a consequence, the intensity and the spectral distribution of transmitted light changes too. In order to reduce such unwanted variations to a minimum, two approaches are used in actual LC displays: multi-domain approaches and application of external birefringent layers (retarder sheets).

</doc>
<doc id="18775041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775041" title="Tydówka">
Tydówka

Tydówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775042" title="Abu Dhabi Sports Channel">
Abu Dhabi Sports Channel

__NOTOC__
Abu Dhabi Al Riyadiya () is an Arabic television station. It broadcasts from Abu Dhabi, capital of the United Arab Emirates and is owned by Abu Dhabi Media.
Channels.
Closed
Events.
Abu Dhabi Al Riyadiya has broadcasting rights to include:
Tennis
Golf
Multi Sport Games
Football 
American Football
Basketball 
Handball
Motorsport
Wrestling
Famous guests.
The channel hosted a number of premier league celebrities like :
Andrew Cole, Peter Reid, Lee Sharpe, Ron Atkinson, Hatem Trabelsi, Danny Mills, Dietmar Hamann, Steve Bruce, John Barnes...
Frequencies.
Abu Dhabi Sports has many frequencies on different satellites. Its pay channels are available in MENA on Nilesat (7.0W) and BADR 6 (26.0E). One of its Free-to-air channels is available on Hotbird (13.0E):
Revamp.
In October 2008, Abu Dhabi Al Riyadiya went online with a new identity, logo, and programs.

</doc>
<doc id="18775044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775044" title="Wiśniewo, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wiśniewo, Łódź Voivodeship

Wiśniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kiernozia, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775048" title="Witusza">
Witusza

Witusza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775049" title="Wola Stępowska">
Wola Stępowska

Wola Stępowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775050" title="Zamiary">
Zamiary

Zamiary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775051" title="Zeke Manners">
Zeke Manners

Leo "Zeke" Manners (October 10, 1911 - October 14, 2000) was an American country musician.
Biography.
Manners was born in San Francisco but raised in Los Angeles, where he attended Fairfax High School and learned to play fiddle, banjo, and piano. He played in a traveling revue for a time before joining several Western swing groups. In the 1930s he came to lead a group called The Beverly Hill Billies, who were a popular radio attraction long before the TV show of the same name became a hit. Manners's show, featuring himself on accordion and organ, mixed comedy with Western Swing and was broadcast on Los Angeles's KMPC as well as in New York City.
He covered "Mr. Ghost Goes to Town" which was written in 1936 by Will Hudson, Irving Mills and Mitchell Parish. The Five Jones Boys also performed the song.
The ensemble played for several years together before breaking up, after which Manners put together the group Zeke & the City Fellers. This band played on New York radio and did a tour of Europe shortly before the outbreak of World War II. In the 1940s he hosted his own One Man Variety Show, a comedy/musical routine, and in the 1950s he hosted music programs on Los Angeles's KFWB and New York's WINS.
Later in his career Manners did some stand-up comedy and ran his own mail order business. He did cameo roles in the films "Real Life" and "Lost in America", both of which starred his nephew Albert Brooks; he also appeared in the 1987 film "Barfly".
Manners was the author of over 100 songs, including "The Pennsylvania Polka" (best known as a hit by The Andrews Sisters), "Take My Wife, Please" (a hit for Henny Youngman), and "Los Angeles" (best known in its version by Les Paul). He worked frequently with Buddy Ebsen, who went on to become Jed Clampett on the "Beverly Hillbillies" show.

</doc>
<doc id="18775059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775059" title="Simeon Draper">
Simeon Draper

Simeon Draper (1804 West Springfield, then in Hampshire County, now in Hampden County, Massachusetts - November 6, 1866 Whitestone, Queens County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was a merchant's clerk in Boston, Massachusetts before coming to New York City where he settled as a merchant. He married a daughter of John Haggerty, and they had four children. 
Draper was a friend of Daniel Webster and William H. Seward and a member of the Whig Party. He began his political career in the 1840s when he was appointed a member of the Board of Ten Governors, then in charge of New York City charities. 
In the 1850s, he was Superintendent of Canal Repairs on the Cayuga and Seneca Canal.
He was one of the original Police Commissioners of the New York Metropolitan Police District, established on April 16, 1857, but resigned before the end of his one-year term.
He was Collector of the Port of New York from September 1864 to August 1865. 
William B. Draper was his brother.
He was a descendant of early Massachusetts settler James Draper.

</doc>
<doc id="18775068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775068" title="Boczki">
Boczki

Boczki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775071" title="Boczki, Łowicz County">
Boczki, Łowicz County

Boczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 347.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775073" title="Gągolin Północny">
Gągolin Północny

Gągolin Północny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775074" title="COMSTE">
COMSTE

The Congressional Commission on Science and Technology and Engineering (COMSTE) was created by a joint resolution of the 13th Congress to create, amend, or repeal laws and propose budgets that will make the Philippines competitive in science and technology.
Goals of the COMSTE.
COMSTE will review and assess the state of science, technology, and engineering in the Philippines, and will provide recommendations on harnessing these sectors to make the country more competitive. It will also undertake a thorough review of science education in public and private schools, particularly at the graduate level.
The Commission shall review and assess the formal educational system in both public and private schools at all levels, including graduate education. The Commission shall also review and assess the non-formal educational system. It shall produce a report of its findings and shall formulate short and long term policy and program recommendations to include each of the following areas: (i) Philosophy, goals and objectives of science and technology and engineering, (ii) Sectoral targets; (iii) Governance and management; (iv) Educational / manpower development programs; (v) Financing; (vi) Functional linkages among all departments and sectors concerned with science and technology and engineering R&D; and (vii) Educator’s training, benefits and retirement.
The report and the recommendation for both executive policy and legislative action will be drawn from the analysis by the Commission of the Philippine Science and Technology and Engineering research and development system, based on research of existing studies and other secondary sources of data, on extensive consultations with relevant stakeholders from both government and private sectors, and on interviews with key persons in the system.
Leadership of the Commission.
The COMSTE is currently chaired by Senator Edgardo Angara and co-chaired by Rep. Julio A. Ledesma IV from 1st District of Negros Occidental.
6 Panels of the COMSTE.
COMSTE works in six sectors: 
Agriculture and Food Panel.
Achieving competitiveness in Agriculture and Food has become imperative in the light of the Philippines development efforts. A significant part of the population is in the rural areas and they largely depend on agriculture, either for sustenance or for income. The agriculture sector is a major source of employment and labor. People who depend on agriculture often experience the worse levels of poverty. Any investment in agriculture and food will have significant and direct effects on economic development and poverty alleviation 
Electronics and Semiconductors Panel.
The country has received poor assessments of its public and private institutions (ranked 95th). The panel hopes to make this sector more competitive because it composes majority of its exports. With this goal, the panel is tackling issues such as the (1) declining standard of education, (2) electricity cost, (3) lack of university-industry interaction and, (4)taxes and incentives.
Energy and Environment Panel.
As one of the six COMSTE panels tasked to spearhead the development of global competitiveness in Research and Development and Science and Technology, the Energy and Environment panel is at the forefront of addressing current issues weighing on the country. Focusing on medium and long term solutions, the panel seeks to achieve a balanced system of providing clean, efficient and sustainable energy (a synthesis between existing fuel technologies and budding green technology) while also safeguarding diminishing natural resources.
Health Sciences Panel.
An important and unanimous premise in this country is that health is a right, not a privilege. However, the current state of health in the Philippines is dreadful. At this position, the probability of meeting the Millennium Development Goals by 2015 is low. These goals include preventing hunger and halving the proportion of underweight children under five years old, followed by reducing maternal mortality ratio by 75%. Considering these, a panel of experts were constituted to discuss and think of solutions on problems regarding (1) Policies Governing the Practice of Health Professions and Health Care Delivery, (2) Health Human Resource Development, (3) Health Research and Development, (4) Financing of Health Care, and (5) Health Service Delivery.
IT and IT Enabled Industries Panel.
The Philippines is one of the top 10 outsourcing and offshoring destinations in the world. The IT and IT-Enabled Industries Panel works to ensure the country’s competitive positioning vis-à-vis other locations by attracting investments and customers. The Panel’s experts believe that the IT industry must go up the value chain—attract higher-value projects, increase skills capacities, and undertake research and development. The government, too, must provide incentives to encourage this upward growth. These efforts, ultimately, work towards a culture and an environment, which prizes and rewards excellence.
Science, Math, and Engineering Education Panel.
The basic role of science, mathematics and engineering education in advancing national competitiveness is to provide the human resources and the new knowledge to continually improve the productivity and, hence, competitiveness of the nation’s firms. Any assessment of the SME education system should focus on how well it performs this role and on the reasons behind such level of performance.
Technical Advisory Council (TAC).
The Technical Advisory Council (TAC) is a consultative committee within the COMSTE that supervise the panels and review their reports. The members of the TAC also serve as Senior Advisers to the members of the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="18775077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775077" title="Gągolin Południowy">
Gągolin Południowy

Gągolin Południowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775080" title="Gągolin Zachodni">
Gągolin Zachodni

Gągolin Zachodni is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775085" title="Bryant and May Factory">
Bryant and May Factory

Bryant and May Factory may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775095" title="1964 Detroit Lions season">
1964 Detroit Lions season

The 1964 Detroit Lions season was the 35th season in franchise history. 

</doc>
<doc id="18775096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775096" title="Vista Chinesa">
Vista Chinesa

The Vista Chinesa ("Chinese Belvedere") is one of the belvederi of Rio de Janeiro, at the topmost of one of the roads that connect the Jardim Botânico area to the Parque Nacional & Floresta da Tijuca, known as the Vista Chinesa. 
Tijuca National Park.
Estrada da Vista Chinesa skirts the Mesa do Imperador viewpoint and at the Morro da Vista Chinesa (380m/1247ft) runs into Estrada Dona Castorina. From the top of the hill there are views of the Municipal Park, the botanical garden and a long stretch of the south coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18775097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775097" title="List of Amazon parrots">
List of Amazon parrots

The Amazon parrots are about 30 species of parrots that comprise the genus "Amazona". They are native to the New World, ranging from South America to Mexico and the Caribbean. Amazon parrots range in size from medium to large, and have relatively short, rather square tails. They are predominantly green, with accenting colors that are quite vivid in some species.
The taxonomy of the Yellow-crowned Amazon ("Amazona ochrocephala" complex) is disputed, with some authorities listing only a single species ("A. ochrocephala"), and others splitting it into as many as three species ("A. ochrocephala", "A. auropalliata" and "A. oratrix"). The Yellow-faced Parrot, "Alipiopsitta xanthops", was traditionally placed within the Amazon parrot genus, but recent research has shown that it is more closely related to the Short-tailed Parrot and species from the genus "Pionus"; as a result, it has been transferred to the monotypic genus "Alipiopsitta".
Two extinct species have been postulated, based on limited evidence. They are the †Martinique Amazon ("Amazona martinica") and the †Guadeloupe Amazon ("Amazona violacea"). Amazon parrots were described living on Guadeloupe by Jean-Baptiste Du Tertre in 1667 and by Jean-Baptiste Labat in 1742, and they were called "Psittacus violaceus" at that time. Labat also described Amazon parrots living on Martinique. There are no specimens or remains of either island population, so their taxonomy may never be fully elucidated. Their status as separate species is unproven and they are regarded as hypothetical extinct species.

</doc>
<doc id="18775101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775101" title="Jeziorko, Łowicz County">
Jeziorko, Łowicz County

Jeziorko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 273.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775104" title="Kocierzew Północny">
Kocierzew Północny

Kocierzew Północny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775106" title="Kocierzew Południowy">
Kocierzew Południowy

Kocierzew Południowy is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kocierzew Południowy. It lies approximately north-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 395.

</doc>
<doc id="18775107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775107" title="Upper Beckett Falls">
Upper Beckett Falls

Upper Beckett Falls is a 10 metre high ribbon cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Nearby attractions include the Bruce Trail, Dundas Valley Conservation Area, Iroquoia Heights Conservation Area, Chedoke Falls, Chedoke Radial Trail, Chedoke Civic Golf Course, Denlow Falls, Canadian Football Hall of Fame Museum, Copps Coliseum.
Directions.
Located 30 metres east of "Beckett Drive" about 100 metres up from the Bruce Trail crossing Beckett Drive. Just south of Lower Beckett Falls.
External links.
Maps.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775111" title="Konstantynów, Łowicz County">
Konstantynów, Łowicz County

Konstantynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775113" title="Łaguszew">
Łaguszew

Łaguszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775117" title="Lenartów">
Lenartów

Lenartów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775120" title="Murray Fraser">
Murray Fraser

Murray Fraser (1937 – March 12, 1997) was a Canadian academic and University president.
Born in Liverpool, Fraser was raised in Nova Scotia. He received undergraduate degrees in arts and law from Dalhousie University and a master's in law from the University of London in the United Kingdom. He was made a Queen's Counsel in Nova Scotia in 1979. He taught law at Queen's University, Dalhousie University, University of Victoria and University of Calgary. He was the founding dean of the University of Victoria Faculty of Law. He was later appointed vice-president, academic of the University of Victoria. From 1988 to 1996, he was the president and vice-chancellor of the University of Calgary.
He received honorary degrees from Dalhousie, the University of Victoria and the Memorial University of Newfoundland.
He died in 1997, of heart failure, at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="18775126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775126" title="Osiek, Łowicz County">
Osiek, Łowicz County

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kocierzew Południowy, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775134" title="Lynn Hilary">
Lynn Hilary

Lynn Hilary is an Irish singer, guitarist, and songwriter. She also has performed as a featured soprano soloist in the all-female ensemble Celtic Woman.
Career.
Hilary was born in Dublin, Ireland, and completed a Bachelor of Music performance degree in 2005 at the DIT College of Music. Initially singing classical music, she moved to Celtic music to be able to "use natural vocal range". Among the singers who influenced her, she counts Michael Jackson, Joni Mitchell, and Karen Carpenter.
Anúna.
Hilary joined the Irish choral group Anúna in 2000. She toured the United States, Morocco, the Netherlands, and Finland with the group, and she has sung with the choir and featured as a soloist on five of their albums: "Invocation" (2001), "Winter Songs" (2001), "Behind the Closed Eye" (2002), "Sensation" (2006) and "Illumination" (2012). She also performed the lead vocal of the piece "Cloudsong" from Riverdance at the Opening Ceremony of the 2003 Special Olympics in Croke Park, Dublin, and toured the U.S. with Riverdance in 2006 as a featured soloist. She released a solo album, "Take Me With You", in 2008.
Celtic Woman.
In 2007, longtime Celtic Woman member Méav Ní Mhaolchatha decided to leave the group in order to focus on her solo career. As a result, Hilary joined the group in time to feature in the "A New Journey" tour, which started on 10 October 2007 in Estero, FL. She was the first new full-time member to join the group since its inception in 2004.
Hilary has featured to date in ', ', ', and the Japanese release of '. She has only appeared in one PBS special/DVD, "" which was shot at Powerscourt House and Gardens in Summer 2009. She has also appeared in three tours, "A New Journey", "Isle of Hope", and "Songs from the Heart".
Following Celtic Woman's inaugural Australian Tour in November 2010, Hilary announced she would be leaving Celtic Woman in order to return to her home and life in Ireland. She was replaced by actress Lisa Lambe as part of the Celtic Woman lineup. On February 14, 2014 it was announced that Lynn would be returning to Celtic Woman for their Emerald tour in March while Lisa Lambe goes on a short 'leave of absence.' Lambe is expected to return in the summer and it is unknown at this point whether Lynn's return to Celtic Woman is temporary or permanent.
Post-Celtic Woman.
In September 2011, Hilary returned to music as a member of the Irish singing trio the Bluebelles, with two current Anuna members Nicola Lewis and Rebecca Winckworth. She continues to sing with Anúna, appearing with them on the soundtrack of Diablo III as a soloist and on the 2012 Anúna CD release "Illumination".
According to a trailer released in 2012, Hilary was to be a featured soloist in a new show entitled "The Roots of Ireland," but she has since returned to Riverdance. She was a member of a musical group called Babylon Sisters which featured Lisa Nolan, and fellow Anúna singer, Rebecca Winckworth. The group disbanded when Winckworth left to tour with Celtic Nights, and Hilary with Riverdance. Hilary will be releasing her first album since 2009, titled "Saturn Return" which is due later in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18775135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775135" title="Ostrowiec, Łódź Voivodeship">
Ostrowiec, Łódź Voivodeship

Ostrowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775140" title="Płaskocin">
Płaskocin

Płaskocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775141" title="Różyce">
Różyce

Różyce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775142" title="Różyce, Łowicz County">
Różyce, Łowicz County

Różyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kocierzew Południowy, north of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775143" title="PPAR agonist">
PPAR agonist

PPAR agonists are drugs which act upon the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor. They are used for the treatment of symptoms of the metabolic syndrome, mainly for lowering triglycerides and blood sugar.
Classification.
PPAR-alpha and PPAR-gamma are the molecular targets of a number of marketed drugs. The main classes of PPAR agonists are:
PPAR-alpha agonists.
PPARα (alpha) is the main target of fibrate drugs, a class of amphipathic carboxylic acids (clofibrate, gemfibrozil, ciprofibrate, bezafibrate, and fenofibrate). They were originally indicated for cholesterol disorders and more recently for disorders that feature high triglycerides. Many of them increase the risk of cancer to the point where they eliminate the survival benefit of reduced heart disease.
PPAR-gamma agonists.
PPARγ (gamma) is the main target of the drug class of thiazolidinediones (TZDs), used in diabetes mellitus and other diseases that feature insulin resistance. It is also mildly activated by certain NSAIDs (such as ibuprofen) and indoles. Known inhibitors include the experimental agent GW-9662.
They are also used in treating hyperlipidaemia in atherosclerosis. Here they act by increasing the expression of ABCA1, which transports extra-hepatic cholesterol into HDL. Increased uptake and excretion from the liver therefore follows.
They may cause fluid retention and heart failure in those with weak hearts.
PPAR-delta agonists.
PPARδ (delta) is the main target of a research chemical named GW501516. It has been shown that agonism of PPARδ changes the body's fuel preference from glucose to lipids, but ironically improves metabolic syndrome (which is characterized by the body being unable to efficiently deal with glucose resulting in insulin resistance and sometimes diabetes).
Dual and pan PPAR agonists.
A fourth class of dual PPAR agonists, so-called "glitazars", which bind to both the α and γ PPAR isoforms, are currently under active investigation for treatment of a larger subset of the symptoms of the metabolic syndrome. These include the experimental compounds aleglitazar, muraglitazar and tesaglitazar. In June 2013, saroglitazar was the first glitazar to be approved for clinical use.
In addition, there is continuing research and development of new dual α/δ and γ/δ PPAR agonists for additional therapeutic indications, as well as "pan" agonists acting on all three isoforms.

</doc>
<doc id="18775145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775145" title="Różyce-Żurawieniec">
Różyce-Żurawieniec

Różyce-Żurawieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775147" title="Sromów">
Sromów

Sromów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775152" title="Wejsce">
Wejsce

Wejsce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775155" title="Wicie">
Wicie

Wicie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775157" title="Wicie, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wicie, Łódź Voivodeship

Wicie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Kocierzew Południowy, north-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775170" title="Bocheń">
Bocheń

Bocheń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and northeast of the regional capital, Łódź.
The village has a population of 321.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775173" title="Dąbkowice Dolne">
Dąbkowice Dolne

Dąbkowice Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 309.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775175" title="Dąbkowice Górne">
Dąbkowice Górne

Dąbkowice Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 233.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775182" title="Guźnia">
Guźnia

Guźnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 175.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775185" title="Jamno">
Jamno

Jamno may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775190" title="Jamno, Łowicz County">
Jamno, Łowicz County

Jamno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 175.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775195" title="Jastrzębia, Łowicz County">
Jastrzębia, Łowicz County

Jastrzębia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 301.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775197" title="Klewków">
Klewków

Klewków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775204" title="Małszyce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Małszyce, Łódź Voivodeship

Małszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 269.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775207" title="Mystkowice">
Mystkowice

Mystkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775213" title="Niedźwiada, Łódź Voivodeship">
Niedźwiada, Łódź Voivodeship

Niedźwiada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775217" title="Ostrów, Łowicz County">
Ostrów, Łowicz County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775224" title="Otolice">
Otolice

Otolice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775226" title="Parma, Łódź Voivodeship">
Parma, Łódź Voivodeship

Parma is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775232" title="Pilaszków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Pilaszków, Łódź Voivodeship

Pilaszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775236" title="Placencja">
Placencja

Placencja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775241" title="Popów, Łowicz County">
Popów, Łowicz County

Popów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775244" title="Strzelcew">
Strzelcew

Strzelcew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775246" title="Świące">
Świące

Świące is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775248" title="Świeryż Drugi">
Świeryż Drugi

Świeryż Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775250" title="Świeryż Pierwszy">
Świeryż Pierwszy

Świeryż Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775251" title="Szczudłów">
Szczudłów

Szczudłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775254" title="Urbańszczyzna">
Urbańszczyzna

Urbańszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775257" title="Wygoda, Łowicz County">
Wygoda, Łowicz County

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775259" title="Zabostów Duży">
Zabostów Duży

Zabostów Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775260" title="Zabostów Mały">
Zabostów Mały

Zabostów Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775263" title="Zawady, Łowicz County">
Zawady, Łowicz County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775266" title="Zielkowice">
Zielkowice

Zielkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775268" title="Yuko Inoue">
Yuko Inoue

, is a Japanese classical violist. She studied violin at Kunitachi College of Music in Tokyo. In 1978, she went to study with violist Nobuko Imai at the Royal Northern College of Music in Manchester, England. She was First Prize Winner at the 17th International Music Competition Budapest – Viola Competition.
Inoue has served as principal violist for several orchestras, and has given recital and chamber music performances with such artists as Gidon Kremer and Jean-Jacques Kantorow.
She is a professor at the Royal Academy of Music and gives viola masterclasses throughout Europe and Japan.
Yuko Inoue plays a viola by Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume dated 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="18775269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775269" title="International Lunar Network">
International Lunar Network

The International Lunar Network or ILN is a proposed network of a series of landed stations of the United States and the other space-faring countries on the lunar surface in the 2010s. Each of these stations will act as a node in a lunar geophysical network. Ultimately this network could comprise 8-10 or more nodes operating simultaneously. In the ILN concept, each node will have a minimum of two core capabilities. These capabilities include seismic sensing, heat flow sensing, and laser retroreflectors, and will be specific to each station. Because some nodes are planned to be located on the far side of the Moon, NASA will study a lunar communications relay satellite capability as a part of its contribution to this project.
Individual nodes launched by different space agencies can and likely will carry additional, unique experiments to study local or global lunar science. Such experiments might include atmospheric and dust instruments, plasma physics investigations, astronomical instruments, electromagnetic profiling of lunar regolith and crust, local geochemistry, and in-situ resource utilization demonstrations.
On July 24, 2008 a meeting of the space agencies of Canada, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom, and the United States was held at NASA's Lunar Science Institute, located at the Ames Research Center. During the meeting, the representatives of the nine space agencies discussed about the cooperation on ILN and agreed on a statement of intent as a first step in planning. NASA’s Science Mission Directorate (SMD) and Exploration Systems Mission Directorate (ESMD) have agreed to provide two pairs of nodes (landed stations) for this network. The first two nodes were to be launched in 2013 and 2014, with the second pair being launched some time between 2016 and 2017. However, the new planning date for launch of the first node is March 01, 2018. The landers are being developed under the Lunar Precursor Robotic Program at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="18775277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775277" title="Bobiecko">
Bobiecko

Bobiecko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775280" title="Bobrowa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Bobrowa, Łódź Voivodeship

Bobrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775282" title="Czatolin">
Czatolin

Czatolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775283" title="Gzinka">
Gzinka

Gzinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
Massacre during Second World War.
During the German Invasion of Poland in 1939, German forces on 30 September murdered 11 people in the village. .
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775285" title="Kalenice, Poland">
Kalenice, Poland

Kalenice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775288" title="Kuczków, Łowicz County">
Kuczków, Łowicz County

Kuczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775291" title="Łagów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Łagów, Łódź Voivodeship

Łagów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775292" title="Mula River (Pakistan)">
Mula River (Pakistan)

Mula River is located in Balochistan, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18775294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775294" title="Łyszkowice">
Łyszkowice

Łyszkowice may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775296" title="Łyszkowice, Łowicz County">
Łyszkowice, Łowicz County

Łyszkowice is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łyszkowice. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,100.

</doc>
<doc id="18775298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775298" title="Łyszkowice-Kolonia">
Łyszkowice-Kolonia

Łyszkowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775300" title="Nowe Grudze">
Nowe Grudze

Nowe Grudze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775303" title="Polesie, Łowicz County">
Polesie, Łowicz County

Polesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łyszkowice, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775306" title="Seligów">
Seligów

Seligów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775308" title="Seroki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Seroki, Łódź Voivodeship

Seroki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775309" title="Stachlew">
Stachlew

Stachlew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,020.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775311" title="Stare Grudze">
Stare Grudze

Stare Grudze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775313" title="Trzcianka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Trzcianka, Łódź Voivodeship

Trzcianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łyszkowice, south of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775315" title="Uchań Dolny">
Uchań Dolny

Uchań Dolny ("Lower Uchań") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775319" title="Uchań Górny">
Uchań Górny

Uchań Górny ("Upper Uchań") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775321" title="Wrzeczko">
Wrzeczko

Wrzeczko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775322" title="Queens of Langkasuka">
Queens of Langkasuka

Queens of Langkasuka (, "Puen yai jom salad") is a 2008 Thai historical fantasy adventure film directed by Nonzee Nimibutr, and written by two-time S.E.A. Write Award winner Win Lyovarin.
Known as "Pirates Of Langkasuka" in the UK[http://www.lovefilm.com/film/Pirates-Of-Langkasuka/155477/] and as "Legend of the Tsunami Warrior" in the US.
Plot.
Queen Hijau (The Green Queen) of Pattani faces overthrow by the rebel Prince Rawai, who is allied with pirate captain Black Raven. The pirates attempt to capture some giant cannon invented by Dutchman Janis Bree and Chinese inventor Lim Kiam, but the Dutch ship carrying the cannon blows up and the cannons sink into the sea.
Meanwhile, an orphaned sea gypsy boy named Pari (meaning "stingray") is raised in a fishing village, which is constantly under attack by Black Raven's raiding parties. The boy, gifted in the magical art of Dulum, is taken by his uncle Anyar to learn more of the magical ways of the ocean from White Ray, but the sage refuses to teach the boy. Nonetheless, Pari is soon communicating with the marine life. He grows into manhood and becomes a fighter against Black Raven's pirates.
Black Raven, also a practitioner in the Dulum ocean magical arts, has been trying to raise the cannons from the depths of the sea.
Queen Hijau wants her own large cannons and seeks the inventor Lim Kiam, who has been living in the sea gypsy fishing village. She sends away her sisters, Princess Biru (The Blue Princess) and Princess Ungu (The Purple Princess). They will be under the protection of the queen's loyal commander, the fierce silat exponent Lord Yarang.
At the fishing village, Yarang comes under attack. Pari aids Yarang in fighting off the pirates, and Yarang makes his escape. In the confusion, Princess Ungu is believed to have been killed, but she has actually been rescued by Pari and taken to White Ray's remote island.
There, a romance develops between Ungu and Pari, but neither are able to commit. Ungu is due to marry the Prince of Pahang, an important ally of Langkasuka. And Pari is still tortured by the death of his childhood sweetheart Bintang at the hands of Black Raven's men.
In a cave on the island, Pari encounters Black Ray, an evil, unstable alter ego of White Ray, and Pari begins to learn more about Dulum and the conflict between the black and white sides of the practice.
Eventually, all the forces - the rebel prince, the pirates, the ocean sorcerers, the queen and the princesses - will battle for the big cannon.
Reception.
"Queens of Langkasuka", which went into production in 2005, was at first called "Queens of Pattani", but the name was changed to avoid political connections to the South Thailand insurgency and Pattani separatism, and to tie the story in with the legend of Langkasuka.
The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Market to mixed reviews. Derek Elley of "Variety" said the film lacked focus and at 133 minutes was too long. Maggie Lee of "The Hollywood Reporter" was more upbeat, praising the sumptuous costume design and action sequences, but also said the film was too long.
Based on the reception from the industry press, studio Sahamongkol Film International pushed for a shorter version of the film. The film's August 2008 release in Thai cinemas was postponed until October, with the director citing Thailand's unstable political atmosphere.
A boost of confidence was given though, when the film was scheduled for the Venice Film Festival, where it would play in a special out-of-competition midnight screening. "Queens of Langkasuka" was also the "gala opening" film for the 2008 Bangkok International Film Festival.
Derivative works.
The screenplay for "Queens of Langasuka" was adapted by Win Lyovarin into the novel "Bunga Pari" (), also released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18775324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775324" title="Zakulin">
Zakulin

Zakulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łyszkowice, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775332" title="Old Faithful Historic District">
Old Faithful Historic District

The Old Faithful Historic District in Yellowstone National Park comprises the built-up portion of the Upper Geyser Basin surrounding the Old Faithful Inn and Old Faithful Geyser. It includes the Old Faithful Inn, designed by Robert Reamer and itself a National Historic Landmark, the upper and lower Hamilton's Stores, the Old Faithful Lodge, designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood, the Old Faithful Snow Lodge, and a variety of supporting buildings. The Old Faithful Historic District itself lies on the 140-mile Grand Loop Road Historic District.
A notable missing portion of the district is the Old Faithful Museum of Thermal Activity, which formed part of the trailside museum group that includes the Madison Museum, Norris Museum and Fishing Bridge Museum, all listed as National Historic Landmarks. The Old Faithful Museum was torn down in 1971 to make way for the Mission 66 visitor center, which in turn has been replaced by the Old Faithful Visitor Education Center.
Buildings in the historic district.
The district is dominated by the Old Faithful Inn and consists of the Old Faithful Lodge, 3 stores, 2 service stations, 5 dormitories, 10 support buildings, and the guest cabins behind the Old Faithful Lodge and the Snow Lodge.
The first 11 buildings listed are of similar architectural style to the Old Faithful Inn and retain their architectural and historical integrity. The following 11 buildings: have historical significance as support buildings and they are compatible with the historic scene. The cabins have historical significance and do reflect the type of cabin construction in Yellowstone National Park. While the cabins in the Old Faithful Lodge still retain
some architectural integrity, the cabins behind the Snow Lodge have been altered considerably and have lost their architectural integrity.

</doc>
<doc id="18775334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775334" title="Arkadia, Łowicz County">
Arkadia, Łowicz County

Arkadia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 250. The village is famous for its "English Garden Park" set up by Helena Radziwiłł in 1779 with the designers Szymon Bogumil Zug and Henryk Ittar.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775339" title="Bednary-Kolonia">
Bednary-Kolonia

Bednary-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775340" title="Bednary-Wieś">
Bednary-Wieś

Bednary-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775343" title="Bełchów">
Bełchów

Bełchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 2,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775352" title="Joe Davis (artist)">
Joe Davis (artist)

Joe Davis (born 1951) is a research affiliate in the Department of Biology at MIT and in the George Church Laboratory at Harvard Medical School. His research and art includes work in the fields of molecular biology, bioinformatics, "space art", and sculpture, using media including but not limited to centrifuges, radios, prosthetics, magnetic fields, and genetic material. Davis' teaching positions have been at MIT and the Rhode Island School of Design (RISD).
Davis' works include the sculpture "Earth Sphere", a landmark fog fountain at Kendall Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts, near the MIT campus; "RuBisCo Stars", a transmission of a message to nearby stars from the Arecibo Observatory radiotelescope in Puerto Rico, carried out in November 2009; "New Age Ruby Falls", a project to create an artificial aurora using a 100,000 watt electron beam fired into the magnetosphere from a NASA space shuttle, which has not yet been carried out, and "Microvenus", a piece of symbolic art involving engineering the genetic code of a microbe.
Significance.
Davis' work has been featured in articles in "Scientific American", "Nature" magazine, and several books. He is frequently invited to speak at universities, labs, and art institutes. Joe Davis's life was further detailed in a feature-length documentary about Davis entitled "Heaven and Earth and Joe Davis". Davis has had many media appearances including two spots on the Colbert Report. In 2001, the "Washington Post" termed Davis the "éminence grise of the 'bioart' movement", saying further, "Davis eschews the art versus science argument, insisting that he speaks both languages and could not possibly tear the two disciplines apart in his own mind".
His work has further significance in documenting and critiquing early attempts at steganographic encoding of culturally important messages and images for future generations or extraterrestrial cultures. Additionally, Davis has contributed to projects associated with the DIYbio movement of 2008. He has said that he does not wish to create green rabbits or purple dogs, but rather to manipulate the reams of silent, "junk" DNA that comprise more than ninety percent of an organism's genetic code.

</doc>
<doc id="18775369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775369" title="Tim Hosley">
Tim Hosley

Timothy Kenneth Hosley (May 10, 1947 – January 21, 2014) was an American professional baseball catcher who played parts of nine seasons in Major League Baseball between 1970 and 1981. He played for the 1973 and World Series champion Oakland Athletics, though he was never on a postseason roster.
Hosley was originally signed by the Detroit Tigers in , and made it to the majors with them for the first time in . He played in just 14 games for them over two seasons before being sold to the A's prior to the 1973 season. Again, though, Hosley's major league time was minimal, playing in 24 games over two seasons during the A's 1973 and '74 World Championship seasons. The A's were deep in catching during those seasons, often playing Gene Tenace at first base.
After the 1974 season, Hosley was removed from the A's major league roster, and he was selected by the Chicago Cubs in the Rule 5 Draft. This led to Hosley's best showing in the majors in , when he batted .255 with 6 home runs in 62 games while splitting time behind the plate with Steve Swisher and George Mitterwald. Despite these hitting numbers, which were good for a catcher at the time, he was placed on waivers by the Cubs just a few games into the season, and he was claimed by Oakland.
His return to the A's was somewhat more successful than his first stay from the standpoint of playing time, but his batting numbers declined sharply, as he only hit for a .199 batting average over 79 games between 1976 and . He remained in the A's farm system until , when he was released on August 27 after one final stint at the major league level, during which he went just 2-for-21.
In , Tim Hosley played one more professional season for the Fort Myers Sun Sox of the Senior Professional Baseball Association.

</doc>
<doc id="18775372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775372" title="Bobrowniki, Łowicz County">
Bobrowniki, Łowicz County

Bobrowniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nieborów, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775375" title="Chyleniec">
Chyleniec

Chyleniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nieborów, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775379" title="Peace@Pieces">
Peace@Pieces

Development.
"Peace@Pieces" was the tenth project developed by Unisonshift, and is developed as an adult game much like previous titles such as "Innocent Eye's". Planning for the game was headed by @Pieces. Art direction and character designs were provided by Noizi Ito, known for her work on "Shakugan no Shana", the "Haruhi Suzumiya" franchise, and the later "Nanatsuiro Drops". The scenario was provided solely by Tamaki Ichikawa. Music in the game was solely composed by Ryō Mizutsuki, known for her later contributions on BaseSon's "Koihime Musō", and Key Sounds Label's "Piano no Mori".
Release history.
"Peace@Pieces" was first introduced to the public on December 23, 2004, as a DVD-ROM playable on only a Microsoft Windows PC, and was subsequently followed by a fan disc, titled "One More@Pieces", released on August 9, 2005. It was later followed by a second release, titled "Peace@Pieces + One More@Pieces Special Memorial Edition", released on November 22, 2007, containing the game itself and the fan disc.

</doc>
<doc id="18775380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775380" title="Dzierzgów, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dzierzgów, Łódź Voivodeship

Dzierzgów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nieborów, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775385" title="Dzierzgówek, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dzierzgówek, Łódź Voivodeship

Dzierzgówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nieborów, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775387" title="Janowice, Łowicz County">
Janowice, Łowicz County

Janowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nieborów, east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18775389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775389" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Díli">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Díli

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Díli () is a diocese located in the city of Díli in Timor-Leste.
The country’s only Major Seminary, the Seminary of SS Peter and Paul is located within the Diocese.
In 1983 Bishop Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo S.D.B. took over the administration of Dili Diocese, then the only diocese in the island, the 700,000 Catholics were divided into 30 parishes administered by 71 priests.
Leadership.
Bishops of Díli (Roman rite)

</doc>
<doc id="18775396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775396" title="Julianów, Łowicz County">
Julianów, Łowicz County

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nieborów, east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775400" title="Karolew, Łowicz County">
Karolew, Łowicz County

Karolew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nieborów, east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775402" title="Kompina">
Kompina

Kompina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 410.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775406" title="Michałówek">
Michałówek

Michałówek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775407" title="Anthrasimias">
Anthrasimias

Anthrasimias gujaratensis was a species of primate first found in Gujarat, India in 2008. Anthrasimias is believed to have lived about 55 million years ago, during the early Eocene. It weighed around 75 grams which would make it only slightly larger than the world's smallest primates, the mouse lemurs and the dwarf galagos.
"Anthrasimias" is the oldest known member of its family; the next oldest, "Eosimias", lived about 45 million years ago in China.
The generic name, "Anthrasimias", refers to "anthra", Greek for coal, because the fossils were found in a coal mine and "simias", Latin for monkey or ape.

</doc>
<doc id="18775411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775411" title="Michałówek, Łowicz County">
Michałówek, Łowicz County

Michałówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nieborów, south-east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775414" title="Mysłaków, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mysłaków, Łódź Voivodeship

Mysłaków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,040.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775416" title="Aquincum Mithraeum (of Victorinus)">
Aquincum Mithraeum (of Victorinus)

The Aquincum Mithraeum (of Victorinus) is a temple to the Roman god Mithras near Budapest in Hungary. The temple (known as a mithraeum) was built within a townhouse in the Roman city of Aquincum, on the outskirts of the modern city of Budapest, Hungary.
The mithraeum..
The temple was discovered during excavations in 1888 within what appeared to be a large house near to the centre of the Roman city. Due to the size of the house and the importance of its location it must have belonged to an important individual and this must certainly be the decurion Marcus Antonius Victorinus who dedicated a number of small altars within the sanctuary.
The shrine was orientated north to south and measured 7m wide by 15.03m long. The interior was divided up into three parts- two ante rooms and the sanctuary proper. The front room (Room A: 4.75 x 2.90m) is postulated by the excavators as a Shrine of Mercury. A room (Room B: 0.85x2.90m) was located on the west side and is of uncertain purpose. The middle room (Room C: 5.90x3m) probably served as a narthex. The main part of the shrine was divided into three lateral parts, typical of all mithraea. A central nave about 2.18m wide and 1 meter below ground level was flanked on either side by podium benches for the initiates to recline on during the ceremonies (see Mithraic worship). Steps lead down to the lower floor level of the nave directly from the entrance and the higher benches were accessed by single steps on either side of the bottom nave step. Along the front of the benches, and slightly recessed into them, were placed a pair of small altars (H 0.65 Br. 0.30m) all dedicated by Marcus Antoninus Victorinus.
Sculptural and epigraphic evidence..
"To Cautes" (see Cautes and Cautopates). "Marcus Antonius Victorinus, Decurion of the colony of Aquincum. Aedile."
"To the lasting spring. Marcus Antonius Victorinus, Decurion of the colony of Aquincum. Aedile."
The mithraeum today.
The shrine is fully accessible within the Aquincum Archaeological Park, just south of the Aquincum Museum building. The remains have been heavily restored and consolidated for display.
The tauroctony fragment and the altar are located in the eastern wing of the Lapidarium situated at the northern edge of the Archaeological Park. The Victorinus altars are the originals "in situ".

</doc>
<doc id="18775418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775418" title="Solo Guitar (Alan Sparhawk album)">
Solo Guitar (Alan Sparhawk album)

Solo Guitar is the 2006 album by Low frontman Alan Sparhawk. Always staying true to its name, the album features several musical vignettes, the sounds of which attempt to recreate the situations described in their titles, for instance, "How The Weather Comes Over The Central Hillside". The album is almost entirely made up of avant-garde and ambient soundscapes, rarely venturing into melodic music.

</doc>
<doc id="18775419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775419" title="Nieborów">
Nieborów

Nieborów is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nieborów. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 900 and is famous for the Arkadia park situated nearby and the Nieborów Palace and park. The palace is a former home of the Radziwill family.

</doc>
<doc id="18775423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775423" title="National Cleavage Day">
National Cleavage Day

National Cleavage Day (abbreviated NCD) is an annual celebration held in either March or April in South Africa, sponsored by the brassiere marketer Wonderbra. National Cleavage Day was started in 2002 and held at the beginning of April every year. Wonderbra together with the "Cosmopolitan" magazine and 5fm, a SABC radio station mainly based in Johannesburg, sponsor the observation.
Purpose.
Anita Meiring, public relations consultant for Wonderbra, described the event: "It is a day for women to realise that their cleavage is something unique and that they should be proud of it." "It gives women a chance to be beautiful and glow in the furtive, yet appreciative, glances their cleavage evokes from men". She also explained, "It gives men a legitimate reason to stare at boobs."
Samantha Paterson, a brand manager for Wonderbra, said that National Cleavage Day was started as a way to solemnise women's independence and power in all facets of life, from their careers to their relationships to their own destiny. Paterson said the day is intended to be lighthearted amusement and that the revenue will be donated to the Sunflower Fund. The fund is a non-governmental and non-profit organisation based in Cape Town with a stated aim to help South African citizens diagnosed with leukaemia and other life-threatening blood diseases.
Locations.
National Cleavage Day is celebrated at office premises, restaurants and bars throughout the nation. Most people polled on the streets during the celebrations in 2002 expressed positive view on this event. During the occasion of the National Cleavage Day in 2002, twenty local girls in Johannesburg and another twenty girls in Cape Town were called in for the purpose of distributing stickers and G-strings to selected female drivers. The celebration of the NCD in 2006 started early in the morning of 7 April when women showing their cleavages in Edgars, Foschini and Truworths at La Lucia Mall, Gateway Shopping Centre and the Pavilion handed out "Cosmopolitan" magazines free of cost to customers. A competition was organised at the Cafe Vacca Matta called the "Best Cleavage." Thousands of women in the province of KwaZulu-Natal displayed their cleavages in support of this event. Local manufacturers and retailers of undergarments have joined in support of the celebration of the NCD and it marks some new industry shifts.
After the celebration in 2007, Paterson said, "We will be donating money for every bra that gets sold in March. We will donate money to the Sunflower fund. We are having big parties, we have special National Cleavage Day cocktails that have been created and for every cocktail bought R2 will be donated to the sunflower fund."
In April 2009, references to National Cleavage Day were so popular on Twitter that the term "National Cleavage" was briefly number one on the website's top ten trend list.
International Cleavage Day is celebrated worldwide yearly on March 31 on social media outlets such as Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr.
Criticism.
Dr. Siqwana-Ndulo, provincial gender commissioner in Eastern Cape, condemned the celebrations, warning women not to be involved in the National Cleavage Day. Siqwana-Ndulo said "This is a pure marketing tool using people's bodies." She added, "The commission is against any person or advertising company, which uses people's bodies for marketing purposes be it advertising a car or anything of that sort."
A paper published by the Gender Links depicted an image of two women showing their cleavages during the occasion of the NCD on 5 April 2003, with a caption "These two bosom buddies were all part of the fun in yesterday’s National Cleavage Day, where a number of stunning beauties, their natural assets enhanced by Wonderbra, brought traffic to a standstill in many parts of Joburg." The paper argued globalisation of the media enforces "globalised norms" of gender and lowest single common denominator in "global" images of gender is "sex sells" which builds and reinforces stereotypes and bias—both male and female. Vanessa Raphaely, editor of the "Cosmopolitan", argued the NCD is not intended to objectify women, but to celebrate in a funny manner.
Song
This song has been the cleavage anthem produced by East24stproductions called "Let me see your Boobies"
External links.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3RCMZqZ5uE The hit Cleavage Song called Let me see your Boobies

</doc>
<doc id="18775428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775428" title="Patoki, Łowicz County">
Patoki, Łowicz County

Patoki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nieborów, east of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775430" title="Piaski, Łowicz County">
Piaski, Łowicz County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 300.

</doc>
<doc id="18775434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775434" title="Sypień">
Sypień

Sypień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775438" title="Zygmuntów">
Zygmuntów

Zygmuntów may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775441" title="Sergliflozin etabonate">
Sergliflozin etabonate

Sergliflozin etabonate (INN/USAN, codenamed GW869682X) is an investigational anti-diabetic drug being developed by GlaxoSmithKline. It did not undergo further development after phase II.
Method of action.
Sergliflozin inhibits subtype 2 of the sodium-glucose transport proteins (SGLT2), which is responsible for at least 90% of the glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Blocking this transporter causes blood glucose to be eliminated through the urine.

</doc>
<doc id="18775442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775442" title="Zygmuntów, Łowicz County">
Zygmuntów, Łowicz County

Zygmuntów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775445" title="ZFKS-FM">
ZFKS-FM

96.5 CayRock (96.5 FM) is an international rock radio station in the Cayman Islands in the British West Indies. The station is owned by dms Broadcasting, an affiliate of dms Organization. CayRock broadcasts twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, year-round to a diverse community of over 50 nationalities.
The station maintains studio operations in George Town, Grand Cayman. The broadcast is also simultaneously streamed live on the internet via the station's website.
The beginning.
The station belongs to the parent company, dms Broadcasting, who were granted a license to broadcast on three stations in Grand Cayman by the ICTA on July 15, 2004. On January 12, 2005, the Cayman Islands Government announced the station had negotiated a deal with dms Broadcasting to allow broadcasting of all three stations from a government owned tower, thus eliminating the need to erect a new tower.
Hurricane Ivan delivered a small setback to the operation when it hit the Island on September 11, 2004. After debris were cleaned up and removed, work continued on the station.
In June 2006, dms Broadcasting acquired the variety hits station Style 96.5 and on July 1, 2006 flipped the format to rock music, launching 96.5 CayRock with 10,000 songs in a row and awarding a large cash prize when the 10,000th song was played.
Programming.
96.5 CayRock,"Cayman's Rock Station", plays 'All Things Rock!' - the best of rock music from all over the globe, including the popular hits of today and the classics of yesterday. Cayrock's core artists include: Foo Fighters, Led Zeppelin, Green Day, Aerosmith, Collective Soul, Guns N' Roses, AC/DC, Metallica, Pearl Jam, Nickelback, The Rolling Stones, The Tragically Hip, Powderfinger, and U2.
Notable weekday programming includes 'Talk Live @ 96-5' weekday mornings, Wendy Walker Mid-Days, Brad West afternoons and "Pirate Radio" - the louder side of Cayrock - hosted by 'The Pirate' at night.
Notable weekend programming includes "Projekt 9-6-5" with Corey Rotic on Saturday nights.
The station's program Director is Brad Bregani, while the Promotions director is J.R. Carter.
The station also features live broadcasts at nightclubs, businesses, and charity events throughout Grand Cayman.

</doc>
<doc id="18775453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775453" title="Bąków Dolny">
Bąków Dolny

Bąków Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775454" title="Bąków Górny">
Bąków Górny

Bąków Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775455" title="Remogliflozin etabonate">
Remogliflozin etabonate

Remogliflozin etabonate (INN/USAN) is a proposed drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes being investigated by GlaxoSmithKline. Remogliflozin is now being developed by BHV Pharma.
Method of action.
Remogliflozin inhibits the sodium-glucose transport proteins, which are responsible for glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Blocking this transporter causes blood glucose to be eliminated through the urine.

</doc>
<doc id="18775460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775460" title="Bogoria Dolna">
Bogoria Dolna

Bogoria Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775463" title="Bogoria Górna">
Bogoria Górna

Bogoria Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775466" title="Bogoria Pofolwarczna">
Bogoria Pofolwarczna

Bogoria Pofolwarczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775469" title="Dąbrowa, Łowicz County">
Dąbrowa, Łowicz County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775471" title="Jackowice">
Jackowice

Jackowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 520.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775477" title="Łaźniki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Łaźniki, Łódź Voivodeship

Łaźniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775478" title="Maurzyce">
Maurzyce

Maurzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 214. It is the location of the eponymous Maurzyce Bridge, the first welded road bridge in the world.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775480" title="Nowy Złaków">
Nowy Złaków

Nowy Złaków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775482" title="Pólka">
Pólka

Pólka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775487" title="Pólka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Pólka, Łódź Voivodeship

Pólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775491" title="Retki">
Retki

Retki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775493" title="Rząśno">
Rząśno

Rząśno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775496" title="Strugienice">
Strugienice

Strugienice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 490.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775501" title="Szymanowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Szymanowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Szymanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775503" title="Urzecze">
Urzecze

Urzecze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775507" title="Wierznowice">
Wierznowice

Wierznowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zduny, west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775510" title="Wiskienica Dolna">
Wiskienica Dolna

Wiskienica Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775511" title="Daniel Fleeman">
Daniel Fleeman

Daniel Fleeman (born 3 October 1982) is a former English racing cyclist who rode as a professional between 2007 and 2011. In 2009 he was a member of the . He won the Tour des Pyrenées in 2008 with An Post-Sean Kelly. He retired after the 2011 season.
Since retiring from road racing Fleeman competes as an Elite mountain bike rider in the national XC series.

</doc>
<doc id="18775514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775514" title="Wiskienica Górna">
Wiskienica Górna

Wiskienica Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775519" title="SS James Eagan Layne">
SS James Eagan Layne

SS "James Eagan Layne" was a liberty ship. She was beached and sunk during the Second World War off Whitsand Bay, Cornwall, United Kingdom.
History.
Voyages and sinking.
She was built by the Delta Shipbuilding Corporation, New Orleans, Louisiana in 1944 and was operated by the US Navigation Company, of New York. She was named after the second engineer of the "Esso Baton Rouge", who was killed when "Esso Baton Rouge" was sunk by Reinhard Hardegen's "U-123" on 8 April 1942.
The final voyage of the "James Eagan Layne" was in convoy BTC-103 to carry 4,500 tons of US Army Engineers' equipment from Barry, Wales, to Ghent, in Belgium. She also carried motorboats and lumber as deck cargo. She was sighted on 21 March 1945, sailing 12 miles off Plymouth by "U-399" and torpedoed on the starboard side between holds #4 and #5. She was badly damaged, but was taken in tow by tugs "Flaunt" and "Atlas". She was beached in Whitsand Bay Cornwall, but subsequently settled on the bottom and was declared a total loss. There were no casualties amongst her crew of 69.
As a wreck.
Some salvage was done at the time of her loss before the forward holds flooded and much of the cargo in the stern section was salvaged by an Icelandic firm in 1953 with further salvage work completed in 1967.
The wreck has been a popular dive site for many years. "James Eagan Layne" is situated east of the wreck of HMS "Scylla" - in 22m of water with her bows at . In June 2011, three divers got into difficulty on the wreck, resulting in one death.
March 2015 is the 70th anniversary of the sinking of the "James Eagan Layne". To celebrate this anniversary, the Liberty 70 Project was started with the aim of researching and documenting all aspects of the life of this vessel - wartime transport, shipwreck, commercial salvage, the classic UK wreck dive and artificial reef.

</doc>
<doc id="18775523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775523" title="Zalesie, Łowicz County">
Zalesie, Łowicz County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775524" title="Zduny, Łowicz County">
Zduny, Łowicz County

Zduny is a village in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zduny. It lies approximately north-west of Łowicz and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 693.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775527" title="Złaków Borowy">
Złaków Borowy

Złaków Borowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zduny, north-west of Łowicz, and north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 548.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775530" title="Złaków Kościelny">
Złaków Kościelny

Złaków Kościelny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775534" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Baucau">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Baucau

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Baucau () is a diocese located in the city of Baucau in Timor-Leste.
Leadership.
Bishops of Baucau (Roman rite)
Current Events.
Bishop Basilio do Nascimento launched Radio Fini Lorosae (eastern future radio), the new radio station set up by Baucau diocese, on March 20, 2006 following a Mass held at St. Anthony Cathedral to mark the diocese's ninth anniversary. The station office is located just 100 meters from the cathedral. Baucau Vicar General Father Francisco da Silva and Father Jose Antonio, the cathedral parish priest, concelebrated the anniversary Mass.
On May 19, 2007 President, Alexander Xanana Gusmão awarded the Dom Martinho da Costa Lopes Medal to Father Mario do Carmo Lemos Belo, former vicar general of the Baucau diocese and several deceased Catholic clergy and Religious in recognition of their contributions to the liberation of the country.
In 2009 the government gave US$1.5 million to two dioceses in East Timor — Dili and Baucau, which they are to receive annually “to run social programs for people”. Poverty remains a massive problem since independence in 2002, with about half of the 1 million population unemployed and 45 per cent living on less than US$1 a day.

</doc>
<doc id="18775551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775551" title="Andrespol">
Andrespol

Andrespol is a village in Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Andrespol. It lies approximately south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 3,367.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775555" title="Bedoń Przykościelny">
Bedoń Przykościelny

Bedoń Przykościelny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,289.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775556" title="Bedoń-Wieś">
Bedoń-Wieś

Bedoń-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Andrespol and east of the regional capital Łódź, and it is known for its rich history of wine making.
The village has a population of 346.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775560" title="Janówka, Łódź East County">
Janówka, Łódź East County

Janówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Andrespol and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 665.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775561" title="Justynów">
Justynów

Justynów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775563" title="Justynów, Łódź East County">
Justynów, Łódź East County

Justynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775566" title="Somatrem">
Somatrem

Somatrem is an analogue of growth hormone.

</doc>
<doc id="18775571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775571" title="Kraszew, Łódź East County">
Kraszew, Łódź East County

Kraszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 425.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775574" title="Nowy Bedoń">
Nowy Bedoń

Nowy Bedoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 439.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775580" title="Stróża, Łódź East County">
Stróża, Łódź East County

Stróża is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 548.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775581" title="Rielle Hunter">
Rielle Hunter

Rielle Hunter (born Lisa Jo Druck on March 20, 1964, also known as Lisa Hunter, Lisa Jo Hunter, and Rielle Jaya James Druck) is an American actress and film producer. She is known for having had an affair with and conceiving a child with 2004 Democratic Party vice-presidential nominee John Edwards. She is said to be the basis of a character in a Jay McInerney novel and she was an early adopter of YouTube as a means of distributing political viral marketing. Her father was implicated in a horse insurance fraud scandal, which involved the intentional killing of her horse when she was a teenager.
Family and early life.
Hunter was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Her parents, James Druck (1934–1990) and Gwen Druck, owned Eagle Nest Farm in Ocala, Florida, where they raised show horses. They had four daughters. James Druck was a wealthy lawyer, who specialized in defending insurance companies.
Hunter went to St. John Lutheran School and
North Marion High School in Ocala. After high school, Hunter attended the University of Tampa, but she transferred after two years to the University of Florida. In her junior year she withdrew from University of Florida to move to New York City to pursue an acting career.
Horse killings and Henry the Hawk.
According to ABC News, Lisa Druck was "a prize-winning equestrian when her father was implicated" in the "horse murders" scandal, "an ugly plot to electrocute horses for insurance money". The convicted criminal and FBI informant Tommy "The Sandman" Burns stated that James Druck was involved in the 1982 insurance fraud death of Lisa's show jumper Henry the Hawk. Gwen and James Druck divorced that same year; Lisa was 17 years old at the time. James Druck was never charged, and he died of cancer in New York City in 1990.
Literary inspiration.
"Brat Pack" novelist Jay McInerney said that his former girlfriend, Hunter, is the basis for the lead character Alison Poole in the 1988 novel "Story of My Life". McInerney described their relationship and Hunter's role as the inspiration for the character in an interview in 2005. McInerney also said that he chose to write about her and her friends because he was both "intrigued and appalled" by their behavior.
McInerney's friend and fellow Brat Pack author Bret Easton Ellis also includes the character Alison Poole in two of his novels, "Glamorama" and "American Psycho".
There was open speculation that "Story of My Life" was a "roman à clef" novel when it first appeared; to "New York Magazine"'s questions "Is it real? Did it happen?" McInerney replied, "I'm anticipating some of that kind of speculation, but I'm utterly confident of not having any lawsuits on my hands. The book is a fully imagined work of fiction. On the other hand, it's not to say that I didn't make use of … That's why I live in New York. Mine is not an autonomous imagination."
In 2008, McInerney incorporated the John Edwards affair into the Allison Poole follow-up story "Penelope on the Pond" in his collections "The Last Bachelor" and "How It Ended".
Marriage and name change.
Lisa Druck married attorney Alexander M. "Kip" Hunter III (born April 14, 1959) in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, on August 3, 1991, and they moved from New York to establish a new home in Beverly Hills, California. She changed her name to Rielle Hunter in 1994.
Rielle Hunter filed for divorce in October 1999, which was finalized September 1, 2000.
Acting, film, and video career.
During the 1980s and 1990s, as Lisa Hunter and Lisa Jo Hunter, she appeared in several films, including "Ricochet" (1991) in which she portrayed a reporter.
According to "People", during this same period, while she was married to Alexander Hunter, her husband "financed the production of a play for her — a coming-of-age story about a group of tough 30-something New Yorkers [...] titled "Savage in Limbo"," which co-starred Elizabeth Dennehy.
In 2000, as Rielle Hunter, she wrote, acted in, and produced a comedy short called "Billy Bob and Them", which starred Wolfgang Bodison. At that time her production company was called R Hunter Films.
In 2002, Hunter appeared as a contestant on the GSN series "Lingo" (episode #1061, hosted by Chuck Woolery), on which she and her partner together won $500.
Midline Groove Productions.
In 2006, Hunter pitched the idea of a series of short informal campaign videos to Democrat John Edwards when she met him at a bar in New York City, where he was attending a business meeting. The Edwards campaign soon hired her to produce a series of promotional videos portraying behind-the-scenes life on the campaign trail and Hunter filmed and produced four of these short videos for the 2008 presidential campaign of John Edwards.
In July 2006, Hunter formed the production company Midline Groove Productions LLC with her partner Mimi Godfrey Hockman. This company, which was based in South Orange, New Jersey, produced campaign promotional videos for John Edwards. The series of ads, "Inspiring Politics: A Webisode Series Following John Edwards," was broadcast on the worldwide web rather than through conventional television. According to the Associated Press, Edwards' One America Committee paid Midline Groove Productions $100,000 on July 6, 2006, five days after Hunter incorporated the firm in Delaware. The committee later made two subsequent payments totaling $14,461, the final one on April 1, 2007. In all, Midline Groove filmed and produced four of these short videos; the shortest was 2½ minutes long.
Hunter's videos were uploaded to YouTube. Recognition of the innovative nature of the series was given by "BusinessWeek" magazine, which included one of the episodes in a 2006 feature on new developments in Web video. Catherine Holoran, writing for the magazine, noted that the Hunter videos had effectively announced the presidential candidacy of Edwards ten days before he released the information to the mainstream media. Holoran stated that Hunter's series marked a "tipping point" in the history of web video which "sent the message that online video [... is ...] a serious medium, ready to contend with traditional media for audiences and ad dollars." In 2008, Maria Russo, the reviewer of websites for the "Los Angeles Times", also mentioned that Hunter had been among the earliest adopters of YouTube for viral marketing purposes, and was the first filmmaker who exploited that venue for political campaign marketing.
Involvement with John Edwards.
In October 2007, "The National Enquirer", a US tabloid, cited claims by an anonymous source that Edwards had engaged in an extramarital affair with Hunter during Edwards's 2008 presidential campaign and that Hunter was pregnant. After a report by the "National Enquirer" on December 19, 2007, Hunter announced she was pregnant with the child of Andrew Young, a married man who is a former staffer for John Edwards' presidential campaign. Young, his wife Cheri, and their young children were living outside of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, at the time in the same "Governor's Club" complex where Hunter was renting. Soon afterward, the Youngs and Hunter moved to California.
Hunter became pregnant with Edwards' child in May 2007; she later said she found out she was pregnant only in July. She gave birth to her daughter on February 27, 2008, in Santa Barbara, California, but did not list the child's father's name on the birth certificate. She gave her own name as "Rielle Jaya James Druck" on her daughter's birth certificate, but gave the child the surname "Hunter".
In July 2008, "The National Enquirer" said Edwards was the father of Hunter's child.
On August 8, Edwards admitted the affair, but denied that he was the father of Hunter's child and stated that he was willing to take a paternity test. "The Washington Post" reported that Robert Gordon (Hunter's attorney) stated that she had refused to allow a DNA test to establish paternity "now or in the future." However, Hunter's sister publicly asked Edwards to take a paternity test to determine whether the child was his.
On August 12, 2008, Hunter's friend Pigeon O'Brien told CBS News that Edwards had lied about the timeline of the affair. She said the affair began in February 2006, six months before Edwards hired Hunter, and said the affair was not a brief liaison, but rather was allegedly characterized by Edwards to Hunter as a committed relationship. On August 13, 2008, Hunter's sister, Roxanne Druck Marshall, personally apologized to John Edwards's wife Elizabeth for her sister's behavior. She said Edwards had lied in his confession because, she said, the affair had been ongoing.
On January 21, 2010, Edwards admitted publicly that he is the father of Hunter's daughter Quinn.
On June 26, 2012 Hunter's book, "What Really Happened: John Edwards, Our Daughter and Me", was released through a Dallas-based boutique publisher, BenBella Books. The same day, Hunter stated that her relationship with Edwards had broken up.

</doc>
<doc id="18775584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775584" title="Wiśniowa Góra">
Wiśniowa Góra

Wiśniowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrespol, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Andrespol and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 2,485.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775591" title="Kang Yong">
Kang Yong

Kang Yong (Hangul: 강용; Hanja: 康甬; born January 14, 1979) is a South Korean football player who since 2008 has played for Chunnam Dragons. He formerly played for Pohang Steelers and Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo. 
From 2009, he was loaned to Gangwon FC for one year. In July 2011, He joined Daegu FC.
Honours.
Club.
Pohang Steelers

</doc>
<doc id="18775598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775598" title="Brójce">
Brójce

Brójce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775600" title="Brójce, Łódź Voivodeship">
Brójce, Łódź Voivodeship

Brójce is a village in Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brójce. It lies approximately south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 385.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775601" title="Demons/Horses">
Demons/Horses

Demons/Horses is a 1994 electronic music album written, produced, and mixed by Moby released under his pseudonym "Voodoo Child". Containing two long techno tracks of over 20 minutes each, the album is somewhat unusual in Moby's oeuvre as it contains fairly minimal trance techno (Demons), and even more minimal and very hard, acid techno (Horses).

</doc>
<doc id="18775603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775603" title="Budy Wandalińskie">
Budy Wandalińskie

Budy Wandalińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775606" title="Bukowiec, Łódź East County">
Bukowiec, Łódź East County

Bukowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. The village has a population of 1,000. It lies approximately north-east of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775608" title="Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars">
Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars

"Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars, (colloquially known as 'SARPBC') "is a physics based vehicle football game released through the PlayStation Network in North America on October 9, 2008 and in Europe on February 12, 2009.
The campaign mode of the game is made up of a series of varied mini-games, and tournaments against AI which can only be played in single player mode.
Gameplay.
The game is played by one or more players, locally or online, using their controller to hit a football, which is much larger than the cars themselves, into the opposing goal. Each goal is worth one point, and whoever has the most points when the timer, lasting 5 minutes, runs out wins. If both teams are tied when the timer runs out,the game enters into sudden death over-time mode, whereby whoever scores a goal first wins. The overtime game mode can theoretically last forever.
There are also many various mini games and tournaments, that can only be played in single player, consisting of situations such where the player is outnumbered by computer controlled opponents, where the player must shoot balls at a goal in a certain amount of time, or defend a goal from shots from a cannon. For each completed mini-game or tournament, the player earns up to 5 stars, depending on how well it was completed, along various criteria depending on the game in question.
Maps.
There are 6 maps available for multi-player; Urban, Wasteland, Utopia, Cosmic, Galleon and Stadium.
Urban, Wasteland and Utopia were the original maps that came out with the release of the game. Soon after in a patch, the arena Cosmic was added for free to the American version. The European version of the game was released after this first patch, so came with 4 maps at first. Eight months later, the cosmic patch was followed by the simultaneous release of Galleon and Stadium, in another patch, also for free.
Cars.
New players have only two cars but there are seven vehicles in total, unlocked by finishing mini-game challenges or playing on-line. According to the developers each car has the same speed, strength and agility. However, as the game relies heavily on physics, the subtle differences in the cars leads them to each "behave slightly different." 
The cars also have 4 different skins each, which are chosen by the player before the start of each game, which consist of a pattern of the team colour (red or blue) and white.
Updates.
In addition to lowering the price to USD $9.99 (GBP £7.99; EUR €9.99), on December 18th, 2008, Psyonix released a free update to the game that fixed numerous netplay-related bugs, refined the online lobby and matchmaking aspects, and added the arena Cosmic.
The latest patch was released in early August 2009. The patch had fixed numerous bugs in the game. It also added two new arenas for the game, Galleon, which is set on a ship sailing the seas on a cold spring night and Stadium, a European-styled football stadium.
On February 5th, 2013, Psyonix announced another price reduction, lowering the cost of the game to USD $2.99 (GBP £1.99).
Reception.
"Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars" received generally mediocre reviews by critics, with a Metacritic score of 67/100.
Sequel.
In March 2011, Psyonix confirmed that there was a sequel in development, but that it was far from completion, and even further from release, due to them having difficulty pitching it to publishers or acquiring the finances required to self publish.
In September 2013, Psyonix announced their plans for the sequel in more detail, saying that there would be a free PC Alpha version released for testing and improvement, and to allow build up of a community, before being ported to consoles. They also confirmed that there was a playable version of the game, and announced what improvements are being made on the game, and new features, compared to the old one.
On February 19, 2014, Psyonix confirmed that the sequel will be called Rocket League. 

</doc>
<doc id="18775610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775610" title="Giemzów">
Giemzów

Giemzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775612" title="Giemzówek">
Giemzówek

Giemzówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775614" title="Karpin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Karpin, Łódź Voivodeship

Karpin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775616" title="Kotliny">
Kotliny

Kotliny may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775619" title="Vera Grabe">
Vera Grabe

Vera Grabe Loewenherz is a Colombian anthropologist, politician, and former member of the Colombian guerrilla M-19, of which she was also a co-founder. She successfully rejoined society through a peace accord that permitted rebels to disarm and suffer no retaliation from the Government.
Under the banner of the M-19 Democratic Alliance, a political party spin-off of the former armed group, she was elected to Congress, first as Representative of the Chamber, and then as Senator of Colombia. In the Colombian presidential election of 2002 she ran as Vice Presidential candidate for Luis Eduardo Garzón in the Social and Political Front ticket.
She has worked as a diplomatic attachée on human rights with the Embassy of Colombia in Spain, Director of the NGO "Observatorio para la Paz" (1998–1999), professor and editor, and peace advocate.

</doc>
<doc id="18775620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775620" title="Kotliny, Łódź East County">
Kotliny, Łódź East County

Kotliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775622" title="Kurowice, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kurowice, Łódź Voivodeship

Kurowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.

</doc>
<doc id="18775625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775625" title="Leśne Odpadki">
Leśne Odpadki

Leśne Odpadki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775626" title="Pałczew">
Pałczew

Pałczew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775628" title="Posada, Łódź Voivodeship">
Posada, Łódź Voivodeship

Posada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775631" title="Przypusta">
Przypusta

Przypusta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775632" title="Stefanów, Gmina Brójce">
Stefanów, Gmina Brójce

Stefanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775635" title="Wardzyn">
Wardzyn

Wardzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775636" title="Josef Hopmann">
Josef Hopmann

Josef Hopmann (December 22, 1890–October 11, 1975) was a German astronomer.
He was born in Berlin and received his education at universities in Bonn and Berlin, then became an assistant at Bonn Observatory in 1914. In 1930 he became a full professor and was appointed director of the Leipzig Observatory. Between 1918 and 1974 he published nearly 100 scientific papers. In 1931-32, he and Heribert Schneller discovered that Zeta Aurigae is an eclipsing binary.
The asteroid 1985 Hopmann is named after him, as is the crater Hopmann on the far side of the Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="18775637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775637" title="Wola Rakowa">
Wola Rakowa

Wola Rakowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brójce and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 590.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775642" title="Wygoda, Łódź East County">
Wygoda, Łódź East County

Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775658" title="Austin Williams">
Austin Williams

Austin Williams (born November 13, 1996) is an American soap opera actor. In 2005, Austin was cast in the film "The Good Shepherd", which starred Matt Damon, as the young version of Damon's character Edward Wilson. Here he also displayed his vast musical talents, including metal guitar and classical piano compositions. In October 2007, he was cast in the role of Shane Morasco on "One Life to Live", a role that continued until January 2012. In 2008, he was nominated for a Young Artist Award for "Best Performance in a Feature Film - Young Actor Age Ten or Younger" for his role as Henry Clayton in the 2007 film "Michael Clayton".
In 2012, at the 33rd Young Artist Awards, Austin was nominated for his performance in "A Gifted Man" and won for his performance in "One Life to Live".
Williams has a younger sister Amber Joy Williams who is an actress. Both appeared in "Home Movie" as twins.

</doc>
<doc id="18775666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775666" title="Będzelin">
Będzelin

Będzelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of approximately 600 people. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775668" title="Borowa, Łódź East County">
Borowa, Łódź East County

Borowa (1943–1945German "Wilhelmswalde") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Koluszki and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775672" title="Długie, Łódź East County">
Długie, Łódź East County

Długie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775675" title="Erazmów">
Erazmów

Erazmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775677" title="Felicjanów">
Felicjanów

Felicjanów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775683" title="Felicjanów, Łódź East County">
Felicjanów, Łódź East County

Felicjanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775685" title="Gałków Duży">
Gałków Duży

Gałków Duży (1943–1945German "Galkau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
Development.
In 2007, the Gałkówek train station and the ticket office building,which are based in Gałków Duży, were modernised, after being built around 100 years ago. The refurbishment was much needed and now the train station looks remarkably better than it did in the past.
During the past 15–20 years, not a huge amount has changed in Gałków Duży. As well as the modernisation of the train station, several new homes have been built and a few businesses have been set up in the area.
Sports.
At the very end of Ul. Glówna (where the forest begins), lies is a small football pitch which is used by the Galkowek football club. The club is based in the lower leagues of Polish football.

</doc>
<doc id="18775687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775687" title="Gałków Mały">
Gałków Mały

Gałków Mały (1943–1945German "Junggalkau") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately west of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775688" title="Gałkówek-Parcela">
Gałkówek-Parcela

Gałkówek-Parcela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775689" title="All Rise for Julian Clary">
All Rise for Julian Clary

All Rise for Julian Clary was a British light entertainment game show broadcast on BBC2 from 27 September 1996 to 22 December 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18775690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775690" title="Jeziorko, Łódź East County">
Jeziorko, Łódź East County

Jeziorko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775694" title="Kaletnik, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kaletnik, Łódź Voivodeship

Kaletnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775697" title="Katarzynów">
Katarzynów

Katarzynów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775698" title="Katarzynów, Łódź East County">
Katarzynów, Łódź East County

Katarzynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775703" title="Kazimierzów, Łódź East County">
Kazimierzów, Łódź East County

Kazimierzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775706" title="Leosin">
Leosin

Leosin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775708" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjul">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjul

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Banjul () is a diocese located in the city of Banjul in the Gambia.

</doc>
<doc id="18775710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775710" title="Lisowice, Łódź East County">
Lisowice, Łódź East County

Lisowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775712" title="Nowy Redzeń">
Nowy Redzeń

Nowy Redzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775715" title="Przanowice">
Przanowice

Przanowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775716" title="Regny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Regny, Łódź Voivodeship

Regny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775720" title="Różyca, Łódź Voivodeship">
Różyca, Łódź Voivodeship

Różyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź. The village has a population of 770.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775725" title="Słotwiny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Słotwiny, Łódź Voivodeship

Słotwiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775726" title="Stary Redzeń">
Stary Redzeń

Stary Redzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775727" title="Stefanów, Gmina Koluszki">
Stefanów, Gmina Koluszki

Stefanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775733" title="Świny, Łódź Voivodeship">
Świny, Łódź Voivodeship

Świny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775740" title="Turobowice, Łódź East County">
Turobowice, Łódź East County

Turobowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775742" title="Wierzchy, Łódź East County">
Wierzchy, Łódź East County

Wierzchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775745" title="Cha Gi-Suk">
Cha Gi-Suk

Cha Gi-Suk (born December 26, 1986) is a South Korean football player who since 2009 summer has played for Bucheon FC 1995.
Cha was the member of South Korea U-17 and South Korea U-20. But he was suffered from chronic kidney disease since 2006. Because of his disease, he never played in Chunnam. In 2006, He received a kidney transplant from his father and 2008 May, after two years, he received kidney again from his uncle.

</doc>
<doc id="18775754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775754" title="Żakowice, Łódź East County">
Żakowice, Łódź East County

Żakowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Koluszki and east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775764" title="Zielona Góra, Łódź Voivodeship">
Zielona Góra, Łódź Voivodeship

Zielona Góra (1943–1945 German "Grünberg") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Koluszki and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775772" title="Zygmuntów, Łódź East County">
Zygmuntów, Łódź East County

Zygmuntów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775774" title="Lactarius subdulcis">
Lactarius subdulcis

Lactarius subdulcis, commonly known as the mild milkcap or beech milk cap, is an edible mushroom in the genus "Lactarius". It is brown in colour, with a large number of gills and a particularly thin layer of flesh in the cap. Mycorrhizal, the mushroom is found from late summer to late autumn at the base of beech trees in small groups or individually, where it is one of the two most common species of fungi. Alternatively, it can be found in large groups in fields, sometimes with more than a hundred individual mushrooms. It is found in Europe, and, despite previous research to the contrary, is absent in North America. Although considered edible, it is not particularly useful as food due to its ivy-like taste and the fact that more choice mushrooms will be easily found at the same time. "L. subdulcis" is known for its abundant, sweet-tasting milk that, unlike the latex of some of its relatives, does not stain fabric yellow.
Taxonomy.
"Lactarius subdulcis" was first described as "Agaricus subdulcis" by mycologist Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801, before English mycologist Samuel Frederick Gray placed it in its current genus "Lactarius" in 1821 in his "The Natural Arrangement of British Plants". The specific epithet is derived from Latin words "sub" "under", and "dulcis" "sweet", after the milk's delayed sweet taste. As well as mild milk cap, beech milk cap is an alternate common name.
Description.
"Lactarius subdulcis" has a convex cap of 3–7 cm (1.4–2.8 in) across that later develops a depression. It sometimes has a small umbo, and in colour can be a reddish-brown, rusty or dark-cinnamon, later paling to buff, though darker in the middle. The cap can be fairly rigid to flexible, and smooth to slightly wrinkled. At first, the margin is incurved though it is sometimes slightly furrowed. The stem is 3–7 cm long and between 6 and 13 mm thick, and is generally cylindrical though can be club-shaped. The stem is sometimes furrowed lengthwise, and is generally the same colour as the cap, though paler at the top. The flesh is pale and there is only a thin layer in the cap. The crowded gills are adnate to slightly decurrent, and can be white or pink in colour. It has white, plentiful milk that does not stain fabrics yellow, differentiating it from other species of "Lactarius", such as "L. decipiens". It has a faint, oily scent.
Spores.
"Lactarius subdulcis" has cream spore print with a slight salmon tinge. The spores are oval, with largish warts of around 1 micrometre (μm) which are joined by a well-developed network of mostly thin ridges. The spores measure 7.5–11 μm by 6.5–9 μm, and are amyloid or ellipsoid in shape.
Distribution and habitat.
"Lactarius subdulcis" is found in Europe; it does not occur in North America, although a number of similar brownish-orange species were formerly classified under this species. It is found in broad-leaved woodland, especially on the floor at the base of beech trees. Along with "L. vellereus", "L. subdulcis" is the most common fungi found on beech trees. The mushrooms can be found from late summer to late autumn, and are common. They are found individually, or in small groups. They can also be found in fields, generally appearing in large batches, with groups of over a hundred mushrooms not uncommon.
Edibility.
"Lactarius subdulcis" has a mild taste with a slightly bitter after-taste. Though considered edible after cooking, it is not recommended, as it has a taste reminiscent of ivy. There are a number of other mushrooms that appear at the same time and in the same areas as "L. subdulcis" that are preferable to it, including "L. mitissimus", meaning that "L. subdulcis" is not particularly useful as a foodstuff. The milk is one of distinguishing features, having a sweet taste that turns bitter in the mouth, with "L. subdulcis" being considered a sweet milk mushroom.

</doc>
<doc id="18775781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775781" title="Boginia">
Boginia

Boginia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775782" title="Gloydius intermedius">
Gloydius intermedius

Gloydius intermedius is a venomous pitviper species endemic to northern Asia. Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Description.
Gloyd and Conant (1990) reported examining subadults and adults that were 33.5–71 cm (13.2-28 inches) in total length. Nikolsky (1916) mentioned that some individuals may reach as much as 78 cm (30.7 inches) in total length. The body is relatively stout, and the snout is not upturned.
The scalation includes 7 supralabial scales, 23 rows of keeled dorsal scales at midbody, 149-165 ventral scales, and 32-48 subcaudal scales.
The color pattern is variable, but generally consists of 28-45 dark subquadrate dorsal blotches or crossbands that usually extend down the flanks as far as the first or second scale rows. Between these blotches are irregular light areas. A dark brown to black postorbital stripe is present, extending from the eye back to the angle of the jaw, outlined by a light line above, and by cream-colored supralabial scales below.
Common names.
Central Asian pit viper, intermediate mamushi, Mongolian pit viper, Central Asian pitviper.
Geographic range.
Found in southeastern Azerbaijan, northern Iran, southern Turkmenistan, northwestern Afghanistan, southern Russia, northwestern China and Mongolia. The type locality given by Stejneger (1907) is "Governm. Irkutsk, East Siberia." Golay "et al." (1993) give "Yesso (= Esso) Island, banks of Amur River and Khinggan (= Hinggan Ling) Mountain Range."

</doc>
<doc id="18775783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775783" title="Borchówka">
Borchówka

Borchówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775787" title="Leland Martin">
Leland Martin

Leland Martin (born February 20, 1957, Success, Missouri) is an American country singer. Martin was one of nine children; his grandmother and father were both country singers. He held jobs as a truck driver, house painter, and in a sawmill before signing with Rival Records, who issued his debut album in 1998. Follow-up albums appeared in 2002, 2005, and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18775792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775792" title="Borki, Łódź East County">
Borki, Łódź East County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775794" title="Byszewy">
Byszewy

Byszewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775799" title="Dąbrowa, Łódź East County">
Dąbrowa, Łódź East County

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775807" title="Dąbrówka, Łódź East County">
Dąbrówka, Łódź East County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775813" title="Głogowiec, Łódź East County">
Głogowiec, Łódź East County

Głogowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775821" title="Grabina, Łódź East County">
Grabina, Łódź East County

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775825" title="Janów, Łódź East County">
Janów, Łódź East County

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775827" title="Mike Robertson">
Mike Robertson

Mike Robertson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775831" title="Kalonka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kalonka, Łódź Voivodeship

Kalonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775833" title="Route nationale 56">
Route nationale 56

Route nationale 56, RN56 or N56, is a French route nationale ("national road") linking Macheren to Sarralbe. The December, the 5th decree plans its transfer to département of Moselle.

</doc>
<doc id="18775836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775836" title="Kopanka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Kopanka, Łódź Voivodeship

Kopanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775839" title="Ksawerów, Łódź East County">
Ksawerów, Łódź East County

Ksawerów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775842" title="Hong Kong, China at the 2008 Summer Paralympics">
Hong Kong, China at the 2008 Summer Paralympics

Hong Kong competed under the name "Hong Kong, China" at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, People's Republic of China. Hong Kong sent 21 athletes to compete in eight events at the Beijing Games. Although Hong Kong's NPC was a separate member of the IPC, Hong Kong hosted the equestrian events.

</doc>
<doc id="18775843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775843" title="Piper's Ash">
Piper's Ash

Piper's Ash is a small hamlet between the areas of Vicars Cross, Christleton, and Guilden Sutton, situated in west Cheshire. Piper's Ash is classed as semi-rural because it is situated approximately 200 yards from the A51 on one side and countryside on the other. Village amenities include (or included) a corner shop, a chapel, (both now converted into houses) and a small village green with a phone and postbox.

</doc>
<doc id="18775844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775844" title="Lipiny, Łódź East County">
Lipiny, Łódź East County

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775845" title="Moskwa, Łódź Voivodeship">
Moskwa, Łódź Voivodeship

Moskwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. ("Moskwa" is also the Polish name for Moscow.)
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775848" title="Natolin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Natolin, Łódź Voivodeship

Natolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775851" title="Ben Swain">
Ben Swain

Benjamin William Oliver Swain (March 31, 1986) from Welwyn Garden City is a British synchronized diver. During the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics, Swain took part in the Mens 3m Springboard Synchronized event.

</doc>
<doc id="18775854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775854" title="Niecki, Łódź Voivodeship">
Niecki, Łódź Voivodeship

Niecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775856" title="Nowe Skoszewy">
Nowe Skoszewy

Nowe Skoszewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775858" title="Plichtów">
Plichtów

Plichtów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775859" title="Stare Skoszewy">
Stare Skoszewy

Stare Skoszewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has an approximate population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775861" title="Highland Capital">
Highland Capital


</doc>
<doc id="18775862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775862" title="Teolin, Łódź Voivodeship">
Teolin, Łódź Voivodeship

Teolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="18775863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775863" title="Park Ji-Yong">
Park Ji-Yong

Park Ji-Yong (; born 28 May 1983) is a South Korean footballer player. 
He was arrested on the charge connected with the match fixing allegations on 7 July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18775864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775864" title="Wiączyń Dolny">
Wiączyń Dolny

Wiączyń Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 4.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775867" title="Wódka">
Wódka

Wódka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18775871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775871" title="Wódka, Łódź Voivodeship">
Wódka, Łódź Voivodeship

Wódka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 50.
See also.
Vodka
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775884" title="Babichy">
Babichy

Babichy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775888" title="Bronisin Dworski">
Bronisin Dworski

Bronisin Dworski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775894" title="Czyżeminek">
Czyżeminek

Czyżeminek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775899" title="Gospodarz, Łódź Voivodeship">
Gospodarz, Łódź Voivodeship

Gospodarz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 433.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775900" title="Grodzisko, Łódź East County">
Grodzisko, Łódź East County

Grodzisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775903" title="Guzew">
Guzew

Guzew may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775905" title="Anthony Allom">
Anthony Allom

Anthony Thomas Carrick Allom (born 21 October 1938) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Free Foresters, MCC and Surrey between 1959 and 1961. 
His highest score of 34 not out came when playing for Free Foresters in the match against Oxford University in 1959, his first-class debut. His best bowling of 5/79 came in the same match. 
He also played three Second XI Championship matches and seven Minor Counties Championship games for Surrey Second XI. His solitary first-team county appearance occurred in a high-scoring draw against Warwickshire at The Oval in July 1960, failing to capture a wicket as Norman Horner and Khalid Ibadulla compiled an unbroken first-wicket partnership of 377. 
One of the tallest county cricketers of all time, his height was measured at 6 feet 9 inches or maybe an inch taller (thus equalling Paul Dunkels and Will Jefferson). When he was a schoolboy cricketer at Charterhouse, where he played in the first XI from 1954 to 1957, "Wisden" gave his height as 6 feet 10 1/2 inches.
His father was the England Test player Maurice Allom.

</doc>
<doc id="18775906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775906" title="Guzew, Łódź Voivodeship">
Guzew, Łódź Voivodeship

Guzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775907" title="Hey Brook">
Hey Brook

Hey Brook is a watercourse in Rochdale, Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates at the confluence of Buckley Brook and Syke Brook, and flows through Wardleworth to the River Roch.

</doc>
<doc id="18775908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775908" title="Huta Wiskicka">
Huta Wiskicka

Huta Wiskicka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775910" title="Kalinko, Poland">
Kalinko, Poland

Kalinko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775913" title="Kalino, Poland">
Kalino, Poland

Kalino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 306.

</doc>
<doc id="18775919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775919" title="Konstantyna, Łódź Voivodeship">
Konstantyna, Łódź Voivodeship

Konstantyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775924" title="Prawda, Łódź Voivodeship">
Prawda, Łódź Voivodeship

Prawda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775925" title="Enforcer (battering ram)">
Enforcer (battering ram)

Enforcer (also known informally as "the big key" ) is the term given to a specially designed manual battering ram currently used by British Police forces to aid in gaining entry to premises. It is manufactured and sold by a company called Sigma Security Devices Ltd in Kent, UK.
Construction.
The Enforcer is of a steel tubular construction with a steel pad at the impact end so that it can absorb such impact, and a handle at the opposite end angled so that the user can swing accurately without actually applying their own pressure more than necessary. Further, there is a handle in the middle of the tube aiding the user in handling. The Enforcer can apply three tonnes of kinetic energy to door locks, whilst it is 58 cm long and weighs 16 kg.
Police use.
In most forces in Britain, the Enforcer can only be used when authorised by a senior officer in charge of a search. In London the Metropolitan Police Services' Armed Response Vehicles and most station vans carry them. Within most forces an officer can only use such a tool once they have attended a course receiving training in the safe handling and operational use. Also, most forces insist that the user wears gloves to minimise the shock created when a door is struck with the ram.

</doc>
<doc id="18775928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775928" title="Ushahidi">
Ushahidi

Ushahidi, Inc. is a non-profit software company that develops free and open-source software (LGPL) for information collection, visualisation, and interactive mapping.
Ushahidi (Swahili for "testimony" or "witness") created a website (http://legacy.ushahidi.com) in the aftermath of Kenya's disputed 2007 presidential election (see 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis) that collected eyewitness reports of violence reported by email and text message and placed them on a Google Maps map.
The organisation uses the concept of crowdsourcing for social activism and public accountability, serving as an initial model for what has been coined as "activist mapping"—the combination of social activism, citizen journalism and geospatial information. Ushahidi offers products that enable local observers to submit reports using their mobile phones or the internet, while simultaneously creating a temporal and geospatial archive of events.
Products.
Ushahidi.
The Ushahidi platform is built on the Kohana web framework, a fork of the CodeIgniter framework. It includes support for Nexmo wholesale SMS API and Clickatell SMS Gateway. Furthermore, the official Ushahidi-hosted websites use the commercial service. Ushahidi provides the option of using OpenStreetMap maps in its user interface, but requires the Google Maps API for geocoding. Ushahidi is often set up using a local SMS gateway created by a local FrontlineSMS set-up. This video provides a good overview on how the platform is being used around the world.
SwiftRiver.
SwiftRiver is a suite of intelligence and real-time data gathering products that complement Ushahidi's mapping and visualization products. Often referred to as "the SwiftRiver Initiative" the goal of the project is "to democratize access to the tools for making sense of information". The project attracted a lot of interest from newsrooms. In a recent blog post, Ushahidi seemed to indicate that the project was no longer in active development. "We feel as though we have a great product, that is finally shipped, but lack the resources to keep it going in-house," wrote Hersman. 
SwiftRiver is a free and open-source platform that helps people make sense of a lot of information in a short amount of time. It was born out of the need to understand and act upon a wave of massive amounts of crisis data that tends to overwhelm in the first 24 hours of a disaster. There has been a great deal of interest in Swift for other industries such as newsrooms, political analysts and marketers as an open-source alternative to more expensive, proprietary intelligence software platforms. The SwiftRiver platform offers applications which combine natural language/artificial intelligence process, data-mining for SMS and Twitter, and verification algorithms for different sources of information.
SwiftRiver has three primary functions:
Crowdmap.
Crowdmap is designed and built by the team behind Ushahidi, a platform that was originally built to crowdsource crisis information. As the platform has evolved, so have its uses. Crowdmap now allows users to set up their own deployments of Ushahidi without having to install it on a web server. Since its release in 2010, prominent deployments of Crowdmap have documented the global "Occupy" protests and the 2011 London anti-cuts protest.
On 31 December 2010, the Ushahidi team announced Crowdmap: Checkins, a geosocial add-on to Crowdmap that allows users to create a white-label alternative to sites like Foursquare and Gowalla. Rather than filling out submission forms online, checkins allow Crowdmap users to expedite data entry to their deployment, focussing first on location and adding more detailed information later. Ushahidi describes the effort as "checkins with a purpose".
History.
Beginnings in Kenya.
Ushahidi.com (Swahili for "testimony" or "witness") is a website created in the aftermath of Kenya's disputed 2007 presidential election (see 2007–2008 Kenyan crisis) that collected eyewitness reports of violence sent in by email and text-message and placed them on a Google map. It is also the name of the open source software developed for that site, which has since been improved, released freely, and used for a number of similar projects around the globe.
The Kenyan site was developed and run by several bloggers and software developers, all current or former residents of Kenya: Erik Hersman, Juliana Rotich, Ory Okolloh, and David Kobia. The site was initially proposed by Okolloh, developed cheaply, and put online within a few days. International media, government sources, NGOs, and Kenyan journalists and bloggers were used to verify eyewitness testimony. The site was later also used to facilitate donations from abroad.
An analysis by Harvard's Kennedy School of Government found that Ushahidi was better overall at reporting acts of violence as they began. The data collected by Ushahidi was superior to that reported by the mainstream media in Kenya at the time. The service was also better at reporting non-fatal violence as well as information coming in from rural areas.
On 23 December 2010, Ushahidi Co-founder and Executive Director Ory Okolloh announced that she was stepping down from her role to become Manager of Policy for Africa at Google. 
Post-Kenya crisis uses.
Soon after its initial use in Kenya, the Ushahidi software was used to create a similar site to track anti-immigrant violence in South Africa, in May 2008. The software has since been used to map violence in eastern Congo, beginning in November 2008. Ushahidi is used in Kenya, Malawi, Uganda, and Zambia in June 2009 to track pharmacy stockouts in several Southeast African countries. Finally, it was used to monitor elections in Mexico and India, among other projects. It was also used by Al Jazeera to collect eyewitness reports during the 2008–09 Gaza War.
The post election violence in Kenya was the subject of a Harvard Humanitarian Institute study and mentioned in a Berkman Center report.
2010.
Haiti.
In 2010, due to the earthquake in Haiti, Patrick Meier launched a joint effort between Ushahidi, The Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy at Tufts University, UN OCHA/Colombia and the International Network of Crisis Mappers (CM*Net) started the Haiti implementation. A few hours later many humanitarian/tech workers joined this initiative. Nearly 40,000 independent reports were sent to the Ushahidi Haiti Project of which nearly 4,000 distinct events were plotted.
Chile.
Only a month after the Haiti earthquake, the 2010 earthquake in Chile prompted Patrick Meier to launch Ushahidi-Chile within hours of the initial quake. The Chile site is co-managed with the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University in the United States, supported by Chilean Americans.
Washington, D.C..
In the wake of winter storms, the "Washington Post" and the web development company PICnet used the software to create a site mapping blocked roads and other information.
Russia.
Ushahidi was used in Russia to set up a "map of help" for voluntary workers needed after the wildfires.
2011.
Using Ushahidi, the Christchurch Recovery Map website was launched less than 24 hours after the 22 February earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand. The site maps locations of services such as food, water, toilets, fuel, ATMs, and medical care. Information was gathered via Twitter using the #eqnz hashtag, SMS messages, and email. The site was founded by a group of web professionals, and maintained by volunteers.
This software allowed pro-democracy demonstrators across the Middle East to organise and communicate what was happening around them in early 2011.
India•CR – India Citizen Reports runs on Ushahidi since 2011 to collect and disseminate reports in various categories like civic problems, crimes and corruption. TelecomMap.com uses Ushahidi to map 3G network quality and Wi-Fi hotspots.
Ushahidi is used in Japan to help through multiple tragedies. The Japan Recovery Map website is in Japanese.
Australian Broadcasting Corporation used Ushahidi to map the Queensland floods in January.
The MightyMoRiver Project used Ushahidi's hosted service Crowdmap.com to track the Missouri River floods of 2011
Transparency Watch Project is using the Ushahidi platform to track corruption reported cases in Republic of Macedonia. PrijaviKorupcija is a joint project by Transparency International – Macedonia and the Center for International Relations allowing citizens to report cases of corruption via ONE (Mobile Operator) by sending SMS from their mobile phones, sending an email, using the web form, the hashtag #korupcijaMK on Twitter or by reporting on the phone.
2012.
Armenia
On iDitord platform Ushahidi was used for monitoring of parliamentary elections on 6 May.
Al Jazeera Balkans deployed Ushahidi crisis mapping platform on 5 February 2012, to track the snow/cold emergency in the Balkans.
2013.
Ankashar.am is an anti-corruption map of higher education system in Armenia.
BRCK is a modem which was created by Ushahidi and has been announced at the TEDGlobal conference in Edinburgh, Scotland, on 11 June 2013.
Ushahidi announce Ping in response to the attacks on Westgate Mall in Nairobi.
Awards.
Ushahidi has received several awards in recognition to its effectiveness and creativity, latest being The MacArthur Award. Ushahidi writes about the awards received in its Official Blog. The awards received by Ushahidi so far are as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="18775929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775929" title="Romanów, Łódź East County">
Romanów, Łódź East County

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775932" title="Stara Gadka">
Stara Gadka

Stara Gadka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rzgów and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775934" title="Starowa Góra">
Starowa Góra

Starowa Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rzgów and south of the centre regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 1,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775935" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baghdad">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baghdad

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Baghdad () is a Catholic diocese of the Roman/Latin Rite located in the city of Baghdad in Iraq. It has jurisdiction over three parishes of 2,500 Latin Rite Catholics who live throughout Iraq. The diocese is immediately subject to the Holy See and operates alongside eleven Chaldean dioceses, two Syrian Catholic, one Greek-Melkite, and one Armenian Catholic diocese. The Archdiocese's cathedral is the Cathedral of St. Joseph, located in Baghdad, Iraq, not to be confused with the Cathedral of St. Joseph located in Ankawa, Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18775941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775941" title="Luvarus necopinatus">
Luvarus necopinatus

Luvarus necopinatus is a species of extinct louvar that lived in the Tethys Ocean during the early Paleogene. It differs from the modern species, "L. imperialis", in that "L. necopinatus" has an oval body shape, and is around one foot in length when fully grown.
The first specimens were found from the Danata Formation Lagerstätten, of the Thanetian to Ypresian epochs of Turkmenistan. "L. necopinatus" was originally described as ""Proluvarus necopinatus"," citing several anatomical differences between "Proluvarus" and "Luvarus". A later reexamination of the fossil specimens lead researchers to reappraise "Proluvarus" as a junior synonym, as well as determine that specimens of what were originally thought to be juveniles were actually two different species of a different genus of louvar, "Avitoluvarus".

</doc>
<doc id="18775945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775945" title="Tadzin, Łódź East County">
Tadzin, Łódź East County

Tadzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately east of Rzgów and south-east of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775957" title="Bądzyń">
Bądzyń

Bądzyń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775962" title="Dylew, Łódź Voivodeship">
Dylew, Łódź Voivodeship

Dylew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775965" title="Garbów (disambiguation)">
Garbów (disambiguation)

Garbów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18775973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775973" title="Garbów, Łódź East County">
Garbów, Łódź East County

Garbów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775974" title="Garbówek">
Garbówek

Garbówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775980" title="Głuchów, Łódź East County">
Głuchów, Łódź East County

Głuchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775985" title="Gołygów">
Gołygów

Gołygów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775990" title="Górki Duże, Łódź Voivodeship">
Górki Duże, Łódź Voivodeship

Górki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775993" title="Górki Małe, Łódź Voivodeship">
Górki Małe, Łódź Voivodeship

Górki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775994" title="Jutroszew">
Jutroszew

Jutroszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18775995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775995" title="List of cities in North America">
List of cities in North America


</doc>
<doc id="18775996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18775996" title="Kruszów">
Kruszów

Kruszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18776001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776001" title="Mąkoszyn, Łódź Voivodeship">
Mąkoszyn, Łódź Voivodeship

Mąkoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18776007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776007" title="Modlica, Łódź Voivodeship">
Modlica, Łódź Voivodeship

Modlica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18776014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776014" title="Syski, Łódź East County">
Syski, Łódź East County

Syski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18776016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776016" title="Szczukwin">
Szczukwin

Szczukwin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tuszyn and south of the regional capital Łódź. The village dates back to at least the 16th century. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18776017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776017" title="Marshall Dodge">
Marshall Dodge

Marshall Dodge (1935-1982) was a well-known Maine humorist. He and his associate, Robert Bryan, put out several defining albums of Maine humor, starting with "Bert & I", released in 1958. In 1964 he and Noel Parmentel published (with accompanying LP record) a long-remembered parody of popular folk songs entitled "Folk Songs for Conservatives".
In 1976, he founded the Maine Festival of the Arts at Bowdoin College. In a 1979 interview, Dodge claimed that his real love was philosophy, and that he was writing a book on the subject.
He died in a hit-and-run accident in 1982 in Waimea, Hawaii.

</doc>
<doc id="18776051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776051" title="Blake Aldridge">
Blake Aldridge

Blake Aldridge (born 4 August 1982) is a British synchronised diver, who dives for The Crystal Palace Diving Club. During the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics he took part in the Men's 10m Synchronised event. Aldridge and his diving partner, Tom Daley, finished in eighth position in the final in an event dominated by the Chinese who claimed the gold. He criticised Tom Daley during the competition, which subsequently resulted in Aldridge himself being criticised.
Aldridge attended Stanley Technical High School for Boys in South Norwood London.
Aldridge's original synchro partner Gavin Brown was killed in a hit-and-run collision in Southampton on 28 April 2007.
In February 2009, Daley's father, Rob, told BBC Devon, "If it was up to me, Tom would get a new partner". Shortly afterwards it was announced that Daley would be diving with Max Brick.
In May 2009 Aldridge paid an £80 police fixed penalty for shoplifting at B&Q.
On 19 February 2010, Aldridge was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting wine and causing actual bodily harm to a male security guard at a Tesco store in Croydon, Greater London. In August 2010 the case against him was dismissed.
In July 2010, Aldridge won the European Cliff Diving Championships for the second year running, scoring 136.475 points, 38 points ahead of the next highest scoring dive. He also triumphed in 2011, beating Ukraine's Anatolii Shabotencko by over 60 points (372.325 vs 310.175).
He has had injury problems early in his career, notably detached retinas from a bad dive which required laser surgery

</doc>
<doc id="18776060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776060" title="Zaun">
Zaun

Zaun may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776068" title="Warford">
Warford

Warford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776085" title="Moss Brook">
Moss Brook

Moss Brook is a watercourse in Rochdale, Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates in Newbold, and flows Northwards to join the River Roch. The majority of the brook is now culverted.

</doc>
<doc id="18776123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776123" title="Andrés Almarales">
Andrés Almarales

Andrés Almarales Manga (1935 in Cienaga, Magdalena, Colombia – November 1985, in Bogotá) was one of the commanders of the 19th of April Movement (M-19) terrorist group. He was a member of the Colombian Communist Party. He worked with the socialist groups under Antonio Garcia and with the United People's Front with the priest, Camilo Torres. He received Haba guerrilla instruction in Cuba and communist countries of Europe.
Life.
Almarales was one of the founders of the M-19 and representative to the camera from the Socialist Anapo. He participated in stealing weaponry from the North Corner and in terrorist activities in the south of the country. His group recruited guerrillas and supporters in the union sector. Captured in the municipality of Bolivar (Santander) in 1979, Almares was put under house arrest and found guilty by Picota. When he rejoined civilian life, he wrote works on syndicalism and shortly thereafter helped plan the capture of the Dominican Republic. Later, his crimes were pardoned during the government of Belisario Betancur.
When Carlos Toledo Plata was assassinated in 1984 in Bucaramanga, Almares organized the memorial service in Romero park, in front of the central cemetery of that city, as an insult to then-president Belisario Betancur and the Time newspaper. His group recruited young people for the armed resistance movement. Shortly thereafter, he moved to the Valley of the Cauca and collaborated with the M-19 to protect around Cali. In a popular action by the Patriotic Union (Colombia) in the Plaza de Bolivar of Bogota, Almarales spoke rudely comparing the press to a “sewer”, referring to President Betancur, minister of Government Jaime Castro and the Columbian conservative group.
On August 24th, 1984 he arranged a ceasefire between his group and the government of President Betancur. In front of all the television networks, he declared: “As of today, not a drop of blood was spilled by the subversives."
A radical and capable participant in negotiations, Almarales participated in the peace process. Later he was buried alongside Luis Otero Cifuentes and Alfonso Jacquin. There are two versions of his death:

</doc>
<doc id="18776133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776133" title="2007–08 curling season">
2007–08 curling season

The 2007-08 curling season began in September 2007 and ended in April 2008.
Women's World Curling Tour winners.
Events in bold indicate Grand Slam events.

</doc>
<doc id="18776139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776139" title="McGuffey Lane">
McGuffey Lane

McGuffey Lane is an American country rock band from Columbus, Ohio. McGuffey Lane was formed in 1972 by Terry Efaw and Steve Reis, who played together under the name Scotch & Soda. After adding vocalist and guitarist Bobby Gene McNelly, they renamed themselves McGuffey Lane, the location of Reis's Athens, Ohio home.
They eventually expanded to a sextet and became well-known locally, releasing their first album on their own Paradise Island record label. The LP sold over 40,000 copies, and eventually resulted in their signing with Atco Records. They reissued the debut in 1980 and toured with the Charlie Daniels Band, The Judds and the Allman Brothers Band. The follow-up, "Aqua Dream", featured the single "Start It All Over", which became a crossover pop hit, reaching No. 97 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The group scored several minor hits on the country charts, but their label wanted to market them more as a pop-country act in the vein of Alabama. They moved to Atlantic Records in hopes of focusing on success on the country charts, but as they prepared 1984's "Day By Day", keyboardist Tebes Douglass was killed in a car crash. Soon after, Bobby Gene McNelly left the group to pursue a solo career, and around 1985 the group was dropped from Atlantic. In 1986, they released a Christmas album in support of the Central Ohio Lung Association; towards the end of the year they inked a sponsorship with Miller Beer, but a planned comeback fizzled.
The group played into the late 1980s but had dissolved by 1990. In 1995 they reunited after releasing a greatest hits album, and continued performing locally in Ohio into the 2000s. Two full-length releases followed the reunion, in 1998 and 2002. Today, McGuffey Lane still performs 30-35 concerts annually. In March 2010, Lick Records signed a distribution deal with E1 Entertainment, which will allow the new McGuffey Lane album to be sold in Wal-Mart and Best Buy. On August 18, 2009 they opened for Lynyrd Skynyrd at The LC in Columbus, Ohio.
Zachariah's Red Eye Reunion.
Every January, McGuffey Lane holds an annual reunion concert featuring many acts who also played at Zachariah's Red Eye Saloon. The first two Reunions were held at Villa Milano Banquet and Conference Center, located on Schrock Road on the northeast side of Columbus, Ohio. After the initial two events, John Schwab (who is the organizer of the event) started looking for a larger venue to host the Reunion, as it had outgrown Villa Milano. He settled on Lifestyles Communities Pavilion (formerly Promowest Pavilion). The 2011 Reunion currently holds the indoor attendance record at the LC. The twelfth anniversary took place on January 14, 2012
Some acts who have taken part in the event are: Rob McNelly (son of original lead singer Bobby Gene McNelly and current guitarist for Bob Seger and The Silver Bullet Band), John David Call (steel guitarist for Pure Prairie League), Steve Smith, Gary Ballen, Delyn Christian, Tom Ingham, the Dan Orr Project,and Erica Blinn

</doc>
<doc id="18776148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776148" title="Tidd">
Tidd

Tidd is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776152" title="Nicholas Robinson-Baker">
Nicholas Robinson-Baker

Nicholas Robinson-Baker (born 24 June 1987) is an English diver.
Early life.
Robinson-Baker was born in Peckham, London. Attending Charles Darwin Secondary School, Biggin Hill.
Career.
Robinson-Baker participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he placed 7th overall in the springboard event. He visited Didcot Girls' School on 3 May 2012, in association with Exercise With Champions. He had photos taken with students who all took part in a fundraising event for the school.

</doc>
<doc id="18776157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776157" title="N56 road (Belgium)">
N56 road (Belgium)

The N56 road is a Belgian national road linking Mons to Belgian A8 motorway.

</doc>
<doc id="18776181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776181" title="Andronikos Kontostephanos">
Andronikos Kontostephanos

Andronikos Kontostephanos, Latinized Andronicus Contostephanus () was a major figure in the Byzantine (Eastern Roman) Empire during the reign of Manuel I Komnenos; he was a general, admiral, politician and a leading aristocrat. He was born after 1125, when his parents married, and died after 1182, when he is last mentioned in the sources.
Background and family.
Andronikos Kontostephanos was the youngest son of Stephanos Kontostephanos, who held the title "panhypersebastos" and the rank of "megas doux", and the porphyrogenita princess Anna Komnene, daughter of the emperor John II Komnenos and his empress Eirene of Hungary, and thus the nephew of emperor Manuel I Komnenos. Andronikos had two brothers, John, also a prominent military commander, and Alexios, and a sister, Eirene. The Kontostephanoi were an old Byzantine family and were at the heart of Byzantine politics and power through their intermarrying with the imperial house of the Komnenoi for generations. Andronikos himself is believed to have married a member of the Doukas family, another clan with imperial connections. He had four sons.
Military career.
Andronikos was the leading Byzantine military figure during the reign of his uncle the emperor Manuel I Komnenos. Like his father he was appointed to the office of "megas doux" (grand duke), the commander-in-chief of the Byzantine navy and governor of the provinces of Hellas, the Peloponnese and Crete. However, his greatest success was as a general rather than as an admiral. At some point, Andronikos was also appointed commander of the Varangian Guard.
The earliest mention of Andronikos in high command was in 1144-5 when he was given a command, jointly with his brother John and a general named Prosuch, of a force sent to defend Cilicia from the depredations of Raymond of Antioch. As his parents married in 1125 he must have been under twenty years old at the time.
Andronikos’ father was killed at the siege of Corfu in 1149, when he commanded the Byzantine forces attempting to expel the Normans of the Kingdom of Sicily. Andronikos too was present at the siege and assumed his father's command, but failed to defeat the Normans.
The Hungarians had defeated the Byzantines on the Danube frontier in 1165, and the following year Byzantine armies ravaged eastern Hungary in retaliation. In 1167 Manuel collected a very large army with the intention of ending the Hungarian threat to the empire’s Balkan possessions. Bad health prevented Manuel from taking to the field in person, and he entrusted his army to the command of Andronikos. The Byzantine army met the Hungarians in a pitched battle on the 8th of July near the fortified city of Zemun. Andronikos’ skillful dispositions and the discipline of his troops gave the Byzantines a decisive victory at the Battle of Sirmium. The Hungarians sued for peace on Byzantine terms and recognised the empire’s control over the region around Sirmium, plus all of Bosnia, Dalmatia and the area south of the Krka River. Following the victory Manuel celebrated a triumphal entry into Constantinople with Andronikos Kontostephanos riding by his side.
In 1169, Andronikos was appointed commander of a fleet of 230 ships carrying a Byzantine army to invade Egypt in alliance with the forces of Amalric, King of Jerusalem, in what was to be the last of a series of Crusader invasions of Egypt. The combined armies laid siege to Damietta in the Nile delta. The Byzantines prosecuted the siege with vigour, but as they were about to assault the city Amalric undermined them by arranging a negotiated surrender of Damietta. Andronikos, disgusted with Amalric’s double-dealing and with his soldiers in state of starvation, evacuated Egypt. He returned with part of his army by land through the crusader states of Palestine and Syria. Half of the Byzantine fleet was lost in a series of storms on its return journey.
Renewed friction between Venice and the Byzantines resulted in Manuel imprisoning all 20,000 Venetians in the empire and confiscating all of their property (1171). The Republic of Venice retaliated by sending a fleet of 120 ships to capture and occupy Chios. Andronikos commanded a fleet of 150 ships dispatched to drive off the Venetians, a task he accomplished.
Manuel attacked the Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm in 1176, with the intention of taking its capital, Konya, and destroying Turkish power in Anatolia. The Seljuk sultan Kilij Arslan II ambushed Manuel’s impressively large army as it moved through the pass of Tivritze in mountainous border region between the two states. In the ensuing Battle of Myriokephalon parts of the Byzantine force were very badly mauled; however, Andronikos Kontostephanos managed to get his division, bringing up the rear, through the pass with few casualties. He is credited with having persuaded his uncle the emperor, whose confidence had been severely shaken, to remain with his troops following the defeat. Through his influence with the emperor he was instrumental in facilitating the peaceful withdrawal of the Byzantine forces.
The following year (1177), Andronikos led a fleet of 150 ships in another attempt to conquer Egypt, but he returned home after landing at Acre. He was dissuaded from continuing with the expedition by the refusal of Count Philip of Flanders, and many important nobles of the Kingdom of Jerusalem, to actively co-operate with the Byzantine force.
Political intrigues and an unfortunate fate.
Following the death of Manuel in 1180 the succession fell to his son Alexios II Komnenos. As Alexios was a child, power devolved on his mother, the empress Maria of Antioch. Her rule proved very unpopular, especially with the aristocracy who resented her Latin (Western) origins. When Manuel’s cousin Andronikos Komnenos made a bid for power in 1182 the Grand Duke Andronikos Kontostephanos, together with the general Andronikos Angelos, played a key role in allowing his forces to enter Constantinople. However, once in power, Andronikos Komnenos proved that he had a tyrannical nature and had a vehement desire to break the power and influence of the Byzantine aristocratic families. Kontostephanos and Angelos reacted by plotting to overthrow Andronikos. The plot was discovered and Andronikos Kontostephanos was captured, whilst Angelos escaped. The Grand Duke Andronikos and his four sons were punished with blinding.
Legacy.
Due to his exploits, Andronikos is one of the few figures given heroic status in the works of the Byzantine historian Niketas Choniates.

</doc>
<doc id="18776195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776195" title="Sudden Brook">
Sudden Brook

Sudden Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates in to the north of Royton, Oldham and flows Northwards through Kirkholt and Sandbrook Park to join the River Roch at Sudden.
Tributaries.
Also flows from well'ith lane to the old Ashfield valley across the bottom (south) of
"The P streets" -Phillip St to Pullman St where it is known as Jackie Brook.
References.
http://www.rochdaleobserver.co.uk/news/s/515/515349_well_it_seemed_a_good_idea_at_the_time.html

</doc>
<doc id="18776197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776197" title="Jindřichohradecké místní dráhy">
Jindřichohradecké místní dráhy

Jindřichohradecké místní dráhy ("Jindřichův Hradec Local Railways") is the company which operates the narrow gauge railway lines from Jindřichův Hradec to Nová Bystřice and Obrataň in the Czech Republic. Both lines are gauge.
History.
The line to Nová Bystřice was opened on 1 November 1897 and the line to Obrataň followed on 24 December 1906.
Both lines were originally operated with steam locomotives and there were engine sheds at Jindřichův Hradec, Kamenice nad Lipou, Nova Bystřice und Obrataň. Soon after opening a goods service with roll-blocks was established.
Following the founding of Czechoslovakia the railway became part of ČSD in 1924 and during World War II they came under the control of the Deutsche Reichsbahn
In 1998 both lines were privatised and they are now owned and operated by JHMD.
Route.
Near Jindřichův Hradec there is a section of dual gauge track on the standard gauge České dráhy line between Veselí nad Lužnicí and Jihlava.
The maximum permitted speed today is 50 km/h and the steepest gradient is 26‰ near Kamenice nad Lipou.
Current operations.
Most trains consist of a diesel locomotive and one carriage. During the summer steam trains with historic carriages are operated for tourists.
Rolling stock.
Locomotives.
For the opening of the line to Nova Bystřice there were three 0-6-2 steam locomotives, like those used on the Murtalbahn. These were classified as class U (after Unzmarkt on the Murtalbahn) by the kkStB and were numbered U.1 - U.3. After the opening of the line to Obrataň in 1906 two more class U locomotives were acquired and numbered U.33 and U.34. In 1908 another locomotive, numbered U.41, was also acquired. After World War I only U.1, U.34 and U.41 remained in Jindřichův Hradec and in 1924 when ČSD took over the railway they were reclassified as U 37 and renumbered U 37.001, U 37.005 and U 37.006. ČSD bought three class U 47 Mallet locomotives and rented a further two identical locomotives for use on the lines.
A U 37 and a U 47 are used on the railway today for tourist trains. In addition to these a Romanian Reşiţa locomotive, numbered U 46.001 by JHMD, and a Polish Px48, now numbered U46.101, have been bought by JHMD for tourist trains.
From 1929 two ČSD class M 11.0 railcars, which were narrow gauge versions ČSD Class M 120.4, were introduced. In 1939 two further railcars, this time ČSD class M 21.0 were acquired. Railcar services continued until shortly after World War II. Railcar M 21.004 is currently at Čierny Balog on the Čierny Hron Railway.
Since 1955 traffic has mainly been handled by ČSD class T 47.0 diesel locomotives . In the 1970s more of these locomotives were transferred to Jindřichův Hradec when the Frýdlant–Heřmanice and Ružomberok–Korytnica narrow gauge railways were closed.
A PKP class Lxd2 locomotive, now numbered T 48.001, and a PKP class MBxd2, now numbered M 27.001, are also in use by JHMD.
Carriages.
At first two-axled carriages manufactured by Ringhoffer in Prague were used. In the 1960s several four-axled carriages originally from Saxony were brought to Jindřichův Hradec from the Frýdlant-Heřmanice Railway, where they had been used since 1945. These carriages remained in use until the end of the 1970s.
The class Balm/u carriages in use today were manufactured by ČKD in the 1960s. When they were built these were modern carriages with wooden benches, oil heating, fluorescent lights and toilets.
In the 1980s the last remaining two-axled carriages were used to form a museum train, which is used in summer for the tourist steam trains.
Goods wagons.
Goods traffic was originally carried in two-axled goods wagons, most of which were built by the Grazer Wagen- und Waggonfabrik AG (Graz Wagon Factory). Roll-blocks were introduced in 1906 and are still used today. The newest roll-blocks were built by Poprad Wagon Factory in the 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18776198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776198" title="Charleston, South Australia">
Charleston, South Australia

Charleston is a small town in the Adelaide Hills of South Australia. It is situated on the Onkaparinga Valley Road between Woodside and Mount Torrens, on the main route from the Adelaide Hills to the Barossa Valley. Most of the local businesses are on the Onkaparinga Valley Road, while the largest number of houses are on Newman Road.
Charleston is served by a community postal agency called the Bookpost which is also a bookshop, internet cafe and General Store.
Next to The Bookpost is the "Charleston Hotel" which enjoyed some national attention as one of the main props in a car advertisement, based on Slim Dusty's famous song "Answer to a Pub With No Beer".
Charleston is very close to the source of the River Onkaparinga and was named for its founder, Charles Dunn, a brother of the prominent miller John Dunn.

</doc>
<doc id="18776203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776203" title="Green Castle Airport">
Green Castle Airport

Green Castle airport is a private airport northwest of Iowa City, Iowa. It serves as a base for Green Castle Aero Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18776205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776205" title="Holmenkolbanen">
Holmenkolbanen

A/S Holmenkolbanen was a company that owned and operated part of the Oslo Tramway and Oslo Metro in Norway from 1898 until 1975 when services were taken over by the majority owner Oslo Sporveier. Holmenkolbanen opened the Holmenkoll Line in 1898, and expanded it to become the first Nordic underground railway in 1928. The company took over operations of the Smestad Line in 1933, the Sognsvann Line in 1934. The company was merged into Oslo Sporveier in 1992.
History.
The company was founded on 17 February 1896 by H. M. Heyerdahl and Albert Fenger Krog as the leading executives. The goal was to build a suburban tramway—the Holmenkoll Line—from the Holmenkollen neighborhood in northwestern Oslo to the end of the street tramway at Majorstuen. The line opened first to Besserud (at the time called Holmenkolen) on 31 May 1898 and then to Frognerseteren on 15 May 1916. The second part of the line was constructed by its subsidiary A/S Tryvandsbanen, and included a single track cargo line to Tryvandshøiden. It was established on 4 January 1912 and disestablished on 1 January 1920.
To offer direct services into the city center, the company started the construction a tunnel to the underground Nationaltheatret Station. Construction started in 1912, but had to stop in October 1914 after about thirty properties had received massive damage from the construction; some even had to be razed. A settlement was not reached until 1925, and construction started again in 1926, with the line opening on 28 June 1928. However, the real estate owners were not satisfied with the settlement and it ended in court, with the property owners gaining additional claims.
The cost of the tunnel was too high for the company to bear, and by 1932 it could not handle its interest. To save the company, the municipal owned Akersbanerne agreed to a merger between A/S Holmenkolbanen and two of Akersbanerne's three lines—the Smestad Line and the under construction Sognsvann Line that would both share the tunnel into the center, with the transaction taking place on 16 November 1933.
In 1942 the Kolsås Line was rebuilt to terminate through the Smestad Line, and in 1944 the owner Bærumsbanen was bought by Oslo Sporveier. After the municipal merger between Aker and Oslo on 1 January 1948, the two municipal tram companies Akersbanerne and Oslo Sporveier merged; due to this the operation of all the four western lines were collected in A/S Holmenkolbanen. Operation was transferred to Oslo Sporveier on 1 August 1975, after it had bough almost all the shares in the company, and it had been delisted from the Oslo Stock Exchange. A/S Holmenkolbanen remained a separate company until 6 May 1992, when it was fully merged with Oslo Sporveier.

</doc>
<doc id="18776217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776217" title="Florian Skilang Temengil">
Florian Skilang Temengil

Florian Skilang Temengil (born November 4, 1986) is a Palauan wrestler at Newman University in Wichita, Kansas. Skilang competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China in the freestyle wrestling. He lost his bout to Ottó Aubéli of Hungary 0-6, 1-7. However, he managed to score the first ever point to Palauan Olympic wrestlers, since his countryman John Tarkong Jr. had failed to score any points four years earlier, as would his countryman Elgin Loren Elwais in Greco-Roman -55kg catecory. 

</doc>
<doc id="18776220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776220" title="Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Emdeber">
Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Emdeber

The Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Emdibir () is an eparchy located in the town of Emdibir in the Ecclesiastical province of Addis Abeba in Ethiopia.
Emdibir Eparchy.
Emdibir Eparchy is a new Eparchy established in late November 2003 and became the third Eparchy of the Ethiopian Catholic Church in the country. The Eparchy is established as a result of long year’s presence and service in the area. It is located in Southern West of Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia, covering 2 Zones, namely: Guraghe Zone of the Southern Nations and Nationalities People’s Regional state /SNNPRS/ and some part of South – Western Shoa Zone of Oromiya Regional State. It borders to the North West by Western Shoa Zone of Oromiya Regional State, to the south by Hadiya and Kembata Timbaro Zones of SNNPRS, to the East by Silte Zone of SNNPRS, and to the west by Gibe River. The total land area of the diocese is about 12,000 square kilometers with an estimated population of 4 million. The major ethnic groups are Guraghe and Oromo’s with a variety of minority ethnic communities.
Emdibir Catholic Secretariat (EmCS).
Emdibir Catholic Secretariat (EmCS) was established in April 2004 with the mandate to coordinate and facilitate all Pastoral, Social and Development activities of the Catholic Church in the Eparchy of Emdibir. The overall goal and objective of EmCS is promoting “Human Integral Development” which implies the development of people both materially and spiritually.
The Secretariat has two main wings /Departments under it. One is the Pastoral Activities Co-Coordinating wing, which deals with Pastoral activities of the Church in general. The other wing is the Social and Development Coordination wing, which mainly deals with the Socio- economic and Development promotion activities of the Church within the jurisdiction of the Eparchy. The Secretariat Office is now well equipped by qualified professional personnel to discharge its duties and responsibilities in Pastoral activities and promoting Socio- economic Development activities of the Church for the Communities / Societies in the Eparchy.

</doc>
<doc id="18776226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776226" title="Indian Four">
Indian Four

The Indian Four was a motorcycle built by the Indian Company from 1928 to 1942. It was based on the Ace motorcycle, which Indian bought as part of the assets of the Ace Motor Corporation in 1927.
For 1940, the Four frame was modified to include plunger rear suspension. In the same year, all Indian models were restyled with large, decorative fenders.
The Four was discontinued with the rest of civilian production in 1942 and was not returned to production after World War II ended.
History.
Indian purchased the ownership of the name, rights, and production facilities of the Ace Motor Corporation in 1927. Production was moved to Springfield and the motorcycle was marketed as the Indian Ace for one year.
In 1928, the Indian Ace was replaced by the Indian 401, a development of the Ace designed by Arthur O. Lemon, former Chief Engineer at Ace, who was employed by Indian when they bought Ace. The Ace's leading-link forks and central coil spring were replaced by Indian's trailing-link forks and quarter-elliptic leaf spring.
By 1929, the Indian 402 would have a stronger twin-downtube frame based on that of the 101 Scout and a sturdier five-bearing crankshaft than the Ace, which had a three-bearing crankshaft.
Despite the low demand for luxury motorcycles during the Great Depression, Indian not only continued production of the Four, but continued to develop the motorcycle. One of the less popular versions of the Four was the "upside down" engine on the 1936-1937 models. While earlier (and later) Fours had inlet-over-exhaust (IOE) cylinder heads with overhead inlet valves and side exhaust valves, the 1936-1937 Indian Four had a unique EOI cylinder head, with the positions reversed. In theory, this would improve fuel vaporization, and the new engine was more powerful. However, the new system made the cylinder head, and the rider's inseam, very hot. This, along with an exhaust valvetrain that required frequent adjustment, caused sales to drop. The addition of dual carburetors in 1937 did not revive interest. The design was returned to the original configuration in 1938.
For 1940, the Four frame was modified to include plunger rear suspension. In the same year, all Indian models were restyled with large, decorative fenders. In 1941, the 18-inch wheels of previous models were replaced with 16-inch wheels with balloon tires.
The Indian Four was discontinued in 1942.
Legacy.
Recognition of the historical significance of the 1940 four-cylinder model was made with an August 2006 United States Postal Service 39-cent stamp issue, part of a four panel set entitled "American Motorcycles". A 1941 model is part of the Smithsonian Motorcycle Collection on display at the National Museum of American History.

</doc>
<doc id="18776238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776238" title="Norton Hill School">
Norton Hill School

Norton Hill School is a state school with academy status in Midsomer Norton, Somerset, England. It was formerly the Midsomer Norton Grammar School.
The school had 1,535 students from the age of 11 to 18 . It is situated in the Norton Hill area of west Midsomer Norton, north of Radstock. It is between Silver Street (B3355) and Fosseway (A367) near the former Midsomer Norton railway station, being nearer to Silver Street and just east of the railway centre.
History.
Grammar school.
Some of the current school buildings date back to its original foundation as Midsomer Norton Grammar School in 1911.
In the 1950s, Midsomer Norton Grammar School teacher David Penrose and pupils from the school explored the newly discovered Hillier's Cave in the Mendip Hills, naming it after Gordon Hillier, headmaster at the school from 1926 to 1958.
Comprehensive.
Norton Hill became a comprehensive school in September 1970. Secondary Modern schools at Paulton and Timsbury were also closed and their catchment areas and historical documentation transferred to Norton Hill.
In 1999, it gained specialist school status as a Technology College. In 2007, the specialism was changed to Maths and Computing College. In 2006, Norton Hill was awarded a second specialism as a Language College.
The school has received both the Sportsmark Award by Sport England and Artsmark Silver Award.
Academic performance.
The school was described by Ofsted in 2007 as outstanding in every respect.
Its GCSE results place it seventh overall and fourth in the state schools in Bath and North East Somerset. At A-Level it is 12th in the area for points per pupil score, just below the average. Despite enjoying a few years of success, in 2013 Norton Hill's OFSTED rating was dropped from 'outstanding' to 'good'.

</doc>
<doc id="18776246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776246" title="Elgin Loren Elwais">
Elgin Loren Elwais

Elgin Loren Elwais (born May 3, 1985) is a Palauan wrestler. Elwais participated in his first Olympic Games at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. Elwais stands out from past Paluan Olympians by being the first sportsperson from his country to qualify for the Olympics based on his own merit.
Elwais was the official flag bearer for the Palau Olympic delegation at the 2008 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony in Beijing on August 8, 2008. He competed in the 55kg class in Greco-Roman wrestling, losing his only match to Hamid Sourian of Iran.
Elwais currently lives in Susanville, California.

</doc>
<doc id="18776261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776261" title="Into the Night (Son of Sam album)">
Into the Night (Son of Sam album)

Into the Night is the second album by horror punk band Son of Sam.

</doc>
<doc id="18776269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776269" title="Chapel Royal, Brighton">
Chapel Royal, Brighton

The Chapel Royal is an 18th-century place of worship in the centre of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove. Built as a chapel of ease, it became one of Brighton's most important churches, gaining its own parish and becoming closely associated with the Prince Regent and fashionable Regency-era society. It remains an active church.
History.
In the 18th century, Brighton was a small town based on a declining fishing industry and still suffering the effects of damage caused by the Great Storm of 1703. Its population in the middle of the century was approximately 2,000. Its fortunes improved after a doctor from nearby Lewes, Richard Russell, wrote a treatise encouraging the use of seawater as a cure for illness, in particular glandular swellings. He recommended bathing in the sea and drinking the water at Brighton. This form of medical therapy became popular, and helped make the town a fashionable place to visit. Brighton became increasingly popular throughout the rest of the century, but received its next significant boost when the Prince Regent, son of King George III, made his first visit in 1783. By 1786 he had a home in the town—a rented farmhouse near the Old Steine, inland from the coast—and he later commissioned the architect John Nash to build a palace, the Royal Pavilion, for him on the site. The Prince was an infrequent churchgoer, and Brighton's only Anglican church, St Nicholas, was a long way from his home and up a steep hill. Furthermore, the ever-increasing number of visitors and residents caused overcrowding in the church. In 1789 the new Vicar of Brighton, Revd Thomas Hudson, decided to resolve these problems by building a new chapel near the Prince's house. He hoped to encourage the Prince to attend, and thereby worship more often than he had in the past, and considered that a more central chapel would relieve the pressure on the parish church.
The Prince was happy with the arrangement, agreeing to rent a pew and lay the foundation stone. A ceremony took place on 25 November 1793 at the corner of North Street and the newly built and named Prince's Place. Construction work, overseen by a builder named Bodle and to the design of London-based architect Thomas Saunders, lasted a year. The Prince and his wife of four months, Caroline of Brunswick, attended the inaugural service on 3 August 1795.
Revd Hudson owned and ran the chapel himself at first, opening it only during the peak seasons when Brighton was at its busiest. In 1803 it became the official chapel of ease to St Nicholas' Church when he obtained a private Act of Parliament formalising this. Among other things, this Act allowed Hudson, in his position as Vicar of Brighton, and his successors in that role, to appoint a perpetual curate for the chapel, and to fund a stipend of £115 (at 1803 prices) by the rental of pews. Of the pew spaces in the church, only 224 had to be provided free—the others could be "auctioned"—and visitors with no pew of their own could be charged an admission fee of 1/-. In return, the curate's responsibilities included paying for a clerk and the sacramental bread and wine used at Communion, and funding maintenance of the building. Many later chapels of ease in Brighton and Hove had similar Acts passed for them, imposing similar conditions.
Soon after becoming a formal chapel of ease, the Chapel Royal was consecrated by the Bishop of Chichester, John Buckner. However, by that date (16 August 1803), the Prince Regent was no longer worshipping there. His attendance became infrequent soon after the chapel was built, and he eventually stopped worshipping there when a sermon, said to have been on the topic of immorality, offended him. (Sources differ on who preached the sermon, thought to have been entitled "Thou art the man".) Other members of the Royal Family occasionally visited the chapel later, however; the last recorded attendance was by Princess Augusta Sophia, the Prince Regent's sister, in 1840. Later in the 19th century, two future British Prime Ministers were regular worshippers at the chapel. William Ewart Gladstone attended whenever he visited Brighton, and Winston Churchill attended between 1883 and 1885 when he was a pupil at a local school.
The ownership of the chapel passed to various curates until Revd Thomas Trocke, formerly of St Nicholas' Church, became perpetual curate in 1834. He stayed until his retirement in 1875, seeing the chapel taking charge of its own district for the first time in 1873 when the parish structure in Brighton was reorganised. The building was closed for eight months in 1876 and 1877 for internal structural repairs and reordering. Architect Arthur Blomfield was responsible for the changes, which cost £2,700. Soon afterwards, in 1880, demolition of houses facing North Street revealed the southern face of the chapel for the first time: until then, only the east elevation (facing Prince's Place) could be seen. Blomfield produced a design for a completely new exterior, including a tower in the southeast corner at the junction of the two streets. The work was completed in two parts—the new south face first, then the remodelled east elevation in 1896—and cost £1,200.
The chapel gained its own full parish for the first time in 1896, at which point the ownership of the church was transferred to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. By this time, however, the residential population of central Brighton was declining rapidly as the streets making up the parish became more commerce– and retail–focused. Three proposals had been made by 1930 to incorporate the unparished Holy Trinity Church in nearby Ship Street into the Chapel Royal's parish, in order to expand it and make it more viable. These were all resisted, however, and by the mid-20th century the local population was so low that the parish was instead merged with that of St Peter's Church at the top of Old Steine. Legally, this took effect from 25 July 1978 by means of an Order in Council. The Chapel Royal again became a separate parish in July 2009 after the legal redundancy of St. Peters Church. Services became irregular, and one aisle of the chapel was converted into a Christian bookshop. However, the closure of the Holy Trinity church in 1984 resulted in additional services being provided for the displaced congregation, and a regular schedule of services is now in operation. Alterations and a reconfiguration of the church interior in the bicentennial year (1995) completed the transition from a parish church, focusing on the population of a specific locality, to a "city church" open to the whole community and meeting the spiritual needs of the permanent and transient population of Brighton.
Architecture.
The original chapel was a stuccoed building in a broadly Classical style, with rounded sash windows and a pediment with the Prince's coat of arms. A row of Doric columns flanked the entrance. Inside there were galleries on each wall, supported by decorated columns. The gallery above the altar contained the organ, and there was a tall, highly decorated pulpit. The alterations of 1876–1877 removed the gallery above the altar and added a chancel, separated from the nave by an iron rood screen, new pulpit and lectern.
The rebuilding of the exterior in 1882–1883 (south elevation) and 1896 (east elevation), prompted by the demolition of buildings adjacent to the south side of the chapel to allow North Street to be widened, involved replacing the stucco with red brick, enlarging the pediment and giving the new south elevation a similar appearance. It is neither as tall nor as long as the east side (facing Prince's Place), and has no pediment, but was otherwise very similar until the alterations of 1995 changed the entrance area and added more glass to make more of the interior visible from the street. The most significant feature of Arthur Blomfield's work on the exterior was the tall, red-brick clock tower. This has some flintwork and a hipped slate roof. The tower has four clock faces, each in a terracotta insert.
The chapel today.
The main weekly service at the Chapel Royal is held on Sundays at 11:00am. Other services are held on Saturdays, Tuesdays and Thursdays. There has been a long musical tradition at the chapel; concerts have been held right from the beginning, and continue to be a regular feature, usually on Tuesdays. A coffee shop, run jointly by parishioners from the Chapel Royal and St Peter's Church on behalf of local charities, operates every Saturday. The building is also a venue for regular Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, as part of the chapel's pastoral responsibility to help people in the city who face difficulties in their lives.
The chapel was listed at Grade II* on 30 July 1992. As of February 2001, it was one of 70 Grade II*-listed buildings and structures, and 1,218 listed buildings of all grades, in the city of Brighton and Hove.
External conservation repairs.
Repairs were carried out in 2012 by HMDW Architects and PAYE Stonework, due to unsafe, falling brickwork, particularly due to Freeze-thaw erosion in the cold winter of 2009. The scope of work included terracotta replacement across the south elevation and tower, areas of repointing in lime mortar, replacement of steel lintels in the south elevation and the installation of a lightning conductor.
The conservation project received the King of Prussia Gold Medal in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18776289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776289" title="David Payne">
David Payne

David Payne may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776303" title="Tatiana Martinez">
Tatiana Martinez

Tatiana Martinez is a Mexican actress, best known for her role as Úrsula in the Nickelodeon sitcom Skimo.
Martinez was born in Mexico City on October 22.
In addition to four seasons of Skimo, Martinez has participated in "Lucho en Familia", "XY", "Capadocia" three TV movies "Profugas del Destino, "Vuélveme a Querer" and "Bellezas Indomables", three movies: "Como no te voy a querer," "Todos los días son tuyos", "La niña en la Piedra" . She has acted in multiple episodes of the series "Lo que Callamos las Mujeres", "Cada quien su santo", "La vida es una canción", and "Lo que la gente cuenta".
She has studied theater since the age of four.

</doc>
<doc id="18776312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776312" title="National Risk Register">
National Risk Register

The National Risk Register is a report released by the Cabinet Office in August 2008 as part of the British government's National Security Strategy. It provides an official government assessment of significant potential risks to the United Kingdom. 
The National Risk Register divides risks into three main categories: natural events, major accidents and malicious attacks. It evaluates a number of risks under each of these headings, rated by relative impact and relative likelihood, and discusses the measures currently in place to deal with each of these. 
It also discusses measures that can be put in place by both individuals and organizations to mitigate the effects of civil disuption.

</doc>
<doc id="18776316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776316" title="Tapper (disambiguation)">
Tapper (disambiguation)

Tapper is a 1983 arcade game released by Bally Midway.
Tapper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776323" title="Von Graefe knife">
Von Graefe knife

The von Graefe knife was a tool used to make corneal incisions in cataract surgery. Use of the knife demanded a high level of skill and mastery, and was eventually supplanted by modifications of cataract surgery through the Kelman phacoemulsification technique that emphasized a small incision.
History.
Until the acceptability of the keratome-and-scissors method after the early 1940s, an essential part of cataract surgery was mastery of the von Graefe knife. With increased popularity of sutures—especially pre-placed scleral groove (McLean) sutures, it became difficult for the occasional surgeon to develop the skill required to make an acceptable von Graefe incision. If the surgeon was not ambidextrous, the use of the von Graefe knife might be even more difficult with the non-dominant hand. With his right hand, he introduced the knife into the anterior chamber of the right eye at 9. He would then perforate the limbal area at 3. An upward sweep was then made to complete the incision. Most frequently, there was no conjunctival flap. However, some especially skilled eye surgeons formed a conjunctival flap as they were completing the upward sweep. Normally, the ambidextrous von Graefe surgeon would switch to his left hand so that he could enter the left eye at 3 and exit at 9. If he used his dominant right hand for the left eye, the nose became an impediment when he attempted to enter the eye at 9 and attempted to counter perforate at 3. Often, poor results could have been prevented by the use of post-placed sutures. Unfortunately, in the early years of cataract surgery, suitable sutures and needles were not in the armamentarium of many cataract surgeons. 
In the 1980s, with the ever-increasing popularity of the Kelman phacoemulsification technique that emphasized a small incision and extra-capsular cataract extraction (ECCE), the keratome-and-scissors, large incision surgery technique combined with intracapsular cataract extraction (ICCE) became obsolete, although the use of the von Graefe knife still continued in India. Sutures had limited if any use in routine cataract surgery for the high-volume most experienced and skilled eye surgeons in the world. Their experience and skill resulted in the outstanding rural cataract camps so common in India. Formally trained Indian ophthalmologists were and are among the deftest in the use of the von Graefe knife. Ultraviolet-rich India with its vast rural and underclass population afflicted with nutritional eye diseases combined with a multitude of public health problems was and still is the “Land of Eye Disease and Eye Surgery“. Few Western ophthalmologists have the daily volume of eye pathology and eye surgery that faces their Indian counterparts. 
It is possible for an eye to recover from an intracapsular cataract operation that entailed a 170 to 180 degree superior corneal or limbal incision without the closure of the incisional wound by means of sutures. Recovery was significantly dependent on the quality of a well-made von Graefe knife incision with a well-honed and well-maintained knife. Unlike keratome-and-scissors incision, a well-performed von Graefe knife maneuver produced a corneal or limbal incision with well-opposed edges that resulted in rapid healing and a scar that was almost invisible to the naked eye. However, a poorly made von Graefe knife incision could lead to horrendous disasters.
Dr. Charles Kelman’s revolutionary modifications of cataract surgery through phacoemulsification eliminated the use of the von Graefe knife—a "bête noire" for many earlier aspirants seeking to be skilled cataract surgeons.

</doc>
<doc id="18776332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776332" title="Roger Mynors">
Roger Mynors

Sir Roger Aubrey Baskerville Mynors (1903–1989) was a British classical scholar.
Mynors was educated at Summer Fields School, Oxford and won a scholarship to Eton, where he won the Newcastle Scholarship in 1922. At Eton and Balliol, he was a friend of Cyril Connolly. He was Hertford and Craven Scholar, and became a Fellow of Balliol in 1926. In 1944, he became Kennedy Professor of Latin at Cambridge University and in 1953 became Professor at Oxford. 
He was a member of the Literary Committee for the New English Bible and worked on a new edition of Bede's Ecclesiastical History and various Latin translations. In 1963, he was knighted and in 1966 became president of the Classical Association. He was an expert on ancient church manuscripts. He was an honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society and received honorary degrees from many universities in Britain and at the University of Toronto. 
Personal life.
Mynors married Lavinia Alington, daughter of Cyril Alington, headmaster of Eton and Dean of Durham, and sister of Giles Alington, a Fellow of University College, Oxford. 
Roger Mynors was killed in a car crash at the age of 86. ""He had been working on his catalogue of the manuscripts in Hereford Cathedral Library, and was driving back to Treago, his country home at St Weonards near the Welsh border. As he left the cathedral he was heard to say that he had had a good day"".
Mynors' brother Humphrey became a baronet.

</doc>
<doc id="18776334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776334" title="John Caglione, Jr.">
John Caglione, Jr.

John Caglione, Jr. (born c. 1958) is a make-up artist. He won an Academy Award for Best Makeup for his work in "Dick Tracy" (shared with Doug Drexler) and was nominated for "The Dark Knight". Starting in the business at age 15, he met Dick Smith, who in his opinion was the greatest makeup artist ever. Starting out in New York City, he did the make-up for the cast members of "Saturday Night Live" from 1976-1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18776335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776335" title="Emil Abossolo-Mbo">
Emil Abossolo-Mbo

Emil Abossolo M'Bo (born 29 August 1958) is a Cameroonian-French television, theatre and film actor who has played in French, African and American productions.
Personal life.
Abossolo was born in Yaoundé, the capital city of Cameroon. His father took him to the movies theatre when he was six years old. Since that day acting has been his passion. Abossolo has been living in France for over twenty years now.
He has a son named Akeva.
Career.
Abossolo is a multi-lingual actor. He speaks five languages (English, French, Spanish, Portuguese and his native language Beti). His career started on stage, where he played "Hamlet", "Titus Andronicus" and "La Tragédie du Roi Christophe".
He starred in several French television shows such as "La Brigade des Mineurs" and "Plus Belle la Vie".
Internationally he is mostly known for his appearances in the television show "", "Queen of Swords", or "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles".
More recently, Emil has been playing in African productions.
He played in "Ezra" the movie that received the 2007 Stallion of Yennenga at the Panafrican Film and Television Festival of Ouagadougou in Burkina Faso, West Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18776337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776337" title="Beunans Meriasek">
Beunans Meriasek

Beunans Meriasek is a Cornish play completed in 1504. Its subject is the legends of the life of Saint Meriasek or Meriadoc, patron saint of Camborne, whose veneration was popular in Cornwall, Brittany, and elsewhere. It was written in the Cornish language, probably written around the same time and in the same place as "Beunans Ke", the only other extant Cornish play taking a saint's life as its subject.
Outline.
The legend of Meriasek, son of a Duke of Brittany, who, for love of the priestly profession, refused marriage with a wealthy princess and led the life of a miracle-working hermit, first in Cornwall and afterwards in his native land; the legend of Saint Sylvester, who healed the Emperor Constantine of leprosy by a dip in the baptismal font, and then aided him in establishing Christianity throughout his broad dominion; and the curious legend of a mother who, on the Virgin's continued disregard of her prayer for the deliverance of a son in captivity, carried off the Christ Child from the arms of the Virgin's statue, and refused to yield up the baby to the Madonna until her own son was restored to her.

</doc>
<doc id="18776339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776339" title="LeRoy Sprankle">
LeRoy Sprankle

LeRoy Sprankle (June 11, 1894 - September 25, 1972) was a high school sports coach and athletics advocate in Eastern Tennessee and South Florida. Often referred to as the ""Father of East Tennessee Sports"", he had several notable accomplishments during his tenured career including: helping to standardize high school officiating in the state of Tennessee, pioneering interstate and international high school sports competition, and most notably, coaching several would-be prominent figures in American and sports history.
Early life.
LeRoy Sprankle was born on June 11, 1894 in Beach City, OH. He was the older brother of Dale R. Sprankle, who would also become famous as a college athletics coach and athletics director in Michigan. At the age of sixteen, his family moved to Canton, OH where he graduated from high school and first became involved in athletics. He then attended Mount Union College and competed in baseball, basketball, and football while completing a degree in mathematics. In 1918 Sprankle was drafted into the First World War, and served as a Second Lieutenant at Camp Gordon in Georgia. After Armistice, he resumed civilian life as the general manager of the Canton Independents professional basketball team. It was around this time that he became affiliated with the Canton Bulldogs professional football team and became good friends with several early football "legends", most notably Jim Thorpe.
Coaching career.
While at Kingsport, he became known for taking a keen interest in helping his players and students, many of whom went on to become noted for their life achievements. Over the course of the ten seasons that Sprankle coached football at the school, he compiled an 80-38-9 record, including a 193-0 victory over Norton High School from Virginia in 1926, one of the largest margins of victory in American football at any level. His track team won 3 state championships in 11 years, and he amassed a 117-61 record in baseball. Most notably, Sprankle's basketball team was a pioneer in interstate competition. At a time when it was rare to play games out of state, his team traveled annually across the state of Florida and the rest of the Southeast. In 1940, as part of the annual Florida trip, his team played a series of exhibition games in Cuba, one of the only high school sports teams ever to do so. Overall, Coach Sprankle's basketball team at Dobyns-Bennett High School went 401-142, winning 18 championships.
In 1943, he and his family were forced to move to South Florida for health-related reasons. Nevertheless he continued to coach, at Redlands High School in south Dade County, until 1953 when the school combined with Homestead High School. While retired from coaching, he worked with the new South Dade High School as business manager until he completely retired in 1964. LeRoy Sprankle died in Homestead, FL in 1972 at the age of 78, he was survived by his wife Jess, and his children, Rita and Dale. At his funeral, Bobby Dodd sent his remorse in a message that read: 
Coach Sprankle became a second father to me and to hundreds of others like me... Yes, I believe that LeRoy Sprankle has had more influence on the lives of the young people of Kingsport than any other person. I am sure he did, and I will always be grateful for the help he gave me.
Since his death, the city of Kingsport, TN has named a day in his honor. The gymnasium at the former Dobyns-Bennett High School (now John Sevier Middle School) was also dedicated after him.

</doc>
<doc id="18776354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776354" title="Alfred Edmond Bourgeois">
Alfred Edmond Bourgeois

Alfred Edmond Bourgeois (born October 26, 1872 in Cocagne, New Brunswick, Canada-died January 24, 1939) was a pberal Party to represent the riding of Kent. He ran in the Kent by-election in 1923 and 1930 but was defeated in both.

</doc>
<doc id="18776357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776357" title="National Security Strategy (United Kingdom)">
National Security Strategy (United Kingdom)

The UK government's current National Security Strategy was published in October 2010, titled "A Strong Britain in an Age of Uncertainty". It outlines threats facing the United Kingdom, and defences against these threats. It emphasises the risks posed by terrorism, cyberwarfare, international military crises, and natural disasters.
A previous national security strategy, 'The National Security Strategy of the United Kingdom: Security in an interdependent world', was released by the Cabinet Office in March 2008. This was updated in 2009, under the heading 'Security for the Next Generation'.
Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy.
The Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy has the terms of reference are "to consider the National Security Strategy". The committee comprises 12 members from the House of Commons and 10 members of the House of Lords.
The Committee published its first report "First review of the National Security Strategy 2010" on 8 March 2012. The report addresses the National Security Strategy, the National Security Council (and the secretariat which supports it), and the National Security Adviser. It was agreed unanimously. The Committee welcomed the National Security Strategy but said that it was work in progress and needed to be improved. In a press release sent out with the report it said that:
It also said that the Government's unwillingness to provide it with all the information it had asked for about the National Security Risk Assessment means that it was unable to give Parliament any assurances about its adequacy.
2011 Update to the National Security Strategy.
The National Security Strategy promised an "annual report of progress on implementation" of the National Security Strategy and Strategic Defence and Security Review. The annual progress report was eventually published in December 2011 as "The Strategic Defence and Security Review: First Annual Report". It focuses on the Government implementation of the SDSR, for example progress in reducing defence capabilities and bringing troops back from Germany. There is some coverage of recent events, for example the conflict Libya, work in Afghanistan and the deaths of Osama Bin Laden and Anwar Al Awlaki. It also looks at domestic issues such as the new CONTEST and Prevent strategies, and security for the Olympics. It reports on developments in the FCO network and the DFID aid programme and there is also an update on the UK’s alliances.
However the Joint Committee criticised the document for being "almost unrelentingly positive".
It noted that it contains no details on areas where there have been delays or problems, even where those have been very high profile and that it contained no lessons learned, not even those already set out in other government papers.
2012 Update to the National Security Strategy.
In December 2012 the Government published the 2012 update titled Annual report on the National Security Strategy and Strategic Defence and Security Review. The 2012 Update was over twice as long as the 2011 version and covered a much wider range of topics than the 2011 report, including details on the NSS, the SDSR and a range of security threats and challenges facing the UK.
The Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy published a press release in which the Chair of the Committee said:
"We welcome this year's Annual report on the National Security Strategy and Strategic Defence and Security Review which is much broader and more wide-ranging than last year's report. However we regret the fact that it is not yet as complete, transparent, and strategic as it could be. We hope the Government will take the opportunity in next year's report to focus more on the strategic aspects of events; for example this year's report ignores the strategic impact of the Eurozone crisis. It also glosses over other problems the Government has encountered this year. Omitting altogether difficulties such as the numerous problems there have been with Border Security in the last year fools no-one."

</doc>
<doc id="18776364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776364" title="Lê Mai">
Lê Mai

Lê Mai (1940 – June 12, 1996) was a distinguished Vietnamese diplomat who served as a member of the Central Committee of the Vietnamese Communist Party and as Deputy Foreign Minister of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam until his death.
Le Mai played a major role in improving post-war relations between Vietnam and the United States, and in Vietnam's post-war foreign policy. Mai was born in central Vietnam in 1940 and served as a junior member of Vietnam's negotiating team at the Paris Peace Talks. After the war ended he served successively as deputy director and director of the Press and Information Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Hanoi and Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs (1984-1986), then as Ambassador to Thailand (1986-1989), before being named Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs (1990). In 1994 he joined the Central Committee of the Vietnamese Communist Party.
Upon his death, in an unusual move, the United States State Department noted Mr. Mai's "instrumental role" in "the ongoing process of normalizing the relationship between the United States and Vietnam," and called his death "untimely and tragic." The State Department noted that Mr. Mai was "a highly regarded diplomat and friend to many Americans."
In Vietnam, Mr. Mai was a leader in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, well-known among other matters for his penetrating talks on international affairs delivered to colleagues and younger officials in the early 1990s, which have now been published in Hanoi.

</doc>
<doc id="18776373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776373" title="Georgia Middleman">
Georgia Middleman

Georgia Leigh Middleman (born December 27, 1967 in Houston, Texas) is an American country singer. Middleman sang from age ten at the Texas Star Inn in San Antonio, and began writing songs shortly thereafter. She sold recordings of her first song, There's a Rainbow in Everybody's Heart, on her elementary school playground. In her teens, she opened in concert for Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard, and collaborated with Dick Wagner at age 17. After graduating from high school, she attended New York University on a theater scholarship, and worked on Off-Broadway shows and as a songwriter.
Following her schooling, she moved to Los Angeles in hopes of starting a career in acting, but by 1992 she had moved to Nashville to pursue music. She worked odd jobs and played locally before taking a job as a songwriter for Polygram Records in 1997. Soon after she was overheard by the president of Giant Records at a local show, who signed her. The label released her debut in 2001, after she had scored two country radio hits in the U.S..
Middleman also co-wrote Radney Foster's 1998 single "I'm In," which was later released as a single by The Kinleys in 2000 and Keith Urban in 2009. She also co-wrote Tracy Lawrence's 2004 single "It's All How You Look at It" and Sarah Buxton's 2006 debut single "Innocence."
Middleman is a member of Blue Sky Riders, a country music trio also featuring Kenny Loggins and Gary Burr. They released their debut album, "Finally Home", on January 29, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18776384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776384" title="National Society of Black Physicists">
National Society of Black Physicists

The National Society of Black Physicists (NSBP) was established in 1977 to promote the professional well-being of African Diaspora physicists and physics students within the international scientific community and the world community at large.
Brief history.
The Society of Black Physicists was inaugurated on Thursday, April 28, 1977 at Morgan State University with Drs. Walter Massey and James Davenport serving respectively as interim president and secretary-treasurer. In 1978 at Morehouse College the Society formally elected its first officers, and later the society was renamed the National Society of Black Physicists. Not long after the 1978 meeting, a Constitution and Bylaws were written which called for the election to two-year terms of the following officers: President, President-Elect/Past- President, Treasurer, Administrative Executive Officer, and Technical Executive Officer.
Mission.
The organization seeks to develop and support efforts to increase opportunities for African Americans in physics and to increase their numbers and visibility of their scientific work. It also seeks to develop activities and programs that highlight and enhance the benefits of the scientific contributions that African American physicists provide for the international community. The society seeks to raise the general knowledge and appreciation of physics in the African American community.
NSBP has an active Pre-college Programs Committee that participates in outreach events at local elementary schools in tandem with NSBP's annual conference.
Activities.
The organization holds its annual conference in February. More recently, it has jointly held these conferences with the National Society of Hispanic Physicists. Attendance at these conferences is upwards of 500 persons, drawing people from all over the world, from Kenya to California. This conference has a cutting-edge scientific program as well as a student professional development program that includes mentor-protégé match-making and a recruiting fair.
Throughout its history NSBP has had an active interest in physics related activities outside of the United States. Twenty years ago under the leadership of the late Nobel Laureate, Abdus Salam, and the late Charles Brown, several NSBP members organized the Edward Bouchet-Abdus Salam Institute (EBASI). EBASI (1) provides mechanisms for synergistic scientific and technical collaborations between African and American physical scientists, engineers, and technologists, (2) enhances the impact of science and technology on the sustainable development of the countries on the African continent, and (3) increases the technical manpower pool working in Africa today by facilitating the training of Ph.D. students from African universities. More recently, through a program funded by the Kellogg Foundation NSBP will assist South Africa in its efforts to increase the number of Black astronomers and astrophysicists and to build capacity in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="18776401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776401" title="Bill Dollar">
Bill Dollar

William Everett Dollar (August 22, 1950 - November 21, 1996) was a radio host for 16 years on country music station WSOC-FM in Charlotte, North Carolina, a weather reporter on WSOC-TV, and the host of the syndicated program "NASCAR Country", carried by over 300 stations at the time of his death. Bill Dollar was the number one DJ in Charlotte for seven years, according to Arbitron.
Early life.
Dollar was born in Humboldt, Tennessee to Dick, a farmer, and Pauline, an English teacher. When he was a boy he would play with crystal radio sets and homemade transmitters. As a teenager he would hang around a local radio station, and eventually he was given the chance to play records on the air for 90 cents an hour. He also operated the control board for University of Tennessee football broadcasts.
Professional career.
Later, Dollar worked at other radio stations, eventually moving up to larger cities such as Memphis, Tennessee and Birmingham, Alabama. He was music director at WGST in Atlanta, Georgia when that station changed to news radio.
In 1979, Dollar applied to the Federal Communications Commission for a frequency allocated to Boone, North Carolina. While waiting for his application to be approved, he moved to Shelbyville, Tennessee and served as morning host and sales manager, but decided he would be better off working for someone else rather than being his own boss. WSOC-FM in Charlotte, North Carolina was advertising for a morning DJ in "Broadcasting and Cable Magazine". Dollar applied, but the job went to another applicant.
By 1982, Dollar had surpassed Robert Murphy as the most popular DJ in town, and he held this position for the next seven years. He did this without making fun of The PTL Club, a favorite target of radio DJs in the area, even when the show's scandal became national news.
In October 1989 after three nominations, Dollar received the Broadcast Personality of the Year award (medium markets) from the Country Music Association.
In Fall 1989, Dollar returned to the no. 1 position after John Boy and Billy replaced him in the summer, a ratings period during which the market's top station lost to WPEG.
In August 1994, Dollar had been WSOC's morning host for 14 years, the longest of anyone in Charlotte. But Dollar's ratings with 25-54 listeners were way down, and he returned from vacation, on his 44th birthday, to find he had been moved to middays, replaced in the morning by Paul Schadt and Cindy O'Day. Program director Paul Johnson said the change would attract more younger listeners with "a more contemporary face" and "energy, entertainment and fun." The station tried to claim Dollar asked for the change, but he would not confirm that.
Dollar appeared as an announcer in two movies, "Stroker Ace" in 1983, and "Bandit Goes Country" in 1994.
Death.
On November 21, 1996, Dollar died as the result of a head-on collision with a pickup truck on N.C. Highway 279 south of Gastonia after he swerved into the pickup's path. Fans left flowers at the station and posted messages on the station's web site. Johnson said, "Bill worked here a long time. The value of the companionship he established with our audience was deep enough so that we wanted to pay respect to what he meant to WSOC and its listeners." General Tom Sadler, executive director of Speedway Children's Charities, called Dollar "one of the great talents in radio and NASCAR." One of the most requested songs was "Rose Colored Glasses" by John Conlee, Dollar's favorite.

</doc>
<doc id="18776405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776405" title="Kezie Ibe">
Kezie Ibe

Kezieh Ibe (born 6 December 1982) is an English footballer who plays for Eastbourne Borough as a striker. He has previously played for Ebbsfleet United, Farnborough and twice for Chelmsford City.

</doc>
<doc id="18776409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776409" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ispahan">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ispahan

The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ispahan/Esfahan or Isfahan () is an archdiocese located in the city of Isfahan in Iran.
History.
The diocese was established by Italian Dominican friars on October 12, 1629 when Isfahan was the capital of the Safavid Empire. The cathedral was then situated in the New Julfa quarter, where most of the other churches in the city were located (there are twenty-five churches in the city, of which eleven are still functioning. The diocese was elevated to an archdiocese on July 1, 1910. As of 2006, there were five priests serving 10,000 faithful in six parishes. The current archbishop is Ignazio Bedini, appointed on December 2, 1989 and consecrated on January 6, 1990. The Church of the Consolata in Tehran serves as his cathedral church. 

</doc>
<doc id="18776422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776422" title="Cheltenham Square Mall">
Cheltenham Square Mall

Cheltenham Mall, or Cheltenham Square Mall, is an enclosed shopping mall along Cheltenham Avenue between Ogontz Avenue (PA 309) and Washington Lane on the border of Philadelphia and Wyncote, Pennsylvania. This mall opened in 1959. Cheltenham Square Mall was enclosed in 1981. It is generally marketed towards the African American shopper and draws most of its customers from Northwest Philadelphia. The United Artists theater in the mall, which replaced an earlier AMC Theater in 1988, closed in 2008. Later it was demolished and replaced with a newly constructed Target store.
The mall is owned by New York City based Thor Equities since Simon Property Group sold the mall in 2005. 

</doc>
<doc id="18776424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776424" title="Technological apartheid">
Technological apartheid

Technological apartheid is a term that refers to the denial of useful modern technologies to Third World or Developing nations. The term is based upon the South African expression "Apartheid", which refers to the practice of keeping certain populations in a separate, lower-class status. It has been used to describe situations that are unintended, such as the absence of computers and Information technology in the favelas of Brazil or other impoverished areas.
Some of the technologies in question are dual-use technologies, advanced technologies which can have both civilian and military applications.

</doc>
<doc id="18776425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776425" title="Squires (disambiguation)">
Squires (disambiguation)

Squires were men-at-arms in the service of knights in feudal or medieval times.
Squires may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18776476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776476" title="WCCA-LP">
WCCA-LP

WCCA-LP (93.5 FM) is a Contemporary Christian formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Scottsville, Virginia. WCCA-LP is owned and operated by Calvary Baptist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18776491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776491" title="Bank Hall">
Bank Hall

Bank Hall is a Jacobean mansion in Bretherton, Lancashire, England. It is a Grade II* listed building. The hall was built on the site of an older house in 1608 by the Banastres who were lords of the manor. The hall was extended during the 18th and 19th centuries. Extensions were built for George Anthony Legh Keck in 1832–1833, to the design of the architect George Webster.
Legh Keck died in 1860 and the estates passed to Thomas Powys, 3rd Baron Lilford. The contents were auctioned in 1861 and the hall used as a holiday home and later leased to tenants. During the Second World War the Royal Engineers used it as a control centre. After the war the estate was returned to the Lilfords whose estate offices moved to the east wing of the house until 1972 when the house was vacated. The building was used as a location for the 1969 film "The Haunted House of Horror".
The house was vandalised causing rapid deterioration. In 1995 the Bank Hall Action Group was formed to raise public awareness, collect funds, host events, and clear the overgrown grounds. In 2003 Bank Hall featured in the BBC's Restoration television series. Since 2006 the action group and Urban Splash have planned to restore the house as apartments retaining the gardens, entrance hall and clock tower for public access and the Heritage Trust for the North West (HTNW) plans to renovate the potting sheds and walled gardens.
History.
For centuries Bank Hall was the manorial home of a branch of the Banastres, lords of the manor descended from the Norman Roger de Banastre, who built a motte and bailey castle at Prestatyn in about 1164. In 1167 the Banastres fled when Owain Gwynedd, Prince of North Wales, destroyed the castle and the family escaped to Cheshire and Lancashire.
In 1315 Sir Adam Banastre, who had extensive landholdings elsewhere in the county, led the Banastre Rebellion against Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster, and was summarily beheaded at Charnock Richard when the rebellion failed.
A structure from the time of Elizabeth I is recorded on Christopher Saxton's map from 1579. In 1608 the Banastres built the first phase of the present hall and demolished the old building. The hall was constructed to a Jacobean style, rectangular in plan with two rooms to the east, a room and staircase to the west and a grand hall in the centre containing a screen and fireplace. It is possible that there may have been a timber structure where the east wing stands and other wooden wings that were replaced as the house was extended. Recorded in the 1666 Hearth tax, of the 99 hearths in Bretherton, Bank Hall had 12.
The last of the Banastres, Christopher who was High Sheriff of Lancashire in 1670, died in 1690 leaving two daughters. The property was inherited by the eldest, Anne who married Thomas Fleetwood. He planned to drain the surrounding marsh lands. He made the first unsuccessful attempt to drain Martin Mere in 1692. In 1714 the channel was improved and floodgates kept back the high tides. Their daughter, Henrietta Maria, married Thomas Legh of Lyme Park and the estate passed to the Leghs. In 1719 Henrietta Maria Legh donated land on which to build St Mary's Church, Tarleton.
George Anthony Legh Keck moved from Stoughton Grange in Leicestershire on inheriting the estate. He was the last resident owner and commissioned a Kendal architect, George Webster, to extend the hall in 1832–1833. Legh Keck collected stuffed animals and birds and horns from animal from around the world. He owned a collection of classical style statuettes and casts of figures by the sculptor Antonio Canova.
In April 1861, a year after Legh Keck's death, the hall's contents were sold at auction. A catalogue survives and lists the items by room. The house and estate passed to his brother-in-law, Thomas Littleton Powys, fourth Baron Lilford, whose family seat was Lilford Hall in Northamptonshire. Bank Hall was used as a holiday home by the Lilfords until 1899. The estate remains part of the Lilford Estates and is managed by a land agent, Acland Bracewell in Tarleton.
Tenants.
The colliery owner Edward Crippen was resident in 1891 until his death in February 1892. In 1899 Sir Harcourt Everard Clare, clerk to Lancashire County Council, moved to the hall with his family and hosted garden parties in the grounds. The cricketer Ranjit Singh visited him during the 1920s. King George V whilst visiting Lancashire in 1913 stopped at the lodge to greet the Clares and their staff.
Cotton mill owner, Lieutenant Colonel Sir Norman Seddon-Brown and his family lived at the hall from the late 1920s until 1938, when they moved to Escowbeck. The Aga Khan III is thought to have visited the hall during this time.
During the Second World War the Royal Engineers were billetted at Bank Hall. The north east wing, a service wing, housed a boiler-house, shed, laundry, dairy and cheese rooms, mangle room, brew house and wash house around a central courtyard was demolished. The 1928 Ordnance Survey map shows two greenhouses and three buildings in the walled garden. A pond was constructed in the former courtyard and a concrete drive installed. The army constructed Nissen huts in the gardens and parkland, the remains of some are still visible.
After the war the estate was returned to the Lilfords who had an estate office in the east wing until 1972.
In 1974 a planning application was submitted to convert the house and grounds into a country club but the application was declined due to the disturbance to the historic parkland and architecture. 
In 1991 an application for listed building consent to demolish parts of the building to make it safe was submitted but was withdrawn.
Architecture.
Bank Hall, built in the Jacobean style in 1608, is a brick built mansion of three storeys with Dutch gables and a square central tower on the south front. Some of the original brickwork in a diaper (lozenge) flushwork pattern is visible on one gable. The house was restored and enlarged by architect George Webster in 1832–3. He added a wing to the west elevations, built a porch on the north side, remodelled the 1608 north elevation windows, covered the roofs with blue Cumbrian slates and finished the walls with stone details. Webster carried out the alterations sympathetically, in a style corresponding to the 17th-century building, but the difference is marked by the colour of the brickwork and sharpness of the detail. Most windows were renewed during the restoration and two Italian style bay windows added to the south front, altering its appearance.
The clock tower which rises to a height of , was built between 1660 and 1665 and remodelled in 1832–33. The tower, which contains an original oak balustraded, cantilevered staircase, is the chief architectural feature of the building on the south side. The brick built tower has stone quoins at the corners and the staircase has eight original stone cross-windows with mullions, transoms and hoodmoulds irregularly spaced at different levels which contained leaded glass in an octagonal pattern. The tower has a south-facing 19th-century clock in the top storey, (the north facing clock fell when the north east elevation of the tower collapsed during the 1980s) the cogs and wheels were manufactured by John Alker and the tower parapet has ornaments from the 19th-century restoration.
Decorative features include lavish stonework and finials on the west wing bay window and false windows on the kitchen chimney stack wall creating a decorative feature on a plain wall. The Legh Keck coat of arms is carved in stone above the front porch, with two carved green men on either side of the doors. Other features from the 1832 renovation include Legh Keck's initials "G.A.L.K" and "1833" inscribed above the Italian bay windows. There were once four cast iron ram's heads holding laurel sprigs and maiden's heads on the building. The lead rain hoppers have the initials "LK" and there are stone statues on the tower battlements. Another feature is the chimney stacks, the oldest is diamond shaped, while others are square and the chimneys on the west wing are octagonal. The clocks on the tower feature a fleur-de-lis at each corner of their faces, thought to be from the Bannastre family coat of arms.
The house once had a pair of concrete statues (thought to be of a gothic floral design, with the Legh Keck symbols on the base) near the front porch that were destroyed and a sundial, which has been lost. A pair of lion statues from Atherton Hall that stood by the front porch were moved to the Lilford Estate offices in Tarleton.
Interiors.
Little is known about the interior before the renovations of 1832–1833, when the great hall was divided into an entrance hall with a marble floor and a dining room with a grand fireplace. A ground floor room in the north wing was panelled with oak from nearby Carr House. There was a 17th-century fireplace with a peacock carved on the chimney-piece in an upstairs bedrooms matching a peacock design on the Delft tiles of the fireplace. Other Delft tiles were found in rubble inside the house. The drawing room had a feet high ceiling with lavish plaster work (a small portion of which survives today) and a parquet floor. The study at the rear of the west wing ground floor, had bookshelves and a grand fireplace buried under the fallen floor from above. Its panelled window shutters survive in their casings. The cellars under the west wing survive. The east wing has cellars, but the whereabouts of the entrance is unknown. The west wing was occupied by the family and the east wing by the servants.
Legh Keck collected sculptures and antiques; the hall was furnished with Turkish carpets and oak and mahogany carved furniture from the 17th and 18th centuries, horns and animal heads from around the world and family portraits from the 17th century hung on the walls. Numerous Wedgwood items were sold after Legh Keck's death in 1861 to pay death duties.
Condition.
The building has been vandalised and deteriorated as a result of the theft of lead from the roof. In the early 1980s, the Lilford Trust applied for planning permission to turn the house and grounds into a country club and golf course without success. A large mural painted on the wall of the drawing room was destroyed when the west wing roof collapsed in the 1980s.
In 1952 Bank Hall was granted Grade II* listed building status. In 2002 it was in the 22% of buildings in the UK at immediate risk of further rapid deterioration or loss of fabric. and is on the Buildings at Risk Register described as in very bad condition and priority B for restoration and conservation. In 2010, the house was in a ruinous state. The west wing roof and north-east corner of the clock tower collapsed in the early 1980s, losing a clock face and three-quarters of the statues from the battlements. In 2001 listed building consent was granted for structural work to the tower, Three of the decorative corner pinnacles remain but the west elevation has a crack held together by scaffolding installed in 2002 during emergency repairs funded by the action group and English Heritage. At that time, the remains of the clock mechanism were removed and the fallen statues and clock face parts put into storage.
In 2006 an attic water tank crashed through the floors in the oldest part of the building causing damage to the roof, a front gable and the rooms below. On 26 July 2007 BBC Breakfast News featured the building, as one of sixteen buildings in the UK which require emergency work. A cantilevered oak staircase remains in the tower where, in 2008, part of the staircase from the south elevation collapsed, but caused no damage to the balustrade.
In 2008 most of the slates were removed to prevent more gables collapsing from pressure on the walls. Three magnolia trees are growing out of the foundations of the east wing and cover the exterior, which has lost two gables. The east wing contains a ground floor room with no windows, a concrete ceiling and a steel door which remains unopened since the estate offices closed in 1972. In September 2010, a collapse in the west wing caused further damage to the 1832 stairwell. The rooms above the parlour were destroyed as the roof and wall collapsed and the drawing room's rear wall partially collapsed. English Heritage assessed the damage as urgent and structural work was needed to prevent further collapse. In November 2011 contractors for the HTNW dismantled the north wing porch as the gable was at risk of collapse. Decorative masonry was removed for an exhibition to be held in Nelson in 2012 by the HTNW.
Restoration.
Bank Hall Action Group (from 2012 the Friends of Bank Hall) was formed in 1995 with the ultimate aim of restoring Bank Hall. In 2003 the cost of restoration was estimated to be £3 million. Urban Splash was engaged to develop a business plan with the aid of a Heritage Lottery Fund grant in 2006. Urban Splash envisaged creating 12 residences within the hall and 23 houses in the old orchard while the action group would retain the entrance hall, clock tower and upper rooms for public access. The project will cost £6 million with proceeds from the sale of houses and a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund funding the restoration.
A structural report by Urban Splash in 2009 enabled a plan for the building's interior to be developed. After delays, planning permission was granted in February 2011. On 14 February 2012, a grant of £1.69 million to restore the hall starting in late 2012, was made by the Heritage Lottery Fund to the Heritage Trust for the North West (HTNW). The HTNW has separate plans for a visitor entrance and heritage garden. Planning permission to convert the potting shed and greenhouse into a visitor entrance, funded separately, was granted in December 2011.
A further £50,000 was awarded by WREN (a non-profit company) towards the restoration of the tower in September 2013.
Work is set to begin on the project in early 2014.
Estate.
The estate is crossed by the River Douglas and its embankment provides flood protection for the low lying area. The Leeds and Liverpool Canal crosses close to the river and Grade II listed Bank Bridge carries the A59 road over river and canal. A Grade II listed warehouse is close to the bridge.
Bank Lodge, situated at a disused access road, is owned by the estate, and can be seen on the 1928 Ordnance Survey Map.
Bank Hall Farm, the home farm whose Elizabethan long barn built in the early 17th century, is Grade II listed. It was extended in the early 19th century and converted into residences in 2004.
Between the fields and the barns was a timber yard. The estate offices, blacksmith's forge and coach house were housed on the farm. The action group use the coach house and offices as a temporary visitor centre.
Along a carriage drive, lined with lime trees, connecting the hall to Bretherton are 'Crossford Lodge', a modern single-story building and Bretherton Lodge (The New Lodge).
Bank Hall Windmill built in 1741, is a Grade II listed building situated between Bank Bridge and Plocks Farm.
Carr House, built by the Stone family in 1613 was the home of Jeremiah Horrocks, the first person to predict and observe the Transit of Venus, in 1639.
Gardens.
Bank Hall is surrounded by of gardens, parkland and an arboretum created by George Anthony Legh Keck. Bank Hall Gardens were neglected from 1980–1995 though some plants survived. Snowdrop carpets which cover much of the gardens in February were uncovered in 2001 when a small area was cleared. In 2007 the UK's Snowdrop Society visited the gardens which have attracted thousands of visitors each year. There are several varieties of daffodils, bluebells and primroses.
The oldest tree, a 550 year old yew, predates the hall, and the tallest, a wellingtonia, towers over the woodland. There are numerous coast redwoods and specimens of dawn redwood, Lebanon cedar, atlas cedar, swamp cypress, lime and magnolia.
A conservatory was built for Elizabeth Legh Keck in the 1830s. The walled garden, constructed in 1835, has a greenhouse and potting sheds on its north wall and a heated outdoor wall. The HTNW aims to restore it into a heritage garden as part of a three-phase project. A cricket field and tennis lawns were situated beyond a ha-ha and accessed via a yew tunnel.
Film and television.
The exterior was used as a location for "The Haunted House of Horror" (1969).
The hall and gardens have featured on local BBC. and ITV news reports and Fred Talbot's weather reports since 1995. Its plight was highlighted when it featured in the first series of the BBC Restoration programme, on 8 August 2003 when it came second in the voting. The potting sheds and hall featured in the introduction to BBC Restoration Home (TV series) in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18776495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776495" title="Jupiter Dolichenus">
Jupiter Dolichenus

Jupiter Dolichenus was a Roman god created from the syncretization of Jupiter, the Roman 'King of the gods', and a Baal cult of Commagene in Asia Minor. The Baal gods were themselves king gods and the combination was intended to form a powerful mixture of eastern and western regal traditions combined in the one deity. The cult was one of the Mystery Religions that gained popularity in the Roman Empire as an alternative to the open 'public' religion of mainstream Roman society. Its temples were closed to outsiders and followers had to undergo rites of initiation before they could be accepted as devotees. As a result very little is known about the actual worship of the god apart from the few clues that can be obtained from the sparse iconographic, archaeological or epigraphic evidence. The cult gained popularity in the 2nd century CE and reached a peak under the Severan dynasty in the early 3rd century CE. At least seventeen temples are known to have been built in Rome and the provinces which, while substantial, is far below the popularity enjoyed by Mithras, Isis or Cybele. Unlike these Mystery Cults, the worship of Jupiter Dolichenus was very fixed on its oriental origins and the cult soon died out following the fall of the city of Doliche to the Sassanids in the mid-3rd century CE.
History.
The Baal of Doliche appears to have had his origins as a Hittite storm god known as Tesub-Hadad, whose cult was centered on the hill of Dülük-Baba Tepesi near the town of Dülük (now modern Gaziantep in Turkey). Evidence for his worship can be traced back to the 6th century BCE, but the Roman expansion of the cult began with their conquest of the area in 64 BCE and its inclusion in the province of Syria. The new Roman deity took his name from Doliche, the Roman name for the town.
The earliest dateable evidence for his worship outside of Doliche is from Lambaesis, where the legate dedicated an altar in 125 CE. The cult had certainly spread to Rome under Marcus Aurelius when a temple to Jupiter Dolichenus was built on the Caelian hill. Not much later we can see it in Germany where a centurion of Legio VIII Augusta dedicated an altar in 191 CE at Obernburg in Germania Superior. A large number of dedications then occur under Septimius Severus and Caracalla, which represents the high point of the cult.
By the mid-3rd century CE, however, the worship of Jupiter Dolichenus was in terminal, and rapid, decline. The first serious blow came following the assassination of Alexander Severus and the rise to power of Maximinus Thrax (235-238). The Severan dynasty had supported the cult and with their fall not only did Jupiter Dolichenus lose imperial favour, but continued support might have been seen as being politically dangerous following the change of regime. Certainly all the sanctuaries on the Rhine and Danube end under Maximinus' reign, especially those supported by the army. Maximinus would not have easily tolerated anything that could be perceived as disloyalty by his army.
The critical blow, however, fell in 253 or 256 CE when Shapur I captured and sacked Doliche. With the loss of his home and main sanctuary, the god was permanently discredited in terms of his perceived power. The cult had tied itself so firmly to the sanctity of Doliche and to the oriental nature of the god that it had never achieved the universality that it needed in order to survive the loss.
Worship.
Jupiter Dolichenus was always addressed in full as Jupiter Optimus Maximus Dolichenus. 'Optimus Maximus', meaning 'Best and Greatest', was the standard and unique term of honour that was given to the king of the gods, and since Jupiter Dolichenus was still Jupiter, the term of respect was maintained. In Latin epigraphy Jupiter Optimus Maximus is simply abbreviated to IOM (Jupiter is spelt Iupiter as there is no 'J' in the Latin alphabet). Therefore in most inscriptions or dedications to Jupiter Dolichenus his name appears as IOM Dolicheno, or Iovi Optimo Maximo Dolicheno in full. The endings of the Latin words take the dative case (meaning 'To' or 'For') as they are gifts to or for the god. He did, however, receive some distinctive forms of address. The inscriptions from his temple on the Aventine hill in Rome, for example, address him as 'eternal preserver' and 'Jupiter Optimus Maximus Dolichenus Eternal, preserver of the firmament, pre-eminent divinity, invincible provider'.
The cult was a mystery religion whose theology, temples and rituals were open only to the initiates. Very little is known about the cult as it did not last long enough to appear in the Christian literature that provided so many useful clues on other mystery cults such as Mithraism. Nor can the archaeological evidence help much. It is only from the epigraphic sources that we can gain much insight. References to a (priest) shows that there was an internal structure, though one that did not seem to have any great complexity. An inscription from the Aventine temple (see below) gives a list of the members of one community. The group consists of 32 names, 7 of which are identified as being a or patron. The text of the inscription refers to and (candidates), so we can assume that the other names were men who held status of . What exactly this meant is unclear. Were they candidates for initiation or candidates for a higher status? The patrons may have been sponsoring new candidates to join the community, but as the text of the inscriptions refers to both as (brothers) this would imply that they are all already initiates. One priest dedicates the inscription and styles himself as 'father of the candidates', a symbolic title similar to that of the Father grade in Mithraism. In a second inscription the roles of 'recorder', 'leaders of this place' and 'litter-bearers of the god' are identified. The members of the community are introduced by the phrase 'Jupiter Optimus Maximus Dolichenus chose the following to serve him'.
97 out of the 260 named worshippers mentioned on inscriptions are soldiers, so while it can be seen that the army had an interest in the cult, it was by no means exclusively military. There are cases of whole units making dedications to the god (e.g. a detachment of the fleet at Misenum at Ostia in 186 CE), though we cannot be sure exactly what this means. Was it the whole of the group who were devotees or was it just some of them? Similarly the appearance of military standards, trophies and the goddess Victoria on votive tablets need not be seen as an integral military aspect to the cult. These are all symbols of triumph or kingship and are suitable attributes for a royal god. As a king deity he required a consort and the natural counterpart was Jupiter's own wife Juno. Within this cult she takes the name Juno Dolichena. In iconography she always appears on the right of her partner.
The theology of Jupiter Dolichenus gave prominent places to Apollo and Diana who often appear on votive tablets as a pair of busts side by side. Why this is the case is uncertain; however, equally important seem to be Sol, god of the sun, and Luna, goddess of the moon. These two provide a clear cosmic element, perhaps suggesting Jupiter Dolichenus' command of Day and Night or an allegory to the extent of his realm. Rather than being distinct members of the pantheon it may be that Apollo and Sol are serving the same function as sun gods, as are Diana and Luna with the moon. Castor and Pollux also frequently appear and their role is less clear. Most likely they are seen as the sons of Jupiter. Isis and Serapis appear with some frequency, perhaps as 'guests' or as allusions to the royal pair of Doliche.
Attributes and iconography.
Few of the characteristic attributes of Jupiter appear in the representation of Jupiter Dolichenus, apart from the thunderbolt, a beard, and at times the eagle. In all other respects the god is a new creation which blends oriental and Hellenistic conventions. The god always appears dressed in a military fashion, armed and dressed in a cuirass. This does not necessarily mean that his cult was especially militaristic; rather, the attributes signify power and royalty. The cuirass in particular is a Hellenistic artistic convention to portray divinity. The weapon that the god carries is usually a double-headed axe (a "labris"), a weapon often associated with the kings of Thrace and Asia Minor and not a common soldier's weapon. In accordance with Roman oriental convention he also wears the Phrygian cap and trousers, clothing worn by other oriental gods that the Romans invented or adapted, such as Mithras.
The unique feature of representations of Jupiter Dolichenus is that he is always shown standing on the back of a bull. The bull had a long association with concepts of strength, virility and fertility (e.g. in the Minoan civilisation) and was also a key part of Mithraic belief. Standing on the back of a bull would have been a clear connection between the powers of the beast and those of the god, but the fact that he stands on the back of the animal would have had significance too. This was a deity that had the power to tame and subdue this notoriously wild creature and bend it to his will, as well as work with it. Bulls also appear frequently within his temple sites. At the temple to Jupiter Dolichenus at Zugmantel in Germany, the altar table was supported by legs carved in the shape of two bulls. In contrast Juno Dolichena rides a deer, an animal with suitably royal associations.
An altar from Obernburg (now in the Stiftsmuseum Aschaffenburg) perhaps displays in images the theology of the cult. On the left side are carved a thunderbolt, a tree and a "scutum". The thunderbolt is a standard attribute of Jupiter; however, the tree and the shield are not. Taken together it could be argued that the thunderbolt represents the power of the god, the tree represents success and fertility, and the shield security. These could then be an expression of the benefits that Jupiter Dolichenus provides for his follower. However, as is so often the case with mystery religions, the meaning is only a plausible interpretation.
Temples.
A temple to Jupiter Dolichenus is known as a "dolichenum", a term created by archaeologists. No specific term seems to have existed as the devotees only use the word "templum" when referring to their shrines. The temples are not in the classical style of a rectangular colonnaded shrine standing on a raised podium with an altar outside in front. There was no need for such public visibility, as the cult was closed to all but the initiated. The design of the temple needed only to include these initiates and exclude the participation from any outsiders; therefore, it needed to be insular and exclusive. There are some similarities to "mithraea", the temples to Mithras, as they are windowless and rectangular in plan, and have a narthex as well as a cella with a central nave terminating at a high altar. There is uncertainty over whether the cella also had the podium benches that are typical of a "mithraeum", on which initiates could recline when they took part in their ritual meals. The function of the temples therefore is far from clear and although 17 have been identified or excavated (see below), few details can be securely agreed on.
It is clear from the epigraphic record that the communities could attract important patrons; however, it can be debated how much these VIPs were actually interested in the cult and how much their dedication of temples was simply them fulfilling the duties of a local dignitary. A case in point is the inscription from Cologne where the restoration of a "dolichenum" is dedicated by the provincial governor Lucius Lucceius Martinus () in 212 CE. Unfortunately we can't say that the temple could number someone of such significance within its community; however, it does show that the communities could attract the attention of the most important person around.
In a temple to Jupiter Optimus Maximus at Porolissum, a number of priests are mentioned ("Sacerdotes Dei Iovi"): Marcus Aurelius Vitalus, a duumvir; Antonius Mavius, a decurion; Acius Flavus; Caius Marcius Vegesius; and a priest with an Oriental name, Attonaris Bassus.
Sources of evidence and information.
Important excavated shrines.
Important museum collections.

</doc>
<doc id="18776505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776505" title="Resistance (Star Trek)">
Resistance (Star Trek)

Resistance is a novel set after , aboard the USS "Enterprise"-E.
Plot.
Picard must rebuild his crew after the death of Data and departure of Capt. William Riker and Counselor Troi. Picard selects newly promoted, and acting first officer, Commander Worf as permanent first officer. A Vulcan, T'Lana, is granted commission as the "Enterprise's" new counselor. The captain is looking forward to putting the devastation of war behind him, shaping his new crew, building his relationship with Dr. Beverly Crusher and returning at last to being an explorer. However, Worf refuses the promotion and Picard senses his new counselor does not approve of Worf. 
Quickly after being assigned a simple shakedown mission for the restored "U.S.S. Enterprise-E", Picard once again begins hearing the voice of the Borg Collective. After reporting this to Starfleet, Admiral Janeway feels the Borg are decimated and are no longer a threat. Picard knows she is wrong and believes they are regrouping in the Alpha Quadrant for an annihilation-style attack on the Federation and all of the Alpha Quadrant's inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="18776516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776516" title="Veddel station">
Veddel station

Veddel (BallinStadt) is a station on the Harburg S-Bahn line and is served by the rapid transit trains of the Hamburg S-Bahn. The railway station is located in the Hamburg-Mitte borough (in the Veddel quarter) in Hamburg, Germany. The station is managed by DB Station&Service, a subsiary of the German railway Deutsche Bahn. The station is listed as a "Haltepunkt", a passenger stop situated on an open stretch of line, and lacking specific signals.
History.
On 1 December 1897, the "Cöln-Mindener Eisenbahn" started its service on the "Rollbahn" line. In 1983 — after 10 years of construction, the first part of Hamburg's southern S-Bahn line from Central Station toward Harburg were completed and opened with the new Veddel station.
Layout.
The station is not fully accessible for handicapped persons. Before 1983, the station building was a brick building with an island platform and one entrance. Since the new S-Bahn line, it has exits on both ends of an island platform and a simple flat roof.
Services.
Trains.
The rapid transit trains of the lines S3 and S31 of the Hamburg S-Bahn are calling the station.
Facilities at the station.
There are no lockboxes and no personnel are attending the station, but there are SOS and information telephones, ticket machines, toilets and a small shop.

</doc>
<doc id="18776517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776517" title="Old Swan Hotel">
Old Swan Hotel

The Old Swan Hotel in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England, is part of the Classic Lodges group.
History.
Hospitality has been available on the site since at least 1777, originally it was the 'Swan Inn" in Low Harrogate separate from the settlement of High Harrogate.
In the late nineteenth century it was extensively redeveloped by the "Harrogate Hydropathic Company" as a fashionable spa hotel, and included Turkish Baths. Its name was "The Harrogate Hydro" or as the locals called it "The Hydro". It had its own farm on Penny Pot Lane to provide for the kitchens.
It was the first building in Harrogate to have electric light. A vertical steam engine drove a DC generator and also the hotel laundry. The steam engine was re-activated to drive the laundry by Jack Gill of John Redfearn's garage at the hotel in the 1950s until electric motors took over. The fuel was coke from Harrogate Gas Works.
In 1939 the hotel was requisitioned at 48 hours notice by the Ministry of Aircraft Production and cables were laid to a new telephone exchange in the Library Restaurant. Power cables were laid directly from the hotel to the corporation power station beside Jenny Plain passing in a straight line through every private property on the way. It was attacked by an enemy aircraft in 1943 but only the house at the
end of Swan Road by Ripon Road was destroyed. 
By the mid-1950s Harrogate had an image problem. The "Bath Chair" image of Victorian spa towns was now unfashionable and the Hydro was renamed "The Old Swan Hotel" "famous since 1700".
It was listed in 1975 as a Grade II listed building.
In the early 1980s, the hotel was a focal point of the Harrogate International Festival Of Sound - an annual festival of premium hi-fi equipment.
It was recently refurbished, and has 136 rooms.
Agatha Christie's disappearance.
In December 1926 the author Agatha Christie suddenly disappeared from her home. She was missing for a total of eleven days, during which the police conducted a major manhunt, and there was speculation that she had committed suicide. The disappearance even drew other crime writers Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Dorothy L Sayers into the search, Conan Doyle's interest in the occult prompting to take one of Christie's gloves to a medium. After about ten days (having checked into the Swan Hydropathic Hotel under the assumed name Mrs. Teresa Neele) she was recognised by one of the banjo players at the hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18776522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776522" title="Afghanistan at the 2004 Summer Paralympics">
Afghanistan at the 2004 Summer Paralympics

Afghanistan participated in the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece. It was reportedly the country's first "official" appearance at the Paralympic Games, although two cyclists had already competed for Afghanistan in 1996. The delegation consisted of two competitors, Mareena Karim and Qaher Hazrat. A third competitor, runner Sharifa Ahmadi, was registered for the games but did not participate.
Karim was a fourteen-year-old runner who competed in the 100 metre T46 event. Karim's feet were amputated when she was an infant after they were severely burned. She began proper training only two months before the games. In the first round of the 100 metre race, she finished last with a time of 18.85 seconds and did not advance to the next round.
The other team member was twenty-two-year-old cyclist Qaher Hazrat, who lost both legs below the knee after stepping on a land mine in 1996 during the country's civil war. Hazrat competed in the men's road race/time trial LC3 event and, with 26 points, finished last out of fourteen cyclists.
Karim and Hazrat trained at Kabul's National Stadium under Sultan Mahmood, who had participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics as a wrestler.

</doc>
<doc id="18776523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776523" title="Culture of the United States Marine Corps">
Culture of the United States Marine Corps

The Culture of the United States Marine Corps is widely varied, but unique amongst the branches of the United States armed forces. Because its members are drawn from across the United States (and resident aliens from other nations), it is as varied as each individual Marine, but tied together with core values and traditions passed from generation to generation of Marines. As in any military organization, the official and unofficial traditions of the Marine Corps serve to reinforce camaraderie and set the service apart from others. The Corps' embracement of its rich culture and history is cited as a reason for its high "esprit de corps".
Official traditions and customs.
Many traditions and customs of the Corps are officially recognized through orders, histories, and ceremonies; some are even embodied within the uniform itself.
Core values.
The Marine Corps Core Values of Honor, Courage, and Commitment have gained increased prominence in recent years. As an emphasis on performing morally on and off duty, the concept of core values has been infiltrated into many aspects of Marine life, beginning in recruit training and continuing into combat. These "warrior ethos" provide guidance to Marines in difficult ethics situations and as a reminder to provide good order and discipline.
Marines' Hymn.
The Marines' Hymn dates back to the 19th century and is the oldest official song in the U.S. Armed Forces. It embraces some of the most important battles of the Corps at that time, including Chapultepec and Derna. Subtle changes and unofficial verses have been added as the history of the Corps grew.
Eagle, Globe, and Anchor.
The official Marine Corps emblem is the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor, sometimes abbreviated "EGA". Adopted in its present form in 1868 by Commandant Jacob Zeilin, it derives partially from ornaments worn by the Continental Marines and the British Royal Marines, and is usually topped with a ribbon reading "Semper Fidelis". The original eagle was a Crested Eagle found in the Americas, not the bald eagle that appears in the current emblem. The eagle stands on the Western Hemisphere and holds in its beak a scroll bearing the motto "Semper Fidelis," though the scroll is sometimes omitted from uniform insignia. An anchor fouled with rope stands behind the globe, and while it generally points to the left, it can be found reversed when paired so that the anchors continually face the other. The eagle stands for a proud country, the globe signifies worldwide service, and the fouled anchor signifies naval tradition.
The use of the emblem became official when the seal was adopted in 1955.
Seal & colors.
On June 22, 1954, President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed an Executive Order, which approved the design of an official seal for the United States Marine Corps. The new seal had been designed at the request of the Commandant Lemuel C. Shepherd, Jr.
The new seal consisted of the traditional Marine Corps Eagle, Globe, and Anchor emblem in bronze; however, an American bald eagle replaced the Crested Eagle depicted on the 1868 emblem, and is depicted with wings displayed, standing upon the western hemisphere of the terrestrial globe, and holding in his beak a scroll inscribed with the Marine Corps motto ""Semper Fidelis"" with the hemisphere superimposed on a fouled anchor. The seal is displayed on a scarlet background encircled with a Navy blue band edged in a gold rope rim and inscribed "Department of the Navy, United States Marine Corps" in gold letters.
Coincident with the approval of this seal by the President, the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor emblem centered on the seal was adopted in 1955 as the official Marine Corps Emblem.
The blue signifies naval ties, while the scarlet and gold are the official Marine Corps colors. They appear ubiquitously in the Marine Corps, particularly on signage. They also form the base colors of the flag of the United States Marine Corps.
Motto.
The Marine motto ""Semper Fidelis"" means "always faithful" in Latin. This motto often appears in the shortened form "Semper Fi" . It is also the name of the official march of the Corps, composed by John Phillip Sousa. It was adopted in 1883 when Commandant Charles McCawley added it to the seal, before which the traditional mottos were ""Fortitudine"" (With Fortitude); ""By Sea and by Land"", a translation of the Royal Marines' ""Per Mare, Per Terram""; and ""To the Shores of Tripoli"", which was later revised to ""From the Halls of the Montezumas to the Shores of Tripoli"" and formed the first lines of the Marines' Hymn.
The recruiting slogan of "A Few Good Men" (as opposed to the play and film) derives from a Continental Marines recruiting poster:
The modern recruiting slogan is "the few, the proud, the Marines."
The Rifleman's Creed is a similar concept as the motto, but offers a more modern look at doctrine. It explains to a recruit the importance of his or her weapon but also emphasizes the moral motivations behind using it.
Swords.
Two styles of swords are worn by Marines. The Marine Corps officers' sword is a Mameluke Sword, similar to the Persian shamshir presented to Lt. Presley O'Bannon after the Battle of Derna during the First Barbary War. After its adoption in 1825 and initial distribution in 1826, Mameluke Swords have been worn by Marine officers ever since, except during the period 1859–1875, when they were required to wear the Army's Model 1850-foot officers' sword. Upon returning to the traditional sword, many officers gave their Army swords to their senior noncommissioned officer, creating the basis for the NCO sword. Generally, Marines are the only branch where enlisted members regularly carry a sword (the Army authorizes platoon and first sergeants to carry a Model 1840 sword during some ceremonies, while the Chief of Naval Operations authorized Chief Petty Officers and above to carry an optional ceremonial cutlass with dress uniforms in 2010).
Birthday.
The Marine Corps Birthday is celebrated every year on 10 November, when the Second Continental Congress raised two battalions of Marines. Tun Tavern is regarded as the location of the first Marines to enlist under Commandant Samuel Nicholas.
Prior to 1921, Marines celebrated the July 11, 1798 recreation of the Corps (having been disbanded following the end of the Revolutionary War) with little fanfare. Then, Marine Corps Order 47 was published by Commandant John A. Lejeune:
The celebrations were formalized by Commandant Lemuel C. Shepherd, Jr. in 1952, outlining the cake cutting ceremony, which would enter the Marine Drill Manual in 1956. By tradition, the first slice of cake is given to the oldest Marine present, who in turn hands it off to the youngest Marine present, symbolizing the old and experienced Marines passing their knowledge to the new generation of Marines. Lejeune's message is also republished annually.
Drill & ceremonies.
Close Order Drill is heavily emphasized early on in a Marine's training. Formal ceremonies, such as the Marine Corps Birthday Ball, a change of command, or a retirement, will almost always incorporate some form of close order drill. The Marine Corps uses close order drill to teach discipline by instilling habits of precision and automatic response to orders, increase the confidence of junior officers and noncommissioned officers through the exercise of command and give Marines an opportunity to handle individual weapons. 
The Mess Night is a borrowed tradition of ceremonial dining. Originally a British Army tradition, it has become an honored tradition of enjoying drink, good food, and fellowship with a Marine's comrades, as well as honoring those who have perished in battle.
History.
Marines have a high reverence for their history, indoctrinating recruits and continually expanding the topic in the professional education Marines attend throughout their careers. The History Division, a subunit of the Training and Education Command, records, archives, researches, analyzes, and presents the history of the Corps.
Several Marine Corps museums have been established, most notably the National Museum of the Marine Corps at Quantico, Virginia. Additional Marine history can be found at the Flying Leatherneck Aviation Museum, the MCRD San Diego Command Museum, the Marine Corps Air-Ground Museum, the Marine Corps Legacy Museum, the Parris Island Museum, the WWII/Korea LVT Museum, and the Waterhouse Museum.
Memorials also serve as a way to preserve history. One of the most iconic memorials is the Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington National Cemetery, a statue recreated from the iconic photo "Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima". Other memorials to Marines (sometimes including other services) include the two of the many statues named Iron Mike (Belleau, France and Parris Island, South Carolina), the USS Arizona Memorial, Navy – Marine Corps Memorial Stadium at the United States Naval Academy, as well as many period specific military memorial around the country where Marines participated in fighting, such as the National World War II Memorial and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.
Unofficial traditions and customs.
The Corps has many unofficial traditions, promulgated by many Marines and some Marine-based organizations (such as the Marine Corps League, Marine Corps Association, and Young Marines) or media (such as the "Marine Corps Gazette", "Leatherneck" Magazine, or "Marine Corps Times").
Nicknames.
Marines have been given many generic nicknames:
Veteran Marines.
The ethos that ""Once a Marine, Always a Marine"" has led to the objection to the use of the term "ex-Marine," leading to a myriad of forms of address for those no longer on active duty:
Physical fitness and martial arts.
The Marine Corps places a high institutional value on physical readiness, preparing the individual's body for the rigors of combat. Mandatory participation in three hours weekly of Physical exercise, termed "Physical Training" or PT, is considered a minimum starting point; further fitness is rewarded by better evaluation scores, which increase promotability, as well as benefits for winning athletic competitions. In addition, height and weight standards and body fat percentage ensure that Marines are fit and present a good military appearance. Chronic lack of physical fitness can be grounds for administrative punishment, and even discharge in extreme situations. The Physical Fitness Test is performed annually to assess a Marine's fitness, and higher scores weigh in his or her favor for promotions.
To encourage physical training, Commandant James T. Conway has authorized a new physical training uniform based on a tracksuit and the development of the Combat Fitness Test to better simulate the specific stressors of combat.
For decades, Marines learned a variety of martial arts and other methods of hand-to-hand combat, but these were irregular processes that varied greatly from unit to unit and from time to time. Eventually, the Corps solidified its various teachings into the LINE combat system, but its inherent inflexibility was evident. In 2001, the Marine Corps initiated a new program, called Marine Corps Martial Arts Program (MCMAP). Due to an expectation that urban and police-type peacekeeping missions would become more common in the 21st century, placing Marines in even closer contact with unarmed civilians, MCMAP was implemented to provide Marines with a larger and more versatile set of less-than-lethal options for controlling hostile, but unarmed individuals. It is also a stated aim of the program to instill and maintain the "Warrior Ethos" within Marines. The Marine Corps Martial Arts program is an eclectic mix of different styles of martial arts melded together and consists of boxing movements, joint locking techniques, opponent weight transfer (Jujitsu), ground grappling (mostly wrestling), bayonet, knife and baton fighting, non-compliance joint manipulations, and blood restriction chokes. Marines begin MCMAP training in boot camp, earning the first of five belts.
Marines in the public eye.
The Marine Corps, like any other branch of the military, is most visible by the public through public affairs organs and several presentation units. Dedication to proficiency in drill is a hallmark of the Silent Drill Platoon, Marine Band, and the Drum and Bugle Corps. In addition, the Corps released periodic recruiting commercials, often about one annually. The traditional tagline for the commercials is "The Few, The Proud, The Marines." While Marines do not have installations across the United States (unlike the Army and Air Force, Marine installations are concentrated in California, North Carolina, and the national capitol region), the direct link for most Americans to the Corps is the Marine recruiter, often recognizable in the Dress Blue uniform.
Marines also make popular subjects for works of fiction. The Marine Corps has been depicted on many films, television shows, innumerable books, and even video games.
Since 2001, Gallup polls have asked "Which of the four major branches of the armed forces are the most prestigious?", it revealed every year of its poll, that the American public regards the Corps as the most prestigious of the four branches of the armed forces of the Department of Defense, though it did not score well when ranked by importance until it tied the Army and Air Force in 2004, an increase attributed to the Iraq War.

</doc>
<doc id="18776542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776542" title="Galen Yuen">
Galen Yuen

The tough, sinewy Asian American character actor Galen Yuen played a number of bit parts in Hollywood action and martial arts films, from the early 1990s onward. At least in the beginning, these constituted stock roles—such as an appearance as a cleaning man in the 1990 , a desk bookie in the same year's Jean-Claude Van Damme vehicle Lionheart, and a smuggler in the 1991 Van Damme starrer Double Impact. Yuen stepped behind the camera to helm a segment of the omnibus-style urban drama Riot (1997), and received his highest billing up through that time with his role as Y.C. in maverick director Werner Herzog's Vietnam-era actioner Rescue Dawn.

</doc>
<doc id="18776567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776567" title="Paul Kastel">
Paul Kastel

Paul Kastel (Born 1927-) is a German-Canadian art dealer and benefactor, art collector, and owner of Montreal's Kastel Gallery. He sold his first work in 1950 - an A.Y. Jackson - for $250.
Paul Kastel was instrumental in promoting numerous Canadian artists that he represented from the 1950s until his retirement in 2006. Most notably, Kastel was the executor of the estate of Canadian artist Fritz Brandtner, with whom he shared a close friendship. He also purchased the estate of sisters Rose Wiselberg and Fanny Wiselberg.
Paul Kastel and his partner Anthony Nevin encouraged many young artists by purchasing works and establishing the historically significant Kastel Gallery in the heart of Montreal, Canada. The Gallery closed in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18776572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776572" title="Saint Joseph's Hawks men's basketball">
Saint Joseph's Hawks men's basketball

The Saint Joseph's Hawks men's basketball team represents Saint Joseph's University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in the Atlantic 10 Conference. Its home court is the Hagan Arena. The team's only Final Four appearance in 1961 was removed from the NCAA records due to a gambling scandal. Through the years they have produced a number of NBA players. Saint Joseph's most bitter rivalry is with the Villanova Wildcats. Other rivals include the Temple Owls, the La Salle Explorers, the Penn Quakers, all of the Big 5.
History.
Men's basketball is the most popular sport at Saint Joseph's University. The Hawks have competed in nineteen NCAA Tournaments (1959, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1965, 1966, 1969, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1981, 1982, 1986, 1997, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2008) and sixteen NIT Tournaments (1956, 1958,1964, 1974, 1979, 1980, 1984, 1985, 1993, 1995, 1996, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2012, 2013). They have made one Final Four (though their 3rd place finish was later revoked by the NCAA, two Elite Eights, and seven Sweet Sixteens. The team is currently led by coach Phil Martelli. Throughout the school's history, 29 different players have been drafted into the NBA. The Hawks have been ranked 67 times in their history, 41 of which have been in the top 10. In 1981, SJU upset No. 1 DePaul to reach the Sweet 16 and eventually the Elite 8.
Perfect regular season.
During the 2003–2004 season, the Saint Joseph's Hawks went undefeated (27–0) during the regular season, The Hawks were led by a backcourt of Jameer Nelson and Delonte West, both of whom were drafted in the 1st round of the 2004 NBA draft. The Hawks ended the regular season with a No. 1 ranking nationally and a No. 1 seed in the NCAA Tournament. After beating Liberty, Texas Tech and #17 Wake Forest, St. Joe's made it to the East Regional Final in the NCAA tournament. They would lose to #4 Oklahoma State in the last seven seconds of the game. Nelson was named National Player of the Year while coach Phil Martelli was named Coach of the Year. In 2009, the 2004 Hawks were named the best single-season team of the decade by Sports Illustrated.
Current.
The Hawks most recently made it to the NCAA Tournament in 2008. During the 2008–2009 season, St. Joe's played its home games at the Palestra while its new home arena was renovated. Saint Joseph's defeated Rider University in its first game at the Wachovia Center.
Rivals.
The main rival has been the Villanova University Wildcats which is locally referred to as the Holy War. Saint Joseph's also has a heated rivalry with the Temple University Owls and LaSalle Explorers. Because games against Drexel University are in-city, the two teams are sometimes considered rivals but Saint Joseph's leads the all-time series 43 to 6. The all-time series between La Salle and the Hawks is 63 to 49 in SJU's favor. They are losing the all-time series against Temple 63 to 75, Villanova 24 to 42, and winning the series with Penn 45 to 32. Overall, the Hawks are 112–83 in the Big 5 which is the best among Big 5 schools.
Traditions.
Fans of the Hawks often chant "The Hawk Will Never Die!". In a September 2003 issue, Sports Illustrated listed that cheer among "The 100 Things You Gotta Do Before You Graduate (Whatever the Cost)", calling it "the most defiant cheer in college sports".
Retired numbers.
The Hawks have retired four numbers for seven players, with No. 4 retired in honor of four players:

</doc>
<doc id="18776573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776573" title="Pink tide">
Pink tide

Pink tide or Turn to the Left are phrases used in contemporary 21st century political analysis in the media and elsewhere to describe the perception that leftist ideology in general, and left-wing politics in particular, are increasingly influential in Latin America.
In 2005, the BBC reported that out of 350 million people in South America, three out of four of them lived in countries ruled by "left-leaning presidents" elected during the preceding six years. According to the BBC, "another common element of the 'pink tide' is a clean break with what was known at the outset of the 1990s as the 'Washington consensus', the mixture of open markets and privatisation pushed by the United States".
The Latin American countries viewed as part of this ideological trend have been referred to as "Pink Tide nations".
Use of the term.
While being a relatively new coinage, the term "pink tide" has become prominent in contemporary discussion of Latin American politics. Origins of the term may be linked to a statement by Larry Rohter, a "New York Times" reporter in Montevideo who characterized the election of Tabaré Vázquez as leader of Uruguay as "not so much a red tide…as a pink one." The term seems to be a play on words based on "red tide" (a biological phenomenon rather than a political one) with "red" – a color long associated with communism – being replaced with the lighter tone of "pink" to indicate the more moderate communist and socialist ideas gaining strength.
According to a 2006 press release from the Council on Hemispheric Affairs, a left-leaning Washington, D.C.-based non-governmental organization:
According to Diana Raby from Red Pepper Blog:
More recently one observer wrote that as "the so-called 'Pink Tide' sweeps through South America", 2009 will probably see the election of Mauricio Funes in El Salvador. However, despite the presence of a number of Latin American governments which profess to embracing a leftist ideology, it is difficult to categorize Latin American states "according to dominant political tendencies, like a red-blue post-electoral map of the United States." According to the Institute for Policy Studies, a liberal non-profit think-tank based in Washington, D.C.:
While this political shift is difficult to quantify, its effects are widely noticed. According to the Institute for Policy Studies, 2006 meetings of the South American Summit of Nations and the Social Forum for the Integration of Peoples demonstrated that certain discussions that "used to take place on the margins of the dominant discourse of neoliberalism, (have) now moved to the center of public debate."
Reaction.
The perception of the rising pink tide is heralded as welcome change by those sympathetic to the views its represents while those near the opposite end of the political spectrum identify it as a malignant influence. According to the latter:
According to a report from the Inter Press Service news agency:

</doc>
<doc id="18776597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776597" title="Air Martinique">
Air Martinique

Air Martinique was an airline based in the island of Martinique in the Lesser Antilles. Its head office was on the grounds of Fort-de-France Airport (now Martinique Aimé Césaire International Airport) in Le Lamentin.
Company history.
Air Martinique was founded in 1974 as Compagnie Antillaise d'Affretments Aériens-CAAA. The offocial operating name from the early 1980s was Societé Nouvelle Air Martinique.
In July 2000, Air Martinique was merged with Air Guadeloupe, Air St Barthélémy and Air St Martin to form Air Caraïbes (see).
Cities Served.
Cities served in 1997

</doc>
<doc id="18776600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776600" title="RAF West Beckham">
RAF West Beckham

Royal Air Force West Beckham or RAF West Beckham is a former Chain Home Radar station controlled by the Royal Air Force located South east of Holt, Norfolk and South west of Cromer, Norfolk, England.
RAF West Beckham opened in 1938 and closed in 1958. The station included a transmitter site, receiver site, generator site, underground reserves as well as two separate camps.
History.
During the Second World War, several WAAFs were stationed here and B Site 'Marl Pit WAAF camp' located in nearby Lower Bodham is well known to the local population. The other accommodation site was known as C Site, home to Royal Norfolk Regiment in 1940, followed by Military Police and then RAF Regiment. 
The radar site itself located at West Beckham was known as A Site. 
The station Commander during World War II was famous dance band leader Marius B. Winter (1898–1956). Due to his background in the entertainment industry he was able to get good people in to entertain the people at the camp. Every Sunday night, a dance would be held at B Site which was popular with the RAF, Army and locals alike. Winter was at West Beckham from 1942 until 1946. Other Commanding Officers included F/L Gardner and F/L Ingham before Winter assumed command. During the 1950s the Commanding Officers were F/L J.H.W Griffith, F/L T.Bradford, F/L R.W Chaston, F/L C.A Brown, F/L Keith Yexley followed by F/L William R. Jones. Sometime during the late 1940s there was a F/L Melville in charge. F/L Turpin an Australian and former Lancaster pilot was a radar officer at the station and sometimes acting CO.
In the 1950s very few dances were held at the station, maybe the number was in single figures. However each Friday night an event known as the Bodham Hop was held in Bodham village hall and was very popular with airmen and local girls alike.
During the war shift changes at RAF West Beckham were at 8 am, 1 pm and 6 pm. During the 1950s radar at West Beckham was done on a dawn til dusk basis apart from during the odd exercise when 24 hours coverage was often provided.
After the Second World War, C Site went into care and maintenance. A Site closed in 1956 shortly followed by B Site in 1958. B Site lasted longer as it was also used by personnel from RAF Bard Hill. 
The station had close links with the local fighter station RAF Matlaske.
RAF West Beckham reported to the filter room at RAF Watnall which was the HQ to No. 12 Group RAF during its life. Originally RAF West Beckham was parented to RAF Bircham Newton, then RAF Wittering and finally RAF Coltishall. The distance to Bircham Newton and especially Wittering proved a major disadvantage with daily trips to Coltishall needed for supplies.
There were four metal transmitter pylons which were high and four wooden receiver pylons which were high. The wooden masts were blown up in the summer of 1957, the metal masts were taken down in late 1957 and early 1958.
Remains.
The station fence lasted until the early 1980s by when it had almost rusted away.
Today the station is in private ownership with many of the buildings still in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="18776608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776608" title="Jerry Kennedy">
Jerry Kennedy

Jerry Glenn Kennedy (born 10 August 1940) is an American record producer, songwriter and guitar player.
Early years.
Kennedy was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. As a child, he recalls "beating on broomsticks and other things" as his initial forays into music-making. His first guitar was a Silvertone, which his parents bought for him when he was "eight or nine." He began taking guitar lessons from local guitar legend Tillman Franks. Kennedy attended various shows around the Shreveport area as a boy, including the legendary "Louisiana Hayride". One show he particularly remembers attending is Hank Williams' last show at the Shreveport Municipal Auditorium saying, "I was a kid sittin' on the front row."
In 1954, Elvis Presley performed on "Louisiana Hayride", and Kennedy was in attendance with a friend. He recalls their frustration with the young girls who screamed incessantly, preventing his friend and him from hearing Scotty Moore, Elvis' guitar player, clearly during the performance. "e got mad at all of the girls screamin', because we couldn't hear Scotty when Elvis was doin' his shakin'. It upset us that we couldn't hear the guitar."
Career.
Kennedy signed a recording contract with RCA Records at age 11. He subsequently recorded several singles, several of which included Chet Atkins. Thereafter Kennedy became something of a teen idol at his high school. Though he never became a star as a vocalist, he sang background vocals for several Mercury Records artists as a teenager. After working recording sessions around Shreveport for several years, he was convinced to move to Nashville by Irving Green, president of Mercury Records. Kennedy arrived in Nashville just as the country music boom of the 1960s was getting underway. Soon after his arrival, he was asked to not only work as a talent scout for Mercury's country subsidiary, Smash Records, but to begin producing sessions and playing in recording sessions as well.
A recipient of four Grammys, Kennedy has seen his dobro and guitar work featured on the albums of artists as varied as Elvis Presley, Kris Kristofferson and Ringo Starr. Another work done by Kennedy on dobro was Jeannie C. Riley's "Harper Valley PTA". Kennedy played or produced on nearly all of the country music records of Jerry Lee Lewis.
In 1968, Shelby Singleton, who had served something of a mentor to Kennedy, left Smash. Kennedy took the reins, and ran Smash Records for 16 years, working with country music artists such as Roger Miller, Reba McEntire, Johnny Rodriguez, and Tom T Hall. Hall, speaking in 1974, credited Kennedy with getting him started in the business. "I had a lot of good songs I couldn't get recorded. Jerry Kennedy of Mercury Records asked me to record them, so I did." After receiving this encouragement from Kennedy, Hall went on to record nine LPs with Mercury Records from 1968 to 1974, including his famous "Harper Valley PTA". Kennedy himself left Mercury in 1984 to start JK Productions, through which he produced albums by The Statler Brothers and other artists.
In 1987, Kennedy and David Briggs released a cut for Mercury Records credited to Joe Kenyon, which was a cover of Vangelis' "Hymne". E & J Gallo Winery used this version in its commercials, and it went to number 33 on Hot Country Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="18776622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776622" title="Scott Woodward">
Scott Woodward

Scott Ray Woodward is a microbiologist and molecular biologist who specializes in genetic genealogy and ancient DNA studies. He was a professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) from 1989 to 2003. He is currently the president and principal investigator for the Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation. Woodward is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).
One of his main assistants in the molecular genealogy project is Ugo Perego.
Woodward graduated from the College of Eastern Utah in 1978. He received his Ph.D. from the Utah State University, where he studied under Eldon Gardner. In 1989 he was made a professor at BYU. Early in his research career, he did DNA studies on Egyptian mummies and the Dead Sea Scrolls. He also led a team that worked to decipher dinosaur DNA. Woodward was involved in the discovery of the first genetic marker for cystic fibrosis.
In 1991, Woodward was one of the BYU professors who suggested students be banned from driving cars to campus.
In 1994, Woodward announced to have extracted and typed DNA from an 80-million-year-old Cretaceous dinosaur bone, but S. Blair Hedges and other ancient DNA experts demonstrated that Woodward had really sequenced human DNA.
Woodward has served as a visiting professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1994–1995.

</doc>
<doc id="18776630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776630" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Production)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Production)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for best production.
1982 Franz Seitz, Michael Wiedemann
1983 Karel Dirka
1984 Bernd Eichinger, Dieter Geißler, Günter Rohrbach
1986 Bernd Eichinger
1987 Werner Herzog, Lucki Stipetic
1988 Christian Wagner
1989 Moritz Bormann, Wolf Gaudlitz, Rainer Söhnlein
1990 Steffen and Thomas Kuchenreuther, Joseph Vilsmaier
1991 Eberhard Junkersdorf
1992 Bob Arnold, Hanno Huth, Günter Rohrbach, Joseph Vilsmaier
1993 Bernd Eichinger
1994 Clemens Kuby, Peter Zenk
1995 Dr. Michael Verhoeven, Joseph Vilsmaier
1996 Jakob Claussen, Luggi Waldleitner, Thomas Wöbke
1997 Eberhard Junkersdorf
1998 Stefan Arndt, Wolfgang Becker, Dani Levy, Tom Tykwer
1999 Rob Houwer, Peter Schamoni, Franz Xaver Gernstl
2000 Kerstin Dobbertin von Fürstenberg, Harald Kügler, Herbert Rimbach
2001 Andreas Bareiß, Gloria Burkert, Peter Herrmann
2002 Karl Blatz, Uschi Reich, Peter Zenk
2003 Jakob Claussen, Uli Putz
2004 Bernd Eichinger
2005 Christoph Müller and Sven Burgemeister, Marc Rothemund and Fred Breinersdorfer
2006 Andreas Richter, Annie Brunner and Ursula Woerner
2007 Harald Kügler and Molly von Fürstenberg

</doc>
<doc id="18776633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776633" title="Online community manager">
Online community manager

The online community manager role is a growing and developing profession. People in this position work to build, grow and manage online communities around a brand or cause. 
History.
While the term "online community manager" may not have been used at the time, the role has existed since online systems first began offering features and functions that allowed for community creation. These early efforts, in the form of Bulletin board systems, had leaders known as System Operators or Sysops. The early 1990s saw the growth of mainstream online computer services such as Prodigy, CompuServe and America Online. Prominent features of these services included communities which went by various names; Special Interest Groups, Communities of Interest and so on. And their leaders were often referred to as Community Managers.
General roles.
Online community managers may serve a variety of roles depending on the nature and purpose of their online community, which may or may not be part of a profit motivated enterprise. Patti Anklam has asserted that "Every network has an underlying purpose" and motivations for such network creation include; Mission, Business, Idea, Learning or Personal.
She claims such leaders hold the collective vision, create and manage relationships and manage collaborative processes. Anklam does not distinguish a fundamental difference for these roles as related to the varying purposes of network, (i.e. community), creation.
Professional roles.
This is an emerging and fast growing profession, especially given the growth of branded online communities, online research communities, corporate blogs and other social media marketing and research activities.
There is a list of online community managers employed by large corporations (a Fortune 5000 company or over 1,000 employees). This list is certainly not exhaustive and does not include the many community managers at smaller organizations, but it does indicate the prevalence of the position in mid 2008.
Authorities.
In most of the online communities, a Community Manager is one of the most powerful member/s. Her/his position is considered above any other forum staff.
A community manager can hire Moderators and Forum Administrators. Normally a Community Manager is the employee of the organisation and is not a volunteer.
Culture and appreciation.
In 2010, an international Community Manager Appreciation Day to take place on the 4th Monday of January. People are encouraged to send sincere thank you notes to their online community managers.
CA Technologies participated in the 2011 Community Manager Appreciation Day by issuing a press release and a YouTube video to publicly celebrate the contributions of its community managers. Many other events around the world commemorate this event.

</doc>
<doc id="18776647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776647" title="Qila">
Qila

Qila (), (, ) or Qala is a Persian word meaning a fort or castle. Qala is used in names of places as a prefix in Iran, Turkey, Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, India, Pakistan and Palestine:

</doc>
<doc id="18776653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776653" title="Milan Zver">
Milan Zver

Milan Zver (born 25 May 1962) is a Slovenian politician, sociologist and political scientist who serves as vice-president of the Slovenian Democratic Party. Between 2004 and 2008, he was Minister for Education and Sports in Janez Janša's centre-right government. In the European elections of 2009, he received the highest number of preferential votes in Slovenia, and was subsequently elected to the European Parliament.
He is a member of the Reconciliation of European Histories Group.
Life and career.
Zver was born in Ljubljana, FPR Yugoslavia, but spent most of his childhood in the village of Destrnik in the eastern Slovenian region of Styria. After finishing high school in Ptuj, he enrolled to the University of Ljubljana, where he studied sociology and political science at the Faculty of Social Sciences. He graduated in 1987 and continued his studies at the University of Graz under the supervision of the scholar Horst Haselsteiner. He obtained his MA in 1990, but in 1992 he left the research work at the university and decided to undertake public service in Slovenia instead. A member of Slovenian Social Democratic Party since 1990, Zver served as advisor to the Deputy Prime Minister Jože Pučnik and later to the Minister of Defence Janez Janša. After the Social Democratic Party left Janez Drnovšek's coalition government in 1994, Zver served as a secretary of the Municipal Council of Ljubljana until 1999, and later as an advisor to the parliamentary group of the Slovenian Social Democratic Party (now known as the Slovenian Democratic Party) in the National Assembly of Slovenia. From 2002 to 2004, he served as member of the Municipal Council of Ljubljana.
In 1998, Zver obtained his PhD at the University of Ljubljana under the supervision of historian Janko Prunk. The same year, he started teaching sociology at the University of Maribor. He has written several articles and monographs in political analysis and history of political thought.
In the parliamentary elections of 2004, Zver was elected to the Slovenian National Assembly. He left the Parliament shortly afterward in order to serve as Minister for Education and Sports in the centre-right government led by Janez Janša. Until 2007, he also served as the chairman of the commission for the improvement of the conditions of the Romani community in Slovenia.
As the Minister of Sports, he attended the opening ceremony of the 2008 Summer Olympics as the representative for Slovenia.
Recent activities.
After the victory of the left-wing coalition led by Borut Pahor in the 2008 parliamentary elections, Zver was replaced by Igor Lukšič as Minister of Education of Sports.
In 2009, he was chosen to head the Slovenian Democratic Party's list of candidates to the European Parliament. The list obtained the highest procentage of votes in Slovenia, while Zver received the highest number of preferential votes in the country, resulting in the election to the European Parliament.
Zver has been member of several executive bodies of the Slovenian Democratic Party (SDS) since 1992, at first as an adviser and subsequently as a member. He is currently vice president of the party. He has also been active on the international political scene, mostly within the European People's Party and in conservative think tanks such as the International Republican Institute and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation.
He is a signatory of the Prague Declaration on European Conscience and Communism.
Private life.
Zver is married and has two daughters. His daughter Manca Zver is a famous model and TV host. Zver is also an amateur football player. Besides Slovene, he is fluent in English, German and Serbo-Croatian. He has been married twice. His current wife is the Slovenian historian Andreja Valič Zver.

</doc>
<doc id="18776678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776678" title="Breton National Wildlife Refuge">
Breton National Wildlife Refuge

Breton National Wildlife Refuge is located in southeastern Louisiana in the offshore Breton Islands and Chandeleur Islands. It is located in the Gulf of Mexico and is accessible only by boat. The refuge was established in 1904 through executive order of President Theodore Roosevelt and is the second-oldest refuge in the National Wildlife Refuge System.
History.
In 1904, President Roosevelt heard about the destruction of birds and their eggs on Chandeleur and Breton Islands and soon afterward created Breton NWR. He visited the Island in June 1915; this is the only refuge Roosevelt ever visited. The island has been the site of a lighthouse station (eventually destroyed by Hurricane Katrina) a quarantine station, a small fishing village and even an oil production facility. Ultimately all these man-made structures will be destroyed by nature and only the birds will remain. Fishermen, birdwatchers and even artists such as Walter Inglis Anderson visit the island to enjoy its bounties.
Breton NWR includes Breton Island in Plaquemines Parish and all of the Chandeleur Islands in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana. The barrier islands that make up Breton NWR are remnants of the Mississippi River's former St. Bernard Delta, which was active about 2,000 years ago. These barrier islands are dynamic; their sizes and shapes constantly are altered by tropical storms, wind, and tidal action. The area above mean high tide is approximately . Elevations on Breton NWR range from sea level to above mean sea level. Early literature on Breton and the Chandeleur Islands mentions trees and a generally higher elevation than exists today. In 1915, several families and a school were located on Breton Island. Prior to the hurricane of that year, the island was evacuated. The hurricane destroyed the settlement, and it was never rebuilt.
All of the federally-owned lands, except for North Breton Island, in Breton NWR became part of the National Wilderness Preservation System on January 3, 1975 (Public Law 93-632). North Breton was excluded because an oil facility, owned by Kerr-McGee, Inc., was located on that island. The Breton Wilderness, according to the Clean Air Act, is listed as a Class I Prevention of Significant Deterioration Area. Recently, the only visible improvement within the wilderness was the Chandeleur Lighthouse on the north end of the islands; the lighthouse was constructed before the turn of the century.
Fauna.
Breton NWR provides habitat for colonies of nesting wading birds and seabirds, as well as wintering shorebirds and waterfowl. Twenty-three species of seabirds and shorebirds frequently use the refuge, and 13 species nest on the various islands. The most abundant nesters are Brown Pelicans, Laughing Gulls, and Royal, Caspian, and Sandwich Terns. Waterfowl winter near the refuge islands and use the adjacent shallows, marshes, and sounds for feeding and for protection during inclement weather. Redheads and Lesser Scaup account for the majority of waterfowl use. Other wildlife species found on the refuge include coypu, rabbits, raccoons, and loggerhead sea turtles.
Flora.
The dominant vegetation on Breton NWR are Black Mangrove ("Avicennia germinans"), Groundsel Bush ("Baccharis halimifolia"), and Wax myrtle ("Myrica cerifera"). Shallow bay waters around the islands support beds of Manatee Grass ("Cymodocea filiformis"), Shoal Grass ("Halodule wrightii"), Turtle Grass ("Thalassia testudinum"), and Widgeon Grass ("Ruppia maritima").
Storm and hurricane damage.
The 2005 storm season was very bad for the pelicans of Breton NWR. In June, Tropical Storm Arlene moved through the Gulf of Mexico. The storm washed over the islands at a time when many juvenile pelicans were unable to escape and many eggs were still in the nests. On top of that, an oil spill washed directly into the nesting areas and many young pelicans were covered with oil. Some of the pelicans were rescued, rehabilitated and returned to the refuge but many more did not survive.
Breton NWR also took a direct hit from Hurricane Katrina. There was significant erosion of the islands. Large areas of beach and marsh were destroyed and much of the vegetation that stabilizes the islands and provides habitat for the pelicans and other animals was uprooted or damaged. The Chandeleur Island Lighthouse was destroyed.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is working with their partners to respond to the many problems created by the damage to the islands. It would take many years for the islands to recover naturally (if ever) so they will do what they can to rebuild and re-vegetate the islands. They are also monitoring the brown pelicans and other birds that return to nest on the islands and nearby, less desirable habitat to determine the long term impact on this endangered species.
A wildlife recovery seems to be occurring, however. As many as 2,000 brown pelican nests have been reported on the refuge in 2007. The pelican nests, eggs and chicks remain vulnerable through the tropical storm season and until they have fledged and can forage on their own.
Oil spill.
On April 30, 2010, an oil spill from the rig "Deepwater Horizon" approached the wildlife refuge. The refuge was closed on May 7, 2010 to limit disturbances of nesting sea birds and allow cleanup operations to proceed unimpeded.

</doc>
<doc id="18776687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776687" title="2003 New York Giants season">
2003 New York Giants season

The 2003 New York Giants season was the team's 79th season in the National Football League. The team was unable to duplicate their 2002 season's playoff appearance, instead only winning four games and finishing the season on an eight game losing streak which cost head coach Jim Fassel his job. 

</doc>
<doc id="18776696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776696" title="Vanessa Freebairn-Smith">
Vanessa Freebairn-Smith

Vanessa Freebairn-Smith is a cellist, based in Los Angeles, California. She is a founding member of the Sonus Quartet, formed in 2003, which presents art music in alternative and unusual ways, fusing classical with pop, rock, and hip-hop. 
Freebairn-Smith has performed with the Sonus Quartet at presentations such as The Grammy's, The AMA's, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and the Late Show with David Letterman. Over the past few years, she has worked in conjunction with artists such as Sarah McLachlan, Ringo Starr, Billy Preston and Dhani Harrison, Sting, Jay-Z, Jewel, John Frusciante, and k.d. lang.
When she's not working with the Sonus Quartet, Freebairn-Smith plays a wide variety of musical genres from classical to rock and does both studio work for albums as well as film and television scores, also performing live in many venues and television presentations. She recently toured with Gnarls Barkley as well as Josh Groban on his 'Awake' tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18776703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776703" title="Don Wallace">
Don Wallace

Donald Allen Wallace (born August 25, 1940 in Sapulpa, Oklahoma) is a former Major League Baseball player. Wallace played 23 games with the California Angels in the 1967 season. He had six at-bats, without a hit. He attended Oklahoma State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18776708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776708" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Alameda County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alameda County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Alameda County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="18776718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18776718" title="RAF Matlaske">
RAF Matlaske

RAF Matlaske (known officially as RAF Matlask) was a satellite air field of the Royal Air Force to RAF Coltishall, situated near Matlaske in Norfolk, England.
History.
In September 1942, the airfield was allocated to the 8th United States Army Air Forces as a fighter base but was only used from March to April 1943 by P-47 Thunderbolts of the 56th Fighter Group from RAF Kings Cliffe.
From August 1942 to July 1943, No. 56 Squadron RAF Typhoons from RAF Snailwell moved to Manston.
No. 195, 245, 266 and 609 Squadron Typhoons, No. 19 Sqn Spitfires and the USAAF's 56th Fighter Group P-47 Thunderbolts were detached here at various times from August 1942 to August 1943.
From April to May 1943, No. 1489 Flight RAF conducted target towings with Hawker Henleys, Westland Lysanders, M.25 Martinets and M.9 Masters, which were also based at RAF Coltishall and RAF Sutton Bridge.
In August 1943, the airfield was transferred to 8th USAAF control and rebuilt. Reopened in September 1944 and used by 3, 19, 56, 65, 122, 229, 451, 453, 485, and 601 Squadrons at various times until October 1945.
From July to October 1945, the British Army operated Taylorcraft Austers as liaison aircraft from here.
Units.
The following units served at Matlaske at one point or another during World War II:
Aircraft.
The following aircraft types served at the base:

</doc>
