<doc id="18704932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704932" title="2008 Bulgarian Supercup">
2008 Bulgarian Supercup

The 2008 Bulgarian Supercup was the 6th Bulgarian Supercup match, a football match which was contested between the "A" professional football group champion, CSKA Sofia, and the winner of Bulgarian Cup, Litex Lovech. The match was held on 3 August 2008 at the Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia, Bulgaria. CSKA beat Litex 1–0 to win their third Bulgarian Supercup.

</doc>
<doc id="18704936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704936" title="Baby Bottom Butter">
Baby Bottom Butter

Baby Bottom Butter is a balm sold by English supermarket chain Waitrose, used upon babies' bottoms to soothe them and prevent nappy rash. It is produced in Hampshire. When they reformulated it to remove preservative parabens and other petrochemicals, they found that sales increased significantly as mothers started to use it themselves, in place of expensive skin cream. The natural ingredients now include olive oil, camomile oil and lavender. As the word spread through parenting websites, with many women praising its softening and firming effect, the product sold out at many stores. In 2008, the product sold eight years worth of stock in just four months following this buzz. Enthusiasm for the balm continued and, in 2011, it was announced to be Waitrose's best-selling skincare product.

</doc>
<doc id="18704941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704941" title="Moseten–Chonan languages">
Moseten–Chonan languages

Mosetén–Chon is a proposal linking the Mosetenan languages (Tsimané) and the Chon languages of South America. Kaufman (1990) finds the connection fairly convincing.

</doc>
<doc id="18704943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704943" title="Maccan River">
Maccan River

The Maccan River is a small tidal river contained completely within Cumberland County, Nova Scotia. The river terminates at the confluence of River Hebert at Amherst Point, and empties into the Cumberland Basin. The river's tidal bore may be viewed from the Tidal Wetlands Park in Maccan. According to estimates by the Province of Nova Scotia, there are 9,092 people resident within the Maccan/Kelly/Hebert watershed in 2011. 
Tributaries include the Nappan River, Patton Creek, St. Georges Brook, and Kennedy Creek. The river passes through the communities of Maccan and Athol, Nova Scotia.
The main line of the Canadian National Railway follows the Maccan River for part of its length.

</doc>
<doc id="18704962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704962" title="Wash Water">
Wash Water

Wash Water is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Enborne. The settlement lies adjacent to the A34 road (Newbury Bypass), and is located approximately south-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18704976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704976" title="Charnock">
Charnock

Places.
Charnock, Sheffield: Charnock is a suburb of Sheffield, UK.
People.
Charnock is a surname of English origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704993" title="Ariel Kenig">
Ariel Kenig

Ariel Kenig (born June 24, 1983) is a French writer. He was born to a French mother and a Polish father, grew up in a Parisian suburb, and discovered literature when he was 17.
Ariel Kenig left school in 2003 to write. He met Audrey Diwan, a French writer and series editor at Denoël, one of the most prestigious French publishing houses, who published his first novel, "Camping Atlantic", in June 2005. This celebrated first novel deals with teenage violence and boredom, and with the strength of brotherhood, through the story of the protagonist, Adonis.
Subsequently, Kenig dedicated himself to theater, writing three plays : "Elle t'embrasse", "Pas ce soir" et "Pompéi ou le suspense pornographique", before publishing his second novel, "La Pause", in 2006, a work of social fiction that brings the reader to the suburbs of Paris and the industrial plants of carmaker Renault, and features Kenig's introspection and sociological observation. He then turned to other genres and published a pamphletary essay, "Quitter la France", in which he analyses what remains of the French identity, a few weeks before Nicolas Sarkozy’s victory at the French presidential election. A fourth novel, "New Wave", is due for release on August 27, 2008, by Flammarion, another prestigious French publishing house. It is based on a script by the French actor and screenwriter Gaël Morel. 
Ariel Kenig is known for his acute awareness of contemporary social questions and a literary and dramaturgic sensitivity that expresses itself in his sentences, and has been called one of the leaders of the actual French literature.

</doc>
<doc id="18705010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705010" title="Latvian pensions law referendum, 2008">
Latvian pensions law referendum, 2008

A referendum on amendments in the pensions law was held in Latvia on 23 August 2008. It failed due to low turnout, as 453,730 votes (half of the votes cast in the previous parliamentary election) would have been necessary to make it valid. If it had succeeded, minimum pensions would have been tied (until end of 2009) to the government-set subsistence benefit level with a higher coefficient than earlier, in effect tripling the minimum pension from 50 lati to at least 135 lati. The referendum was strongly supported by an organisation called Society for Different Politics, which aimed to become a political party.

</doc>
<doc id="18705018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705018" title="Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott">
Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott

Nickelodeon Resorts by Marriott was a proposed Nickelodeon-themed multi-resort to be developed with Viacom (owner of Nickelodeon Television Network), Miller Global Properties, LLC (Resorts developer and owner - The company owns Nickelodeon Suites Resort), and Marriott International (Resort operator). The first hotel was slated to open in 2010 at San Diego's Liberty Station. Six hundred fifty rooms were planned, a water park, and some attractions. This was to be the first of 20 resorts to be under construction by 2020. The project was cancelled in 2009 amid a flagging economy.The fate of the remaining 19 hotels remains unclear in light of Marriott's current relationship with Nickelodeon, which is limited to hosting weekend getaways at existing resorts.[http://travel.usatoday.com/hotels/post/2010/05/marriott-hotels-to-woo-families-this-summer-with-help-from-nickelodeon-spongebob-and-dora/93954/1

</doc>
<doc id="18705024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705024" title="1978 Major League Baseball Draft">
1978 Major League Baseball Draft

First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1978 Major League Baseball draft.
Background.
In 1978, four players made the jump from amateur baseball to the major leagues, including Arizona State third baseman Bob Horner, who was selected number one overall by the Atlanta Braves. Oakland pitchers Tim Conroy and Mike Morgan, and Brian Milner of Toronto also went directly to the big leagues.
In addition to Horner, the Braves also selected future major leaguers Matt Sinatro (2nd round), Steve Bedrosian (3rd round), Rick Behenna (4th round), Jose Alvarez (8th round) and Gerald Perry (11th round).
Others drafted in June 1978 included Lloyd Moseby and Dave Stieb (Toronto), Mike Marshall and Steve Sax (Los Angeles), Cal Ripken, Jr. and Mike Boddicker (Baltimore), Kirk Gibson (Detroit), Kent Hrbek (Minnesota) and Hubie Brooks (New York Mets).

</doc>
<doc id="18705025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705025" title="Lists of solar eclipses">
Lists of solar eclipses

There are several lists of solar eclipses

</doc>
<doc id="18705296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705296" title="Independence-class littoral combat ship">
Independence-class littoral combat ship

The "Independence"-class is a class of littoral combat ships built for the United States Navy.
The hull design evolved from a project at Austal to design a 40 knot cruise ship. That hull design evolved into the high-speed trimaran ferry and the "Independence" class was then proposed by General Dynamics and Austal as a contender for Navy plans to build a fleet of small, multipurpose warships to operate in the littoral zone. Two ships were approved, to compete with Lockheed Martin's design for a construction contract of up to 55 vessels.
As of 2010, the lead ship is active, while a second ship, , is under construction. Despite initial plans to only accept one of the "Independence" and "Freedom" classes, the Navy has requested that Congress order ten additional ships of each class, for a total 12 ships per class. In February 2012, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that the fifth "Independence"-class littoral combat ship will be named , and the sixth . In April 2013, the name was assigned to LCS-14, while in June 2013, the name was assigned to LCS-16.
Planning and construction.
Planning for a class of small, multipurpose warships to operate in the littoral zone began in the early 2000s. In July 2003, a proposal by General Dynamics (partnering with Austal USA, the American subsidiary of Australian shipbuilder Austal) was approved by the Navy, with a contract for two vessels. These would then be compared to two ships built by Lockheed Martin to determine which design would be taken up by the Navy for a production run of up to 55 ships.
The first ship, was laid down at the Austal USA shipyard in Mobile, Alabama, on 19 January 2006. The planned second ship was cancelled in November 2007, but reordered in May 2009, and laid down in December of that year as , shortly before "Independence" was launched.
The development and construction of "Independence" as of June 2009 was running at 220% over-budget. The total projected cost for the ship is $704 million. The Navy had originally projected the cost at $220 million. "Independence" began builder's trials in July 2009, three days behind schedule because of maintenance issues. A leak in the port gas turbine saw the order of trials altered, but builder's and acceptance trials were completed by November. and although her first INSURV inspection revealed 2,080 deficiencies, these were rectified in time for the ship to be handed over to the Navy in mid-December, and commissioned in mid-January 2010.
Navy leaders said that the fixed price competition offered the Austal design an equal shot, in spite of its excess size, cost and limited service.
After much inconsistency on how testing and orders were to proceed, in November 2010, the Navy asked that Congress approve ten of both the "Independence" and "Freedom" classes.
Design.
The "Independence"-class design began life at Austal as a platform for a high-speed cruise ship. The principal requirements of that project were speed, stability and passenger comfort, and Austal's team determined that the trimaran hull form offered significant passenger comfort and stability advantages over both a catamaran and a monohull. The high-speed cruise ship project evolved into Austal's commercial high-speed trimaran ferry . The ships are long, with a beam of , and a draft of . Their displacement is rated at 2,176 tons light, 2,784 tons full, and 608 tons deadweight.
The standard ship's company is 40, although this can increase depending on the ship's role with mission-specific personnel. The habitability area with bunks is located under the bridge. The helm is controlled by joysticks instead of traditional steering wheels.
Although the trimaran hull increases the total surface area, it is still able to reach sustainable speeds of about , with a range of . Austal claims that the design will use a third less fuel than the competing "Freedom" class, but the Congressional Budget Office found that fuel would account for 18 percent or less of the total lifetime cost of "Freedom".
The lack of bridge wings on the "Independence" class has been noted as the top problem in the entire LCS program to the extent that these will need to be retrofitted onto existing ships.
The lightweight aluminum construction of the "Independence"-class ships makes them more vulnerable to damage than the "Freedom"-class ships.
Modular mission capability.
The "Independence" class carries a default armament for self-defense, and command and control. However, unlike traditional fighting ships with fixed armament such as guns and missiles, tailored mission modules can be configured for one mission package at a time. Modules may consist of manned aircraft, unmanned vehicles, off-board sensors, or mission-manning detachments.
The interior volume and payload is greater than some destroyers and is sufficient to serve as a high-speed transport and maneuver platform. The mission bay is , and takes up most of the deck below the hangar and flight deck. With of payload volume, it was designed with enough payload and volume to carry out one mission with a separate mission module in reserve, allowing the ship to do multiple missions without having to be refitted.
One Mobicon Flexible Container Handling System is carried on each ship in order to move mission containers.
In addition to cargo or container-sized mission modules, the bay can carry four lanes of multiple Strykers, armored Humvees, and their associated troops. An elevator allows air transport of packages the size of a shipping container that can be moved into the mission bay while at sea. A side access ramp allows for vehicle roll-on/roll-off loading to a dock and allows the ship to transport the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle.
Armament and sensors.
The Raytheon SeaRAM missile defense system is installed on the hangar roof. The SeaRAM combines the sensors of the Phalanx 1B close-in weapon system with an 11-missile launcher for the RIM-116 Rolling Airframe Missile, creating an autonomous system.
The "Independence"-class ships also have an integrated LOS Mast, Sea Giraffe 3D Radar and SeaStar Safire FLIR. Northrop Grumman has demonstrated sensor fusion of on and off-board systems in the Integrated Combat Management System (ICMS) used on the LCS. The vessels have an Interior Communications Center that can be curtained off from the rest of bridge instead of the heavily protected Combat Information Center found on Navy warships.
Side and forward surfaces are angled for reduced radar profile. The is designed for operations from "Independence"-class ships.
The flight deck, , can support the operation of two SH-60 Seahawk helicopters, multiple unmanned aerial vehicles, or one CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter. H-60 series helicopters provide airlift, rescue, anti-submarine, radar picket and anti-ship capabilities with torpedoes and missiles. DARPA's Tactically Exploited Reconnaissance Node (TERN) program aims to build a Medium-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicle (MALE UAV) that can operate from LCS-2 and can carry a payload of out to an operational radius of . First flight of a TERN demonstrator is expected in 2017. The trimaran hull will allow flight operations up to sea state 5. Austal USA vice president Craig Hooper has responded to critics of the class's light armament by suggesting that the ships employ long range drones instead.
Control system.
The control system for this class is provided by General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems through an open architecture computing infrastructure (OPEN CI), while Lockheed provides their own control system for their variant of the LCS. OPEN CI includes the information technology (IT) infrastructure for the combat and seaframe control systems. This IT infrastructure also includes the primary operator interface for the control and monitoring of mission module operations.
The General Dynamics OPEN CI is also used on the , also built by Austal.
Corrosion management.
After the lead ship of the class suffered from aggressive disintegration at the molecular level, Austal has made changes to the remaining ships in the class. "Coronado" will have "new anti-corrosion surface treatments", and "Jackson" will have "an array of tested corrosion-management tools and processes".
Derivative designs.
Austal has proposed a much smaller and slower trimaran, called the 'Multi Role Vessel' (MRV 80). Though it is only half the size of their LCS design, it would still be useful for border protection and counter piracy operations.
Ships.
One "Independence"-class LCS has been commissioned. A second has been launched. Two more are under construction, and four others have been named.
On March 5, 2013, the Navy awarded contract options to fund construction of LCS-14 and LCS-16, the fifth and sixth ships in its 10-ship block buy.
An additional four "Independence"-class ships are planned.

</doc>
<doc id="18705297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705297" title="Freedom-class littoral combat ship">
Freedom-class littoral combat ship

The "Freedom" class is one of two classes of littoral combat ship built for the United States Navy.
The "Freedom" class was proposed by Lockheed Martin as a contender for USN plans to build a fleet of small, multipurpose warships to operate in the littoral zone. Two ships were approved, to compete with the "Independence"-class design offered by General Dynamics and Austal for a construction contract of up to 55 vessels.
, two ships are active and a third is under construction. Despite initial plans to only accept one of the "Freedom" and "Independence" variants, the USN has requested that Congress order ten ships of each variant.
Planning and construction.
Planning for a class of small, multipurpose warships to operate in the littoral zone began in the early 2000s. The construction contract was awarded to Lockheed Martin's LCS team (Lockheed Martin, Gibbs & Cox, Marinette Marine, Bollinger Shipyards) in May 2004 for two vessels. These would then be compared to two ships built by Austal USA to determine which design would be taken up by the Navy for a production run of up to 55 ships.
On 15 April 2003, the Lockheed Martin LCS team unveiled their Sea Blade concept based on the hull form of the motor yacht "Destriero".
The keel of the lead ship was laid down in June 2005, by Marinette Marine in Marinette, Wisconsin. She was christened in September 2006, delivered to the Navy in September 2008, and commissioned that November. During INSURV trials, 2,600 discrepancies were discovered, including 21 considered high-priority. Not all of these were rectified before the ship entered service, as moving the ship away from Milwaukee before the winter freeze was considered a higher priority.
Cost overruns during "Freedom"s construction combined with projected future overruns led the government to issue a "Stop-work" in January 2007 and ultimately led to the cancellation of construction of LCS-3 (the second Lockheed Martin ship) on April 13, 2007. This ship was later re-ordered.
After much inconsistency on how testing and orders were to proceed, in November 2010, the USN asked that Congress approve ten of both the "Freedom" and "Independence" variants.
Design.
The ship is a semi-planing steel monohull with an aluminum superstructure. It is in length, displaces 2,950 metric tons, and can go faster than . The design incorporates a large reconfigurable seaframe to allow rapidly interchangeable mission modules, a flight deck with integrated helicopter launch, recovery and handling system and the capability to launch and recover boats (manned and unmanned) from both the stern and side.
The flight deck is 1.5 times the size of that of a standard surface ship, and uses a Trigon traversing system to move helicopters in and out of the hangar. The ship has two ways to launch and recover various mission packages: a stern ramp and a starboard side door near the waterline. The mission module bay has a 3-axis crane for positioning modules or cargo. Problems with the electrical systems are the most serious problems with the "Freedom" class.
The fore deck has a modular weapons zone which can be used for a 57 mm gun turret or missile launcher. A Rolling Airframe Missile launcher is mounted above the hangar for short-range defense against aircraft and cruise missiles, and .50-caliber gun mounts are provided topside. The is designed for operations from "Freedom" variant ships.
The core crew will be 40 sailors, usually joined by a mission package crew and an aviation detachment for a total crew of about 75. Automation allows a reduced crew, which greatly reduces operating costs, but workload can still be "gruelling". During testing of the class lead, two ship's companies will rotate on four-month assignments.
Four 750-kilowatt Fincantieri Isotta-Fraschini diesel generators provide 3 megawatts of electrical power to power the ship systems.
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that fuel will account for only "8 percent to 18 percent" of the total life-cycle costs for "Freedom". Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama has called the report into question and has suggested that the "Independence", built in his state, would be more fuel efficient and that less frequent refuelings would have an impact on military operations beyond the cost of fuel.
In 2012, a Navy cybersecurity team found major deficiencies in Lockheed's Total Ship Computing Environment, which controls the entire ship in order to reduce crewing requirements.
Ships.
Two "Freedom"-class LCS ships have been commissioned. Four more "Freedom"-class LCS are under construction by Lockheed Martin.
An additional five "Freedom"-class ships are planned.
Surface Combat Ship.
Lockheed Martin has offered an Aegis Combat System-equipped variant for national missile defense radar picket use to a number of Persian Gulf states.
The Surface Combat Ship will be offered to Saudi Arabia as part of the 2011 arms deal. The total cost for the eight ships is reported to be as much as $5 billion.
In 2012, Lockheed renamed the SCS to match GD's Multi-Mission Combatant term and revealed that the full capabilities, such as Aegis, would only be available on a stretched 3,500 ton hull.
Lockheed has also been working on a trimmed down version of the "Freedom" combat system to offer on the international market for smaller patrol vessels. This Multi-Mission Combat Ship adds in phased-array radar and a vertical launch system on a smaller hull with a smaller crew size, at the cost of removing the high speed gas turbines and one third of the mission module area.

</doc>
<doc id="18705309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705309" title="Helen Levitov Sobell">
Helen Levitov Sobell

Helen Levitov Sobell (13 March 1918 - 15 April 2002) was the wife of Morton Sobell and she petitioned to save the Rosenbergs.
Biography.
Helen Levitov was born on March 13, 1918 in Washington, DC. During her lifetime, she attended Wilson Teachers College. Throughout World War II she worked at the National Bureau of Standards as a spectrometer technician. In 1938, Levitov married Clarence Darrow Gurewitz. They divorced seven years later, in 1945.
Levitov went to work at the General Electric Company in Schenectady, New York, where she met, then married, Morton Sobell. Levitov Sobell then studied physics at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Levitov Sobell moved to New York Cityin 1947 and was, three years later, awarded an M.S. from Columbia University.
After being accused of spying, she and her husband fled to Mexico. They were abducted on August 16, 1950 and were turned over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. She was not prosecuted, but her husband was convicted of "conspiracy to commit espionage" and sentenced to 30 years in federal prison.
She then taught science at the Elisabeth Irwin High School. Her husband was released from prison in 1969. She then got her Ph.D. in computer education from Teachers College, Columbia University in 1972. The Sobells divorced in 1980 and she moved to San Francisco in 1981.
She had Alzheimer's disease and died on April 15, 2002 at a nursing home in Redwood City.

</doc>
<doc id="18705314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705314" title="Juan Coronel">
Juan Coronel

Juan Coronel (born 1569, in Spain; died 1651, at Mérida, Mexico) was a Spanish Franciscan missionary.
Life.
He made his academic studies at the University of Alcalá de Henares, and joined the Franciscans of the province of Castile. He was sent to Yucatán, Mexico, in 1590, and there so familiarized himself with the Maya language that he was able to teach it, the historian Diego López de Cogolludo being one of his pupils. 
Father Coronel was one of the foremost Christian teachers in Yucatán in the seventeenth century. He was a strict Observantine for sixty-seven years, always travelling barefooted. His austerity impeded his election to the office of Provincial of the Franciscan Order in Yucatán.
Works.
Cogolludo says he wrote a Maya grammar ("Arte") that was printed in Mexico, of which, however, nothing else is known. A catechism in Maya: "Doctrina cristiana en lengua Maya", was published at Mexico in 1620, and in the same year there appeared in print, also at Mexico, "Discursos predicables y tratados espirituales en lengua Maya". Both are exceedingly rare. 

</doc>
<doc id="18705332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705332" title="Johnston's Jolly Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Johnston's Jolly Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Johnston's Jolly Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery containing the remains of some of the Allied troops who died during the Battle of Gallipoli.
The battles at Gallipoli were an eight-month campaign fought by British Empire and French forces against the Ottoman Empire in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea. 
Johnston's Jolly was the north end of Plateau 400 in the ANZAC sector which was captured by the 2nd Australian Infantry Brigade on 25 April 1915, the day of the landing, but recaptured by Turkish forces the following day and remained under Turkish control for the rest of the campaign.
The Turkish name for the position was "Kirmezi Sirt", Red Ridge, whilst the ANZAC troops called it Johnston's Jolly because it was opposite Colonel George Johnston's field artillery position which would be used to "jolly up" the defending Turks.
The cemetery was constructed after the Armistice and populated with remains found on the surrounding battlefield. There is only one identified individual, although the nationalities of a few other graves are known and special memorials record the names of 36 Australian soldiers known to be buried in the cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18705334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705334" title="Dave Rezendes">
Dave Rezendes

Dave Rezendes is a former NASCAR driver. He competed in the Busch Series from 1988 until 1994. He joined NASCAR's Craftsman Truck Series in its first season in 1995. Rezendes had his best season in 1996, when he won his only three races and finished sixth in the series points. He stopped racing trucks during the 1998 after the ninth race of the season, and returned to the Busch Series for seven more races for two teams near the end of the season. He has not competed in NASCAR since then.

</doc>
<doc id="18705342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705342" title="Whistley Green">
Whistley Green

Whistley Green is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of St Nicholas Hurst.
The settlement lies near to the A321 road, and is located approximately east of Reading.

</doc>
<doc id="18705352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705352" title="Tilburg chess tournament">
Tilburg chess tournament

The Tilburg chess tournament was a series of very strong chess tournaments held in the Tilburg, Netherlands. It was established in 1977 and ran continuously through 1994 under the sponsorship of Interpolis, an insurance company. Fontys Hogescholen shortly revived the tournament series from 1996 to 1998, when the last edition was played. Since 1994 there is another annual chess tournament taking place in Tilburg, which has the name "De Stukkenjagers", the field is generally much weaker than the traditional Tilburg tournament.
1977.
The first edition was a very strong all-grandmaster event of Category 14. It was a single round-robin tournament with twelve players. Karpov won the event.
1978.
The second edition was similar in strength as the first edition, again an all grandmaster event of category 14. No Russian players participated as Karpov and Korchnoi were playing a match at that time and their proposed Russian replacements were not accepted. Portisch won the event.
1992.
In 1992 the tournament was for the first time held in the knockout format and comprised three days per round. Game one on day one, game two on day two (both at classic time limits). Day three was a rest day, but for those tied 1-1 it was the day to play two more tie-break games (each with rapid time limit) and in a few cases, another two. The format was described by some commentators as very brutal. Anyone getting off to a slow start would be eliminated and sent home in just two or three days, such as happened to the entire Hungarian squad of Lajos Portisch, Gyula Sax, Zoltán Ribli, József Pintér and Peter Leko. Those who did not win cleanly in the initial two games of each round found fatigue a great problem, due to having to give up their rest days. The benefit over the old double round-robin format, was that it opened up the potential for an unexpected winner and this made it exciting for the spectators. The traditional format favours those highly graded players who win year after year by agreeing quick draws against their closest rivals and defeating the rest.
The 1992 edition had 111 participants, 94 in round one, with the 47 winners then being joined by 17 seeded players given a bye to round two. Round two therefore comprised 64 players, round three 32 and round four 16. Below are the results from round four onwards. At the time, this was the largest prize fund of any traditional tournament. Adams won 100,000 Dutch guilders, the overall fund was 500,000 dg. The seeded players were given very generous conditions of a guaranteed 10,000 guilders to ensure their attendance.
1993.
The 1993 edition was played in the same format as the 1992 edition with 112 participants; round one had 96 unseeded entrants and 16 seeded players (with a bye) joined the winners in round two. Tie-break games were played at a time control of twenty minutes plus ten second increment. The prize fund was the same as last year: 500,000 Dutch guilders (100,000 for the winner) and minimum 10,000 dg. guaranteed to seeded players. Of the seventeen host country players that started, only two made it past the first round. They were joined by the seeded Jan Timman and Jeroen Piket. Paul van der Sterren declined to play after his request to be seeded was turned down.
1994.
The final edition to be organised under Interpolis' sponsorship was another large knockout tournament.
At the opening ceremony, a spokesman for Interpolis shocked the audience with an announcement that the company was reconsidering its chess and other public relations activities, following a total merger with Rabobank. FIDE President Florencio Campomanes attended the opening, primarily to lend support to the FIDE Women's Candidates tournament, which was being held at Tilburg alongside the Interpolis event.
The event commenced with a first round of 112 participants and the 56 winners were then joined by eight seeded players to make up a 64-player second round. The seeded players were Karpov (Elo rating 2780), Salov (2710), Ivanchuk (2695), Bareev (2695), Khalifman (2645), Epishin (2650), Timman (2635), and K. Georgiev (2615).
Due to a clash with another strong tournament in Horgen, the line-up was slightly depleted this time. Garry Kasparov, Alexei Shirov, Artur Yusupov, Viktor Korchnoi, Joël Lautier, Boris Gelfand, Peter Leko and Tony Miles were among those who favoured the rival event. Additionally, some Russian players were staying at home to prepare for their national championship, a pre-cursor to selection for the Olympiad team.
Everyone was surprised to see the return of the Brazilian GM Henrique Mecking, a former world-class player, who had suffered a life threatening condition some eighteen years previously and had been in a slow recovery ever since.
Held at the Interpolis headquarters, round one heralded the largest number of 'big reputation' casualties since the introduction of the knockout format. Alexander Beliavsky, Victor Bologan, Mikhail Gurevich, Curt Hansen, Lembit Oll, Alon Greenfeld, Ilya Smirin, Veselin Topalov and home favourite Jeroen Piket all had to pack their bags after just three days.
As before, each round comprised two (classic time limit) games on days one and two, followed by a rest day, which was also the day to conclude tie-breaks (starting with pairs of rapid time limit games and followed, if necessary, with blitz games).

</doc>
<doc id="18705353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705353" title="Johann Christoph Gatterer">
Johann Christoph Gatterer

Johann Christoph Gatterer (July 13, 1727 – April 5, 1799) was a German historian who was a native of Lichtenau. He was the father of cameralist Christoph Wilhelm Jacob Gatterer (1759–1838) and poet Magdalena Philippine Engelhard (1756–1831).
From 1747 he studied theology at Altdorf, where his interest later changed to history. In 1752 he became a school teacher of history and geography in Nuremberg, and in 1756 gained his professorship in natural history. In 1759 he was appointed professor of history at the University of Göttingen, where he remained for the next forty years.
Gatterer was a pioneer of "universal history", and with fellow Göttingen historian August Ludwig von Schlözer (1735–1809), he was instrumental in developing a modern, hermeneutical approach to history. He believed that historical events needed to be systematically arranged by describing their causal relationships, rather than simply providing a chronology of events. Gatterer used the phrase "nexus rerum universalis" to represent "a universal connection of things in the world". 
His focus dealt largely with ancillary disciplines such as genealogy, heraldry, diplomacy, and physical geography, and he treated these subjects from a modern scientific viewpoint. Gatterer promoted his ideas on these subjects in the journals "Allgemeine historische Bibliothek" (1767–1771) and "Historisches Journal" (1772–1781).
Since 1954 the Johann Christoph-Gatterer Medal is awarded by the "Genealogisch-Heraldische Gesellschaft Göttingen" (GHGG) for scientific achievements in the field of genealogy and heraldry.

</doc>
<doc id="18705367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705367" title="Three-dimensional quartz phenolic">
Three-dimensional quartz phenolic

Three-dimensional quartz phenolic (3DQP) is a phenolic-based material composed of a quartz cloth material impregnated with a phenolic resin and hot-pressed. When cured, 3DQP can be machined in the same way as metals and is tough and fire-resistant. 3DQP is used for the manufacture of nuclear weapon re-entry vehicles (RV).
The quartz material 'hardens' the RV protecting the nuclear warhead against high-energy neutrons emitted by exo-atmospheric Anti-ballistic missile (ABM) bursts before re-entry.
3DQP was first used on the British Chevaline improved front end (IFE) for the Royal Navy's UGM-27 Polaris system that was in service from 1982 to 1996, when it was replaced by Trident D5.
Manufacture.
A licence to manufacture 3DQP in the US was acquired from the British Government and production was undertaken by AVCO, one of the two suppliers of US RV's, the other being General Electric. First production examples of the Chevaline ReBs were manufactured by AVCO, now part of Textron. Subsequently, production was undertaken in the UK at the Royal Ordnance Factory Burghfield using quartz material purchased from France. Documents declassified in 2013 describe in some detail the process whereby a quartz two-dimensional cloth is hand woven from quartz threads with conventional wefts and warps within a stainless steel matrix before being impregnated under pressure with a phenolic resin. A third dimension was then woven through the cavities created by removal of the stainless steel matrix before these threads were impregnated with phenolic resin inside an autoclave pressurised at up to 2000 psi. The resulting material was then lathe-turned to the ReB profile, internally and externally.
The supply by AVCO of test samples of 3DQP to France without UK permission caused friction between the British Government and AVCO, and action in the US courts by the British government.

</doc>
<doc id="18705370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705370" title="Talmei Bilu">
Talmei Bilu

Talmei Bilu (, "lit." Bilu Furrows) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Netivot and Rahat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 332.
The moshav was established in 1953 by immigrants from Kurdistan and Romania. Its name marked the 70th anniversary of the first Bilu arriving in the Land of Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="18705376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705376" title="Wickham, Berkshire">
Wickham, Berkshire

Wickham is a village in Welford civil parish about north-west of Newbury, Berkshire. The M4 motorway passes just north of the village.
Archaeology.
Wickham is on the course of a Roman road that linked Calleva Atrebatum (Silchester) with Corinium Dobunnorum (Cirencester). Many traces have been found in Welford parish of habitation when Britain was under Roman rule.
Parish church.
The Church of England parish church of Saint Swithin has a Saxon tower, built probably in the 11th century. It seems to have been built originally as a free-standing defensive tower. Later a nave and small chancel were added to form a chapel of ease for Wickham, which in the Middle Ages was a hamlet of Welford.
By the time of the Domesday Book in 1086 the Benedictine Abingdon Abbey seems to have held the parish church at Welford and its chapel at Wickham. During the reign of Henry I (between 1100 and 1135) St. Swithin's had to provide of candle-wax "per" year for the altar at Abingdon Abbey. In 1396 St. Swithin's paid 50 shillings "per" year to the Abbey in lieu of of candle-wax.
A Jacobean pulpit was installed in St. Swithun's in 1629 and a north aisle was added in 1827. The church tower has only one bell. It was cast in 1617 and bears the initials "R P".
In 1845 the nave, chancel and north aisle were all demolished. Between 1845 and 1849 a new church was built with a nave, chancel and both north and south aisles in a Decorated Gothic style, and a Norman Revival style bell-chamber was added to the top of the tower. All were designed by the Gothic Revival architect Benjamin Ferrey, who included carved "Norfolk angels" supporting the nave roof and eight "papier maché" elephants' heads appearing to support the aisle roof.
Wickham House.
A rectory at Wickham seems to have been built during the reign of Henry II (between 1154 and 1189). However, the present building dates from the 18th century. Ferrey greatly enlarged and altered it, adding a tower, spire and remarkable Gothic Revival bay window. The Jacobean pulpit from St. Swithun's was dismantled and its panels used to make a cupboard in the servants' hall of the house.
In 1852 St. Gregory's parish church at Welford was also demolished and a new Gothic Revival church built in its place. Extensive carved stonework was salvaged from St. Gregory's and re-used to decorate the rectory garden at Wickham. A vinery was built using six Perpendicular Gothic windows, five being 15th-century originals and the sixth a modern copy. A 15th-century doorway and some 13th-century windows were also included in the vinery. Elsewhere in the garden two 15th-century piers from the south aisle and many other fragments from St. Gregory's were set up.
The remains of St. Gregory's were still in the rectory garden in 1924 but all had been demolished before 1966, along with the tall spire on the house. The building is no longer a rectory and is now called Wickham House.
Social and economic history.
The Domesday Book recorded five mills in the manor of Welford, but it is not clear if any of these were at Wickham. No later record is known of any mill in the parish.
By 1275–76 an annual royal fair was held at Wickham. In 1924 there was still an annual Wickham Feast on Saint Swithun's patronal festival, 15 July.
An open field system of farming prevailed until 1820, when the common lands of Wickham and most of the rest of Welford parish were inclosed.
By 1924 Welford parish had an elementary school and it was at Wickham.

</doc>
<doc id="18705386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705386" title="Paul Thormodsgard">
Paul Thormodsgard

Paul Gayton Thormodsgard (born on November 10, 1953 in San Francisco, California) was a Major League Baseball pitcher in the late 1970s. He and threw batted right-handed. Thormodsgard played three seasons in the majors, all of them as a member of the Minnesota Twins from 1977 to 1979. In 50 career games, Thormodsgard had a 12–21 record with an ERA of 4.74. He allowed 4 home runs, 33 runs, and had 118 strikeouts. 
In , Thormodsgard started 37 games while posting a 11–15 record and striking out 94 batters.
In Thormodsgard's final season in , he pitched one inning in one game in relief, allowing one run and getting a no decision.

</doc>
<doc id="18705388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705388" title="The Rear Guard">
The Rear Guard

The Rear Guard was a 1976 pilot episode for an American adaptation of the British situation comedy "Dad's Army". Set in World War II, "The Rear Guard" followed a band of men in the American Civil Defense (circa 1942) who were part of an auxiliary force in the event of an invasion of the USA. The episode was an adaptation of "The Deadly Attachment", in which a German U-Boat crew are placed under the supervision of the platoon.
The pilot was aired on Tuesday the 10 August 1976, broadcast simultaneously on American Broadcasting Company channel 7 and 8. However it was not popular and never made it past its pilot to become a series. As it was a failure, the original tapes the show was recorded on were wiped. However copies of the show are in the possession of the show's director Hal Cooper and other producers that were associated with the show.
Cast.
As "The Rear Guard" was a remake of "Dad's Army", many of the characters were visible in the remake, under alternative names. Here is a list of the characters and their original counterparts.
Sergeant Max Raskin - Lou Jacobi (Arthur Wilson) <br>
Captain Nick Rosatti - Cliff Norton (George Mainwaring) <br>
Bert Wagner - Eddie Foy Jr. (Jack Jones)<br>
Don Crawford - John McCook (Joe Walker)<br>
Bobby Henderson - Dennis Kort (Frank Pike)
The characters of Privates Godfrey and Frazer were not re-created.

</doc>
<doc id="18705394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705394" title="Commissaire Moulin">
Commissaire Moulin

Commissaire Moulin (English: Police Commissioner Moulin) is a French television series on the air since 1976.
Synopsis.
The show was created in 1976 and suspended in 1982, only to be resumed in 1989.
Actors.
Other actors appearing in the series:

</doc>
<doc id="18705402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705402" title="Kieran White">
Kieran White

Kieran Raymond White was a British vocalist (with a baritone voice) and guitarist. He sang and played in the blues-rock band Steamhammer, formed in 1968. Their debut album "Steamhammer" was released in 1969, on which he co-wrote many of the songs and also played harmonica. He left the band in 1971. White also sang for the jazz-rock band Nucleus.
White's solo album, "Open Door", was released in 1975.
White died in August 1995 in Oregon, United States, of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18705406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705406" title="Wickham Heath">
Wickham Heath

Wickham Heath is a small village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Welford.
The settlement lies north of the A4 road, and is located approximately north-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18705411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705411" title="Ridemakerz">
Ridemakerz

Ridemakerz (alternatively written "RIDEMAKERZ") is an American retailer of customizable toy cars. The business was started in 2007 by Larry Andreini, Chip Foose (of TLC Overhaulin'), and Maxine Clark (of Build-A-Bear Workshop).
History.
The first location opened June 1, 2007 in Myrtle Beach, SC at Broadway at the Beach. Since then, twelve locations had opened in ten other states. In late 2009 Ridemakerz began closing most of their stores. By the end of 2009, Ridemakerz will have closed nine of their twelve stores, the four remaining stores will be Myrtle Beach, SC, Downtown Disney Walt Disney World, Downtown Disney Disneyland, and Branson, MO. Plus they will be selling their products in the newly repurchased and re-imagined Disney Stores.
The company currently holds licenses to make the Chevrolet Corvette, Dodge Challenger, Dodge Ram, Dodge Viper, Ford F-250 Super Chief, Ford Mustang, Mini Cooper, and the Scion xB.
In April 2008, "Ridemakerz" won "Best Attraction Retailing" for stores under in Chain Store Age Magazine's "Retail Store of the Year" awards
Company information.
Ridemakerz is a limited liability company. It was founded in 2007 in St. Louis, Missouri and moved to Rancho Santa Margarita, California in 2009. The main financier is investor Norman Pozez. Build-A-Bear owns about 25% of the company. In 2010 it is opening a warehouse and distribution center in Valencia, California (it currently uses the system of Build-A-Bear) and moving its headquarters to Irvine, California. There are approximately 250 employees nationwide and 16 employees at its headquarters.
Process.
While in the store, the customers (known as "customizers") come into the store and build "ridez" that can either be a freewheeling car or remote control car. It is estimated that over 649,000,000 different ride combinations are possible.
Stores.
There are (at present) four locations. Each store's number is prefixed with "15" and the order of opening denotes the individual store number. The number 1513 was skipped.
RZ Virtual World.
December 2008- Ridemakerz launched their Ridemakerz Virtual World, which is similar to Build a Bear Workshops Build-A-Bearville, closed beta testing.
March 2009- RZ Virtual World opened from its closed beta test.
September 2009- Ridemakerz stopped tech support for their virtual world.

</doc>
<doc id="18705413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705413" title="Ionikos Nikaias B.C.">
Ionikos Nikaias B.C.

Ionikos Nikaias B.C. (Greek: KAE Iωνικός Νικαίας is a Greek professional basketball club that was founded in Nikaia, Piraeus in 1965.
Arena.
Ionikos' home arena is the Platonas Gymnasium (Greek: Γυμναστήριο Πλάτωνας) which is an indoor arena located in Nikaia, Piraeus with a capacity of 1,500 seats.
Classification 2008-09.
"As of May 4, 2009."
C LEAGUE 
"South - Group 2"
"As of May 4, 2009."
C LEAGUE CUP.
"As of December 7, 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="18705418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705418" title="Roy Smith (1980s pitcher)">
Roy Smith (1980s pitcher)

Le Roy Purdy Smith is a former professional baseball pitcher and executive. He played all or part of eight seasons in Major League Baseball from until . He is currently a scout for the New York Mets.
Playing career.
Smith was drafted in the 3rd round of the 1979 Major League Baseball Draft by the Philadelphia Phillies. After three seasons in the Phillies' farm system, Smith and two other players, were traded to the Cleveland Indians late in the season for pitcher John Denny.
After another season and a half in the minors, he made his major league debut on June 23, , against the Seattle Mariners, a game in which he also picked up his first major league win.
Smith split between the major and minor leagues once again, then was traded in the following off-season to the Minnesota Twins in a four-player deal. He continued to shuttle between the majors and minors for three more seasons before finally making the majors to stay in . He had his best season that year, going 10–6 with a 3.92 ERA. He would fall to 5–10 with an ERA nearly a run higher the following season, and was released.
Smith pitched one more season in the majors for the Baltimore Orioles in , but with even less success. He continued to pitch in the minors until , when he finally retired.
Baseball executive.
After spending his final season with the Buffalo Bisons in the Pittsburgh Pirates system, the Pirates made him a scout in 1994. He moved into the team's front office, serving as assistant general manager from until , then moved on to the Los Angeles Dodgers. There, he worked as their Vice-President for Scouting and Player Development for two seasons, but left the organization along with his boss, Paul DePodesta, and returned to the Pirates. He later worked as a scout for the Toronto Blue Jays. He became a scout for the Mets in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18705420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705420" title="Klahim">
Klahim

Klahim (, "lit." Corncobs) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Netivot, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 307.
The moshav was established in 1954 by immigrants from Iran, Morocco and Tunisia. It was initially called Shoval Daled and then Shadma, before adopting its current name.

</doc>
<doc id="18705427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705427" title="Þorláksson">
Þorláksson

Þorláksson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Þorlákur". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18705437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705437" title="Ixia viridiflora">
Ixia viridiflora

Ixia viridiflora, also known as Turquoise "Ixia", is a tall member of the genus "Ixia". It comes from around the Tulbagh in South Africa, Cape Province. It has small corms under the ground.
This corn lily is a very rare plant. Its habitats are often destroyed by human influence so the conservation status of this interesting flower is vulnerable and is tending to worse.
The plant gets the name "Turquoise Ixia" from the really spectacular blue-green turquoise colour of the flowers, which is a rare colour for flowers. They are grouped in long inflorescences and are traditionally star-shaped like in most corn lilies. They have a black-purple centre. The ovary is 3-locular. This flower is pollinated by specific scarab beetles known as monkey beetles of the tribe Hopliini.
The Turquoise Ixia has very good ornamental traits with its beautiful inflorescences but is very rare in cultivation because of its conservation status.

</doc>
<doc id="18705439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705439" title="Jason Nabewaniec">
Jason Nabewaniec

Jason Nabewaniec (born October 6, 1977 in Rochester, New York) is an American Green politician and has twice been elected (2007, 2009) to two-year terms as one of the seven co-chairs of the Green Party of the United States.
He grew up in Jamesville, New York just outside of Syracuse, New York, where he attended Jamesville-DeWitt High School.
Nabewaniec attended the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) graduating with a BS in Civil Engineering Technology in 2001. Nabewaniec played defense on RIT's Lacrosse team, and specialized in jumps and sprints on both RIT's indoor and outdoor Track and Field Teams.
In 2003 Nabewaniec married Misty.
Nabewaniec was catapulted into political activism after having spent several years working for the Monroe County Water Authority. Having witnessed the massive corruption that plagued the local public authority, Nabewaniec decided to fight the leaders of the political parties that were using Government services for personal profit.
In 2002 Nabewaniec met Green Party Congressional candidate Rachel Treichler, and made his commitment to building the Green Party.
Nabewaniec spent several years working on party building and local campaigns with the Green Party of Monroe County.
Nabewaniec lives in Rochester, New York. He is working as a design engineer in the public sector and finishing his Master's thesis in Environmental, Health and Safety Management at Rochester Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18705442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705442" title="We're No Bad Guys">
We're No Bad Guys

"We're No Bad Guys" aka. "We Are No Bad Guys" (愛上百份百英雄) is a 1997 Action Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing.
Synopsis.
Plane (Ekin Cheng), a troubled cop who hits the skids when his girlfriend Carrie (Gigi Leung) is killed by a stoic hitman named Angel (Alex Fong). One year later he finds himself saddled with new partner Turkey (Jordan Chan), an immature cop who is in love with up-and-coming idol singer Tinny Chung (Vivian Hsu). There are the usual growing pains as the two partners learn to like and trust one another. Plane meets Tinny's friend Mandy, her looks resemble Carrie's and they fall in love. Angel then returns to settle old scores.

</doc>
<doc id="18705605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705605" title="Greatstone-on-Sea Halt railway station">
Greatstone-on-Sea Halt railway station

Greatstone-on-Sea Halt was a railway station which served the modern village of Greatstone-on-Sea in Kent, England. The station opened in 1937 and closed in 1967.
History.
The station came about in 1937 when, in response to holiday camp development in the area, the Southern Railway decided to realign its branch line to New Romney (which had been opened in 1884) closer to the sea and to open two intermediate stations - Lydd-on-Sea and Greatstone-on-Sea. Greatstone was convenient for Greatstone Camp and Maddieson's Holiday Camp and competed with services provided by the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway (RHDR) which had already been operating in the area for a decade. The station was equipped with basic facilities consisting of a long single platform on the up side with a simple shelter. An extensive concrete forecourt was, however, provided for the coaches which were expected to ferry in crowds of holidaymakers.
The failure of Greatstone to develop into a substantial holiday resort, coupled with the inconvenient siting of the station by comparison with the RHDR's Greatstone Dunes and Romney Sands stations, led to it being downgraded to an unstaffed halt in 1954. As passenger traffic continued to dwindle and freight became insignificant, the New Romney branch fell into decline and was listed for closure in the Beeching Report. In 1966 the Minister of Transport Barbara Castle announced her intention of closing the Appledore to New Romney Branch and passenger services ceased on 6 March 1967.
Greatstone Website
Present day.
Although the trackbed from Romney Junction towards New Romney is easily traceable, nothing remains of Greatstone-on-Sea Halt today except for the concrete forecourt which is used for parking and a slightly raised area of ground where the platform once lay. The platform was demolished in the 1980s and an access road to a school car park crosses the platform area.

</doc>
<doc id="18705621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705621" title="Aurora Village–Wells College Historic District">
Aurora Village–Wells College Historic District

The historic village of Aurora, Cayuga County, New York rises on a hill above the eastern shore of Cayuga Lake. The village was named by Captain Benjamin Ledyard, who settled there in 1793, in the post-Revolutionary development of the Finger Lakes region. Up until the mid-nineteenth century, Aurora played an important part in the history of Central New York.
County seat for first Onondaga County and later Cayuga County, the village was also a leading market town in the region. A steam-powered flour mill was built in 1817, the first of its kind west of Albany, contributing to Aurora's importance as a commercial center. Aurora was a major shipping point for goods bound up the Lake and through the Erie Canal, until the canal's role was replaced by railroads in the mid-19th century.
Its significant business entrepreneurs included men such as Henry Wells, founder of American Express and Wells Fargo, whose operations created new express mail and banking services that spanned New York state and reached to the developing state of California. Having earned capital in shipping and trade, Edwin Barber Morgan invested with Wells and served as a director for Wells Fargo for years. In addition, Morgan founded the United States Express Company, which provided express mail to the South, and he was an important early investor in the "New York Times". They and other successful men built ambitious grand houses in the village, an architectural legacy which has contributed to its significance.
With wealth, Aurora's capitalists supported education. Wells founded Wells Seminary, later Wells College, in 1868, starting Aurora's second period of historic significance. Morgan also supported the college.
In 1980, the Aurora Village–Wells College Historic District was entered on the National Register of Historic Places.
Aurora Village properties.
The contributing properties in the village of Aurora are of varied styles and vintage. They include commercial buildings, the Masonic temple, three churches, many homes, some barns and two cemeteries.
Commercial properties.
The vernacular-design Patrick Tavern was built in 1793 and is the oldest building in the village. Built in 1898, the Tudor Revival style Aurora Free Library/Morgan Opera House served until 1996 as the Public Library/Town Hall, as it was originally intended by benefactor Louise Morgan Zabriskie. The brick, Greek Revival style Aurora Inn was built in 1833. A complete renovation was completed in 2003. The Shakelton Funeral Home is a large, white, neo-classical wooden structure built in 1903-1904.
Solomon Myers, a mason, built The Bank of local limestone circa 1840 for use as his home. In 1864 the second owner sold the building to a consortium forming the First National Bank of Aurora. At that time, several physical improvements were made and the Italianate features were added before the bank opened. Edwin Barber Morgan, a leading citizen of Aurora, had the E.B. Morgan House built in 1857-1858. It was designed by New York City architect Joseph C. Wells, who also designed the Presbyterian Church in Aurora. The imposing stone mansion on the shore of Cayuga Lake now operates as a bed and breakfast inn. Other commercial properties that contribute to the district include: the Shakelton Hardware Store, the Aurora Office Building, Mack's Drug Store, the Aurora Village Hall, the White Elephant Shop, the Aurora IGA, and the Thompson Block. 
Masonic Lodge.
Robert Livingston, who administered George Washington's oath of office and was Grand Master of the Masons, signed the charter for the Masonic Lodge in Aurora, received in 1797. It is known as the Scipio Lodge #110. New York State Governor DeWitt Clinton, also Grand Master of the Masons, laid the cornerstone for the existing structure in 1819. The Masonic emblems incorporated in the design of the structure survive to this day.
Churches.
Three churches contribute to the historic district. The Presbyterian Church, built in 1860, is of Romanesque design, with a Gothic steeple. It was designed by New York City architect Joseph C. Wells, who also designed the E.B. Morgan House. St. Paul's Episcopal Church is Greek Revival in style and was built in 1870-1871. It is located on the east side of Main Street. Across the street is St. Patrick's Catholic Church, built in 1873 of Italianate design. Both were designed by local architect Samuel Mandell. 
Homes.
Over fifty homes contribute to the historic district, too many to enumerate. The imposing Taylor House on the east side of Main Street was built around 1838 and was the site of many village celebrations. Mandell House was built by local architect Samuel Mandell for his own use. It is designed in a combination of Queen Anne and Stick styles. The romantic Queen Anne-style Abbott House is at the northern end of town. The Leffingwell House was the first house built of brick in Aurora, circa 1826.
The Cuyler House is the birthplace of Theodore Ledyard Cuyler, Presbyterian clergyman and writer, according to the historical marker in the front yard. The Federal-style Peter Fort House was built in 1819-1820.
Wells College.
In 1868, Wells Seminary, later Wells College, was founded by Henry Wells, founder of American Express (1850) and Wells Fargo (1852). The campus includes fourteen properties contributing to the historic district. Glen Park, built in 1852, was originally the home of Henry Wells and later donated to the college. The house was designed by noted architect A.J. Davis, while the grounds were designed by equally notable architect A.J. Downing.
Another event in the life of Henry Wells happened in 1850 --- he moved with his family from New York City to Aurora to a large house that stood on the east side of Court Street in the middle of what is now Cherry Avenue. This house burned May 18, 1851, and he began planning his new home immediately.His choice of a location for his home could scarcely have turned out better either for him or for Wells College. It was part of a farm, just south of Aurora, formerly owned by John Morgan, one of the six sons of Christopher Morgan. Henry Wells purchased thirty-eight acres of this farm, a strip of land beginning at Cayuga Lake and running eastward north of the ravine. He named his estate Glen Park and located his residence on the north side of Glen Park Ravine.
The following description of Glen Park is taken from a prospectus written in 1875. "The house is of Tuscan villa architecture - the outer walls are of blue limestone, the inner of brick with a chamber between, rendering them impervious to dampness and making the rooms cool in summer and warm in winter. The partitions of the main building are of brick from the foundations upward. The halls and rooms are spacious and sunny, commanding charming views from each window."
On the newel at the bottom of the circular staircase in Glen Park is a silver plate engraved as follows: “C.N. Otis, Architect; N. H. McGrath, Builder. Erected A.D., 1852." This circular staircase is one of Glen Park's unique features.
Miss Annie MeGreevey, Mr. Mandell's housekeeper for many years, tells the story of its building. Samuel D. Mandell (1829-1917), educated as an architect, began his career away from Aurora. Early in 1852 his father wrote him that there would be plenty of work in Aurora and that he should come home. Mandell arrived just before Glen Park was completed. The architect had left the well for the circular staircase, but had postponed building it because he was not sure how best to do it. When he heard that Man-dell had returned, he asked him to construct the staircase. The circular staircase in Glen Park, therefore, was the first work that Mandell did in Aurora. Afterward he was the architect of the first Wells College building, the three churches, and several residences including that of Edwin B. Morgan.
Pettibone House is a Gothic Revival structure built of stone in 1858. The Main Building was built in 1890. The Wells College Boathouse, on Cayuga Lake, was built in 1898. The science building, Zabriskie Hall, was built in 1905.
The remaining nine contributing properties on campus are Fritt House, Power House, Boyer Cottage, Macmillan Hall, South Hall, Bellinjou, Dining Hall, Cleveland Hall, and Morgan Hall.
External links.
A BRIEF HISTORY OF AURORA, NY - BY TEMPLE RICE HOLLCROFT
FOR THE Wells College Alumnae News 1950 - 1958.
Revised By The Aurora Committee For The American Bicentennial 1976

</doc>
<doc id="18705630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705630" title="Woodspeen">
Woodspeen

Woodspeen is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Speen.
The settlement lies near to the A34 road (Newbury Bypass), and is located approximately north-west of Newbury.

</doc>
<doc id="18705647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705647" title="Patish">
Patish

Patish (, "lit." Hammer) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Ofakim, it falls under 683.
The village was established on 3 March 1950, and was named after the nearby Horvat Patish (lit. "Patish Ruins"). To begin with, immigrants from Egypt were brought to settle the site. However, they refused to leave the truck which brought them to the site. After several trials, a group of Kurdish Jews settled in the moshav in May that year.
In March 1955 armed Arab infiltrators from the Gaza Strip attacked a wedding at the village with hand grenades. 24 guests were injured and one killed.

</doc>
<doc id="18705654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705654" title="Paulician dialect">
Paulician dialect

The Paulician dialect is a Bulgarian dialect of the Rhodopean group of the Rup dialects. The Paulician dialect is spoken by some 40,000 people, nearly all of them Catholic Bulgarians, in the region of Rakovski in southern Bulgaria and Svishtov in northern Bulgaria. The language of the Banat Bulgarians, late 17th century Bulgarian Catholic migrants to Banat, is phonologically and morphologically identical to the Paulician dialect (Banat Bulgarian language). However, as a result of its three-century separation from Standart Bulgarian and its close interaction with German and Hungarian, Banat Bulgarian has adopted a number of loanwords not present in Standard Bulgarian and a Croatian-based Latin alphabet and is therefore now considered to be one of the three literary forms of Modern Bulgarian. The Paulician dialect is almost entirely surrounded by the Central Balkan dialect. It keeps many archaic characteristics and thus represents an older stage of development of the Rhodopean dialects.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Rup or Rhodopean dialects, cf. Rup dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#pavlikjanski]
Edouard Selian: Le dialect Paulicien, In: The Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Armenian Linguistics, McGill University, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, 1995. Publisher: Caravan books, Delmar, New York, 1996, 408 pp.

</doc>
<doc id="18705662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705662" title="Television in Indonesia">
Television in Indonesia

Television in Indonesia began on August 24, 1962 in Jakarta with the state-run station, TVRI, which began broadcasting on the seventeenth anniversary of the Indonesian Independence. It held a television monopoly in Indonesia until 1989, when the first commercial station, RCTI (Rajawali Citra Televisi Indonesia) began as a local station and was subsequently granted a national license a year later.
Each of the networks have a wide variety of programs, ranging from traditional shows, such as "wayang" performances, to programs like "Indonesian Idol" which are based on Western models. One typical television show common to almost every network is "sinetron". Sinetron is usually a drama series, following the soap opera format, but can also refer to any fictional series. Sometimes it can be comedic, like the popular Bajaj Bajuri series, featuring a "bajaj" driver and the people he drives around.
History.
The first time the Indonesian public witnessed the demonstration of a television was in 1955, 29 years after its introduction in 1926, and 26 years after world's first television broadcast was made in 1929. These first televisions were brought from the Soviet Union during the Yogyakarta 200 years anniversary fair. ("Pekan Raja 200 Tahoen Kota Djogjakarta").
On July 25, 1961, the Minister of Information, R. Maladi, signed an agreement ("SK Menpen") to create a committee for the preparation of the establishment of television in Indonesia. This was established as a part of the preparation for the fourth Asian Games. There was only a year to create a studio, broadcast tower, and other technical equipments in the former site of the Information Academy at Senayan. In that short period of preparation, Soekarno had a very prominent role, going as far as to personally choosing the equipment and where they should be imported from. The first experimental TV broadcast was the singular documentary of a celebration of the 17th Anniversary of Indonesia's Independence on August 17, 1962.
At 14.30, August 24, 1962, the citizens of Jakarta witnessed the live broadcast of the opening ceremony of the 4th Asian Games from Gelora Bung Karno. This broadcast was held by the Television Division of the Radio and Television Organizing Committee Bureau. This day is now recognized as the birth of "Televisi Republik Indonesia" or TVRI, the first television station in Indonesia.
On October 20, 1963, the government issued a Presidential Decision ("Keppres") regarding the formation of the Institution of TVRI ("Jajasan TVRI"). In the first year of the TVRI broadcast, there are 10,000 television owners. Since then, the Institution of TVRI alloted a tax for television-owners until 1969, when the television property tax was transferred through post and giro. From 1963 to 1976, TVRI established television stations in Yogyakarta (1965), Medan (1970), Makassar (1972), Balikpapan (1973), and Palembang (1974). In 2001, TVRI has 12 television stations and 8 production studios. Color broadcast was introduced on September 1, 1979.
Advertisement was introduced to TVRI on March 1, 1963 to coupe with the increasing broadcast hours. This advertisement was known as "Siaran Niaga" (literally "advertisement broadcast"). Now, television advertisements and other general advertisings are known simply as "iklan" ("advertisement").
On August 16, 1976, the Domestic Satellite Communication System ("Sistem Komunikasi Satelit Domestik" or SKSD) through Palapa A1 was inaugurated. This communication satellite was the first satellite owned by Indonesia and one of the first satellite operated by a developing country. Palapa A1 has 12 transponders which allows TVRI to distribute its broadcast to the entire Nusantara.
On January 5, 1980, President Soeharto issued an instruction to remove advertisements from TVRI. The reason for this is from the believe that advertisements may create negative effects for the development of Indonesia during that time. This instructions had created pros and cons, especially because there is no research behind this statement. One month later, the Department of Knowledge's Research and Department division decided to perform a research about the effect of advertisements to national development programs.
On August 24, 1989, the second television station in Indonesia, Rajawali Citra Televisi Indonesia or RCTI, was inaugurated. The television station was owned by Bambang Trihatmodjo. Unlike TVRI, RCTI was allowed to broadcast advertisements up to 15% its broadcast hours. On August 24, 1990, the third television station, Surya Citra Televisi, formerly SCTI or Surabaya Centra Televisi Indonesia, was inaugurated. This television station was owned by "king of cineplex" Sudwikatmono.
On September 13, 1990, the president issued Presidential Decree no. 40 regarding the television property tax collection between "Yayasan TVRI" and PT Mekatama Raya, a private company owned by Sudwikatmono and Sigit Hardjojudanto. Since the beginning of 1991, this private company was the responsible body to withdraw television property tax from people. The reason for this change is to increase revenue from the lower 1969 post and giro system.
On January 23, 1991, PT Cipta Televisi Pendidikan Indonesia (TPI) started its broadcast of educational programs with some advertisements. The company was conducted by Siti Hardjanti. During its first years, TPI share channels with TVRI. Its facility and operators were supported by TVRI in the morning when TVRI didn't broadcast.
On April 14, 1992, the Directorate General of Radio, Television and Films decided that Yayasan TVRI will withdrew back the television property tax from the people when, after one year, PT Mekatama Raya failed to increase the revenue.
On October 1992, the Department of Information issued licenses for six companies to established a private television companies: PT Indosiar Visual Mandiri or Indosiar (Jakarta), PT Sanitya Mandara Televisi (Yogyakarta), PT Merdeka Citra Televisi Indonesia (Semarang), PT Ramako Indotelevisi (Batam), PT Cakrawala Andalas Televisi or ANTV (Lampung), and PT Cakrawala Bumi Sriwijaya Televisi (Palembang). Of all these six television companies, only PT Indosiar Visual Mandiri and PT Cakrawala Andalas Televisi were able to broadcast continuously. On February 28, 1993, PT Cakrawala Andalas Televisi, a joint venture between Agung Laksono and the Bakrie family, started its first broadcast. The broadcast station was initially planned to be located in Lampung, but later moved to Jakarta, in a building at Kuningan. PT Indosiar Visual Mandiri, owned by Salim Group, started its first broadcast on January 11, 1995.
On March 1998, TV Kabel Indovision, operated by PT Matahari Lintas Cakrawala under the leadership of Peter F. Gontha, started its operation as the first cable television in Indonesia (the first cable television was operated in the United States in 1972). Previously, since 1996, Indovision had operated using television decoders and parabolic antennas.
On October 1999, out of fourteen applicants that had been received by Department of Information, five television broadcasting companies passed the selection and received broadcast licenses. These companies are: Trans TV (PT Televisi Transformasi Indonesia, led by Ishadi, the former head of TVRI), MetroTV (operated by Grup Media Indonesia which was led by Surya Paloh), Global TV (PT Global Informasi Bermutu, established by Timmy Habibie), Lativi (PT Lativi Media Karya, owned by Abdul Latief), and TV7 (PT Duta Visual Nusantara Tivi Tujuh). Metro TV was the first to broadcast on November 25, 2000, as the seventh Indonesian television broadcasting companies.
On June 7, 2000, following the changes after the dissolution of the Department of Information by President Abdurrahman Wahid, TVRI was officially change its status into a Service Company ("Perusahaan Jawatan").
Chinese languages were banned from 1965 to 1994 in Indonesian television, but its use did not come until years later. In November 2000, Metro TV would become the first to broadcast news in Mandarin to local television stations since broadcasting began in Indonesia.
Types of Indonesian television broadcast.
Terrestrial.
Terrestrial TV started with the establishment of the first television station in Indonesia. Indonesia only has one channel until the establishment of RCTI, first private television in Indonesia. Currently, the major nationwide television station in Indonesia are RCTI, MNCTV, SCTV, ANTV, Indosiar, MetroTV, Trans 7, Trans TV, TvOne, and Global TV. Since Q1 2011 the authority allow (Indonesian) digital television simulcast with analog television in some area. Indonesia adopted DVB-T format but decided to change to DVB-T2 in February 2012.
Satellite.
Satellite television has been available in Indonesia since Indovision incorporated on 8 August 1988 and officially launched on 16 January 1994. Since then, technology for satellite television has changed from analogue to digital. Satellite television in Indonesia using digital video broadcasting-satellite format. Up to now, there are more than five satellite pay TV operators: Indovision, TOP TV, TelkomVision, Yes TV, Aora TV and OkeVision. Satellite television is available nationwide.
Cable.
PT Broadband Multimedia Tbk is the first operator for cable TV in Indonesia under the brand name Kabelvision on 16 January 1994. In 2006, the company launched Digital 1 along with the technology changed from analogue to digital. The company then change the name of the company to PT First Media Tbk on 8 September 2007 and also launched new brand, name First Media. Cable TV now is only available in Jabodetabek area and Surabaya. Cable TV in Indonesia is using digital video broadcasting-cable format.
Mobile.
Mobile TV has two categories, free-to-air and Pay TV. Free-to-air TV available for years in Indonesia. Free-to-air is using analogue technology like UHF/VHF. Now free-to-air TV has adopted digital technology. In Indonesia, free-to-air TV is using digital video broadcasting-handheld format.
There is only one operator for Mobile Pay TV in Indonesia. Mobile TV is currently only available in Jakarta.
Most-viewed channels.
Most viewed channels in Q1 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18705760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705760" title="Steve Mura">
Steve Mura

Stephen Andrew Mura (February 12, 1955 in New Orleans, Louisiana) is a retired Major League Baseball player. A pitcher, Mura played from - with the San Diego Padres, St. Louis Cardinals, Chicago White Sox, Philadelphia Phillies, and Oakland Athletics. He was a member of the Cardinals' 1982 World Series winning team.

</doc>
<doc id="18705763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705763" title="Denis Parshin">
Denis Parshin

Denis Parshin (b. February 1, 1986, in Rybinsk, USSR) is a Russian professional ice hockey left wing currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League.
Playing career.
During the past several seasons Denis Parshin has been playing for HC CSKA Moscow in the KHL. Internationally, he was a member of the U18 and then U20 Russian National team. The young forward has also been a member of Russia's senior national team during EuroTour competition that largely takes place between the four European hockey nations (Russia, Sweden, Finland, and Czech Republic). Parshin was drafted by the Colorado Avalanche in the third round 72nd overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
On June 1, 2011, Parshin signed a three-year contract extension to remain with CSKA. During his tenth season with CSKA in 2012–13, after scoring 2 points in 9 games, Parshin was traded to fellow KHL club Salavat Yulaev Ufa in exchange for Igor Grigorenko on October 10, 2012. Parshin continued to struggle offensively with Salavat to post 5 goals in 29 games before ending the season on the injured list. 
In the off-season, Parshin tenure with Salavat was ended when he was traded, along with Sergei Sentyurin, to Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in exchange for Dmitri Makarov on May 5, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18705765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705765" title="Tembakounda">
Tembakounda

Tembakounda is the location of the source of the Niger River, West Africa's longest river, which eventually empties at the Niger Delta into the Gulf of Guinea distant. Tembakounda is in the Djallon Mountains, low mountains rising above the plateau area of the Guinean highlands known as Fouta Djallon.

</doc>
<doc id="18705766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705766" title="Nicholas Oliver">
Nicholas Oliver

Nicholas Anthony Oliver (born May 20, 1979) is an American lobbyist, a leading activist in the fight for Rhode Island's anti-smoking laws. He has worked for several organizations including the American Heart Association and the Massachusetts Association of 766 Approved Private Schools. He briefly worked for W. Mitt Romney when he served as Governor of Massachusetts.
Personal life.
Oliver was born in East Providence, Rhode Island to Rosemary (sur Perry) and Anthony Oliver. His mother, Rosemary, was a certified nurse assistant, now a special education assistant teacher, and his father, Anthony, is an electrical engineer. He has one sister, Heather born in 1984. Oliver spent his childhood and youth in East Providence and graduated from East Providence Senior High School in 1997.
In 1997, Oliver left Rhode Island to attend the University of Hartford in West Hartford, Connecticut, where he was a member of Sigma Nu fraternity. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in Political Economy and Public Relations in 2000, and later received a masters degree in Public Affairs from the University of Massachusetts Boston in 2008. On July 9, 2005, Oliver married Emily Catherine Burtt in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts. They now live in Beverly with their daughter, Micaela Ashlynne. Oliver and his wife are expecting their second child in early 2009.
Career.
After graduating from Hartford, Oliver joined the American Heart Association and became one of the first state directors within the organization to found the association's advocacy entity. Initially working on the legal issues of cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), such as Good Samaritan Protections, Oliver quickly moved on to building a base of supporters from multiple organizations and individuals for fighting to increase the state's tobacco excise tax and to create significant structure changes to the Rhode Island smoking freedoms law. On March 1, 2005, Rhode Island became one of the first states to ban smoking in all public places, making the state's law still the strictest smoke-free worksite law in the country.
Oliver moved on to work for Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney shortly thereafter assess environmental policy, including creating grant incentives help hospitals across Massachusetts to recycle and be more responsible in handling biomedical waste. He also oversaw the state's bottle deposit program and investigated corporate beverage producers who violated state law.
Just before the end of the Romney administration, Oliver left to work for the Massachusetts Association of 766 Approved Private Schools (MAAPS), which represents all special education schools that serve Massachusetts children with severe disabilities

</doc>
<doc id="18705770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705770" title="Q and R Holes">
Q and R Holes

The Q and R Holes are a series of concentric sockets which currently represent the earliest known evidence for a stone structure on the site of Stonehenge.
Beneath the turf, and just inside the later Sarsen Circle are a double arc of buried stoneholes, the only surviving evidence of the first stone structure (possibly a double stone circle) erected within the centre of Stonehenge (Figs.1 & 2) and currently regarded as instigating the period known as Stonehenge Phase 3i This phase tentatively began as early as 2600 BC, although recent radiocarbon dates from samples retrieved from one of the sockets in 2008 during excavations by Darvill and Wainwright suggest a date of around 2400 to 2300 BC. The final report is yet to be published, but some interesting results follow from the partial excavation of Q Hole 13 where 'associations with Beaker pottery' where noted. Although first encountered by William Hawley in the 1920s it was Richard Atkinson who formally identified and named these irregular settings in 1954: ‘In choosing this designation, I had in mind John Aubrey’s frequent use, as a marginal note…of the phrase ‘quaere quot’ – ‘inquire how many’ – which seemed appropriate to the occasion.’ Their place at the beginning of the stone monument phase has been recognized from their stratigraphic relationships: in places they were cut through by both the settings of the later and still partly surviving Bluestone Circle and also by a stonehole dug for one of the uprights of the Sarsen Circle.
Description.
The diameter of the outer (Q) circuit is c. 26.2 m and that of the inner (R) is, 22.5 m; with an average spacing between the paired stone settings of 1.5 m. These trench-like intrusions are roughly 2 m long and 1 m wide, set radially and slightly enlarged at each end to provide paired stone sockets to a depth of around 0.6 m, the intervening strip generally re-filled with chalk rubble. described them as being ‘dumb-bell’ shaped, although not all were of this form. The bases of some sockets bore ‘the impressions…of heavy stones’ some with ‘minute chips of dolerite bluestone embedded. While this does not imply that "only" bluestones were used in the Q and R structure he found no evidence for sarsens. His accounts make it clear that he believed the sockets to have exclusively located bluestones 'presumably the same stones that are still at Stonehenge'.
Interpretation.
Atkinson estimated that if the Q and R Holes originally formed a complete circle that 38 pairs would have been present, although recent computer-modeling shows that there is actually room for 40. The Q and R Holes not only represent the foundation cuts for the first central stone construction, but they also were to include several additional stone settings on the northeast. This modified group face the midsummer sunrise with a possible reciprocal stone aligned on the midwinter sunset. This is the first evidence for any unambiguous alignment at Stonehenge (the solstice axis). The analysis of the spacing between the Q and R array, and that of the modified (inset) portal group (Fig.3) imply a shift from an angular splay of 9 degrees (i.e. 40 settings) to 12 degrees, the same as that of the later 30 Sarsen Circle. How long the bluestones remained in the Q and R settings before they were removed (if indeed this early structure was ever completed) is not known. However the dates suggested from the 2008 excavation (above) implies the Q & R arrays were perhaps no earlier than 2,400 BC, presenting a challenge to the recently accepted Late Neolithic date for the construction of the iconic sarsen monument.

</doc>
<doc id="18705783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705783" title="Kunze-Knorr brake">
Kunze-Knorr brake

The Kunze-Knorr brake ("Kunze-Knorr-Bremse" or "KK-Bremse") is an automatic compressed-air brake for goods, passenger and express trains. It was the first graduated brake for goods trains in Europe. When it was introduced after the First World War, goods train brakes switched from hand operation to compressed-air in various European countries. The Deutsche Reichsbahn alone put the cost of equipping German goods wagons with Kunze-Knorr brakes between 1918 and 1927 at 478.4 million Reichsmarks. The operating cost savings from faster goods services and having fewer brakemen was assessed by the Reichsbahn at almost 96.3 million Reichsmark annually.
Inventors.
The Kunze-Knorr brake brought together the ideas of Prussian senior surveyor, Bruno Kunze (1854–1935), and preparatory work by the founder of Knorr-Bremse, Georg Knorr (1859–1911). It was the first, continuous, compressed-air brake that, even on long goods trains, enabled the brake force not only to be applied gradually, but also released again gradually. By combining a single-stage and a two-stage brake cylinder with a compound brake a significant increase in brake effort was achieved.
Brake versions.
Three versions of the brake were developed: for goods trains (KKgbr), passenger trains (KKpbr) and express trains (KKsbr). The goods wagon variant offered the option of switching between empty and loaded braking. The passenger train version was given an accelerator valve ("Beschleunigungsventil") as well as a control valve. The express train brake had, in addition, a brake pressure regulator in order to prevent the wheels locking when braking quickly.
Knorr-Bremse.
The Kunze-Knorr brake was developed and manufactured by the firm of Knorr-Bremse AG in Berlin. It was also produced by their subsidiary company Süddeutsche Bremsen-AG at what is nowadays the head office of Knorr-Bremse AG in Munich. A total of about 550,000 Kunze-Knorr brake control valves were made, some under licence. In the 1930s they were superseded by the Hildebrand-Knorr brake ("Hik" brake). In many places, including the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany, they were still regularly in use until the 1960s.
Literature.
Wilhelm Hildebrand, Die Entwicklung der selbsttätigen Einkammer-Druckluftbremse bei den europäischen Vollbahnen. Berlin 1927.
Jan-Henrik Peters, Personalpolitik und Rationalisierungsbestrebungen der Deutschen Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft zwischen 1924 und 1929. Frankfurt am Main u.a. 1996.
Jan-Henrik Peters, Rationalisierungsbestrebungen der Deutschen Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft zwischen 1924 und 1929, in: Zeitschrift für Unternehmensgeschichte 41, 1996, 187–200.
Manfred Pohl, Sicherheit auf Schiene und Straße. Die Geschichte der Knorr-Bremse AG. (engl. Ausgabe: Safety First by Road and Rail. The History of Knorr-Bremse AG.) München 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18705784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705784" title="Paul Calvert (baseball)">
Paul Calvert (baseball)

Paul Leo Emile Calvert (October 6, 1917 – February 1, 1999) was a Canadian pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Cleveland Indians, Washington Senators and Detroit Tigers in parts of seven seasons spanning 1942–1951. Listed at 6' 0", 175 lb., he batted and threw right handed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18705809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705809" title="Lou Knerr">
Lou Knerr

Wallace Luther Knerr (August 21, 1921 – March 23, 1980) was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Philadelphia Athletics and Washington Senators.

</doc>
<doc id="18705811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705811" title="Peduim">
Peduim

Peduim (, "lit." Ransomed) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Ofakim, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 344.
The moshav was established in 1950 by immigrants from Yemen. Like several other moshavim in the area, its name is taken from the Book of Isaiah 35:10;
And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come with singing unto Zion, and everlasting joy shall be upon their heads; they shall obtain gladness and joy, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away.

</doc>
<doc id="18705824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705824" title="Pat Caraway">
Pat Caraway

Cecil Bradford Patrick Caraway (September 26, 1905 in Erath County, Texas – June 9, 1974 in El Paso, Texas), was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher from -. He would play for the Chicago White Sox. He is buried in Gordon Cemetery in Gordon, Texas. 
Caraway was a lanky Texan who debuted professionally in 1927 with the minor league Rock Island Islanders. He also played for the Amarillo Texans and Topeka Jayhawks before being called up to the Chicago White Sox for the 1930 season, pitching in his first Sox game on 19 April 1930. His last major league game was 17 July 1932. 
A left-handed submarine delivery pitcher, Caraway was one of the few submariners in MBL history to develop a knuckleball. Though also possessing a blazing fastball and looping curve, Caraway always struggled with pitch control. He finished the 1932 season with Buffalo and continued the 1933 season with the Bisons of the International League. In 1933 he was featured on a black and white jig-saw puzzle as part of a Bisons ticket give-away promotion.
He finished his professional career in 1934 with the Tulsa Oilers and the San Antonio Missions in the Texas League, posting a 2–1 record with each team.
Caraway's most remarkable day came in 1930, when he struck out Joe Sewell twice. Sewell was the most difficult batter in baseball history to strike out, and he struck out only three times all that season.
When Pat Caraway left baseball, he lived in El Paso, Texas and became an engineer for the Texas and Pacific Railroad until his retirement in 1971. He is buried with other family members in the Caraway plot next to his wife, Harriet Christensen Caraway, in the New Gordon Cemetery on Cemetery Road in Gordon, Palo Pinto County, Texas.
Parents: William J "Dock" Caraway & Ara Mae Wilson Caraway
Marriage: Harriet Christensen, -- (no children)

</doc>
<doc id="18705831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705831" title="Presidential Traverse">
Presidential Traverse

A Presidential Traverse is a strenuous and sometimes dangerous trek over the Presidential Range of New Hampshire's White Mountains. Contained almost entirely in the White Mountain National Forest, the Presidential Range is a string of summits in excess of . To complete the traverse, one must begin at either the northern or southern terminus of the Presidential Range and finish at the opposing end. Beginning the journey at the northern end at Mount Madison, one would pass through the townships of (in order, going in a generally south-southwesterly direction) Low and Burbank's Grant, Thompson and Meserve's Purchase, Sargent's Purchase, Chandler's Purchase, and Bean's Purchase (at Mount Pierce), all of which are in Coös County.
Options.
The minimum.
The basic Presidential Traverse begins from a trailhead on U.S. Route 2 or at the Dolly Copp Campground at the northern end of the Presidentials, crosses the great ridge of the range and ends in Crawford Notch at its southern terminus, or vice versa. A hiker making such a journey would travel about , with of elevation gain.
By definition, a "presidential" traverse requires a participant to cross over the summits of peaks named after U.S. presidents. Listed from north to south, they are:
The inclusion of spur trails up the summit cones of peaks on this list otherwise bypassed by standard through trails would result in of travel and of elevation gain.
Additional named peaks.
A traverse which collects all of the trail-accessible peaks in the Presidential Range includes (from north to south):
Adding these peaks increases total mileage traveled and elevation gain to and .
Sub-peaks.
Several minor peaks ineligible for the list due to lack of prominence have no maintained trails leading to their summits. However, hikers with solid outdoor orientation skills may bushwhack them as part of a traverse. These include:
Hazards.
The White Mountains and the Presidential Range in particular offer both some of the most beautiful vistas in the Eastern United States and some of its most challenging and dangerous terrain. Many hikers attempting a Presidential Traverse have become lost or otherwise disabled in inclement weather above treeline, causing many costly search and rescue operations.
Weather.
The Presidential Range is perhaps most famous for its tumultuous weather, highlighted by the erratic and often extreme conditions upon Mount Washington. Being both at the intersection of several storm tracks and the center of multiple converging valleys funneling wind from the west, southwest, and south make its weather unpredictable and at times violent. The summit of Mount Washington has been known to see snow and ice in all seasons and is subject to a combination of hurricane force winds and blanketing clouds an average of 110 days a year. The mountain long held the record for the highest wind speed ever recorded at the Earth's surface, clocking , forcing summit buildings to be chained down so they won't blow away.
Winter.
Views from the Presidentials ridgeline in the crisp winter air are unrivaled in the Northeast. However, winter terrain is more treacherous, temperatures may plummet with dangerous speed, and winds often hit triple digits. Snowfall at elevation is measured in feet instead of inches, avalanches are common on the large snowfields and in ravines, and blowing snow, ice fog, and heavy clouds can cause visibility to disappear in minutes. Consequently, those wishing to tackle a Presidential Traverse in winter must be exceptionally fit, experienced in winter mountaineering and compass orientation techniques, very familiar with the terrain, and have high quality winter gear. Lacking any one of these puts one in serious peril of requiring expensive and hazardous rescue, even death.
Vertical.
A Presidential Traverse does not merely require the absolute gain of some 4,500' from starting point to the 6,288' summit of Mt. Washington; it involves repeated gain and loss of elevation between individual summits along the way. The fact that the range stretches less than twenty miles from one end to the other and most of its main trails are easily accessible from major through roads errantly suggests that the terrain embraced by the Presidentials lacks remoteness. In truth, the range is a wind ravaged wilderness. A basic Presidential Traverse encompasses almost 9,000' of combined vertical, doubled when difficult downclimbing is included. Adding the principal sub-peaks stretches this to almost 20,000' of up- and downclimb in a single traverse.

</doc>
<doc id="18705834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705834" title="Ferhat Odabaşı">
Ferhat Odabaşı

Ferhat Odabaşı (born 15 July 1983) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Göztepe S.K. in the TFF First League.
Odabaşı began the 2007–08 Süper Lig season with Gençlerbirliği OFTAŞ, but only made five league appearances for the club before moving to TFF First League side Eskişehirspor. He played for Çaykur Rizespor for the 2008–09 TFF First League season, prior to joining Karabükspor.

</doc>
<doc id="18705841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705841" title="Maslul">
Maslul

Maslul (, "lit." Path, Way) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Ofakim with an area of 8,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 380.
The moshav was established in 1950 by immigrants from Iran. Like several other moshavim in the area, its name is taken from the Book of Isaiah 35:8;
And a highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called the way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those; the wayfaring men, yea fools, shall not err therein.

</doc>
<doc id="18705842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705842" title="1983 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1983 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1983 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Tampere, Finland for the second time. The Finnish city had host the championships previously in 1973.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the eighteenth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18705844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705844" title="Stan Yerkes">
Stan Yerkes

Stanley Lewis Yerkes (November 28, 1874 in Cheltenham, Pennsylvania – July 28, 1940 in Boston, Massachusetts) nicknamed "Yank", was a professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball from 1901-03 for the Baltimore Orioles and St. Louis Cardinals.

</doc>
<doc id="18705859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705859" title="Jay Aldrich">
Jay Aldrich

Jay Robert Aldrich, former professional baseball player, was born on April 14, 1961 in Alexandria, Louisiana. He played for the Milwaukee Brewers and the Baltimore Orioles. He first played in the MLB on June 5, 1987 and last played on April 26, 1990. He attended Montclair State University.

</doc>
<doc id="18705870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705870" title="Doc Landis">
Doc Landis

Samuel H. "Doc" Landis (August 16, 1854 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - ???) was a Major League Baseball player who played pitcher in . He would play for the Philadelphia Athletics and Baltimore Orioles.

</doc>
<doc id="18705878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705878" title="Nir Moshe">
Nir Moshe

Nir Moshe (, "lit." Moshe's Meadow) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev south-east of Sderot with an area of 2,000 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 362.
The moshav was established in 1953 by former city dwellers from Jerusalem, Haifa and Herzliya, and was initially named Shoval Mizrachi 1, before being renamed after Moshe Smiliansky, an author and agronomist.

</doc>
<doc id="18705879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705879" title="List of TVB series (1979)">
List of TVB series (1979)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1979.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18705887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705887" title="Coconut sugar">
Coconut sugar

Coconut sugar (also known as coco sugar, coconut palm sugar or coco sap sugar) is a sugar produced from the sap of cut flower buds of the coconut palm. Coconut sugar has been used as a traditional sweetener for thousands of years in the South and South-East Asian regions where the coconut palm is in abundant supply. The world's largest producers of coconuts are the Philippines and Indonesia.
In some areas, predominantly in Thailand, the terms "coconut sugar" and "palm sugar" are often used interchangeably. However, coconut sugar is different both in taste, texture and manufacture methods from palm sugar, which is made from the sap in the stems of the Palmyra palm, the date palm, the sugar date palm, the sago palm or the sugar palm.
Manufacture.
Coconut sugar comes in crystal or granule form, block or liquid. It is essentially a two-step process. It starts with harvesting or "tapping" the blossoms of a coconut tree. Farmers make a cut on the spadix and the sap starts to flow from the cut. The sap is then collected in bamboo containers. The sap collected is then transferred into giant woks and placed over moderate heat to evaporate the moisture content of the sap. The sap is translucent and is about 80% water. As the water evaporates, it starts to transform into a thick syrup-like substance known as a "toddy". From this form, it is further reduced to crystal, block or soft paste form, or it remains in this form. Essentially, coconut sugar's form depends on the moisture content of the toddy.
Taste and flavor.
Coconut sugar is subtly sweet almost like brown sugar but with a slight hint of caramel. However, since organic coconut sugar is not highly processed, the color, sweetness and flavor can vary depending on different factors. Coconut sugar's color, sweetness and flavor can vary slightly from packaging to packaging depending on the coconut species used, season when it was harvested, where it was harvested and even the way the "sap" or "toddy" was reduced.
Sugar content.
Coconut sugar consists primarily of sucrose (containing glucose and fructose). "The major component of coconut sugar is sucrose (70–79%) followed by glucose and fructose (3–9%) each. Minor variations will occur, due to differences in primary processing, raw material source, tree age and variety of coconut."
Health benefits.
The Glycemic Index of coconut sugar was reported by the Philipppine Coconut Authority to be 35 and by that measure it is classified as a low glycemic index food. However, in that study the glucose standard was fed as an aqueous solution, while the sugar was fed as sugar. Making the test food slower and more difficult to absorb and digest relative to the test solution will lower its GI value. It is considered to be healthier than refined white sugar(60) and brown sugar(64). It can be used as a 1:1 sugar substitute for coffee, tea, baking, and cooking.
Coconut sugar has a high mineral content, being a rich source of potassium, magnesium, zinc, and iron. In addition to this it contains Vitamin B1, B2, B3, and B6. When compared to brown sugar, coconut sugar has 18 times the potassium, 30 times the phosphorus and over 10 times the amount of zinc. The large amounts of K and P can explained by the way coconut sugar is tapped from the inflorescences of the tree.
The coconut sap, from which coconut sugar is derived, contains 16 amino acids. The amino acid which has the highest content in coconut sap is Glutamine.
Popularity.
Coconut sugar has gained popularity as a health food and among people with diabetes. Coconut sugar can be used as a sugar substitute and is considered safe to use for diabetics. Coconut sugar used to be only sold in specialty Asian stores but companies are now selling it in natural food markets and online making coconut sugar more accessible to mainstream markets and making it a more viable cane sugar substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="18705890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705890" title="1979 Major League Baseball Draft">
1979 Major League Baseball Draft

The 1979 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft was held on June 5–7, 1979, via conference call.
First round selections.
The following are the first round picks in the 1979 Major League Baseball draft.
"*" Did not sign
Background.
Later rounds of the draft included the following notable players:
A number of future football players were drafted in 1979, including John Elway (Kansas City), Kevin House (St. Louis), Dan Marino (Kansas City), Jay Schroeder (Toronto), Jack Thompson (Seattle), and Curt Warner (Philadelphia).

</doc>
<doc id="18705901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705901" title="Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu">
Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu

The Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu (), located at 35 Mitropoliei Street, Sibiu, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Sibiu and Metropolitan of Transylvania. It was built in the style of a Byzantine basilica, inspired by Hagia Sophia, with the main spires influenced by Transylvanian church architecture and Baroque elements.
The idea of building an Orthodox cathedral in Sibiu began with Metropolitan Andrei Şaguna, who in the autumn of 1857 asked Emperor Franz Joseph I for permission to send a circular to his diocese requesting that priests and laymen give donations. He sent the letter before Christmas that year, and the first donor was the Emperor himself, who gave 1000 gold coins, followed by the governor of Transylvania with 50, Şaguna with 2000 florins, and many others. Donations continued to come in following Şaguna's death in 1873; the cornerstone was laid on 18 August 1902, when Ioan Meţianu was Metropolitan. In order to free the space to build the cathedral (which took up five lots on Mitropoliei Street and three on Xenopol Street, where it also has an entrance), eight nearby houses had to be demolished, as well as the little Greek church built in 1797-1799 that had heretofore served as a cathedral.
Work, coordinated by city architect Iosif Schussnig, began in 1902 and was finished in 1904, when the copper roof was done. The plan, by Virgil Nagy and Iosif Kamner of Budapest, was chosen from among designs submitted by 31 mainly Austrian and Hungarian architects. On 13 December 1904, the four bells were blessed and placed in the two main spires (during World War I, the Austro-Hungarian Army melted the three bells in the western spire for use as cannons; these were not replaced until 1926). The iconostasis and kliros were then manufactured at Constantin Babic's firm in Bucharest; electric lighting was also installed. The iconostasis (of gilt carved wood) and dome (showing Christ Pantocrator flanked by angels) were painted by Octavian Smigelschi, from the nearby village of Ludoș.
The exterior is in red and yellow brick. The spacious nave is bordered by smaller spherical roofs and four towers: two smaller octagonal ones, and two larger ones near the entrance with a square base that becomes octagonal in the bell area. The ends of the towers are shaped like double bulbs, with a skylight in the centre. The main entrance is through a portico with three semicircular doors. Behind this and between the main towers is an ample semicircular vestibule with a similarly-shaped stained-glass window, while the outside is decorated with round mosaics showing Jesus and the Four Evangelists. The cathedral is 53.10m long and 25.40m wide in the centre, the dome 24.70m high (34.70m on the exterior) and 15m in diameter, while the spires are 43m high (45m including the crosses).
On 30 April 1906, Metropolitan Meţianu, joined by his suffragan bishop from Arad, Ioan Papp, and a group of priests and deacons, consecrated the cathedral. Nicolae Iorga was also present; he donated a silver engolpion and a valuable icon. Since its dedication, the cathedral has undergone a number of restorations and improvements: the walls have been decorated with neo-Byzantine paintings by Iosif Keber and Anastasie Demian, and liturgical objects, vestments, books and a sound system have all been added. Divine Liturgy and Vespers take place daily, as well as other services when provided for.

</doc>
<doc id="18705910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705910" title="Gíslason">
Gíslason

Gíslason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Gísli". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18705923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705923" title="Phil Huffman">
Phil Huffman

Phillip Lee Huffman (born June 20, 1958 in Freeport, Texas), is a former professional baseball pitcher. He played two seasons in Major League Baseball, for the Toronto Blue Jays in 1979 and for the Baltimore Orioles in 1985.
Early life and education.
Huffman played high school baseball in Texas for Brazoswood High School near his native Lake Jackson, Texas.
Baseball career.
Huffman was drafted out of high school in Texas in June 1977 by the San Francisco Giants as the team's second-round draft pick. In 1977, Huffman made 10 starts for the Great Falls Voyagers in the Pioneer Baseball League, a Class A rookie league, going 7-3.
On March 15, 1978, Huffman was part of a massive trade that sent him to the Oakland Athletics, along with Dave Heaverlo, Gary Alexander, John Henry Johnson, Gary Thomasson, Alan Wirth, $300,000 (and Mario Guerrero, who was named later), in exchange for Vida Blue.
Huffman began the 1978 season pitching with the Jersey City A's in the Eastern League AA league. Partway through the 1978 season, he was promoted to San Francisco's AAA Vancouver Canadians minor-league club.
On August 15, 1978, Oakland traded Huffman and Willie Horton to the Toronto Blue Jays in exchange for Rico Carty. He was subsequently transferred to the Blue Jays' AAA Syracuse Chiefs farm club.
1979 season.
Huffman made the Blue Jays' big-league roster in 1979 and remained with the team for the entire season. Overall, the season was a disappointment, as he went 6-18. He made 31 starts, posted a 5.77 earned-run average and gave up 25 home runs.
On August 27, 1979, Huffman pitched what easily was his best game in his major-league career, tossing a one-hitter against the Oakland Athletics in Toronto. Huffman posted his first win at Exhibition Stadium after six losses. Huffman retired the first 11 hitters, faced only 30 batters in total, and gave up the lone hit to Jim Essian in the sixth inning. He also walked Mike Heath and Mario Guerrero. The win was Huffman's final victory as a major league pitcher. "It's always great to beat a club you played with," Huffman said after the game. "I know all those guys over there. As for thinking of a no-hitter, I wasn't necessarily doing that. It's tough to pitch a no-hitter. I'm happy I got the shutout and only gave up one hit."
In 1980, Huffman was set to start the season with Toronto, but was optioned to the team's AAA farm club in Syracuse after manager Bobby Mattick chose to go with a four-man rotation. "Phil has added a changeup to his pitching and he's been one of our top workers," Mattick told the Globe and Mail in April 1980. "But we want him to get a lot of work and he'll get it at Syracuse." Huffman never ended up joining the major-league staff during the 1980 season, however.
Huffman remained in the Blue Jays' system in 1981 as well, going 5-9 with a 5.69 earned run average while at Syracuse.
After Toronto.
On March 25, 1982, the Blue Jays traded Huffman to the Kansas City Royals for Rance Mulliniks. Huffman was assigned to the Royals' AAA Omaha Royals minor-league farm club, where he spent the entire season. On April 2, 1983, the Royals released Huffman.
On May 24, 1983, Huffman signed as a free agent with the New York Mets. He pitched for the team's Tidewater Tides AAA farm club during 1983 and 1984. On July 13, 1984, the Baltimore Orioles purchased Huffman's contract from the Mets, and he finished out the season at Baltimore's Charlotte O's AA farm club.
1985 season.
In 1985, Huffman began the season with Baltimore's Rochester Red Wings AAA farm club. On July 10, 1985, Huffman was called up to the majors to fill the roster spot vacated by injured reliever Nate Snell. At the time, Huffman was 6-7 with Rochester. Huffman only appeared in two games—one on July 13, 1985 against the Chicago White Sox (in which he gave up four earned runs in one-third of an inning pitched) -- in his first stint with Baltimore that year before being sent back to the minors. He then was recalled at the end of the season and pitched in just one more game, starting the October 3, 1985 second game of a doubleheader against the Boston Red Sox, being pulled from the game in the fifth inning after giving up an RBI single to future Hall of Famer Wade Boggs. For his 1985 major-league season, Huffman went 0-0 and posted a 15.43 earned run average in two games, pitching four and 2/3 innings, giving up seven hits, eight earned runs and striking out two.
Later career.
On June 26, 1987, Rochester released Huffman after he went 5-6 with a 4.78 earned run average. "Phil is one of the older, veteran pitchers," Rochester manager John Hart was quoted as telling the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle. "He would be a stabilizing factor on the ballclub, but we just didn't feel at this time Phil would help us out at the big-league level."
After his release from Rochester, Huffman joined the Minnesota Twins' Portland Beavers AAA farm club for the balance of 1987, posting a 1-2 record with a 9.37 earned run average in nine games. After 1987, Huffman stopped playing organized baseball.
Today.
Huffman now lives in Rochester, New York and is the supervisor for a welding supply company that distributes high-pressured liquid oxygen, nitrogen, carbon dioxide and flammable gas.

</doc>
<doc id="18705928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705928" title="Sde Tzvi">
Sde Tzvi

Sde Tzvi (, "lit." Zvi Field) is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the north-western Negev near Rahat, it falls under the jurisdiction of Merhavim Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 362.
The village was established in 1953 by immigrants from North Africa. It was named after Zvi Hirshfeld, a founder of Ruhama who also helped found the new moshav.

</doc>
<doc id="18705930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705930" title="A4221 road">
A4221 road

The A4221 is an A road which links Banwen with Abercraf in Wales.
The roads begins just south of Abercraf at the junction with the A4067. It then heads eastwards through Caehopkin and then bypasses Coelbren. It joins the A4109 just west of Banwen.

</doc>
<doc id="18705933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705933" title="Northview High School (Covina, California)">
Northview High School (Covina, California)

Northview High School is one of three comprehensive high schools within the Covina-Valley Unified School District, California, USA. Established in 1959, the school is located on of land that is landscaped with trees, shrubs, and grass. Northview High School serves the cities of Covina and Irwindale. Northview's rival is Covina High School to as "The Farm".
Academics.
Northview High offers Honors and Advanced Placement classes.
Advanced Placement courses at Northview High include:
Honors courses at Northview High include:
Notable alumni.
Robbie Wilfong - Professional baseball player for the CA Angeles, Class of 1970
Ricky Zalez - Professional vocalist, London West End
Notable faculty

</doc>
<doc id="18705963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705963" title="Lansing Metal Center">
Lansing Metal Center

The Lansing Metal Center was a General Motors foundry located in Lansing Township, Michigan directly across Saginaw Street from the Lansing Craft Centre. It was originally built as a jet engine manufacturing plant in 1952 and shuttered in 2006. Upon its closing, the plant was in size, and employed 1,200. General Motors began the demolition of the plant in February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18705972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705972" title="Aaron Gryder">
Aaron Gryder

Aaron Tod Gryder (born June 5, 1970 in West Covina, California) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey. 
Growing up fifteen minutes away from the Santa Anita racetrack, as a boy Gryder had no contact with horses other than his father and his grandparents' interest in attending the nearby races. But from as early as he could recall all he wanted to be was around horses as a professional jockey. At the age of 13 he left home to learn to ride at the invitation of retired jockey Rudy Campas.
At 16, he made his first attempt to ride professionally at Santa Anita, but within days, exercising a horse, his saddle slipped, throwing him to his left side, His right foot was trapped in the iron (stirrup). For this, he was asked to leave the track by the racing stewards for being green and unready. Aaron was advised to go to Tijuana, Mexico and hone his skills at its Agua Caliente Racetrack. Short by a few wins of becoming the track's leading rider, he was persuaded to return to California and try again.
His first winner came on January 19, 1987 at Agua Caliente aboard Ragin Henry. Once he returned to the United States he led Hollywood Park’s fall meet as an apprentice jockey in 1987 which was his breakout year. It was there he rode to his first Grade I win on Asteroid Field in the Matriarch Stakes.
Gryder has ridden on both coasts as well as in the Midwest. He has won racing titles at Churchill Downs, Arlington Park, and Aqueduct Racetrack, and competed in two Breeders' Cups and three Kentucky Derbies. In 1995, he became the first jockey to win back-to-back titles at the Chicago track since Pat Day in 1986–1987. He has won four racing titles at Aqueduct (from 1998 to 2001), three accomplished at the inner-track meets. The 1998–1999 title was achieved with 53 wins even though he suffered a spill causing him to miss the last six weeks of the meet. In the 1999–2000 meet he repeated his success with 94 wins. This was 32 more than his nearest competitor.
In 2007, back on the west coast again, he won over a hundred races on almost 900 mounts, and earned over 5 and a half million dollars. In 2007, he was ranked in the top 40 jockeys by earnings. Over the years, Gryder has kept this rank, always in the top 40 or 45. 
In 2009, Gryder rode Well Armed to a win in the 2009 $6,000,000 Dubai World Cup, finishing 14 lengths in front of Gloria De Campeao, the largest margin of victory in the history of the race. Later in 2009, Gryder decided to ride in Hong Kong. In 2010 he returned to the US and rode at Oaklawn Park, Lone Star and Remington Park. Gryder rode the entire meet (from August through early December) at Remington Park in Oklahoma City, OK. In 2011, Gryder returned to California and was based on the Northern California circuit, where he won the jockey title at the Golden Gate Fields summer meet. Gryder continued to be one of the leading jockeys on the Northern California circuit. In the fall of 2012, Gryder relocated to Southern California.
Gryder is involved with children's charities, among others, he is involved with the Oscar de la Hoya Foundation.
Gryder, like jockey Gary Stevens, has also tried his hand at acting. He has appeared in television's "Dellaventura" with Danny Aiello and "The Sopranos", both times playing a jockey.
Gryder is one of the jockeys featured in Animal Planet's 2009 reality documentary, "Jockeys".

</doc>
<doc id="18705980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705980" title="A Place to Live">
A Place to Live

A Place to Live is a 1941 documentary film directed by Irving Lerner and produced by the Philadelphia Housing Association, a nonprofit affordable housing advocacy group. The film was designed to call attention to inner city squalor in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania by focusing on a child’s journey from school to his family’s cramped and squalid apartment in a rat-infested slum neighborhood.
"A Place to Live" was nominated for the 1941 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.

</doc>
<doc id="18705987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705987" title="George Vassilakopoulos">
George Vassilakopoulos

George Vassilakopoulos (alternate spellings: Giorgos, Georgios, Vassilacopoulos) () is a Greek former professional basketball player, former professional basketball coach, the former President of FIBA Europe, the European division of the international governing body of the sport of basketball, FIBA, and the current President of the Hellenic Basketball Federation.
Basketball playing career.
Vassilakopoulos played professional basketball in the Greek League with Peiraikos and Panathinaikos. With Panathinaikos, he won 3 Greek League championships, in the years 1961, 1962, and 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18705988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18705988" title="Frederick K. Cox International Law Center">
Frederick K. Cox International Law Center

The Frederick K. Cox International Law Center is a research center founded at Case Western Reserve University School of Law that focuses on the legal study of international law. The Center sponsors conferences, visiting lecturers, the Case Western Reserve Journal of International Law, the Case Western Reserve team for the Philip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court Competition, the Summer Institute for Global Justice, and the War Crimes Research Office. Members of the Center do research and write books, articles, and weblogs, for which the Center holds the specification.
The Cox Center was established in 1991 with a multi-million dollar special endowment by The George Gund Foundation. The Cox Center has also received endowment money and grants from Bruce J. Klatsky, the Wolf Family Foundation, the Yanowitz Family Foundation, and the Open Society Institute.
War Crimes Research Office.
Founded in 2002, the War Crimes Research Office undertakes research projects for five war crimes tribunals and other international organizations, hosts a war crimes trial blog and e-newsletter, and sponsors an annual war crimes research symposium.
Research Projects.
The War Crimes Research Portal “contains over a thousand links to websites related to international humanitarian law which are arranged alphabetically by subject area including a summary of each site. Keyword searching is available. A very special feature is the access it provides to … research memoranda on issues pending before the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, the Special Court for Sierra Leone, Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia, and the International Criminal Court. Analysis articles and a bibliography are also provided.”
Blog.
The Grotian Moment blog, established in September 2005, is a source of expert advice on war crimes trials such as the trial of Saddam Hussein. It features essays by a panel of experts on developments related to major war crimes trials, as well as newspaper articles, and documents related to the tribunals.
Newsletter.
The Frederick K. Cox International Law Center contributes, together with Public International Law & Policy Group, to the preparation of "War Crimes Prosecution Watch", a biweekly compilation of official documents and articles about the investigation and prosecution of war crimes. It is funded by the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the Open Society Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="18706001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706001" title="Social Democrats of Uganda">
Social Democrats of Uganda

Social Democrats of Uganda is a political party in Uganda, founded in 2003. The party was registered with the Election Commission of Uganda on April 1, 2004. The founding president of SDU was Nabilah Sempala. Later, Sempala the left SDU for the Forum for Democratic Change. 

</doc>
<doc id="18706003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706003" title="125th Napier's Rifles">
125th Napier's Rifles

The 125th Napier's Rifles was an infantry regiment of the British Indian Army. Its earlier names include:1st Extra Battalion Bombay Native Infantry, The 25th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry (1826–1889) and The 25th Bombay Rifles. Amalgamated with five other regiments in 1922, it is now the 5th Battalion, the Rajputana Rifles.
History.
Origins.
The regiment traced its origins to the 1st Extra Battalion of Bombay Native Infantry, raised in 1820 out of the Poona Auxiliary Force as part of the Honourable East India Company's Bombay Army. In 1826, this battalion was elevated into a separate regiment called 'The 25th Regiment of Bombay Native Infantry'.
After serving in Afghanistan and in the North-West Frontier Province, the regiment joined the Sindh Expedition, coming under the command of General Sir Charles James Napier, who conquered Sindh in 1843 and sent back to the Governor General the one-word message ""Peccavi"" – Latin for ""I have sinned"". At the Battle of Meeanee, a bond was cemented between Napier and the regiment, which sixty years later was given his name. Napier later wrote: "The 25th played a distinguished part in the engagement. Had the 22nd (The Queen's Regiment) and the 25th given way, all would have been lost."
During the Indian Mutiny, the regiment was in Chanderi and at Gwalior. There, on 20 June 1858, two of its officers, Lieutenants Rose and W. F. F. Waller, organized a surprise attack by night on the Gwalior Fort, their party succeeding in breaking open a number of gates and, after hand-to-hand fighting, taking the fort. Rose was killed, but for his part in the action Waller was awarded the Victoria Cross.
In a despatch dated 5 September 1858, the regiment's commanding officer Lt Col. G. H. Robertson reported from a camp near Beejapoor that he had led a column of the 25th with men of other units out of Powree on 27 August in pursuit of Maun Singh, on the 29th engaged a party of Singh's infantry, and early on 5 September arrived near Beejapoor where he caught up with Singh, attacked him at 5.15 and had routed him by 7 a.m., destroying "at least 450 mutineers". Robertson reported only four of his men killed, and twenty men and fifteen horses wounded. He recommended Havildars Ram Lal (10th Bengal Light Infantry) and Dowlut Sing of the 25th "to the consideration of the Brigadier-General commanding" as they had "acted as spies and risked their lives in procuring information in a country where Maun Sing's influence is paramount". On the advice of Brigadier-General Sir Robert Napier, commanding the Gwalior Division, the Commander in Chief recommended that the two Havildars should receive the Order of Merit, 3rd class, "for their exertions in procuring intelligence of the movements of the enemy".
Captain W. Rice of the 25th Bombay Native Infantry, commanding the Goonah Column, wrote from camp at Arone to Sir Robert Napier on 23 December 1858 to report the success of his men, after a moonlight march through dense jungle, in breaking up the camp near Sypoor of rebels led by Feroz Shah, capturing "100 horses, several camels, and many arms", causing the enemy to "flee with the utmost despatch, and seek shelter among the dense foliage, on all sides around their position". Napier wrote to the Chief of the Staff on Christmas Day of this action "Although they did not lose many men killed, the capture of their horses and property must tend greatly to cripple and break up the party. I hear that two of the elephants were left in the Arone jungles, and may be recovered; there are, therefore, only two remaining with the enemy.
In 1861 the unit was constituted as a Light Infantry regiment, and in 1889 it was renamed 'The 25th Regiment (3rd Battalion Rifle Regiment) of Bombay Infantry', then in 1901 'The 25th Bombay Rifles'.
After the Mutiny, the regiment went on to serve in Hyderabad, Poona, Aurangabad, Mhow, Indore and Dhar, remaining part of the army of the Bombay Presidency until a reorganization of the Indian Army by Lord Kitchener in 1903 (the Kitchener Reforms) gave it the new name; '125th Napier's Rifles'.
First World War.
During the First World War, the regiment fought in both the European and Middle Eastern theatres of the war, from France to Mesopotamia, and participated as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force in General Allenby's march to take Jerusalem, getting the better of German and Ottoman opponents.
At the outbreak of the war, the regiment was an unbrigaded unit of the 5th (Mhow) Division of the Indian Army. However, in 1914 it joined the Army's 3rd (Lahore) Division as part of its 9th (Sirhind) Indian Infantry Brigade, landing at Marseilles on 26 September 1914 and taking part in Winter Operations (1914–1915), the Battle of Neuve Chapelle (10–13 March 1915), the Battle of Aubers, the Battle of Festubert (15–25 May 1915), and the Battle of Loos subsidiary attack at the Moulin-du-Piètre on 25 September 1915. The 125th left the 3rd Division in 1915 to join the 7th (Meerut) Division. As part of the 7th Division's 19th (Dehra Dun) Indian Infantry Brigade, the regiment sailed from Marseilles to go to Mesopotamia, landing at Basra on 31 December 1915 and taking part in the attempt to relieve the besieged garrison of Kut al Amara. It proceeded under Allenby to Palestine, and arrived at Suez on 13 January 1918.
The unit suffered some problems and criticism during the First World War. A Rajput officer of the Indian Army, Amar Singh, who kept a diary in English from 1905 to 1921, paid particular attention to the regiment's wartime role. This diary was published in 2005 as "Between Two Worlds: A Rajput Officer in the Indian Army, 1905–21".
Later.
In a further reorganization of the Indian Army in 1921–1922, the regiment was amalgamated with the 104th Wellesley's Rifles, 120th Rajputana Infantry, 122nd Rajputana Infantry and 123rd Outram's Rifles to become one of the six battalions of the new 6th Rajputana Rifles. The 125th was renamed 'The 5th Battalion (Napier's)'.
In 1945, the regiments of the British Indian Army lost the numerals in their titles, and the Rajputanas arrived at their present name of Rajputana Rifles. In 1947, when the Empire of India gained independence from the British Empire and was partitioned into the Union of India and the Dominion of Pakistan, the regiment was allocated to India and is now the most senior rifle regiment of the Indian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18706008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706008" title="Zlatograd dialect">
Zlatograd dialect

The Zlatograd dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Rup or Southeastern Bulgarian dialects. The Zlatograd dialect is spoken in the southwestern part of the Eastern Rhodopes, i.e. in the town of Zlatograd, as well as a number of neighbouring villages and towns, e.g. Nedelino, Kirkovo, etc. The Zlatograd dialect is most closely related to the eastern and western Rup dialects, but also shares a number of phonological and morphological characteristics with the Rhodopean dialects. Thus, it is usually considered to be transitional between the two groups.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Rup or Rhodopean dialects, cf. Rup dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#zlatogradski]

</doc>
<doc id="18706023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706023" title="FC Mykolaiv">
FC Mykolaiv

FC Mykolaiv is a football club based in Mykolaiv, Lvivska Oblast, Ukraine.
The club was originally called Tsementnyk-Khorda Mykolaiv and was supported by the cement factory in the town.
"Tsementnyk-Khorda" performed well at the Amateur Level in the 1996/97 season and finished Runners up in the competition. This was an entry criteria to the professional leagues and the following season the club entered the Druha Liha.
The club was competitive at that level for 4 seasons and then abruptly withdrew from the competition in 2001 after their sponsors decided not to fund the team.
Currently the club competes in the Lvivska Oblast competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18706030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706030" title="Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History">
Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History

The Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History (, , often abbreviated to KLM-MRA) is a military museum that occupies the two northernmost halls of the historic complex in Cinquantenaire Park in Brussels, Belgium.
History.
At the Brussels exhibition of 1910, a section on military history was presented to the public and met with great success.
Given the enthusiasm of the population, the authorities created a military museum within the international context of extreme tension which led to the Great War. The museum was originally installed on the site of the Abbaye de la Cambre and moved to the Cinquantenaire Park in 1923.
The building.
In 1875, the Belgian architect Gédéon Bordiau made a proposal to build flats on the site of a former parade ground of the Garde Civique. The location was named "Cinquantenaire" (literally "50th anniversary") because it was planned to celebrate the half-century since the independence of Belgium in 1830 as an exhibition space.
Temporary structures were erected on the site for the World Fair of 1897 as Bordiau's work had not been finished. The construction of buildings was put on hold in 1890 for lack of funds and was eventually stopped by the death of the architect in 1904. Work resumed the following year under the direction of French architect Charles Girault and was completed with a new patron, King Leopold II. The triumphal arch that had already been planned was amended and expanded to meet the wishes of the King.
The park is set on the continuation of the Rue de la Loi which starts at the end of the Brussels Park before the royal palace. A fire destroyed the south wing of the building in 1946.
Collection.
The collection originally consisted of a set of exhibits collected by an officer, Louis Leconte. Approximately 900 pieces were brought together, the collection was later heavily enriched by legacies, gifts and exchanges. Leconte was particular in choosing from equipment abandoned by the Germans in 1918.
Today, it is possible to find uniforms, weapons, vehicles and military equipment of a number of periods and countries there.
Important developments include:
Aviation hall.
The north wing, built by Gideon Bordiau, has been occupied by the aviation hall since 1972 when the Air and Space gallery was inaugurated.
The collection includes various types of aircraft, both military and civilian, some dating back to the early twentieth century, while the most recent additions include a F-16 Fighting Falcon and Westland Sea King. The collection is one of the largest in the world.

</doc>
<doc id="18706033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706033" title="Igbo American">
Igbo American

Igbo Americans, or Americans of Igbo ancestry, () are Americans of ethnic Igbo people descent, most of them former Nigerian citizens who arrived in the US as economic migrants and because of issues relating to the Nigerian-Biafran War.
In the United States Igbo slaves were erroneously referred to by a couple of names corrupted from Igbo such as "Ibo" and "Eboe". Some Igbo slaves were also referred to as 'bites', denoting their Bight of Biafra origin, their new slave names were often given to them denoting their origin in Africa such as Bonna for a slave that arrived through the port of Bonny. Their presence in the United States was met with mixed feelings by American plantation owners.
History.
Atlantic slave trade.
The Igbo were affected heavily by the Atlantic slave trade in the 18th century. Igbo slaves were known for being rebellious and having a high count of suicide in defiance of slavery. In the United States the Igbo were most numerous in the states of Maryland (coincidentally where there is a predominant population of recent Igbo immigrants) and Virginia, so much so that some historians have denominated colonial Virginia as “Igbo land.”
With a total of 37,000 Africans that arrived in Virginia from Calabar in the 18th century, 30,000 were Igbo according to Douglas B. Chambers. The Frontier Culture Museum of Virginia estimates around 38% of captives taken to Virginia were from the Bight of Biafra. Igbo peoples constituted the majority of enslaved Africans in Maryland. Chambers has been quoted saying "My research suggests that perhaps 60 percent of black Americans have at least one Igbo ancestor..."
Virginia.
Virginia was the colony that took in the largest percentage of Igbo slaves. Researchers such as David Eltis estimate between 30—45% of the 'imported' slaves were from the Bight of Biafra, of these slaves 80% were likely Igbo. A so-called conservative estimate of the amount of Igbo taken into Virginia between 1698 and 1778 is placed at 25,000. The Igbo concentration was especially high in the Tidewater and Piedmont regions of the Virginia interior. One of the reasons for this high number of Igbo slaves in Virginia was the domination of the Bight of Biafra region of Africa by Bristol and Liverpool English merchants who frequently brought Bight of Biafra slaves to British colonies, Virginia being one of these colonies. The high concentration of Igbo slaves in Virginia was contributed to further by neighboring states. Planters in South Carolina and Georgia looked down on Igbo slaves because many were rebellious. Because of this the majority of Igbo slaves were taken and sold to Virginian planters.
Some possible Igbo names were also found among slave records in Virginia. Names found in records such as Anica, or Anakey, Breechy and Juba may originate respectively from the Igbo names Nneka, meaning "the mother is superior", and "mburichi", male members of the Kingdom of Nri and Jiugba, meaning "yam barn". Some had their ethnicity added to their names such as "Eboe Sarah" and plain "Ebo". These hints of Igbo influence go along with cultural remnants pointing towards the Igbo presence in Virginia, one of which is the use of the Eboe drum in music. The Igbo presence in Virginia also brought new practices such as the cultivation of Okra, a plant whose name derives from the Igbo language. Slaves in Virginia relied on sweet potato which is argued by Douglas Chambers to be an indication of a substitute for yam, the Igbo staple crop.
Kentucky.
The state of Kentucky, which was carved out of the Colony of Virginia had received many of Virginia's slave drivers and slaves as people started migrating westward. These migrations spread out the population of African slaves in America, including Igbo slaves. Here the Igbo population had already become heavily creoleized alongside other African ethnicity's that were taken in significant numbers to America.
Culture.
African cultures were heavily suppressed in the American slave era. The plantation and slave owners made sure to suppress African cultures through intimidation and torture, stripping away slaves' names and heritage. As expected, Igbo culture faced the same oppression, however some cultural remnants of Igbo origin was found and can still be found in the United States. Most of these cultural remnants can be found in music and entertainment. Igbo culture manifested in America through the Jonkonnu festivals that once took residence in the black slave population in Virginia. This masquerade bears similarity with the masking traditions of the Okonko secret society who still operate in the Igbo hinterland. The maskers wear horns which further shows similarity to Igbo culture and the Ikenga deity. Heavily African influenced American music genres such as Jazz and Ragtime stem from a mix of African cultures that creolized in the Americas. Although these genres could be described as a mix, there are elements of American music that have specific origin and Igbo instruments, such as the 'Eboe Drum'. The Igbo opi flute is similar to the drum and fife traditions.
Religion.
The majority of Igbo Americans identify as Christian, with a significant amount of adherents to Roman Catholicism. Protestantism including Anglicanism, Seventh day Adventist, Baptist, Methodist and non-denomiational churches make up the other denominations of Igbo Christians.
Igbo landmarks in America.
Igbo village in Virginia.
The Frontier Culture Museum of Virginia has completed an Igbo single-family farmers compound to acknowledge the prevalence of the Igbo in 19th century Virginia.
Igbo Landing.
Igbo Landing is a historic site in Dunbar Creek of St. Simons Island, Glynn County, Georgia, United States. In 1803 it was the location of a mass suicide by Igbo slaves in resistance to slavery in the United States, and is of symbolic importance in African American folklore and literary history.
Genealogy tracing.
In the 2003 PBS program "African American Lives", Bishop T.D. Jakes had his DNA analyzed; his Y chromosome showed that he is descended from the Igbo. American actors Forest Whitaker and Blair Underwood have traced their genealogy back to the Igbo people.

</doc>
<doc id="18706035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706035" title="Johannes Pauli">
Johannes Pauli

Johannes Pauli (born about 1455; died after 1530 in the monastery of Thann in Alsace) was a German Franciscan writer.
Life.
What little is known of his life rests upon unreliable information. Ludwig von Pastor rejected the story that he was of Jewish descent, and had been baptised at an early age, taking the name of Johannes Pauli from his godfather. 
Pauli became Master of Arts in Strasbourg, entered the Franciscans (the "Barefooted"), and delivered his first sermon in Thann in 1479. Two years later, he was sent to the convent at Oppenheim; in 1504 the conventual monastery at Bern desired him as a guardian. He held the same office in Strasbourg 1506-10; in 1516 he is mentioned as preacher in Sélestat; later in Villingen in the Black Forest, and finally in Thann.
Works.
Prompted by his acquaintance with Geiler of Kaisersberg, he published in 1515 "Das Evangelienbuch"; in 1516 "Die Emeis, Buch von der Omeissen"; in 1517 "Die Brösamlin Geilers"; in 1520 "Das Narrenschiff, aus dem Latein ins Deutsch gebracht". 
His own work, which assured him a lasting place in German literature, is the collection of farces and humorous stories "Schimpf (Scherz) und Ernst". This a genuine "folk book", written in an easy and plain style, filled with humour and pointed satire, intended to instruct while it amused. "He did not desire," as Georg Rollenhagen says in his preface to "Froschmäusler", "to make people laugh without teaching them something; his book was like the old legends and sagas, full of fabulous happenings and incidents, but written so that in them, as in a comedy, there are combined with poetry and imagination the plain, unvarnished, bitter truths of life, worded so as to tell serious things in a jocular manner, with a laugh and a smile." 
Pauli drew his information from a variety of sources, and his farces became the inspiration of the later German poets, especially for Hans Sachs. He exercised a wide influence upon the culture of the whole century.

</doc>
<doc id="18706040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706040" title="One Little Plane">
One Little Plane

One Little Plane is folk artist Kathryn Bint. Hailing from Chicago, Bint's music has been described as "gently wistful, dust-kicking psychedelia" and "dreamy heart warming folk" with "simple, heartfelt melodies". One Little Plane's debut album, "Until" (2008), featured production from Kieran Hebden. Hebden also produced the follow-up, "Into the Trees" (2012).

</doc>
<doc id="18706053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706053" title="Mountains of Kong">
Mountains of Kong

The Mountains of Kong are a non-existent mountain range charted on maps of Africa from 1798 through to the late 1880s. The mountains were once thought to begin in West Africa near the highland source of the Niger River close to Tembakounda in Guinea, then continue east to the also fictitious Central African Mountains of the Moon, thought to be where the White Nile had its source.
History.
In 1798 a map resulting from the explorations of the area by Mungo Park showed this west to east mountain range for the first time. It was produced by the English cartographer James Rennell who showed the Niger evaporating inland at Wangara.
The German map maker Johann Reinecke included the mountains in his map of 1804 as the "Geburg Kong". In 1805 the London engraver John Cary showed them for the first time linking to the Moon Mountains.
Various nineteenth century explorers of West Africa included the range on maps they produced or directed the production of after exploring the area. These include French explorer René Caillié, who explored the highlands of Guinea at Fouta Djallon, near the source of the Niger; the Cornish explorer Richard Lemon Lander and his younger brother John; and Scottish explorer Hugh Clapperton who also sought the course of the Niger River in its upper reaches.
The historians Thomas Basset and Phillip Porter have identified forty maps showing the mountains published between 1798 and 1892.
Despite the failure of other later explorers to locate the range, it continued to appear on maps until late in the nineteenth century.
Cartographers stopped including the mountains on maps after French explorer Louis Gustave Binger established that the mountains were fictitious in his 1887-1889 expedition to chart the Niger River from its mouth in the Gulf of Guinea and through Côte d'Ivoire.
In 1928 Bartholemew's Oxford Advanced Atlas still contained them in its index locating them at 8° 40' N, 5° 0' W. Even later they appeared erroneously in Goode's World Atlas of 1995.
Related namings.
The town of Kong, Ivory Coast dates to the 12th century and bears the name which it gave to the mountains. This rose in power during the 17th century to form the Kong Empire which eventually passed under French colonial rule.
A range of hills called the Kong Hills are part of the band of high ground separating the inner plains of West Africa from the coast regions. In general the summits of the hills are below 2000 ft. and not more than 700 ft. above the level of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="18706056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706056" title="Suzanne D'Mello">
Suzanne D'Mello

Suzanne D'Mello, formerly known as "Suzie Q", is Indian playback singer of Bollywood films and other regional films. She also has voiced jingles for television advertisements. 
Career.
Over the years, Suzanne has worked with several music directors including A.R. Rahman, Pritam, Sajid Wajid, Ilaiyaraaja, Yuvan Shankar Raja, Salim-Sulaiman, Anu Malik, Bappi Lahiri and Vishal-Shekhar. She has sung up to 50 songs as a Playback singer in Bollywood. In 2006, Suzanne sang her first playback song for music director Pritam - "Khalish" from the film ' Chocolate'. The song that first got her recognized was "Mahiya" from the film ' Awaarapan', for which she received her First nomination at the Stardust Awards in 2008. This was followed by a string of superhits like " Jee Karda" from 'Singh Is Kinng', "Pyaar Karke" from 'Pyaar Ke Side Effects', "Signaal" from 'Bhagam Bhag', "Meow" from 'Golmaal Returns'.
Her super hit "Aye Bachchu" from the Blockbuster 'Ghajini', earned her a nomination at the Tata Indicom Mirchi Music Awards 2009. Following this was yet another String of Super Hit Songs like "Surili Ankhiyon Wale" from 'Veer', "Rishtey Naatey" from 'De Dana Dan', "Chiggy Wiggy" from Blue where Suzanne collaborated yet again with A.R.Rahman and Australian Pop Star, Kylie Minogue, and "Naina Miley" from 'Robot'. Her Current Super Hit Songs that are topping the charts are "Challa" from 'Crook' and "No Problem" from 'No Problem'.
Besides Bollywood, Suzanne has a few Hits even in the South. She received great recognition and appreciation for her vocals on "Hosannah" from "Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya" (Tamil), "Nalamdhana" from 'Silambattam' (Tamil) and currently for the song "Ayyayo Ayyayo" from 'Veera Parampare' (Kannada).
Besides Bollywood, D'Mello has two songs "Latika's Theme" and "Dreams On Fire" in the Oscar and Grammy Award winning soundtrack of the Hollywood film "Slumdog Millionaire" (2008). She was also part of A. R. Rahman's "Jai Ho" tour.

</doc>
<doc id="18706058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706058" title="Eurobasket.com Greek Basketball Hall of Fame">
Eurobasket.com Greek Basketball Hall of Fame

The Eurobasket.com Greek Basketball Hall of Fame is Eurobasket.com's hall of fame for professional basketball players and coaches that played and coached in the top professional basketball league of Greece, the Greek Basket League. It is also the hall of fame for Greek basketball players and coaches that played basketball with and coached the Greek national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18706065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706065" title="DriveWorks">
DriveWorks

DriveWorks is a design automation program that runs on Microsoft Windows and is developed by DriveWorks Ltd.
DriveWorks can automate the design or sales function internally or over the internet. Or it can connect to any existing sales configurator to automate the design function.
History.
DriveWorks was introduced in 2001 as the first application to provide non-programmers with the ability to automate the design function. Typical competitive products available at the time of this first release involved bespoke programming in an unfamiliar language. In 2002 DriveWorks was certified as the first SolidWorks Gold Partner in the Knowledge-Based Engineering category. 2007 saw DriveWorks win Start-IT magazine's Power of Partnerships Award and later that year SolidWorks decided to include DriveWorksXpress into its core product. DriveWorks is 100% privately held by business partners Glen Smith and Maria Sarkar [http://blogs.driveworks.co.uk/maria/].
Market.
DriveWorks is used by Engineer to Order companies (typically companies that design 'the same, but different products') to automatically design their products that meet a customer’s exact requirements. It is used to generate both manufacturing and sales documents. Its customer base ranges from small to large companies, and covers a very wide cross section of manufacturing market segments. Commercial sales are made through an indirect channel of resellers throughout the world. Directly competitive products to DriveWorks include Rulestream and Inventor Intent.
The DriveWorks approach.
Typically a design engineer would initially create the rule set for the automation of the design function. However, different skill sets within an organization can contribute. For instance a sales engineer may apply the rules for producing a quote, an IT technician may apply the rules to connect to and utilize a company’s business data.
The DriveWorks approach is typically: -
DriveWorks allows personnel within an organization to accomplish this because of its ease of use approach. The main syntax for the formulation of rules adopts the Microsoft Excel format. Wizards within the software's rule builder allow connections to ODBC compliant databases to export or retrieve and filter data, without requiring SQL experience.
However, DriveWorks does include the ability for custom code to be applied through its Application programming interface (API). Additionally various routines can be executed on chosen events using VBA macros.
DriveWorks includes various diagnostic tools that reproduce the user experience, rule calculation and data generation process in run-time. This allows trouble-free adjustment of the rule set to achieve the most accurate results.
The DriveWorks API allows custom plug-ins to be written to perform additional or supplementary tasks that add to the automation project. These plug-ins can be run pre-specification or post specification.
Examples of pre-specification plugins include: -
Examples of post-specification plugins include: -
When set up, the DriveWorks software allows the user to fill out the form that has been produced, then the manufacturing and sales documents will be created automatically.
Editions.
DriveWorks software is available in a number of commercial editions. 
Additionally DriveWorksXpress is free inside SolidWorks 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and later.
DriveWorks Xpress
DriveWorks Xpress is included in every new seat of SolidWorks. It allows the user to create multiple variations of their SolidWorks parts, assemblies and drawings.
Commercial Products
DriveWorks Solo
Released in September 2009, DriveWorks Solo provides all the rule capabilities of DriveWorks Pro - Administrator. A fully functional user form designer is also included along with the ability to drive template documents. DriveWorks Solo and SolidWorks generate the custom 3D designs, detailed manufacturing drawings and quote for each new custom design automatically.
DriveWorks Pro - Administrator
The DriveWorks core product provides all the functionality to set up and run the automation project. Additional functionality includes a user form designer, testing and diagnostic tools, and a local model generation add-in for SolidWorks.
DriveWorks Pro - User
DriveWorks Users can fill out the forms created by the DriveWorks Administrator to generate new specifications. The User CANNOT change the rules.
DriveWorks Pro - Autopilot
This module manages and controls all the data that needs to be produced.
DriveWorks Pro - Live
The addition of DriveWorks Live allows specifications to be made over the internet without the need for additional web programming. Web themes can even be modified either through the inbuilt wizard or totally customized to suit corporate branding.
DriveWorks Pro - 3D Preview
Working in conjunction with DriveWorks Live, DriveWorks 3D Preview allows the user to display a 3D Preview of their products online.
Subscription Services
DriveWorks has an initial purchase price with a yearly subscription service termed "maintenance". The subscription service entitles the user to free service packs, new versions, comprehensive hotline support, access to the customer website which contains helpful information, including 'How To' videos, an online knowledge base, enhancement request form, and discussion forums.
Version History.
Current Version:
For the latest information on software and hardware compatibility, please visit the Prerequisites page of the DriveWorks Solo and DriveWorks Pro help files.
Past Versions
Add-in Products.
DriveWorks allows for the seamless integration of third-party modules, through the API. Some of these modules are small and introduce minor functionality, such as entering all automatically generated data into a Product data management (PDM) application, while others could read specifications made in an alternative application and convert them to automate the design of a product in DriveWorks.
API.
DriveWorks includes an Application Programming Interface (API) with SDK for macro and third party development.
Output File format.
DriveWorks can automatically create many file formats as standard, such as native SolidWorks files, native Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel formats and XML. But many other file formats can be produced from these such as DXF, PDF, HTML etc.

</doc>
<doc id="18706070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706070" title="William Russell Allen House">
William Russell Allen House

William Russell Allen House is a historic house at 359 East Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. It was designed by H. Neill Wilson, and built in 1886 as a town house for William Russell Allen, a wealthy member of a locally prominent family. The house is an early work by Wilson, who went on to a long a successful career as an architect in Berkshire County and elsewhere.
The house is an early example of the Shingle style of design. The first floor exterior is constructed of bluestone quarried in Great Barrington, and the upper floors are clad in terra cotta, an uncommon finish in the area. The interior contains numerous examples of high quality craftsmanship, in woodwork, stone, tile, and stained glass.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18706077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706077" title="Anthony House (Adams, Massachusetts)">
Anthony House (Adams, Massachusetts)

The Anthony House is a historic house at 67 East Road in Adams, Massachusetts. It is notable for its association with early educators and industrialists in Adams, and as the birthplace of suffragist Susan B. Anthony in 1820. Anthony's father Daniel was an influential member of the local Quaker community, taught in the local school, and helped establish the Adams Academy, a secondary school. He and his brother also built one of the first mills in Adams in 1822, before the family left the area for Upstate New York in 1825.
The house is a conventional center hall 2.5 story colonial in the Federalist style. Twin chimneys rise from the building's center line, and a modest 1.5 story ell was added onto the rear of the house, and a porch added onto the side of the rear ell in the 1950s was enclosed in the 1960s. A barn has been replaced by a modern garage on the property. Inside the house the original floorplan has been retained, with a central hall flanked by large public rooms in front of the house and smaller service rooms in the rear. The rear ell contains two small rooms. Most of the original woodwork has been retained, although one fireplace has been bricked up. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The house is now a museum dedicated to showcasing Susan B. Anthony's early years.
History.
The first of the Anthonys to arrive in Adams, Massachusetts was David Anthony, the great-grandfather of Susan B. Anthony, in the years before the American Revolutionary War. He came as part of a more general migration of Quakers to the area from Rhode Island and southeastern Massachusetts. He established a cider mill that remains in the Anthony family to this day. His grandson, David Anthony, built this house in 1817 as a gift to his son, Daniel Anthony, the father of Susan B. Anthony. David was a strong proponent of education, teaching at the East Road School, and joining with others in the tightly knit Quaker community to found the Adams Academy in 1825 on land owned by his father. Daniel Anthony also continued the family interest in mills, establishing a cotton yarn-producing mill, known as the Pump Log Mill, in 1822. 
It is in this house that his second child, Susan B. Anthony, was born on February 15, 1820. In 1827 he was lured by financial interests to Battenville, New York.
The house remained in Anthony family hands until 1895, after which it went through a succession of owners. The Society of Friends Descendants acquired the property in 1926, and established a museum. The building was returned to private hands in 1949. It remains in private hands, but is managed by the non-profit Susan B. Anthony Birthplace as a historic museum, showcasing Susan B. Anthony's early years and her legacy as a tireless advocate of women's right to vote.

</doc>
<doc id="18706085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706085" title="Armory Block">
Armory Block

Armory Block is a historic block at 39-45 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts. It is one of the four large brick buildings on Park Street along with the P. J. Barrett Block, Jones Block, and the Mausert Block, opposite the Town Hall. It was built in 1894 by A.J. Daniel, a developer from a locally prominent family. The building was built in c. 1895 to serve as an armory for the Massachusetts National Guard, a role it fulfilled until new facilities were built in 1914. After it was decommissioned from military use it was converted into commercial and retail space, uses which continue today. The building was listed on the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18706094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706094" title="Sher-bakar">
Sher-bakar

Sher-bakar is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Punjab, India. It is a hunt game. It uses an Alquerque board, and therefore, Sher-bakar is specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game). There are two tigers attempting to elude and capture as many of the other player's pieces which in other hunt games in this part of the world is often referred to as a goat, cows, lamb, or men. An interesting and uncommon feature in this game is that the goats, cows, lamb, or men are piled up on four points of the board at the beginning of the game. Piling up pieces is an unusual feature in hunt games or any board game in general. The only other hunt game that uses this feature is Bagh bandi, a game closely related to Sher-bakar. Hereinforth, the white pieces will be referred to as goats. 
Goal.
The goats win if they surround and immobilize the two tigers.
The tigers win if they capture enough goats so that they cannot immobilize the tigers.
Equipment.
The board is an Alquerque board. There are 2 tigers represented as 2 black pieces. There are 19 goats represented as 19 white pieces.
Game play and rules.
1. Players decide which animal to play. 
2. In the beginning, one tiger is placed on the middle point of the left most column, and the other tiger is placed on the middle point of the right most column. The goats are placed on four different points. They are placed on the second and fourth point of the second left most column, and on the second and fourth point of the middle column. Three of the four points have five goats piled up, and the remaining point has four goats piled up. 
3. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. Only one piece may be used to move or capture per turn. The goats start first.
4. There is no source that completely describes the movement of the goats or tigers for Sher-bakar. However, a similar game called Bagh bandi that is from Lower Bengal, India may provide us the answer. The goat player may take the top goat of a pile, and place it onto any vacant adjacent point following the pattern on the board. Or the goat player can take any single goat on the board and move it one space onto any vacant adjacent point following the pattern on the board. A goat may not move onto a pile, or onto a single goat piece to form a pile. 
Similarly, a tiger may be moved one space onto a vacant adjacent point following the pattern on the board.
5. A tiger can capture by the short leap as in draughts or Alquerque. The tiger leaps over the adjacent goat, and lands on a vacant point immediately beyond. The leap must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. A tiger can also leap over a pile of goats, but only captures the top most goat of the pile, and lands onto a vacant point on the other side. Again, the jump must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. Only one capture is allowed per turn, however, another source states that multiple captures are allowed. If multiple captures are allowed, the tiger, however, cannot jump back and forth on the same pile to capture all of its pieces in one turn. Captures are not compulsory. 
Goats cannot capture.

</doc>
<doc id="18706096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706096" title="Armstrong House (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
Armstrong House (North Adams, Massachusetts)

The Armstrong House is a historic house located at 60 Brooklyn Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in the Italianate style in 1875, during North Adams' industrial boom time. It was built for W. W. Armstrong, a worker at the Arnold Print Works. It is one of the best-preserved Italianate houses in the area.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706112" title="Knight Park-Howell Station">
Knight Park-Howell Station

Knight Park-Howell Station, also known as Howell Station Historic District or 
Knight Park Historic District, is a historic neighborhood in West Midtown, Atlanta, Georgia. Almost all buildings in the area were destroyed in the American Civil War, in Sherman's March to the Sea, so all buildings in the district are newer than 1864. The neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18706127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706127" title="P. J. Barrett Block">
P. J. Barrett Block

The P.J. Barrett Block is a historic block at 70—76 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts. It is one of the four brick buildings on Park Street along with the Jones Block, Armory Block, and the Mausert Block, opposite the Town Hall. The block was built in roughly 1880, during a period of rapid industrial expansion in Adams. The original uses of the building were to provide retail shops on the ground floor and apartment-style housing above, a common feature of buildings of the period. It has a somewhat utilitarian appearance, which may be reflective of the relative haste in which it was designed and built. The building has a brick face, and the windows on the upper floors have curved pediments. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
In 1984, after a period of abandonment, the building was rehabilitated by Dawson Associates into two commercial spaces and eight apartments of affordable housing. Financing was a blended form from an area bank, the (then) Massachusetts Government Land Bank under a pilot program to encourage changes in local tax abatement procedures to incentivize the redevelopment of abandoned properties, and the Town of Adams. Dawson Associates consisted of Mr. Donald Ruffer a prominent area Realtor, Mr. Richard Moscatelli, Executive Director of Housing Now, and Carter Terenzini, the former Commissioner of Community and Economic Development and Principal of RCT Associates. All were from Pittsfield, MA.

</doc>
<doc id="18706128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706128" title="Global Airways">
Global Airways

Global Airways is a name used by several airlines including:

</doc>
<doc id="18706132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706132" title="John Koethe">
John Koethe

John Koethe (born December 25, 1945) is an American poet and essayist. Originally from San Diego, California, he was educated at Princeton University and Harvard University, and is currently a professor of philosophy at the University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee.
Inspiration and influences.
Koethe has stated that the inspiration for many of his poems comes "in the shower, and while I'm shaving." He has said he loves living in Wisconsin, and that he finds the state beautiful. He has titled several of his poems after places in his hometown of Milwaukee, including "Hackett Avenue."
As influences on his poetry, he identifies several people, including famed writers William Wordsworth and Marcel Proust.
Writing career.
Koethe's published work includes "Blue Vents" (Audit/Poetry, 1969), "Domes" (Columbia University Press, 1973), "The Late Wisconsin Spring" (Princeton University Press, 1984), "The Continuity of Wittgenstein's Thought" (Cornell University Press, 1996), "Falling Water" (HarperPerennial, 1997), "The Constructor," (HarperFlamingo, 1999), "Poetry at One Remove" (University of Michigan Press, 2000) and "North Point North: New and Selected Poems" (HarperCollins, 2002). His most recent books include "Scepticism, Knowledge, and Forms of Reasoning" (Cornell University Press, 2005), "Sally's Hair" (HarperCollins, 2006), "Ninety-fifth Street" (Harper Parennial, 2009) and "ROTC Kills" (Harper Perennial, 2012).
Koethe has also contributed poetry and essays to publications including "Poetry", "Paris Review", "Quarterly Review of Literature", "Parnassus", and "Art News".
His work has been included in anthologies of poetry, including "The Best American Poetry (2003)". Additionally, he was selected to contribute his views on contemporary poetry for the book "Ecstatic Occasions, Expedient Forms", which billed him as one of "85 leading contemporary poets."
Critical reception.
Koethe's work has been well received by critics and academicians. John Freeman, writing in the "Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel", praised "Sally's Hair" by noting: "We're wrapped around finger." He cited passages that alternatively explored the poet's most intimate layers before "ricochet[ing back out into airy ponderings."
Robert Hahn, writing for "The Kenyon Review", noted how Koethe's poetry paid homage to legendary literary influences, yet still retained a distinctively trenchant voice. Hahn praised Koethe as a poet of "striking and significant originality."
Andrew Yaphe, writing in the "Chicago Review", hailed Koethe as being “widely recognized as one of our foremost Romantic poets, an inheritor of the tradition of Stevens and Ashbery.” And Prof. Bill Olsen of Western Michigan University prefixed a January 2005 public reading by Koethe by stating: "Reading or hearing a John Koethe poem is like listening to yourself – like hearing parts of your own consciousness for the first time."
Honors and awards.
Koethe's "Domes" won the Frank O'Hara Award for Poetry, and his "Falling Water" won the Kingsley Tufts Poetry Award from Claremont Graduate University. He has been granted fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts and he has been nominated for the New Yorker Book Award, the Boston Book Review Award and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize, and the Boston Book Review Book Award. He is a fellow of the American Academy in Berlin, and the recipient of a lifetime achievement award from the Council for Wisconsin Writers.
In February 2000, Koethe was named the first poet laureate for the city of Milwaukee, for which he received a $2,500 honorarium over two years. When asked in an interview what being the poet laureate required, Koethe replied: "I was the first one, and no one was quite sure what exactly I was supposed to do. The Friends of the Library oversaw the position, so together, we just sort of made it up. I read Dr. Seuss to some kids, gave a poetry reading, read a poem to The Common Council. I also introduced four writers at Centennial Hall: two fiction writers, Martha Berglund and C.J. Hribal, and two poets Susan Firer and Lisa Samuels."

</doc>
<doc id="18706135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706135" title="Beaver Mill">
Beaver Mill

Beaver Mill is a historic mill located on Beaver Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. Its main building (mill #1) is built in part on foundations that date to 1833, representing surviving elements the oldest industrial mill structure in North Adams. The mill was rebuilt and enlarged after a fire in 1850, and achieved its largest extent in 1900 as part of the Arnold Print Works properties. In 1908 Arnold sold the property to Sprague Electric, whose first major facility it was. (Sprague went on to take over most of the Arnold complex.)
The mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706141" title="Kennox House">
Kennox House

Kennox House is situated on the road from Stewarton to Torranyard in North Ayrshire, Parish of Dunlop, Scotland. The house overlooks the Glazert Water, which runs into the Annick Water at Watermeetings.
History.
Crivoch House.
Kennox house was originally called Crivoch and a house nearby still retains that name. Sir Neil Montgomery of Lainshaw married Elizabeth Cunninghame of Aiket and one of their sons, John of Cockilbie, had a son named John of Crivoch in the mid-17th century. He may have lived at Crivoch before it was purchased by the Somervilles. The letters of Sir David Cunningham of Auchenharvie to his cousin the laird of Robertland preserved in the National Archives of Scotland detail his efforts to purchase some of these lands (NAS GD237/25/1-4) He sold some of them in turn to James Douglas of Chesters in 1642 (RGS, ix, (1634–1651), no.1189) In 1691 the Hearth Tax records show the Lands of Crivoch with twelve families and the largest dwelling, that of Mistress Miller, possessing four.
The Somervilles and MacAlisters.
In around 1700 John Somerville of the Kennox Estate in Lanarkshire purchased the Bollingshaw (now Bonshaw) Barony and built Kennox House (also Kenox in 1832 and Kennoch in 1792) on the lands of Montgomerie - Crevoch. John Somerville married Janet, eldest daughter and heiress of Alexander Montgomerie of Assloss House (previously Aslois, Sloss or Asloace) near Kilmarnock. The family sold Assloss in 1725.
William Somerville succeeded to the Kennox property in 1743 and married Lilias Porterfield of Hapland. A daughter, Janet, married Charles McAlester, 12th of Loup, in 1792, only son of Angus McAlester of Loup, Chief of the Clan MacAlister, who died in 1797. He assumed the name and arms of Somerville along with his own. He died in 1847 and was succeeded by his son, Charles.
Patterson records that the McAlester's were Jacobites and had lost their estates and money after 1745, however this marriage restored their fortunes and, as stated, 'Somerville' has been retained in the patronym and coat of arms. Charles was succeeded by his son, Charles. Charles Somerville McAlester of Loup and Kennox died in 1903 and was succeeded by his son, Charles Godfrey Somerville McAlester of Loup and Kennox.
Colonel Charles McAlester, Laird of Loup and Kennox, became Deputy Lieutenant of Ayrshire, and Commandant of the first regiment of Ayrshire Local Militia. It is recorded that when the regiment was disbanded he kept the banners, instruments and other items at Kennox, saying that "if anyone had a better claim" he would release the items to them.
Captain Charles Somerville McAlester married Williamina P. Pollok - Morris of Craig House. She died aged 27 in 1872 and is buried in Saint Maurs - Glencairn church with her parents and not with her husband. This arrangement is rather unusual and may have been a family tradition judging by the other married daughters buried here with the family. Kennox is not even in the same Parish as Craig House.
Charles Somerville McAlister and Janet had four children. They bequeathed the part of the Barony of Bollingshaw named Chapelton to their younger son James, who never married and died in 1857. Charles the father died in 1847 and his eldest son, also called Charles Somerville McAlester, born in 1828 and married to Mary Brabazon, inherited the Kennox estate. It is recorded by Dobie that the older Charles was an eccentric and was one of the last of the country squires of old in his attitudes and behaviour.
The current chief of the clan is William St John Somerville McAlester of Loup and Kennox who lives in England. The current chief is a member of The Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs. Today (2010) there is a clan centre located at Glenbarr Abbey.
Kennox estate.
The estate consisted of the lands of Crevoch - Lindsay, Crevoch - Montgomerie, part of the lands of Bonshaw and the lands of Fairlie - Crevoch, including the chapel lands and the glebe. These chapel lands would have been held in mortmain until after the reformation. The old cottage beyond the site of the old mill was known as Crevoch and a building of that name is placed in this area in Timothy Pont's map of 1604. Fairlie - Crevoch is situated near Cunninghamhead and a Fairlie - Crevoch Mill existed on the Annick Water near Ramstane (1860 OS), however this had been known as Scroaggy or Scroaggie Mill until after the 'Kennox' Crevoch mill fell into disuse.
James Somerville obtained Chapelton, however we know from Dobie that James McAlister, nephew of the aforementioned James, was the owner in 1874. This James McAlister, the nephew of James Somerville, also never married. Chapelton had been re-acquired into the Bollingshaw Barony for him by his father, Charles McAlister.
Micro history.
Major McAlester of Kennox, then a heritor of Dunlop church, obtained the 1792 bell and Miss McAlester and Mr.Charles G. S. McAlester returned it to the Kirk Session in 1935 to honour the centenary of the present church.
Charles Somerville MacAllister was one of the stewards at the great banquet held after the Eglinton Tournament.
Colonel and Mrs MacAllister attended the famous 1839 Eglinton Tournament in what is now Eglinton Country Park and were alloted a seat in the Grand Stand.
The Glazert burn, previously Glazart has otters and the rare freshwater mussel (source of freshwater pearls) as witnessed by broken shells found scattered on the river bank.
The Kilmarnock Glenfield Ramblers.
Over many years this society paid several visits to Kennox and on one visit in 1930 they were told by McAlister, the Laird of Loup and Kennox, that the nearby name Gallowayford is derived from the Gallows which permanently stood beside the ford on the Glazert. It was also noted that an ancient Yew tree grew in the grounds which challenged the Loudoun Castle yew in size and antiquity. A very fine specimen of a Hornbeam was also noted.
The Kennox estate saw pit.
Kennox possesses one of the few surviving, although long unused, Saw pits, clearly marked on the first edition of the OS map. These pits were used for cutting local timber into planks, stobs and other forms of timber for fencing, building, etc. The site is next to the Glazert Water (Glassard in 1779) which runs through the estate. An early OS map shows a track running from the saw pit up across the leat and towards the entrance to Bickethall.

</doc>
<doc id="18706142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706142" title="Becket Center Historic District">
Becket Center Historic District

Becket Center Historic District is a historic district in Becket, Massachusetts. The district encompasses the area that was the traditional center of the town of Becket. Most of the architecture in the district is in the Federal and Greek Revival styles popular in the late 18th to mid 19th centuries. In addition to houses, the district includes public buildings: an old post office, old town hall, Congregational church, and schoolhouse. It also includes the historic town pound (where stray livestock would be penned until reclaimed by its owner), a cemetery, and the only surviving 19th century church horse sheds in Berkshire County.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18706146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706146" title="Berkshire Mill No. 1">
Berkshire Mill No. 1

Berkshire Mill No. 1 is a historic mill on Hoosac Street in the center of Adams, Massachusetts. It is one of the surviving remnants of the Berkshire Cotton Manufacturing Company, established in Adams in 1888 by the locally prominent Plunkett family. The business was successful despite a drop in demand for the products of other Adams mills because the Plunketts decided to focus on more fashionable fine cotton fabric. The company grew rapidly between its founding and 1900, when President William McKinley, a friend of the Plunketts, laid the cornerstone for their Number 4 Mill. The company eventually acquired other mills by purchase, but business declined in the 20th century, and the mills changed ownership several times. Portions of them were converted to other manufacturing uses, and mills 2 and 3 were demolished due do a drop in demand for industrial space. The mill was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. The building has been converted to apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="18706150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706150" title="Berkshire Life Insurance Company Building">
Berkshire Life Insurance Company Building

Berkshire Life Insurance Company Building is a historic commercial building at 5-7 North Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. It is located in the heart of downtown Pittsfield, facing Park Square across North Street.
It was built in 1868 to house the headquarters of the Berkshire Life Insurance Company. It was designed by Louis Weisbein, a Boston architect who also designed the nearby County Courthouse and House of Correction. All three buildings originally featured mansard roofs, and were influential on subsequent architecture in downtown Pittsfield.
The building was extended westward in 1906, in work designed by Pittsfield architect Henry Seaver. In 1911 the mansard roof was removed and replaced by two additional stories, to plans by Joseph McArthur Vance. The building's interior was extensively damaged by fire in 1970.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. It was also included in an expansion of Pittsfield's Park Square Historic District in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18706154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706154" title="Kristjánsson">
Kristjánsson

Kristjánsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Kristján". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706161" title="Bidwell House Museum">
Bidwell House Museum

The Bidwell House Museum is a historic house and museum on Art School Road in Monterey, Massachusetts.
The Bidwell House.
The house was built in 1750 by the Reverend Adonijah Bidwell, the first minister in what was then Township No. 1. At that time, the house was the demographic center of the township and was located on the route of the Boston-Albany Post Road. It is a classic Georgian Saltbox built around a central chimney. Four fireplaces and two beehive ovens feed into the chimney structure, which is supported by a classical Roman Arch in the basement. The house has two additions, the Ell Addition (1790) and a Greek Revival/Carriage Barn addition (1836).
History.
Henry Knox.
Reverend Bidwell, a patriot, was an active supporter of the United States Army. Henry Knox, famous for his leadership of the expedition that carried strategically crucial cannons from Fort Ticonderoga to Dorchester Heights, passed through Monterey on that famous mission, most likely on the post road. Historical evidence suggests that Knox may have passed through the Bidwell property on his famous journey, now the basis for books, films, and the historic Henry Knox Trail. He may have even stopped at the house in the middle of winter, possibly to stay a night or obtain supplies.
Ownership.
The Reverend died in 1784 and left the house to his son, Adonijah the Younger. Adonijah the Younger utilized the house and grounds (approximately at the time) as a family farm, before selling the house in his old age to his son, John Devotion Bidwell, for "love and affection and one dollar." In 1853, John Devotion Bidwell sold the house to the Carrington family after 103 years of Bidwell ownership. At the time, John Bidwell was a selectman, justice of the peace, and prominent personality in the newly incorporated town of Monterey, Massachusetts (1847). 
The house remained with the Carrington family for three generations and 61 years until they sold it to a lumber company in 1914. After using the house as a base for local operations, the company sold it to an Art School. It was used as a faculty house by the school until 1935. By this time it had acquired the name "Deepwood Manse." By the 1950s, the house was in an increasing state of disrepair.
Restoration.
In 1960, it was purchased by Jack Hargis and David Brush, two fashion designers from New York City. They bought it and surrounding for the sum of $30,000 and proceeded to spend the next 25 years restoring the house. They were fortunate enough to come across the inventory of the Rev. Bidwell's estate, which listed all his worldly possessions at the time of his death. Hargis and Brush proceeded to fill the restored house with dated pieces of furniture, artwork, and other objects, many of them originally owned by the Reverend.
Today.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 1990, the house became a museum, the result of a death request by David Brush. It is open for tours from Thursday through Monday between Memorial Day and Columbus Day, as well as for special events.

</doc>
<doc id="18706166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706166" title="Blackinton Historic District">
Blackinton Historic District

The Blackinton Historic District is a historic district in the western part of North Adams, Massachusetts, roughly along Massachusetts Avenue between Ashton and Doanes Avenues and Church Hill and the Boston & Maine Railroad. The district, which encompasses North Adams' best preserved mill village, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
The neighborhood.
The neighborhood in which the historic district is located grew up around the mills of the Blackinton Company, founded on the north bank of the Hoosic River in 1821 by Sanford Blackinton, Rufus Wells and J.L White. It would became one of the largest manufacturers of woolen goods in Western Massachusetts. By the early 1900s the neighborhood was a self-contained community, with its own school, jail, stores, post office, library and fire department, and the people there considered themselves be residents of "Blackinton", not North Adams. The community – which historically had been disputed between North Adams and Williamstown – had a station on the Boston & Maine, as well as bus service to North Adams. The mill closed in 1950.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706171" title="Code 11">
Code 11

Code 11 is a barcode symbology developed by Intermec in 1977. It is used primarily in telecommunications. The symbol can encode any length string consisting of the digits 0-9 and the dash character (-). One or more modulo-11 check digit(s) can be included.

</doc>
<doc id="18706178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706178" title="The Boardman">
The Boardman

The Boardman is a series of rowhouses at 39-53 Montana Street, occupying an entire city block between Hoosac and Blackinton Streets in North Adams, Massachusetts. The building was, at the time of its construction (1899-1901), one of the most elaborate multiunit buildings in the city. They were built by developer Walter Penniman in two stages on land subdivided from the estate of F. R. Blackinton in response to the demand for housing occasioned by the establishment of the normal school (now the Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts, located across the street). The first four units were built in 1899, the other five in 1901. The first floor was built of stone, while the second floor was of clapboarded wood frame construction. Each unit featured porches in front and in back, and had a servant staircase in the rear, an indication of the status of the occupants. The architect was Edwin Thayer Barlow, who designed the row in Colonial Revival style. The rowhouses were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706187" title="Capt. John Brewer House">
Capt. John Brewer House

The Capt. John Brewer House is a historic house at 471 Main Road in Monterey, Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1759 by John Brewer, one of the first settlers in what is now Monterey. Brewer came to the area in response to an offer from the owners of the area to establish a mill in exchange for a large land grant. His first house was probably the first in the town; this house, now an L-shaped two story structure with two chimenys, was his second, built nearer the town center.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18706198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706198" title="Charles Browne House">
Charles Browne House

The Charles Browne House is a historic house located at 932 South Church Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in 1869 for Charles A. Browne, a local inventor who invented the electrical fuse, and who worked on the Hoosac Tunnel. The house, which is located not far from the western portal of the tunnel, was constructed in a distinctive regional variant of the Italianate style, of which it is a significant surviving example. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706210" title="Church Street-Cady Hill Historic District">
Church Street-Cady Hill Historic District

The Church Street-Caddy Hill Historic District, originally known as the Church Street Historic District, is a historic district in North Adams, Massachusetts. It was first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 and was expanded and renamed in 1985. The district encompasses the principal residential areas near the center of downtown. When first designated it included residences primarily on East Main Street and Church Street, as well as properties in the neighborhood south of East Main and east of Church; the 1985 expansion extended the district further east and west, to properties on Ashland Street and streets connecting it to Church Street to the west, and the properties along Pleasant Street, Cherry Street, and adjacent streets to the east of Church Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18706213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706213" title="Yabutian languages">
Yabutian languages

The Yabutian or Jabutian languages are two similar moribund languages of Brazil. They are members of the Macro-Je language family.

</doc>
<doc id="18706217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706217" title="Clark-Eames House">
Clark-Eames House

Clark-Eames House is a historic house at 230 Middlefield Road in Washington, Massachusetts. It is one of a few 18th century houses in the town. Built in the Federalist style in the 1780s. It is a 1.5 story cottage that is five bays wide with its front door in the center. A portico added in the late 19th century protects the front entry. Although it was initially used as a farmhouse, it now serves as a vacation residence.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18706223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706223" title="Guató language">
Guató language

Guató is a possible language isolate spoken by the about 10% Guató people of Brazil. Kaufman (1990) provisionally classified it as a branch of the Macro-Jê languages, but no evidence for this was found by Eduardo Ribeiro.
Phonology.
The Guato vowel system, like that of Macro-Jê languages, collapses a three-way distinction of height in oral vowels to two in nasal vowels.

</doc>
<doc id="18706224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706224" title="Citizens Hall">
Citizens Hall

Citizens Hall is a historic building at 13 Willard Road in Interlaken, a village of Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
The hall was built in 1870 as a public schoolhouse. It now houses the IS183 Art School of the Berkshires. The hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972, and included as a contributing property in the Old Curtisville Historic District in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18706228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706228" title="G H Patel College Of Engineering &amp; Technology">
G H Patel College Of Engineering &amp; Technology

G H Patel College of Engineering and Technology (GCET) is an engineering college in Vallabh Vidhyanagar, Gujarat, India. In 2012, GCET is ranked at number 64 in the Top 100 Engineering Colleges of India by DataQuest. In 2006, GCET was named as one of the top 100 engineering schools in India by Outlook. GCET is affiliated with the Gujarat Technological University.
GCET is named after Shri Gordhanbhai Hathibhai Patel, a philanthropist of Gujarat. Established in 1996 to provide undergraduate level technical education, GCET is also involved in industrial consultancy. GCET provides solutions to industry with the help of its faculties(14 Ph.D, 32 ongoing Ph.Ds, 62 M.Tech/M.E and 30 B.E) 
GCET was affiliated with Sardar Patel University(SPU) between 1996 to 2008, and later in 2008 it was affiliated to GTU. The college offers 419 seats in respective engineering branchs and one of the best modern infrastructure available in any engineering college in Gujarat. It has the largest Auditorium in Anand district with the seating capacity of more than 400 people with fully air conditioned facility.
Departments.
Undergraduate 
Post graduate 
Management.
Management includes Mr. C.L. Patel (Chairman, Charotar Vidya Mandal), Mr. P. B. Patel (CMD, Elecon), Dr. BG Patel (Vice Chancellor, Sardar Patel University), Dr. Anil Kane (Chairman, Indian Wind Energy Association), Chairman, AICTE (All India Council for Technical Education) and Director of Technical Education (Gujarat State) and the present Principal of the College is Mr H.B.Soni who was formerly Head of the Department of Electronic and Communication department.

</doc>
<doc id="18706230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706230" title="Bolyai Prize">
Bolyai Prize

The International Bolyai János Prize of Mathematics is an international prize for mathematicians founded by the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. The prize is awarded in every five years to mathematicians having published their monograph describing their own highly important new results in the past 10 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18706231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706231" title="Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters">
Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's team rosters

This article shows all participating team squads at the men's beach volleyball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
See also.
Beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's team rosters

</doc>
<doc id="18706247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706247" title="Coleman Bridge (Windsor, Massachusetts)">
Coleman Bridge (Windsor, Massachusetts)

Coleman Bridge is a historic Ball-patent pipe pony truss bridge in Windsor, Massachusetts. It is the only known surviving "in situ" bridge of its type in Massachusetts. It is located on an abandoned stretch of Windsor Bush Road which crosses Phelps Brook in what is now a remote upland section of Windsor. The bridge was located near farms owned by the Coleman family, giving the bridge its name. The bridge type was invented by Charles H. Bell, an entrepreneur from nearby Peru who developed the idea of using pipes as structural elements of bridges over smaller bodies of water. Only three instances are known to exist, two of which were (as of 2000) disassembled and in storage.
The bridge was built in 1894 on the site where there had previously been a wooden bridge, and spans . The top cords of the pony truss are pipes in diameter, with doubled iron rods functioning as the truss's bottom chord. The bridge originally had wooden stringers, which were at some point replaced by iron ones. The wooden floor of the bridge is also a replacement. The bridge is accessible on foot. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18706254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706254" title="Cranesville Historic District">
Cranesville Historic District

The Cranesville Historic District is a historic district in Dalton, Massachusetts, centered on the business and residential proprerties associated with the papermaker Crane and Company. Papermaking began as an industry in Dalton in the early 19th century, and was dominated by Zenas Crane's operations by the early 1820s. Crane and Company controlled numerous papermaking operations throughout the Berkshires, but it was headquartered in Dalton, where the Crane family lived. The Cranesville area, running along Main Street in Dalton, is dominated by the large homes built by various members of the Crane family over the years, as well has more pedestrian mill worker housing. The historic industrial facilities of Crane are also included in the district, although they are generally screened from view from Main Street. The most notable of these facilities is the National Historic Landmark Crane and Company Old Stone Mill Rag Room, the oldest surviving building on the Crane premises. Of the Crane family homes, those of Zenas Crane and Winthrop Murray Crane (Zenas' grandson and a major political figure in Massachusetts during the turn of the 20th century) have the most prominent positions on Main Street, near the industrial complex.
The district features Early Republic and Mid 19th Century Revival architecture; It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18706264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706264" title="Crowley House (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
Crowley House (North Adams, Massachusetts)

The Crowley House is a historic house located at 365 West Main Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. It is one a small number of houses in North Adams built in a transitional Federalist-Greek Revival style. Little is known of its early history; it first enters the documentary record in the 1860s when its owner defaulted on debts and lost the property. It was occupied from the 1880s into the early 20th century by David Crowley, a clothes finisher working in the local textile mills. It is unknown if Crowley owned the property. The house follows a fairly typical Greek Revival plan, with a central hall and wings on either side of the main block. The front facade has Greek Revival details, including Doric pilasters and Greek fret molding, but the workmanship of some of the details shows that it was probably done by someone with more practice in the Federalist style.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706274" title="Mary Glen-Haig">
Mary Glen-Haig

Dame Mary Alison Glen-Haig DBE (born 12 July 1918) is a British fencer who competed in four Olympic games in 1948, 1952, 1956 and 1960. She was born in London, the daughter of William James, a fencer at the 1908 London Olympics. She began competing professionally in 1937 and continued until 1960, during which time she won two gold medals at the Commonwealth Games and competed in four Olympics in the women's individual foil events. She was the first female member of the International Olympic Committee and was knighted in 1993. After London's successful bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics in 2005, she was active as the host nation's ambassador to the games.
Early life.
Glen-Haig was born as Mary Alison James on 12 July 1918 in London. Her father, William James, was a competitor in fencing at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Her brother and sister took up tennis, like their mother. Her interest in fencing arose from time spent with her father, and she often trained and practised with him.
She began participating in regional and world championships in 1937 and continued to be active in these tournaments until 1959. She first qualified for the Olympic Games in 1948, the second time that they were held in her hometown of London. The evening before she was to participate in these games, she was still working at King's College Hospital, as there was no true Olympic Village at these games.
Olympic career.
The night before she was due to compete, Glen-Haig slept on a camp bed in a room with two other women. In the Women's Foil, Individual competition, she reached the finals, but did not medal, placing 8th. She competed in the same event in at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics, as well as in the Women's Foil, Team in 1960, but never again reached the finals. She claims to have never worried whether or not she actually won a medal. During this time, Glen-Haig also participated in the British Empire Games (later the Commonwealth Games) from 1950–1958. She won gold medals in the fencing competition in both 1950 and 1954.
Later life.
Glen-Haig eventually moved to West Kensington, London, where she worked at a hospital as district administrator from 1974 until 1982, the year that she was made the first female member of the International Olympic Committee. She was also Chairman of the Central Council of Physical Recreation during the 1970s. She continued to fence until her mid-to-late 70s. As an IOC representative she supervised the first edition of the Women's Islamic Games in February 1993 and ensured the smooth running of the competitions. 407 athletes in eight different sports took part in the first edition of the Games from such countries as Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Malaysia, Syria and Iran. As of 2008, she is an honorary member of the IOC. 
Glen-Haig was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 1971 Queen's Birthday Honours, promoted to Commander (CBE) in the 1977 New Year Honours, and Dame Commander (DBE) in the 1993 New Year Honours. At the conclusion of the 2004 Summer Olympics, Glen-Haig recited the English version of an ode in praise of Athens. She served as the ambassador from Britain to the 2012 Summer Olympics, which was held in London.

</doc>
<doc id="18706276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706276" title="Dwight-Henderson House">
Dwight-Henderson House

The Dwight-Henderson House is a historic house at 390 Main Street in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. It is the second oldest house in Great Barrington, built in 1759 for Joseph Dwight, a brigadier in the colonial militia, by local builder Daniel Allen. The saltbox home was originally built into a slope, and had three stories on the front and one in the rear. The house as been moved twice, but remains within of its original site. The second move, the foundation that formed the wall for the original first floor, so it now presents only two stories in front.
The house is notable for several historical associations. In addition to General Dwight, who was also town moderator and selectman, and a county judge, the houses notable guests include British General John Burgoyne, who surrendered his army after the Battles of Saratoga in 1777, and spent several days here while en route to the Boston area as a prisoner. It is also the house were poet and newspaper editor William Cullen Bryant was married; he was a guest of the owner, Allen Henderson.
Since then, the house has seen a variety of uses. It served for a time as housing for the nearby Berkshire Motor Inn, and now houses professional offices. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976, and included as a contributing property to the Taconic and West Avenues Historic District in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18706283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706283" title="Babyak dialect">
Babyak dialect

The Babyak dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Rup or Southeastern Bulgarian dialects. It is spoken in several mountainous villages on the western fringes of the Rhodopes and is thus sandwiched between the Chepino dialect on the east and northeast and the Razlog dialect to the south and west. It shares a number of phonological characteristics with both the Rup (especially the Rhodopean) and the Southwestern dialects. Because of its specific reflexes of Old Church Slavonic yat, it is generally classified as a Rup dialect but is actually transitional between the two dialectal groups.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Rup or Rhodopean dialects, cf. Rup dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#babjashki]

</doc>
<doc id="18706285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706285" title="Philip Eames House">
Philip Eames House

Philip Eames House is a historic house at 88 Stone House Road in Washington, Massachusetts, near the junction with Summit Hill Road. Described as Washington's "most imposing 19th century residence", it is located in a rural area. It was built in 1843 in a style featuring both Federalist and Greek Revival details. The house is 2.5 stories and five bays wide, with brick chimneys at each of the gable ends. Local lore says that some of the building materials came from the construction of the railroad, which was built through the area in 1838. Philip Eames, for whom the house was built, was the local operator of a number of saw mills.
The house was listed on the National Historic Register in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18706286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706286" title="The Ghost Overground">
The Ghost Overground

The Ghost Overground is an EP that was released by Jack's Mannequin on August 5, 2008 by Sire Records as an iTunes Store exclusive. It contains two songs from the album "The Glass Passenger" (September 30, 2008) and two live tracks from their debut album "Everything in Transit". "The ghost overground" is a lyric from "Crashin'", a song on the new album. After the release of the EP, the track "The Resolution" peaked at #1 on Billboard's "Hot Singles Sales" chart, #104 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #27 on Billboard Modern Rock Tracks as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18706290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706290" title="Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway">
Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway

The Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway is a National Scenic Byway in the Capital District region of New York in the United States. It extends from Schenectady to Waterford by way of a series of local, county, and state highways along the Mohawk River and the Erie Canal. The byway is intended to showcase the history of the waterway, from Native American times through the creation of the Erie Canal and the role the waterside communities played in the Industrial Revolution and the westward expansion of the United States. At its east end, the byway connects to the Lakes to Locks Passage, an All-American Road.
Route description.
The Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway extends for from downtown Schenectady to the village of Waterford by way of a series of highways running alongside the Mohawk River. It begins at the intersection of Erie Boulevard and State Street (New York State Route 5 or NY 5) in Schenectady and follows Erie Boulevard and Maxon Road out of the city. Now in the town of Niskayuna, the byway runs alongside the Mohawk River as it follows County Route 10 (CR 10) northeast to a junction with NY 146 in the hamlet of Aqueduct. CR 10 ends here; however, the Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway turns north to cross the Mohawk River and enter Saratoga County by way of NY 146.
On the opposite riverbank, the byway leaves the state route at a junction with CR 88 and CR 91 in the town of Clifton Park. It follows the latter road to the southeast, taking on the name Riverview Road as it runs adjacent to the Mohawk River. This section of the Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway was once part of NY 146B, a now-defunct spur route of NY 146. CR 91 leaves Riverview Road at Grooms Road; however, the byway continues southeastward along the now town-maintained road. Riverview Road continues to parallel the Mohawk River into the town of Halfmoon, where Riverview Road ends at an intersection with Clam Steam Road just east of Interstate 87. The byway briefly heads south from here on Clam Steam Road before turning back to the northeast on Canal Road.
Canal Road ultimately brings the scenic byway to the hamlet of Crescent, where it intersects U.S. Route 9 (US 9). At this point, the byway splits into two branches, with each branch following a specific side of the Mohawk River. The main byway follows the south branch, which heads south from Crescent along US 9 and immediately crosses the Mohawk River on the Crescent Bridge to reach Albany County. On the south side of the riverbank in the town of Colonie, the byway splits from US 9 and proceeds southeast along Cohoes Crescent Road, a local road running alongside the waterway. It soon crosses into the city of Cohoes, becoming North Mohawk Street in the process. The byway continues along North Mohawk and New Cortland streets to Saratoga Street (NY 32), where it turns north to follow NY 32 back into Saratoga County and the village of Waterford.
The north branch of the byway heads east from Crescent, loosely following the riverbank as it proceeds along CR 99 to the hamlet of Halfmoon. CR 99 ends here, giving way to CR 94; however, CR 94 terminates just a quarter-mile (0.4 km) to the east at an intersection with CR 96. This road brings the byway into the town of Waterford, but it is CR 97 that carries the byway into the village of Waterford. The latter portion serves Lock Six State Canal Park and runs in close proximity to the Erie Canal, here separate from the Mohawk River. Within the village, the byway follows Washington Avenue and Sixth Street to reach NY 32 and the byway's south branch at Broad Street. The unified byway follows NY 32 east from Sixth Street to its junction with US 4 at Third Street. The intersection is the east end of the Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway and the south end of the Lakes to Locks Passage, an All-American Road connecting Waterford to Rouses Point by way of the Hudson River and Lake Champlain corridors.
History.
The Mohawk Towpath Scenic Byway was created as the result of a grassroots effort to showcase to the Capital District's portion of the Mohawk River corridor. The byway was designated a New York State Scenic Byway in July 2003, and named a National Scenic Byway in September 2005. The word "Mohawk" in the byway's name is derived from the Mohawk River, and by extension the Mohawk people who originally inhabited the area. The word "Towpath" comes from a period of the Erie Canal's history when canal vessels moved principally by draft animals—mostly mules—that pulled craft from the path atop the side berm of the canal.

</doc>
<doc id="18706291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706291" title="British Columbia College of Teachers">
British Columbia College of Teachers

The British Columbia College of Teachers was formerly the professional self-regulatory body for teachers in British Columbia. It was responsible for setting and enforcing standards for teachers in the province. It assesses applicants to the profession and issues teaching certificates. 
In 2011, in a report commissioned by the government of British Columbia, the BCCT was deemed "dysfunctional" and, consequently, the organization was abolished and replaced by the "Teacher Regulation Branch" of the B.C. government Ministry of Education on January 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18706292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706292" title="Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District">
Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District

The Elm-Maple-South Streets Historic District is a historic district encompassing part of the historic downtown of Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The most prominent parts of Stockbridge lie within the Main Street Historic District, which abuts this district to the north. The southern boundary of this district is the railroad tracks that run parallel to the Housatonic River. The eastern boundary of the district is Laurel Hill, a wooded park overlooking the town, and the western boundary is a terraced shelf in the plains of the river. The district includes properties on Depot, Elm, Maple, and South Streets, and Laurel Lane. Unlike Main Street, this district consists of more densely place residences, and narrower roads containing businesses just off Main Street. Its buildings were mostly constructed during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, and partially reflect Elm Street's function as an industrial part of the town.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18706296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706296" title="Force.com">
Force.com

Force.com is a cloud computing platform as a service system from Salesforce.com, that developers use to build multitenant applications hosted on their servers as a service.
According to a September, 2009 Gartner Group report, Force.com had over 1,000 customer accounts, in addition to tens of thousands that used Force.com in conjunction with Salesforce.com. Force.com uses eight data centers, with each customer fully contained in a single data center that is replicated for availability.
Several criticisms of force.com's integrated development environment and developer friendliness have been made, including lack of support for multiple developers, speed problems with developing on the cloud, and a failure to properly separate Salesforce.com from Force.com. The platform has been described as having potential but currently only appropriate for Salesforce.com customers who want to extend Salesforce, not for independent developers who want to use Force.com as a standalone platform.

</doc>
<doc id="18706299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706299" title="Chart of ancient Near East rulers">
Chart of ancient Near East rulers


</doc>
<doc id="18706310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706310" title="Farnams Village Historic District">
Farnams Village Historic District

Farnams Village Historic District is a historic district in Cheshire, Massachusetts. It encompasses the historic limestone mining community known as Farnams Village, covering a total of . The center of the district is the historic village center, at the junction of Lanesborough, Farnams, and Quarry Roads, and it includes numerous abandoned quarries that dot the landscape on the slopes of nearby Mount Greylock. In addition to the quarries and abandoned quarry equipment, the district includes former mining structures, worker housing, and public facilities of the village. There are significant areas of primarily industrial archeological interest, due to the large number of abandoned and destroyed buildings. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18706313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706313" title="Five Corners Historic District">
Five Corners Historic District

The Five Corners Historic District is a historic district encompassing the central district of the village of South Williamstown, Massachusetts. It is centered at the junction of Cold Spring, Green River, New Ashford. The junction has been a prominent center in the area since 1760. Prominent buildings in the district include the South Center School, the Store at Five Corners, and the Second Congregational Church.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18706324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706324" title="Freeman's Grove Historic District">
Freeman's Grove Historic District

The Freeman's Grove Historic District is a residential historic district in North Adams, Massachusetts. It encompasses a neighborhood north of the city center that is a well-preserved instance of a working class area developed during the its industrial heyday in the late 19th century. It includes all the houses on Bracewell Street, Chase Avenue, and Hall Street, and some houses on Chase Hill and other streets adjacent to those. It is roughly bounded by Liberty Street, Eagle Street, Bracewell Avenues and Houghton Street.
The housing stock in the district includes single- and multiple-family homes, built in a variety of architectural styles. There are only a small number of houses that were built before the boom of the late 19th century, most of which are in a Greek Revival style. Most of the housing in the district was built between 1887 and 1894. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18706349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706349" title="Glendale Power House">
Glendale Power House

The Glendale Power House is a historic power station on the Housatonic River, just off MA 183 in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The 1905 power house was the one of the first places in the United States where electricity was generated for the purpose of providing power to an industrial facility. It was built by Monument Mills of Housatonic, Massachusetts at the site of a dam that dated to the 1840s for a papermaking operation. The stone building uses stone originally quarried for the Glendale Woolen Mill. The power station was taken out of service in 1946, and most of the equipment removed. The property has been redeveloped to provide hydro power.
The station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18706358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706358" title="Golden Hill Bridge">
Golden Hill Bridge

Golden Hill Bridge is a historic bridge on Golden Hill Road over the Housatonic River in Lee, Massachusetts. The pony truss bridge was built c. 1885 for a cost of about $1,100. Most of this cost was paid to the Berlin Iron Bridge Co. for the truss. The bridge is one of only 
five Berlin Co. bridges in the Berkshires, and is the only known surviving bridge to implement modifications to the pony truss design patented by William O. Douglas in 1885. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It is closed to traffic for safety reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="18706369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706369" title="Goodwood (Richmond, Massachusetts)">
Goodwood (Richmond, Massachusetts)

Goodwood is a historic house on Summit Road, near its intersection with Dublin Road, in Richmond, Massachusetts. Built c. 1792, the house is one of the best examples of late-Georgian early-Federalist houses in Berkshire County, Massachusetts. The property's importance is further enhance by its association with a number of high-profile owners.
History.
The first significant owner of the Goodwood property in Richmond, Massachusetts was one Jeremiah Pierson, who acquired the property in 1792, and sold it, with a house and outbuildings on it, five years later. In 1820 it came into the hands of Reverened Edwin Welles Dwight, brother to Yale College president Timothy Dwight. Dwight was for eighteen years minister at the local Congregational Church, and was also notable in the foreign missionary movement, writing an account of a South Sea islander named Henry Obookiah, who was educated by Dwight's brother. Dwight's memoir of Obookiah's life sparked the first missionary expedition to the Sandwich Islands (now Hawaii).
In 1838 Dwight sold the property to geologist Stephen Reed. He gained international exposure for his descriptions of the Richmond Boulder Train, a series of glacial erratics in Richmond and neighboring New York State. His accounts and presentations sparked a long-running debate in the geological community on the subject of glaciation. Reed sold the property in 1850, and it went through a success of owners. The purchaser in 1896, Mrs. Henry March, gave the property the name "Goodwood", after Goodwood House, the seat of the Dukes of Richmond. Richmond was named for the third duke, who supported American independence in the late 18th century.
In 1933 Goodwood was purchased by Raymond Leslie Buell, an influential diplomat, and onetime editor of "Fortune" magazine. In 1982, the house was owned by a descendant of both Buell and Reverend Dwight. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Description.
Goodwood is a four-square two story wood frame house that incorporates both late Georgian and early Federalist features. The main feature of the front is the entry porch, featuring sidelights, Palladian windows, and a semi-circular gable window. The interior of the house is well preserved, consisting of a central hall plan with two interior chimneys. The original kitchen, the room to the back and right of the hall, retains its original cooking fireplace, but has been converted to a library, housing Dr. Buell's 2,000 volume collection. The two front drawing rooms are both elaborately decorated.

</doc>
<doc id="18706381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706381" title="Hall's Tavern (Cheshire, Massachusetts)">
Hall's Tavern (Cheshire, Massachusetts)

Hall's Tavern is a historic tavern at 31 North Street in Cheshire, Massachusetts.
The tavern was built in the Federalist style in 1804 for Calvin Hall. It was operated as a tavern, and was notable in part for housing British prisoners of war during the War of 1812. The building has since seen use as a private residence, and as a retail establishment. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18706390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706390" title="Hancock Town Hall">
Hancock Town Hall

Hancock Town Hall is a historic town hall on MA 43 in Hancock, Massachusetts. It was constructed in the Greek Revival style in 1854, using timbers from a previous meeting house that had been on the same site. The building served a number of municipal purposes, including library, school, town offices, and town meeting space. In preparation for the town's celebration of the nation's bicentennial, the hall was moved to a lot adjacent to the town cemetery and restored.
The hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18706404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706404" title="Samuel Harrison House">
Samuel Harrison House

Samuel Harrison House is a historic house at 82 Third Street in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
History.
The house was built in 1850 by the Rev. Samuel Harrison (1818-1900) of Pittsfield and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. Rev. Samuel Harrison was a 19th century African American born into slavery in 1818. By 1821, he and his mother were given their freedom. At an early age, he had the desire to become a minister. He sought out an education at the Peterboro Manual Labor school in Peterboro, New York. This school was closed shortly after his arrival. He then traveled to Hudson, Ohio where he attended and graduated from the Preparatory School at Western Reserve College (now Western Reserve Academy). In 1850, Samuel Harrison moved to Pittsfield, Massachusetts and became the first minister of the Second Congregational Church in Pittsfield.
In 1862, Rev. Harrison resigned from the church and worked for the National Freedman's Relief Society during the Civil War. In July 1863, the Massachusetts 54th Volunteer Regiment spearheaded the assault on Fort Wagner in Charleston, South Carolina. The regiment suffered heavy losses. Massachusetts Governor John A. Andrew sent Rev. Harrison to South Carolina to express the sympathies of the commonwealth to the men of the 54th. Later that year, Rev. Harrison received a commission as Chaplain and mustered into the 54th. The following year 1864, Rev. Harrison was honorably discharged for health reasons. He would work for the National Freedman's Relief Society until the war was over.
In the late 1860s, Rev. Harrison filled the pulpit in various places around New England. But in 1872, Rev. Harrison returned to his home in Pittsfield and returned as pastor of the Second Congregational Church. Rev. Harrison would serve in this capacity until his death in 1900. During this time, Rev. Harrison would have 2 sermons published, one in 1874 and the other in 1877. In 1899, he was commissioned to write his autobiography.
In 2004, the Samuel Harrison Society was formed to save Rev. Samuel Harrison's house from demolition after learning that it had historic value. Now with Rev. Harrison's house on the Registry of Historic Places, the Samuel Harrison Society is committed to restoring and preserving the home.

</doc>
<doc id="18706405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706405" title="Tuškanac">
Tuškanac

Tuškanac is a neighborhood located in Gornji Grad - Medveščak city district of Zagreb, Croatia. It has a population of 2,849. It is best known for its parks and the Tuškanac cinema.
Apparently, its name derives from the name of Tuscany. It is assumed that it refers to Tuscan immigrants to Zagreb, some of whom have been recorded in the 14th century.

</doc>
<doc id="18706406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706406" title="Henry H. Chute">
Henry H. Chute

Henry Harding Chute (ca 1813 – April 1892) was a general merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1894 as a Liberal member. Chute died in Halifax at the age of 69.
He was born in Bear River, Nova Scotia and was educated there. In 1848, he married Elizabeth Rice. Chute served as a member of the municipal council and was warden of Annapolis County.

</doc>
<doc id="18706411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706411" title="Hathaway Tenement">
Hathaway Tenement

The Hathaway Tenement is a historic tenement house located at 311—321 River Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. A row of six apartment units, it was built in about 1850, and is a rare surviving example of the early period of North Adams' industrial development. A similar nearby property has been extensively altered. The building dates to the first period of industrialization in North Adams: River Street was laid out in 1836, and over the next decade, ten mills were built along the banks of the Hoosac River. The building is named for Nathaniel Hathaway, one of the mill proprietors. The two story tenement is built in a Greek Revival style. Each unit has porches sheltering its front and rear entrances.
The tenement was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18706416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706416" title="Milwaukee Road Freight House">
Milwaukee Road Freight House

The Milwaukee Road Freight House in Rapid City, South Dakota, USA, was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1923 to store and ship freight. The building is single story, rectangular, and constructed of brick. Offices were placed at one end with warehouse space occupying the rest of the building. Large freight doors and bays are along each side. The circa 1915 depot is located east of the freight house.
The Milwaukee Road built its line from eastern South Dakota to Rapid City in 1906-07. With the increase of tourists in the late 1910s, the railroad built the freight house. It was built of brick. The design was a modern one, based on other early 20th century commercial buildings. When The Milwaukee Road went bankrupt and abandoned its lines in South Dakota in 1980, it sold the freight house to local businesses for use as offices. 
The freight house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places because of its association with The Milwaukee Road and railroad development in South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="18706419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706419" title="Hoosac Street School">
Hoosac Street School

Hoosac Street School is a historic school at 20 Hoosac Street in Adams, Massachusetts. It was built sometime in the late 1880s when Adams was experiencing burgeoning growth due the growth of its industrial capacity. Along with several other schools of the period that have survived, it was built in a Queen Anne/Stick style. The school was listed on the National Historic Register in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18706426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706426" title="2005 Miami Dolphins season">
2005 Miami Dolphins season

The 2005 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 40th overall, the 36th as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins managed to improve upon their previous season's output of 4–12, posting a winning record of 9–7. They finished the season on a six game win streak.

</doc>
<doc id="18706428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706428" title="Hyde House (Lee, Massachusetts)">
Hyde House (Lee, Massachusetts)

Hyde House is a historic house at 144 W. Park Street in Lee, Massachusetts. The house was built in 1792 as the home of Lee's first minister, Alvan Hyde. The three story colonial house features six working original fireplaces and original wide pine flooring. Rev. Hyde served as minister to Lee's First Congregational Church for 41 years; the house eventually passed to his son, Alexander, who opened a school at the residence. The "Hyde House Boarding School for Boys" drew students from as far off as Boston, New York City, and Chicago; among its notable students was James Roosevelt, father of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. At this time an academic wing was added to the back of the house, with a schoolroom on the lower floor and student bedrooms above. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="18706432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706432" title="Hyde School">
Hyde School

Hyde School is a historic Romanesque Revival school at 100 High Street in Lee, Massachusetts. The school was built in 1894 from locally quarried marble. It is named for Alexander Hyde, who established the town's first school in his house on West Park Street, and was built on the site of the town's first public school.
History.
The town of Lee, Massachusetts was incorporated in 1777, and quickly became known as a center of the papermaking industry. Marble quarried in the area achieved a reputation for strength and quality in the 19th century, seeing use in a number of high profile buildings, including the United States Capitol and the Massachusetts State House. The town's first secondary school was established by Alexander Hyde, son of its first minister, in his house on West Park Street. Townspeople not long thereafter banded together to form the private Lee Academy on a parcel of land above the town center. Lee Academy was gradually transferred to town ownership, and became its public grammar school. It was destroyed by fire in February 1894.
The town had the new Hyde School constructed on the original site of Lee Academy in 1895; it was dedicated to Alexander Hyde. It was designed by James Bryning and constructed of locally quarried marble, a response to several high-profile fires in the town, at a cost of $30,000. It served as the town's high school until 1916, when Rice High School was built. It then served as an elementary school until 2003, when it was taken out of academic service. The building was enlarged by an addition in 1936 that added a library and gymnasium, and again in 1977 when the Rice School was demolished.
The building is now know as Crossway Village, and includes a senior housing complex and senior center. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
Description.
The school sits on an irregular parcel of land on a rise above Main Street in Lee. The original 1895 building is sited at the end of Acaedmy Street, and the 20th century additions, located to its south and east, do not intrude on the view. The three story building was built in a cross-shaped bplan, with a seven bay core section and wings three bays wide. A four story tower rises above the center of the front facade. The exterior wall and trim work is all of local marble. The original slate roof was replaced in 1994 with asphalt shingles, at which time the building was also equipped with gutters and downspouts. At the time of its National Register nomination, the exterior marble had never required maintenance.
Inside the main building, each floor had six classrooms, and the layout remains fairly intact. The classrooms retained their blackboards, and much of the original woodwork. The original floors were covered by vinyl tiling. In the front entry, one of the two stairs was removed to comply with modern fire codes, but the other retains its original woodwork.
In 1936 a two story addition was added to the southeast corner of the building. This addition, built with a steel frame, housed classrooms on both levels, and a gymnasium/auditorium complex. This construction was faced with Lee marble and trimmed with Indiana limestone in a style sympathetic to that of the main building. A corridor connecting the two sections was added in 1976, when fire code necessitated the removal of some wooden stairs from the main building. A modern 1977 classroom addition further extended the 1936 addition.

</doc>
<doc id="18706434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706434" title="List of Missouri area codes">
List of Missouri area codes

This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Missouri.
314: St. Louis and many of its immediate suburbs
417: The southwestern corner of Missouri, including Springfield, Joplin and Branson
573: Eastern Missouri excluding the St. Louis area but including Jefferson City, Columbia, Rolla, Cape Girardeau and Hannibal
636: Greater St. Louis area, including St. Charles, Jefferson, and western St. Louis counties; forms a ring surrounding the immediate St. Louis area (314)
660: Northwestern Missouri excluding the Kansas City and St. Joseph metropolitan areas, but including Sedalia, Kirksville, Warrensburg and Maryville
816: The Kansas City and St. Joseph metropolitan areas
The two original area codes for Missouri in 1947 were 314 and 816. Area code 417 was split off in 1950, and the other area codes followed more than 40 years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18706441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706441" title="Johnson Manufacturing Company">
Johnson Manufacturing Company

The Johnson Manufacturing Company is a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams, Massachusetts. The site was used for the production of textiles from its initial construction in 1872 until 1937, when it was sold to the Sprague Electric Company. The Johnson Company was founded in 1850 by Sylvander Johnson, Nathaniel Hathaway, and Peter Blackinton. They purchased an existing mill building, producing textiles until 1871, when, after achieving record profits, they decided to expand the business. They retained architect Marcus F. Cummings, who designed the Italianate style buildings, built in 1872, that now stand on the site. In addition to the main mill building, the complex includes an office building built in 1880. The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706449" title="Johnson School (North Adams, Massachusetts)">
Johnson School (North Adams, Massachusetts)

The Johnson School is a historic school located on School Street between Williams and Cady Streets in the Amity Square neighborhood of North Adams, Massachusetts. It was built in 1898 and was designed by Edwin Thayer Barlow in the Romanesque Revival style. The school was one of the last neighborhood school in North Adams to be closed, and is now used for Head Start and other social programs.
The Johnson School building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706456" title="Jones Block">
Jones Block

Jones Block is a historic block at 49—53 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts. It is one of the four brick buildings on Park Street, along with the P. J. Barrett Block, Armory Block, and the Mausert Block, opposite the Town Hall. The block was built sometime in the last 20 years of the 19th century, during Adams' period of rapid growth due to industrialization. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18706458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706458" title="Claude Sitton">
Claude Sitton

Claude Fox Sitton (born December 4, 1925) is a retired American newspaper reporter and winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary. He covered the civil rights movement for "The New York Times" during the 1950s and 1960s, eventually becoming the paper's national editor. He served as editorial director of "Raleigh News and Observer" and "Raleigh Times" in 1968, and as editor of "News and Observer" and vice-president of "News and Observer" publishing company from 1970 until retirement in 1990.
Sitton graduated from Emory University in 1949, where he was editor in chief of the student newspaper "The Emory Wheel". He returned to Emory to teach from 1991 to 1994, and was a member of Board of Counselors of Emory's Oxford College (1993–2001).
In the Pulitzer Prize-winning history of civil rights journalism "The Race Beat", authors Gene Roberts and Hank Klibanoff describe Sitton as the standard bearer for civil rights journalism in the 1950s. "Sitton's byline would be atop the stories that landed on the desks of three presidents," they write (page 191). "His phone number would be carried protectively in the wallets of the civil rights workers who saw him, and the power of his byline, as their best hope for survival."
In addition to the Pulitzer for commentary, which he won in 1983, Sitton has received the George Polk Career Award (1991) and John Chancellor Award for excellence in journalism (2000). He lives in Oxford, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18706460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706460" title="Joseph Nwafor">
Joseph Nwafor

Joseph Obinna Nwafor (born May 5, 1983 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian professional football center forward who is currently a free agent. He most recently for Unión Comercio in the Peruvian Primera División as a Striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18706464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706464" title="Kenmore (Richmond, Massachusetts)">
Kenmore (Richmond, Massachusetts)

Kenmore is a historic house (built in 1792) at 1385 State Road (the junction of MA 295 and MA 41) in Richmond, Massachusetts. It was built by Henry Sherrill, one of Richmond's early settlers, and is a fine example of transitional Georgian-Federalist architecture. The house has retained much of its historic integrity despite significant renovation and modernization in the 20th century.
History.
Kenmore, a two story five bay wood frame house, was built c. 1792 for Henry Sherrill, an American Revolutionary War soldier who was first exposed to the area as a refugee from Long Island, which was under British occupation during the war. Sherrill became a merchant, operating a store in town. Sherrill's success in business is shown by the size of the house and the quality of its workmanship, which are locally rivalled only by Goodwood, built by Sherrill's builder Jerimiah Peirson around the same time. Sherrill's daughter married eventual Goodwood owner, the Rev. Edwin Welles Dwight.
Owners or occupants of the house during the 19th century include Selden Jennings, the local physician, and Jared Reid, Jr., principal of a Stockbridge school; Reid was married to Henry Sherrill's granddaughter. The Reids operated a successful boarding school on the property, and were responsible for naming the property "Kenmore". The Reids expanded their offerings in the 1880s to include summer art school at the urging of their son Robert. Sessions were coordinated by Frederic Crowninshield, and students included Daniel Chester French, Newton Mackintosh, and their son Robert, who later gained notice as a painter.
In 1931 the property was acquired by Richard Harrison, a successful New York businessman, as a summer house. He had the house plumbing and electrical systems upgraded, and had a guest house and chicken coop built on the property. He also hired New York landscape designer Noel Chamberlain to oversee the landscaping of the property. Harrison's modifications to the house are notable for their sensitivity in preserving the integrity of the early Federal and Georgian details in the house, resulting in a blending of original details and later Colonial Revival designs.
The property was sold by the Harrison estate in 1938 to Reverend E. Pomeroy Cutler. Cutler operated the property as a boarding house, at which time it came to be used by a number of high profile musical tenants associated with nearby Tanglewood, which began operations in 1937. This use continues to this day under its current owners. Notable residents and visitors to the house have included Leonard Bernstein, Aaron Copland, Lukas Foss, Gunther Schuller, and Olga Naumova Koussevitsky, widow of conductor Serge Koussevitsky.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18706468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706468" title="Lenox Academy">
Lenox Academy

Lenox Academy is a historic school at 65 Main Street in Lenox, Massachusetts. The Federal style building was constructed in 1803, and served as a private academy until 1866. It served as the town's public high school from 1869 to 1879, at which time it was closed for repairs and renovations. In 1888 it again began to serve as the high school, a role it fulfilled until 1908. A private school, the Trinity School, used the property from 1911 until the 1920s, when that school failed.
The building then sat vacant and deteriorated, until the defunct academy, under threat of demolition, was turned over to the town for preservation. It now serves as an office building for local civic groups. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18706472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706472" title="Strings of Consciousness">
Strings of Consciousness

Strings of Consciousness is an eleven-piece band hailing from cities such as London, Chicago and Paris. Their debut album, "Our Moon is Full" (2008), was released on Barry Adamson's Central Control label and features guest vocalists such as Barry Adamson, J.G. Thirlwell and Black Sifichi.
Guest Vocalists.
While Strings of Consciousness is an instrumental band, they various guest vocalists are used on their debut album "Our Moon is Full":

</doc>
<doc id="18706473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706473" title="Old Lenox High School building">
Old Lenox High School building

The Old Lenox High School building is a historic school building at 109 Housatonic Street in Lenox, Massachusetts. The building was constructed in 1908, and served as the town's public high school until 1966, when a new high school was built. It underwent major renovations and additions in the 1940s and 1960s. The building was then used as school facilities for grades 4 through 6 until the 1970s, when (known as the Cameron School) it began to serve grades 2 through 5. The school was closed in 1998.
After three years of vacancy, the building was repurposed for use as an assisted living facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18706479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706479" title="Joost Smiers">
Joost Smiers

Joost Smiers (born 1943, Amsterdam) is a Dutch political scientist, best known as an opponent of copyright.
Smiers received his Ph.D.in Political Science in 1977 from the University of Amsterdam. He is currently Professor Emeritus of Political Science of the Arts and a Research Fellow in the Research Group Arts & Economics at the Utrecht School of the Arts, where he served as Professor from 1985 until his retirement in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18706484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706484" title="Lenox Railroad Station">
Lenox Railroad Station

Lenox Railroad Station is a historic station on Housatonic Street and Willow Creek Road in Lenox, Massachusetts.
The station was built in 1902 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, replacing the one that had been built around 1850 by the Stockbridge & Pittsfield Railroad and which had burned to the ground the previous year. The station and line were acquired by the Housatonic Railroad, which became the Berkshire Division of the New Haven Railroad in 1892. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, and serves as the home of the Berkshire Scenic Railway Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="18706489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706489" title="List of Nebraska area codes">
List of Nebraska area codes

This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Nebraska.
308: Western Nebraska, including Grand Island and Kearney
402/531: Eastern Nebraska, including Omaha and Lincoln, overlaid in 2011
Under the original North American Numbering Plan of 1947, area code 402 covered all of Nebraska. Area code 308 was split off in 1954, and Nebraska retained the same area code configuration for 57 years until the 402/531 overlay, making it one of the longest-lasting in the numbering plan.

</doc>
<doc id="18706493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706493" title="Lower Historic District">
Lower Historic District

Lower Historic District is a historic district on Washington Mountain Road in Washington, Massachusetts. The district encompasses four homesteads built between 1765 and 1803, including the William Milliken House, Washington's oldest surviving house. The houses are clustered along a stretch of Washington Mountain Road near the town line with Becket. The district is representative of a Federalist-era subsistence village, whose growth was eclipsed by the development of the railroad and less difficult roadways in other parts of the town. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18706498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706498" title="Main Street Historic District (Stockbridge, Massachusetts)">
Main Street Historic District (Stockbridge, Massachusetts)

The Main Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing the scenic and historic portions of Main Street in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The downtown portion of Main Street is widely recognizable due to its use by Norman Rockwell in his 1967 painting, "Main Street, Stockbridge at Christmas". The central portion of Main Street is a broad street with wide green lawns, anchored by a traditional New England town center containing a church and municipal buildings. Along this part of Main Street is the Mission House, a National Historic Landmark that is one of oldest buildings in Stockbridge, dating to the early 1740s. Further to the west the road is more rural, and the district's western boundary is at the crossing of Main Street over the Housatonic River. The eastern part of the district includes the retail heart of the town, including the Red Lion Inn and several blocks of shops. The far eastern part of the district is Laurel Hill, a wooded park with views of the town center. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18706504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706504" title="Great Allentown Fair">
Great Allentown Fair

The Great Allentown Fair is an annual fair and agricultural show that is held at the Allentown Fairgrounds in Allentown, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is operated by the Lehigh County Agricultural Society. It is one of the oldest fairs in the United States, and one of the largest in the state of Pennsylvania.
The fair was first held in 1852 to showcase agricultural advancements and to entertain patrons. It has since evolved to appeal to a broader audience, adding more entertainment and dining options. Although it stays true to its agricultural roots by offering petting zoos, livestock judging contests, and a farmer's market, the modern-day fair focuses more on entertainment; it boasts a carnival, talent shows, and concerts.
History.
Early history of the Allentown Fair.
The Lehigh County Agricultural Society held the first fair from October 6 to October 8, 1852, on Livingston's Lawn, a plot located east of Fourth Street, between Walnut and Union Streets, in Allentown. The initial fair was so successful that in 1853 the Society undertook the purchase of a larger plot of land, north of Liberty Street and between Fifth and Sixth Streets, on which ticket offices and a two-story exhibition hall were built. This location was the site of the second fair, held September 28, 29 and 30 of the same year. One of the most popular attractions of these early fairs was Stephen Lentz's Flying Coach, a brass band that performed atop a hay wagon.
In 1862, there was no fair due to the Civil War. During this time, the fairgrounds were used as a staging site for the 176th Regiment of Pennsylvania Volunteers. The fair resumed in 1863. In 1876, in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence, a large reenactment of the Battle of Bunker Hill was held, which included many of Lehigh County's Civil War regiments and veterans as participants. The "centennial" fair was a tremendous success.
New fairgrounds and new name.
Throughout the 1870s and 1880s, the popularity of the Allentown Fair continued to grow. However, increased attendance led to dissatisfaction regarding the fairground's size, facilities, short race track and small grandstand. In 1889, the Lehigh County Agricultural Society purchased a plot of land on Seventeenth Street, between Chew and Liberty Streets, to serve as the new fairgrounds. One of the primary features of the new location was a new half-mile race track, with grandstands capable of seating 2,500. In celebration of the opening of the new fairgrounds, the fair was renamed the "Great Allentown Fair."
The Great Allentown Fair in the 20th Century.
From its earliest days, horse racing was a popular event at the Allentown Fair. In 1902, the fair's half-mile track was regarded as "one of the finest in the country." In 1905, racehorse Dan Patch set a record of 2:01 on the half-mile track.
In 1908, a new grandstand was built at the Allentown Fairgrounds that increased seating capacity from 2,500 to 10,000. As of 2009, this structure remains in use as the Fairgrounds' grandstand.
Between the years 1907 and 1914, airship races became a featured attraction at the fair. In 1909, two airships - one bearing the American flag, the other that of Germany, took off from the fairgrounds, raced down Hamilton Street, circled the Soldiers & Sailors Monument, and returned. The airship bearing the American flag won the race. The following year, pilot Glenn Curtiss took off in his plane, using 19th Street as his runway, and flew over the Allentown Fair, in what was the first known heavier-than-air flight in the Lehigh Valley.
The first auto race was held at the fair in 1915. Sprint car races were sanctioned by the American Automobile Association (until 1955), the United States Automobile Club (1956–1966) and the International Motor Contest Association (1967 and 1968). Sprint car legends Tommy Hinnershitz and Ira Vail both captured numerous wins on the half-mile dirt track, and Indianapolis 500 winners Mario Andretti, A.J. Foyt and Parnelli Jones all raced at the Allentown Fair before going on to greater fame. In 1960, Johnny Thomson was killed during a race at the fair when his car crashed through the inside track fence. Although the last sanctioned auto race was held in 1968, demolition derbies continued to be popular event.
There was no fair held in 1917 and 1918 due to World War I. During this period, the fairground was transformed into Camp Crane, a training facility for the U.S. Army Ambulance Corps Service (USAACS). During this time, more than 20,000 soldiers lived in tents and barracks on the fairgrounds. The caretaker's house, which stood at 1701 Chew Street until demolished in 1960 to make room for a bank, was used as the officer's club.
In 1951, Gen. Douglas MacArthur, his wife, and his son Arthur attended "Father and Son" day at the Allentown Fair, a visit described by local historian Frank Whelan as "probably among the most significant moments in the fair's history."
Beginning in the 1960s, musical concerts and performances held during Fair week starting drawing major acts and large crowds. Roy Rogers and Lawrence Welk appeared during the 1960s, as did Johnny Carson and a touring version of Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In. Andy Williams introduced the Osmond Brothers in 1964. In 1964, Kate Smith made her first "community fair" performance at the Allentown Fair. Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass headlined in 1966, and the back cover of their album "S.R.O." even featured a photograph taken during their performance. On August 8, 1974, Liza Minnelli delayed her concert while Richard Nixon's resignation speech was broadcast live over the public address system. Her performance later that night broke box office records at the Allentown Fair. Sell-out performances have included the Doobie Brothers (1980), Pat Benatar (1981), Rod Stewart (1984) and Bryan Adams (1985). In 1998, the Backstreet Boys set the record for the fastest sell-out of tickets.
Attractions.
The Great Allentown Fair offers many attractions:
Grandstand performers.
1956: Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadians
1957: Lou Walter's Latin Quarter Revue
1958: Variety show featuring Red Buttons, Ted Mack and Jonathan Winters
1959: Roy Rogers
1960: Grand Ole Opry Jamboree
1963: Tennessee Ernie Ford, Jimmy Durante and Red Skelton
1964: Andy Williams, The Osmond Brothers and Kate Smith
1965: Liberace
1966: Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass, Perry Como
1967: The Supremes, Johnny Carson
1968: Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In
1968: Johnny Cash
1970: Johnny Cash
1971: Johnny Cash
1971: Johnny Cash
1972: Neil SedakaThe Carpenters
1974: Olivia Newton-John and Liza Minnelli
1975: Johnny Cash
1977: Kansas
1978: Chicago
1979: Steve Martin
1980: Bill Cosby, The Doobie Brothers
1981: Pat Benatar
1982: Scorpions
1984: WWE, Rod Stewart, Berlin, Thompson Twins, Alabama and Willie Nelson
1985: Alabama, Crosby, Stills and Nash, Foreigner, Kenny Rogers, The Oak Ridge Boys and The Pointer Sisters
1986: The Beach Boys, Dokken, Loverboy, Kenny Loggins, Wayne Newton, Kenny Rogers and Hank Williams, Jr.
1987: Alabama, Bryan Adams, The Beach Boys, Chicago, Loretta Lynn with Conway Twitty, Restless Heart and Run D.M.C.
1988: Alabama, The Judds, Lynyrd Skynyrd, K.T. Oslin and Robert Palmer
1989: Alabama, Crosby, Stills and Nash, Metallica, The Cult, Loretta Lynn with Conway Twitty, Wayne Newton, Sandi Patti and Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
1990: Alabama, Michael Bolton, Bobby Brown (scheduled to perform, then canceled), Chicago, Kenny G and Barbara Mandrell 
1991: Sheena Easton, Joe Piscopo, George Thorogood and the Destroyers
1993: Metallica, Metal Church
1994: Metallica, Suicidal Tendencies, Danzig, Barry Manilow, The Beach Boys, Alan Jackson, World Wrestling Entertainment wrestling (then known as WWF), Reba McEntire, Vince Gill
1995: Alan Jackson, Reba McEntire, Jeff Beck, Santana, Boyz II Men
1998: The Backstreet Boys
1999: Thursday, Britney Spears, 98 Degrees, Tim McGraw
2000: Martina McBride (Replaced LeAnn Rimes), Destiny's Child, Goo Goo Dolls
2001: Blink 182, New Found Glory
2002: Jimmy Eat World, The Juliana Theory, Meatloaf, Coheed And Cambria (scheduled to play; however, due to band issues My Chemical Romance played in their place)
2003: Alan Jackson, Crosby, Stills, and Nash, Brooks & Dunn
2004: Mötley Crüe
2005: Nickelback, Breaking Benjamin
2006: The Black Eyed Peas, My Chemical Romance(scheduled to play but cancelled) Taking Back Sunday, Circa Survive, Hot Like A Robot 
2007: Hootie and the Blowfish, Counting Crows, Carrie Underwood, Hilary Duff, American Idols LIVE! Tour 2007, Brad Paisley, Taylor Swift, Hinder, Papa Roach
2008: Brooks & Dunn, Daughtry, Jonas Brothers, Toby Keith, Metro Station, Secondhand Serenade, Simple Plan, The Doodlebops and ZZ Top
2009: Earth, Wind & Fire, Chicago, Jeff Dunham, Brad Paisley, Dierks Bentley, Jimmy Wayne, Kelly Clarkson, and Tim McGraw
2010: Keith Urban, Jeff Dunham, Rush, Justin Bieber, Weezer, The Gaslight Anthem, Lady Antebellum
2011: Bruno Mars, Marc Anthony, Big Time Rush, Sugarland, Journey, Night Ranger, Foreigner, Hot Chelle Rae, 3 Doors Down, Carnival of Madness Tour 2011
2012: Victoria Justice, The Band Perry, Blake Shelton, J. Geils Band
2013: Jeff Dunham, John Mayer, Austin Mahone/Bridgit Mendler, Toby Keith, Luke Bryan
2014: Mötley Crüe, Alice Cooper, Tim McGraw, Jana Kramer, Lady Antebellum, Joe Nichols

</doc>
<doc id="18706506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706506" title="Maplewood Hotel">
Maplewood Hotel

The Maplewood Hotel is a historic residential hotel at 328-330 Maple Street in Holyoke, Massachusetts. It consists of two buildings that have become conjoined by internal connections. The 2.5 story brick block at 330 Maple Street was built first, between 1884 and 1889, while the four story building at 328 Maple Street was built c. 1890. The latter was opened as the Maplewood Hotel, providing furnished and unfurnished residences to middle and upper class residents of the city. In 1924 the two buildings were joined by connections through their adjacent walls. It continues to be used for residences.
The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18706509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706509" title="Gylfason">
Gylfason

Gylfason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Gylfi". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706510" title="Mausert Block">
Mausert Block

Mausert Block is a historic block at 19—27 Park Street in Adams, Massachusetts designed in the Romanesque architectural style. It is one of the four brick buildings on Park Street along with the P. J. Barrett Block, Jones Block, and Armory Block.
The Mausert Block was built in 1900 and 1901 by George and Conrad Mausert, brothers and local businessmen. Walter J Donovan established his law offices on the second floor from 1920 until 1970. F.W. Woolworth moved into 19-21 Park Street in 1930s. It once contained the Adams Masonic Hall. In 1982 the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places. In 2009 the building was formally condemned, although its tenants were not evicted. It was purchased by Braytonville Properties in 2011, and rehabilition begun.

</doc>
<doc id="18706519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706519" title="Merrell Tavern">
Merrell Tavern

Merrell Tavern is a historic tavern at 1565 Pleasant Street (MA 102) in South Lee, Massachusetts.
The tavern was built in 1812 and added to the National Historic Register in 1972. It continues to serve its historic function, and is now operated as a bed and breakfast inn.

</doc>
<doc id="18706522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706522" title="George Clarke (Canadian politician)">
George Clarke (Canadian politician)

George Clarke (born 1827) was a Canadian merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1894 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Aberdeenshire, Scotland and came to Nova Scotia in 1847. In 1856, he married Agnes Aitcheson. In 1873, Clarke married Elizabeth Bell. Clarke lived in Tatamagouche.

</doc>
<doc id="18706527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706527" title="Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District">
Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District

The Middlefield-Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District is a historic district extending through parts of the towns of Chester, Middlefield, and Becket, Massachusetts. The district encompasses a stretch of railroad right of way in which there are ten bridge crossings of the west branch of the Westfield River. The bridges were built in four time periods: 1840, 1866, 1912, and 1928. Nine of the ten bridges are stone or concrete masonry work, and one is a truss girder bridge. All are, with only minor exceptions, in excellent and original condition. The bridges were built to carry the Western Railroad through on its run from the Connecticut River to the Hudson River. This section of railroad was the most expensive the company had to build, costing over $1 million in 1840.
The 1840 bridges were designed by George Washington Whistler, and constructed by the firm of Alexander Birney. Of the original nine stone bridge built, one three survive, of which two are still in service. Some of these bridge were either demolished or encased in concrete during work performed in 1912 and 1927. One of the listed bridge was built of concrete in 1912, adjacent to one of the 1840 stone bridges that was taken out of service. The one steel truss bridge was built in 1912 by the Pennsylvania Steel Company. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
Bridge list.
Unless otherwise noted, all bridges were in service at the time of the National Register listing (1980), and crossed the West Branch Westfield River.

</doc>
<doc id="18706532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706532" title="2005 Oakland Raiders season">
2005 Oakland Raiders season

The 2005 Oakland Raiders season was their 46th in the league. They were unable to improve upon their previous season's output of 5–11, instead only going 4–12. The team finished the season on a six-game losing streak.

</doc>
<doc id="18706537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706537" title="Mill River Historic District">
Mill River Historic District

Mill River Historic District is a historic district encompassing the traditional center of government and a former industrial mill village along the Konkapot River in the village of Mill River in New Marlborough, Massachusetts. The district is roughly bounded by Main Street and River Church, Southfield, Clayton, School, and Hayes Hill Roads. It encomasses about , and contains mostly 19th century residential and civic buildings, as well as remnants of 19th century industrial activity.
The principal defining feature of the district is its narrow setting along the Konkapot River. The significant drop of the river in the area ( over a stretch of the river) prompted the construction of many dams and mills, of which remnants of eight survive. The housing stock in the village was built mainly in the first half of the 19th century, during the height of industrial activity, and features simple two story wood frame housing, usually with Greek Revival styling. Some houses predate the industrial period, and a number of houses were built later in the 19th century. The village declined in importance as an industrial center after the railroad was built through town, but not near the village, and most of its industrial infrastructure was eventually abandoned.
The civic buildings in the district include two Romanesque churches built in the 1860s, as well as the town hall, library, and school. A few commercial buildings from the era have also survived, including the current general store. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18706544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706544" title="Mill Village Historic District (Williamstown, Massachusetts)">
Mill Village Historic District (Williamstown, Massachusetts)

The Mill Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing a well-preserved 19th century mill village in Williamstown, Massachusetts. It is located on Cole Avenue and other streets east of Cole and south of the Hoosac River, which provided the mill's power. The original mill building was built in 1866 for a textile business operated by Williams College president Paul Chadbourne. The textile business operated until 1931, and was converted to the production of photographic paper in the 1940s.
Demand for workers led to a shortage of housing in the area, and a number of tenement-style double housing units were built near the mill by the company. A number of civic buildings, including a church, store, and school were also built to see to the workers' needs. The village district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18706545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706545" title="List of Nevada area codes">
List of Nevada area codes

This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Nevada. The map to the right is clickable; click on an area code to go to the page for that code, or select from the list below.
702: The southeastern tip of Nevada, including the Las Vegas metropolitan area
725: An overlay area code for the 702 area code effective June 2014.
775: All of Nevada outside the southeastern corner, including Reno and Carson City
Under the original North American Numbering Plan of 1947, area code 702 covered all of Nevada. Area code 775 split off in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18706549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706549" title="Benjamin Kaufman">
Benjamin Kaufman

Benjamin Kaufman (March 10, 1894-February 5, 1981) was a First Sergeant in the U.S. Army during World War I. He received the Medal of Honor and the Croix de Guerre for bravery in action in the Argonne Forest, France on October 4, 1918.
Biography.
Kaufman was born in Buffalo, but grew up in Brooklyn, where he lived at 2113 Pitkin Avenue, at the time of enlistment. His mother was Mrs. Anna Kaufman. He was attending Syracuse University when he had to respond to the call to arms and joined the Army in 1917. He was assigned to Company K, 307th Infantry, 77th Division.
Kaufman proved to be a hero almost as soon as he was in combat in France. He became blinded by a gas shell while aiding in the rescue of several of his men. Despite his refusal of medical help, doctors forced him to go to the hospital. Kaufman decided to go back to battle and borrowed a uniform and made his way back to his outfit. Kaufman was faced with a court martial but the charges were dropped.
Kaufman received awards for bravery from nine foreign governments. The United States awarded him the Medal of Honor on April 8, 1919.
During World War II, he was director of the War Manpower Commission in New Jersey. He was also a commander of the New Jersey Council of the Disabled American Veterans of the World War and a national vice commander of the National Legion of Valor.
He was the executive director of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States from 1945 to 1959 and a former national commander of the organization, and for nearly 10 years, he was the manager of the Trenton office of the State Employment Service.
Benjamin Kaufman died on February 5, 1981 at the Mercer Medical Center in Trenton at the age of 86. He was survived by his wife, the former Dorothy Finkle; a daughter, Rita DeVries; a sister, Jennie Edwards, and two grandchildren.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
He took out a patrol for the purpose of attacking an enemy machinegun which had checked the advance of his company. Before reaching the gun he became separated from his patrol and a machinegun bullet shattered his right arm. Without hesitation he advanced on the gun alone, throwing grenades with his left hand and charging with an empty pistol, taking one prisoner and scattering the crew, bringing the gun and prisoner back to the first-aid station.

</doc>
<doc id="18706556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706556" title="Central Indo-Pacific">
Central Indo-Pacific

The Central Indo-Pacific is a biogeographic region of the Earth's seas, comprising the tropical waters of the western Pacific Ocean, the eastern Indian Ocean, and the connecting seas.
The Central Indo-Pacific is part of the larger Indo-Pacific, which includes the tropical Indian Ocean, the western and central tropical Pacific Ocean, and the seas connecting the two in the general area of Indonesia. The Central Indo-Pacific may be classified as a marine realm, one of the great biogeographic divisions of the world's ocean basins, or as a subrealm of the Indo-Pacific.
The Central Indo-Pacific realm covers eastern shores of the tropical Indian Ocean, including most of the Indian Ocean coast of the Indonesian archipelago, the northern Australian coast, and the Cocos and Christmas islands. It extends through the tropical seas connecting the Pacific and Indian Oceans, including the Java Sea in central Indonesia, the South China Sea between the Asian land mass and the Philippine and Malay archipelagos, and the Arafura Sea separating Australia and New Guinea. It includes the seas surrounding island groups of the western Pacific, including the Ryukyu Islands, Caroline Islands, Marianas Islands, New Guinea and the Bismarck Archipelago, Solomon Islands, Vanuatu, New Caledonia, Fiji, Tonga, and Lord Howe Island.
It is bounded on the west by the Western Indo-Pacific, with the transition at the Strait of Malacca and in southern Sumatra. The Central Indo-Pacific includes the seas surrounding the northern half of Australia, while the Temperate Australasia marine realm includes the seas surrounding the southern half of Australia. The boundaries between those two marine realms lie in Western Australia and southern Queensland. The Eastern Indo-Pacific lies to the east, extending across most of tropical Polynesia. To the north, the Taiwan Strait forms the boundary with the Temperate Northern Pacific, which also includes the larger Japanese islands.
The Central Indo-Pacific has the greatest diversity of tropical corals in the world, and includes the largest and second-largest coral formations in the world, Australia's Great Barrier Reef and the New Caledonia Barrier Reef.
Subdivisions.
The Central Indo-Pacific is further subdivided into marine provinces, and the marine provinces divided into marine ecoregions:

</doc>
<doc id="18706559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706559" title="Monument Square-Eagle Street Historic District">
Monument Square-Eagle Street Historic District

The Monument Square-Eagle Street Historic District is a historic district encompassing the civic heart of North Adams, Massachusetts. When it was originally designated in 1972, the district encompassed Monument Square – west of the intersection of Main Street and Church Street, and the location of a Civil War memorial – and the area around it. This designation included the North Adams Public Library (formerly the Blackinton Mansion), the First Baptist Church and First Congregational Church, and a block of shops Eagle Street. In 1988, the district's boundaries were increased to be roughly bounded by Holden, Center and Union Streets, the East Middle School (now the Silvio O. Conte Middle School), Summer Street, and Main Street. This expansion extended the district westward along Summer Street to include the US Post Office building and St. John's Church, and eastward to include Colgrove Park, the middle school, and St. Francis Catholic Church. An additional block of commercial buildings was also added on the north side of West Main Street, extending just west of Holden Street.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="18706564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706564" title="Monument Mills">
Monument Mills

Monument Mills are historic textile mills in the Housatonic village of Great Barrington, Massachusetts. The Monument Mills Company operated a textile business at these sites between 1850 and 1955. Its facilities, which occupy both sides of the Housatonic River and from which they initially drew their power, underwent significant expansion and renovation over this period of use, predominantly in the 19th and early 20th century. A decline in demand and changing tastes in textiles brought about a decline in business, and the mills closed in 1955, thereafter suffering from vacancy and neglect. Today, the some parts of the complex house artists and small businesses.
The mill complexes were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The company was also responsible for the construction of the Glendale Power House further up the Housatonic River in Stockbridge; this facility was one of the first hydroelectric power stations built to provide power for industrial work, and is also listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="18706574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706574" title="Bagh bandi">
Bagh bandi

Bagh bandi is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Lower Bengal, India. It is a hunt game. It uses an Alquerque board, and therefore, Bagh bandi is specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game). There are two tigers attempting to elude and capture as many goats while the goats are attempting to surround and trap the tigers. An interesting and uncommon feature in this game is that the goats are piled up on four points of the board at the beginning of the game. Piling up pieces is an unusual feature in hunt games or any board game in general. The only other hunt game that uses this feature is Sher-bakar, a game closely related to Bagh bandi. 
Goal.
The goats win if they surround and immobilize the two tigers.
The tigers win if they capture enough goats so that they cannot immobilize the tigers.
Equipment.
The board is an Alquerque board. There are 2 tigers represented as 2 black pieces. There are 20 goats represented as 20 white pieces.
Game Play and Rules.
1. Players decide which animal to play. 
2. In the beginning, the 2 tigers are placed on the middle column. Specifically, one tiger is placed on the second point from the top of the middle column, and the other tiger is placed on the fourth point. The goats are placed on the second left most column and second right most column. The goats are specifically placed on the first point and third point of each column from the top. Therefore, there are four points on the board that all the 20 goats are placed upon initially, and each of the four points has 5 goats each. 
3. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. Only one piece may used to move or capture per turn. The goats start first.
4. The goat player may take the top goat of a pile, and place it onto any vacamt adjacent point following the pattern on the board. Or the goat player can take any single goat on the board and move it one space onto any vacant adjacent point following the pattern on the board. A goat may not move onto a pile, or onto a single goat piece to form a pile. 
Similarly, a tiger may be moved one space onto a vacant adjacent point following the pattern on the board.
5. A tiger can capture by the short leap as in draughts or Alquerque. The tiger leaps over the adjacent goat, and lands on a vacant point immediately beyond. The leap must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. A tiger can also leap over a pile of goats, but only captures the top most goat of the pile, and lands onto a vacant point on the other side. Again, the jump must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. Only one capture is allowed per turn, however, another source states that multiple captures are allowed. If multiple captures are allowed, the tiger, however, cannot jump back and forth on the same pile to capture all of its pieces in one turn. Captures are not compulsory. 
Goats cannot capture.

</doc>
<doc id="18706576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706576" title="List of Oregon area codes">
List of Oregon area codes

This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Oregon. It is, as of 2010, one of three states (along with Maryland and West Virginia) that is entirely overlaid.
503: The northwestern corner of Oregon, including Portland and its metropolitan area, Salem and other cities
541: All of Oregon outside the northwestern corner, including Eugene
971: An overlay of area code 503. Until 2008, 971 was a concentrated overlay, meaning it was only present in some parts of the 503 area. Today, however, it is a standard overlay.
458: An overlay of area code 541.
Under the original North American Numbering Plan of 1947, area code 503 covered all of Oregon. Area code 541 was split off in 1995, the 971 overlay of 503 became active in 2000, and the 458 overlay of 541 became active in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18706589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706589" title="Gare d'Avignon TGV">
Gare d'Avignon TGV

Avignon TGV (IATA: XZN) is a railway station located in Avignon, Vaucluse, south-eastern France. The station was opened in 2001 and is located on the LGV Méditerranée high-speed line and Avignon-Centre–Avignon TGV railway. The train services are operated by SNCF. The station is located km south of the city centre.
Overview.
This station has two platforms for trains calling at the station, with two through lines. This allows trains not stopping at Avignon to pass through at full speed, but away from passenger platforms.
This station, inaugurated in 2001, was designed by the cabinet of architecture of the SNCF under the direction of Jean-Marie Duthilleul and Jean-François Blassel. It has a 340 m (1,115 ft)-long glazed roof that has been compared to that of a cathedral.
On 15 December, 2013 a link line between Avignon's city station and Avignon's high speed station opened, with a regular shuttle service operating between the two.
Train services.
The station is served by the following services:
From Avignon TGV train services depart to major French cities such as: Paris, Lyon, Marseille, Cannes, Nice, Dijon, Strasbourg, Montpellier, Toulouse, Bordeaux, Nantes, Rennes and Lille.
International services operate to Belgium: Brussels, Antwerpen (in summer), Germany: Frankfurt, Spain: Barcelona, Madrid, Switzerland: Geneva, England: London and The Netherlands: Amsterdam (in summer).
Additionally in the summer months Thalys provide services between Amsterdam, Brussels and Eurostar operate international services direct to the nearby Avignon-Centre station as well as via Lyon to Avignon TGV.
Trivia.
Parts of the 2007 film "Mr Bean's Holiday" were shot at Gare d'Avignon.

</doc>
<doc id="18706598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706598" title="1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1985 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Mechelen, Belgium.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the nineteenth championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18706604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706604" title="Marko Barun">
Marko Barun

Marko Barun (born 7 January 1978 in Slovenia) is a Slovenian professional footballer who last played for Aris Limassol F.C. in Cypriot First Division.

</doc>
<doc id="18706607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706607" title="Ngaire Woods">
Ngaire Woods

Ngaire Woods (pronounced "nyree") is Dean of the Blavatnik School of Government and Professor of Global Economic Governance at the University of Oxford. She founded and is the Director of the Global Economic Governance Programme, and is co-founder (with Robert O. Keohane) of the Oxford-Princeton Global Leaders Fellowship programme. She was born in New Zealand.
Career.
Woods was named inaugural Dean of the Blavatnik School of Government in 2011. Her research focuses on global economic governance, the challenges of globalization, global development, and the role of international institutions.
Ngaire Woods has served as an Advisor to the IMF Board, to the UNDP Human Development Report, and to the Commonwealth Heads of Government. She was a regular presenter of the Analysis Program for BBC Radio 4, and in 1998 presented her own BBC TV series on public policy. She has also served as a member of the IMF European Regional Advisory Group, and Chair of a World Economic Forum’s Global Agenda Council. She is currently a Rhodes Trustee, a Non-Executive Director of Arup, a member of the Advisory Group of the Center for Global Development (Washington DC), a member of the Board of the Center for International Governance Innovation (Waterloo), a member of the Academic and Policy Board of Oxonia, and a Trustee of the Europeaum.
She is a governor of the Ditchley Foundation, and in 2009 she became a Trustee of the Rhodes Trust.
Education.
Woods was educated at the University of Auckland where she graduated with a BA in economics and a LLB (Hons) in law. She studied at Balliol College, Oxford as a New Zealand Rhodes Scholar, completing an M.Phil in International Relations (with Distinction) and a D.Phil. From 1990 to 1992, she was a Junior Research Fellow at New College, Oxford and subsequently taught at the Government Department at Harvard University before taking up her Fellowship at University College, Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="18706620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706620" title="RTL2">
RTL2

RTL2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706626" title="Tear Your Soul Apart">
Tear Your Soul Apart

Tear Your Soul Apart is an EP by Venom. "'The Ark" and "Civilised" are studio outtakes that didn't appear on the "Prime Evil" album. The track "Hellbent" is a live cover of the Judas Priest song "Hell Bent for Leather" with the lyrics in the chorus changed to "Hell bent for metal".
Track listing.
All tracks except for "Hellbent" composed by Dolan/Bray/Dunn/Lant.

</doc>
<doc id="18706628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706628" title="Thornyhive Bay">
Thornyhive Bay

Thornyhive Bay is an embayment along the North Sea coast in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. This bay is situated approximately 2.5 miles south of the town of Stonehaven and approximately 2.5 miles north of the Fowlsheugh Nature Reserve. The steep cliffs afford sightings of certain seabirds.

</doc>
<doc id="18706632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706632" title="Sinking ships for wreck diving sites">
Sinking ships for wreck diving sites

Sinking ships for wreck diving sites is the practice of scuttling old ships to produce artificial reefs suitable for wreck diving, to benefit from commercial revenues from recreational diving of the shipwreck, or to produce a diver training site.
Preparation.
To prepare a hulk for sinking as a wreck site, several things must be done to make it safe for the marine environment and divers. To protect the environment, the ship is purged of all oils, hydraulic fluids, and dangerous chemicals such as PCBs. Much of the superstructure is removed to prevent the hazard of it eventually caving in from corrosion. Similarly, the interior of the ship is gutted of all structures that corrode quickly, and would be dangerous to divers if they came loose. The ship is thoroughly cleaned, often with the help of volunteers interested in diving. A significant part of the cost of preparing and sinking the ship comes from scrapping the contents of the ship, including valuable materials such as copper wiring. The hulk's suitability as a diving site is enhanced by cutting openings in its hull and interior bulkheads to allow divers access.
Sinking.
The preparation phase removes a significant amount of weight, so the ship sits higher in the water than normal. The ship must be carefully weighed down by filling some sections with water as makeshift ballast tanks to prevent excessive rolling in port or during towing. The ship is towed to the sinking location, usually in shallow waters. The ship is scuttled using dynamite, in a controlled demolition. The holes are blown so that the heavier engine room and stern floods first, then the rest of the hull. The aim is to sink the ship in an upright position.

</doc>
<doc id="18706636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706636" title="Diego Ciz">
Diego Ciz

Diego Ciz, (born May 31, 1981 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a football defender from Uruguay who currently plays for Paraguayan Primera División side Sol de América.
Career.
Ciz started his career in the youth divisions of Peñarol but was released and went on to sign for Rocha F.C. where he made his debut in professional football. While in Rocha, Ciz was part of the team that won the 2005 Apertura.
In 2007 Ciz was transferred to the giant club Olimpia of Paraguay.
In early 2010, after not having much chances to play with Olimpia, he was loaned to the Romanian side Rapid Bucharest.
On 19 December 2010, Ciz has signed a two-year contract with Paraguayan side Sol de América.

</doc>
<doc id="18706640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706640" title="Tropical Storm Edouard (2008)">
Tropical Storm Edouard (2008)

Tropical Storm Edouard brought coastal and minor inland flooding to Louisiana and Texas in August 2008. The fifth tropical cyclone and fifth named storm of the hurricane season, Edouard developed from a trough in the northern Gulf of Mexico on August 3. After developing into a tropical depression, it gradually strengthened and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Edouard on August 4. However, northerly wind shear initially halted any further significant intensification and also caused the storm to struggle to maintain deep convection over the center. Edouard eventually intensified further and peaked as a strong tropical storm with winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) on August 5. Shortly thereafter, the storm made landfall near Gilchrist, Texas later that day. Edouard quickly weakened and was downgraded to tropical depression by early on August 6, six hours before degenerated into a remnant low pressure area.
Due to the relatively weak nature of the storm, impact was generally minor. Rip currents in Alabama and Florida led to five fatalities. The sixth death from the storm was also related to rough seas and occurred near the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana. Storm surge and high tides also caused coastal flooding in the state, especially in Cameron Parish. Relatively strong winds left more than 2,000 without electricity and damaged trees and the roofs of mobile homes. Storm surge caused coastal flooding in eastern Texas, particularly in the Gilchrist area. At least 25 homes sustained damage, while portions of a few major roads, such as Interstate 10, were closed. Minor inland flooding occurred due to heavy rainfall, with a portion of Texas State Highway 36 being temporarily shutdown. Strong winds in the region damaged hundreds of homes, downed trees, and left about 300,000 people without electricity. Overall, damage from Tropical Storm Edouard totaled slightly more than $550,000 (2008 USD).
Meteorological history.
On August 2, 2008, a trough entered the northern Gulf of Mexico, with a low pressure area developing near Apalachicola, Florida. The system maintained scattered deep convection across offshore waters and environmental conditions favored tropical cyclogenesis. The system tracked generally west-southwestward, due to its position south of a subtropical ridge extending from Texas through Florida. On the afternoon of August 3, a Hurricane Hunters flight into the system confirmed the development of a well-defined center of circulation, slightly exposed from a disorganized area of thunderstorms. As a result, the system developed into Tropical Depression Five at at 1200 UTC on August 3, while located about 85 miles (140 km) south of the mouth of the Mississippi River. Because the depression was initially located in an area of northerly wind shear and dry air, the National Hurricane Center forecast it to slowly intensify. 
After a burst in deep convection late on August 3, Hurricane Hunter data indicated flight level winds of . At 0000 UTC on August 4, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Edouard. Later that day, convection temporarily decreased around the center, though a brief convective flare up on its east side occurred early on August 5. Due to decreasing westerly wind shear, the center was nearly surrounded by convection that afternoon. Further organization continued and at 1200 UTC on August 5, Edouard attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of . Simultaneously, the storm made landfall at the McFaddin and Texas Point National Wildlife Refuges near Gilchrist, Texas at the same intensity. It weakened rapidly after moving inland and was downgraded to a tropical depression late on August 5. Edouard then re-curved northwest over eastern Texas, before degenerating into a remnant low pressure area at 0600 UTC on August 6. The remnant low continued northwestward until dissipating over northern Texas early on August 7.
Preparations.
Several tropical cyclone warnings and watches were issued in association with Tropical Storm Edouard. At 2100 UTC on August 3, a tropical storm watch was posted from Intracoastal City, Louisiana to Port O'Connor, Texas. Simultaneously, a tropical storm warning was issued from Intracoastal City to the mouth of the Mississippi River in Louisiana. The tropical storm watch was upgraded to a hurricane watch early on August 4. Around that time, the tropical storm warning was extended from the mouth of the Mississippi River to Cameron, Louisiana. At 0900 UTC on August 4, the tropical storm warning was revised to reach San Luis Pass, Texas. The hurricane watch was modified from Grand Isle, Louisiana to Sargent, Texas. The tropical storm warning was extended to include the mouth of the Mississippi River to Port O'Connor at 1500 UTC on August 5. At that time, the tropical storm warning was modified again to stretch from San Luis Pass to Cameron. Late on August 5, all tropical cyclones were discontinued. 
In the Gulf of Mexico, Shell Oil evacuated about 40 workers from drilling operations. BP and Chevron also evacuated workers from platforms in the western and central Gulf, though neither predicted substantial effects on production. A few oil refineries on land were closed, such as one operated by Marathon Oil in Texas City, Texas. Governor of Texas Rick Perry issued a disaster declaration for 17 Texas counties that were threatened by Tropical Storm Edouard. Perry activated up to 1,200 National Guard troops, a 70 member rescue team, six helicopters, and an incident management team that brings food and water to affected areas. Under the order, about 200 buses became available in San Antonio and Houston to help in evacuations. Dow Chemical shut down their plants in Clear Lake and La Porte. The United States Coast Guard also ceased cargo operations to the Galveston-Houston area by late on August 4. Governor of Louisiana Bobby Jindal declared a statewide emergency. In Cameron Parish, Louisiana the Office of Emergency Preparedness ordered a mandatory evacuation, where Sheriff's deputies also erected roadblocks.
Impact.
Florida, Alabama, and Louisiana.
Rip currents in Florida and Alabama led to the deaths of five people, three of which occurred in Panama City, Florida. Along the coast, storm surge in Louisiana generally ran above normal, although a slightly higher tide was reported near Intracoastal City. Due to the storm surge, part of Louisiana Highway 82 was closed between Holly Beach and Johnson Bayou. Additionally, Interstate 10 was also flooded by storm surge. Minor flooding from the surge traveled up the Calcasieu River to Lake Charles, where water flooded a local yacht club. Low-lying areas of Intracoastal City were flooded, disrupting marine industries. A man fell overboard from a shrimp boat in rough seas from Edouard near the mouth of the Mississippi River.
Three locations reported tropical storm force winds, including on Timbalier Island, in Calcasieu Pass, and on Marsh Island. In Cameron, Vermilion, and Calcasieu Parishes, wind gusts were mainly between , though a gust of was observed at Calcasieu Pass. Winds severely damaged several mobile homes in Cameron, mostly from roofs being torn off. More than 3,000 people were left without electricity in Cameron Calcasieu Parishes combined as winds downed trees and power lines. A few mobile homes in that parish sustained minor wind damage. In Vermilion Parish, a few trees and power lines were downed. Rainfall in Louisiana reached at Hackberry; at other locations, precipitation was mainly between . Overall, Edouard caused about $350,000 in damage within the state of Louisiana.
Texas.
Rainfall from Edouard peaked at at Baytown, Texas, near Houston. In central Texas, a burst of thunderstorm activity near the storm's center produced of rain near Hamilton, Texas; as a result, part of Texas State Highway 36 was closed due to flooding. Elsewhere, of precipitation was reported. The heavy rainfall was expected to help relieve persistent drought conditions in some locations. Winds gusted to over , peaking at over . Furthermore, a wind gust of was reported at Texas Point. Due to the high winds, falling trees and power lines left at least 300,000 customers in Southeastern Texas without electricity, most of them in Jefferson County. Hundreds of homes also suffered damage.
Storm surge ranged between 2 and 5 feet (0.60–1.5 m) along the coast. In addition, high surf battered the shore. Minor storm surge flooding along portions of the Bolivar Peninsula caused $95,000 in damage. The coastal flooding forced the closure of and caused $5,000 in damage to Interstate 10 in Chambers County. Near Baytown, water flooded a few garages. Additionally, at least 27 homes in Gilchrist flooded. Two mobile homes and fifteen single-family homes had of water; as much as of water was reported in ten other single-family houses. At the McFaddin and Texas Point National Wildlife Refuges, losses in the park totaled to $100,000. Overall, effects from Tropical Storm Edouard in the state of Texas resulted in approximately $200,000 in damage.

</doc>
<doc id="18706642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706642" title="The Young Ones (video game)">
The Young Ones (video game)

The Young Ones is a video game based on the British comedy television series, "The Young Ones".
The game takes place in the students' home. The player can choose to play as either Mike, Neil, Vyvyan or Rick to explore the house and enter different rooms. The other characters become computer-controlled players. All characters can move around the house, pick up and drop objects, as well as break and fix things. The characters often talk, giving the player clues as to what the character is intended to do. 
The aim of the game is to try and move out of the house with all the character's belongings in the shortest time possible. This is not so easy, because these possessions are typically not in their preferred condition, or are hidden around the house, and players need various tools to get to them. The other characters will move around the house, behaving in-character, occasionally moving around or further damaging the possessions - making the task harder.
The game was published by Orpheus Software, based in Hatley St George in Bedfordshire, UK. The concept of the game was created by Orpheus director Paul Kaufman (previously director of Oric software house, Tansoft). The majority of the game was programmed by John Marshall, with input from Geoff Phillips. The Young Ones characters were licensed from the owners of the BBC TV series, Rik Mayall, Ben Elton and Lise Mayer. 
Due to difficulty in licensing the original series music from the BBC, an alternative music sound track was commissioned to sound similar to the original theme. Over 10,000 copies of the game were sold, mainly through Boots stores, Woolworths and independent computer stores. Due to obscure bugs in the software, it was actually impossible to solve the game, although few users realised this at the time. Orpheus ceased trading before the problems could be remedied.

</doc>
<doc id="18706660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706660" title="List of Pennsylvania area codes">
List of Pennsylvania area codes

This is a list of telephone area codes in the state of Pennsylvania.
215: The city of Philadelphia and its immediately surrounding areas in the southeast corner of Pennsylvania directly to its north
267: An overlay of 215
272: An overlay of 570
412: The city of Pittsburgh and its immediately surrounding areas in Allegheny County
484: An overlay of 610
570: Northeastern Pennsylvania, including Scranton and Wilkes-Barre.
582: Northwestern Pennsylvania, to be split from 814 in 2012.
610: Southeastern Pennsylvania outside Philadelphia, including the Lehigh Valley, but excluding all but northernmost Bucks County and the eastern half of Montgomery County
717: South Central Pennsylvania, including Harrisburg, Lancaster, and York.
724: Southwestern Pennsylvania outside Pittsburgh and Allegheny County (except for outermost areas, such as Wexford, Gibsonia, Tarentum, parts of Monroeville, and parts of southern AC); completely surrounds 412
814: Northwestern and central Pennsylvania, from Bedford County to Centre County extending to the shores of Lake Erie, and including the city of Erie
878: An overlay of 412 and 724.
The original four area codes for Pennsylvania in 1947 were 215, 412, 717, and 814. 610 was added in 1995, and several other splits and overlays have occurred since then. Area code 835 is planned as an additional overlay to 610.

</doc>
<doc id="18706674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706674" title="Apache Mahout">
Apache Mahout

Apache Mahout is a project of the Apache Software Foundation to produce free implementations of distributed or otherwise scalable machine learning algorithms focused primarily in the areas of collaborative filtering, clustering and classification. Many of the implementations use the Apache Hadoop platform. Mahout also provides Java libraries for common math operations (focused on linear algebra and statistics) and primitive Java collections. Mahout is a work in progress; the number of implemented algorithms has grown quickly, but various algorithms are still missing.
While Mahout's core algorithms for clustering, classification and batch based collaborative filtering are implemented on top of Apache Hadoop using the map/reduce paradigm, it does not restrict contributions to Hadoop based implementations. Contributions that run on a single node or on a non-Hadoop cluster are also welcomed. For example, the 'Taste' collaborative-filtering recommender component of Mahout was originally a separate project and can run stand-alone without Hadoop. Integration with initiatives such as the Pregel-like Giraph are actively under discussion.

</doc>
<doc id="18706676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706676" title="Blackbird House">
Blackbird House

Blackbird House is a novel by Alice Hoffman, published by Vintage Books in 2004.
Plot summary.
Surrounded by fields of sweet peas and fruit vines in rural Massachusetts sits "Blackbird House", a haunting house to the women who live in her. A raging storm in 1778 sees John Hadley and his sons lost at sea. From then, the lives of the inhabitants are tangled together, until present day when the history of the house, its ghosts and the tragedies yet to come arrive at a dramatic climax.

</doc>
<doc id="18706697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706697" title="Razlog dialect">
Razlog dialect

The Razlog dialect is a Macedonian dialect, member of the Rup or Macedonian dialects. Its range includes the valley of Razlog in southwestern Bulgaria and its immediate neighbours are the Rup Serres-Nevrokop dialect to the south, the Babyak dialect to the east, the Samokov and Ihtiman dialects to the north and the Blagoevgrad-Petrich dialect to the west. It shares a number of phonological characteristics with both the Rup (especially the Rhodopean) and the Southwestern dialects. 
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Rup or Rhodopean dialects, cf. Rup dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_3.htm#razlozhki]

</doc>
<doc id="18706698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706698" title="Aylesbury Canal Society">
Aylesbury Canal Society

The Aylesbury Canal Society is a waterway society on the Grand Union Canal, Buckinghamshire, England. The society was launched in 1971 to promote the use of the Aylesbury Arm, and to run moorings leased from British Waterways.
Aylesbury Basin was sold by British Waterways to Aylesbury Vale District Council in 2007. However, Aylesbury Canal Society hold the lease until 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="18706725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706725" title="Peter Makuck">
Peter Makuck

Peter Makuck (born October 26, 1940) is an American poet, short story writer, and critic. He is Distinguished Professor emeritus Professor of English at East Carolina University, where he was also the first Distinguished Professor of Arts and Sciences; he has also served as Visiting Writer in Residence at Brigham Young University, Visiting Distinguished Professor at North Carolina State University, and Visiting Distinguished Writer-in-Residence University of North Carolina-Wilmington. In 1993 Makuck received the Charity Randall Citation from the International Poetry Forum. In 2010 his Long Lens: New & Selected Poems, was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. Poems, stories, and reviews by Makuck have been published in many leading journals including "Poetry, The Southern Review, The Hudson Review, Ploughshares," and others, and his work has been featured on the Poetry Daily website and on Garrison Keillor's Writer's Almanac. Makuck was the founding editor of the journal "Tar River Poetry". He lives with his wife, Phyllis, on Bogue Banks, one of North Carolina's barrier islands.
Education.
Makuck received his B.A. from St. Francis College in Maine, his M.A. from Niagara University, and his Ph.D. from Kent State University, where he wrote his dissertation on William Faulkner. As a student he witnessed the 1970 Kent State shootings; his early poem "The Commons" addresses this event.
Themes.
According to Lorraine Hale Robinson, Makuck's poems "repeatedly explore the themes of epiphany and second chances; of the relations of mystery, grace, and beauty; and of the revalatory effects of jolts of violence." He has a "compelling interest in place...he landscapes of Eastern North Carolina have influenced his work," as has the desert Southwest (214-215).
Matthew Schmeer, in his review of Makuck's "Off-season in the Promised Land", notes that
Acceptance is as an undercurrent in these poems: acceptance of time, of fate, of the changing seasons, of loss, of the gifts and glimpses of the natural world. It would be easy to label Makuck a naturalist after reading this collection, as fully three-fourths of the pieces are about encounters with whales, hawks, fish, weather, shifting sandbars and whatnot. But . . . Makuck does not see nature as wholly benevolent. There is always an undercurrent of danger, of quiet violence, times when a quick squall can blow in from offshore, when the beauty of the landed fish is admired for a moment before the knife is unsheathed. Hawks and hurricanes cannot be held to moral standards, and Makuck revels in revealing this seam where violence and calm collide. . . .
Works.
Poetry
Short Story Collections
Criticism

</doc>
<doc id="18706727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706727" title="Negation (poem)">
Negation (poem)

"Negation" is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book
of poetry, "Harmonium." It
was first published in 1918, so it is in the public
domain.
This poem was Section VII of the poem—sequence "Lettres d'un Soldat"
(1918). It was extracted as "Negation" for inclusion in the second
edition of "Harmonium". It may reflect Stevens's reading of 
"Thus Spake Zarathustra", according to Bates. The poem's image of God as
bungling potter recalls Zarathustra's dialogue with the last pope, in
which God is similarly characterized.
Another "Harmonium" poem that clearly reflects Stevens's reading of Nietzsche 
is "The Surprises of the Superhuman", which was also extracted from
"Lettres d'un Soldat" for inclusion in the second edition.
The poem is notable for its arch wit and the anti-poetical salutation, "Hi!", 
rather than as a solution to the problem of evil.

</doc>
<doc id="18706732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706732" title="Tiffanie (given name)">
Tiffanie (given name)

Tiffanie is an American feminine given name, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706736" title="Chopat">
Chopat

Chopat (or Chaupat) is a Cross and Circle game played in Saurashtra, part of Gujarat, India.
History.
It is a relatively easy game to learn but it does require skill to play this game of strategy well. Chopat is claimed to be a variation of the game of dice played in the epic poem Mahabharata between Yudhisthira and Duryodhan.
Variations are played in other parts of India1 and even Pakistan2. It is similar in some ways to Pachisi, Parcheesi and Ludo.
Its also called The Ludo grandfathers.
Set up.
A chopat 'board' is traditionally an embroidered cloth in the shape of a cross. Each arm of the cross is divided into three columns and each column is divided into eight squares. 
The “dice” are seven cowry shells.
The “men” or pieces (Sogthi)are usually made of wood. Each player has four men.
Rules.
A maximum of four players play this game, each sitting in front of an arm of the cross. 
The centre of the cross is “ghar" or "home” for all players. 
The center column on each arm of the cross is the "home column" for each player’s men after they cross the flower motif.
The starting point for each player is the flower motif on the column to the left of his home column.
Each player is required to enter his four men into the game from the starting point. The men travel around the outer perimeter columns (17 squares per arm of the cross) in a anti-clockwise direction. 
Before a player can bring any of his own men “home”, he has to knock out at least one man of another player. This is called a “tohd”.
Only the player’s own men can enter the home column of each player. Once the men cross the flower motif, they are played by laying the pieces on their side to indicate they are in their final home stretch and are safe now from any further attack.
Cowry Shells.
All seven cowry shells are used in each throw.
Scoring is as follows:
All 7 facing down – 7 points
1 facing up, 6 facing down – 11 points
2 facing up, 5 facing down – 2 points
3 facing up, 4 facing down – 3 points
4 facing up, 3 facing down – 4 points
5 facing up, 2 facing down – 25 points 
6 facing up, 1 facing down – 30 points
All 7 facing up – 14 points
Entering men.
To start, each player takes turns throwing the cowry shells. The player with the highest score starts first.
A player can only enter a man into the game if he has a “high” throw - 11, 25 or 30 points or higher.
The starting point each player is the flower motif on the column to the left of his home column.
Playing.
The men travel around the outer perimeter columns in a Anti-clockwise direction from their starting flower motifs.
For each high throw, a player gets an additional throw. If he has three consecutive high throws, they “burn” up - "beli jaye" and he loses a turn.
If a player has multiple throws in a turn because of a “high” throw, he is allowed to move different men for each of the throws.
Once all four of his men have entered into play, any further throws of 11, 25 or 30 points by the player results in the granting of one additional step or point called “peghedu”. This is a bonus point. This peghedu (single step) may be used to move another man, separate from the man moved for the throw itself.
At any point in the game, if a player has no men who can move the amount of a throw, that throw is forfeited.
Safe Squares.
The squares with the flower motifs are “safe” squares. Two opposing players’ men can both land on the same square with no harm to either.
If two men of the same player rest on a single square, they are safe. Men of other players can move past this square on their turn although they cannot land there.
Knock Out.
Each player has to knock out at least one man of another player – do a “tohd” or "hit" - before he can bring any of his men home, Flower Motif of First strip payers home arm.
This is done by landing his man on any square other than one with a flower motif, occupied by a single man of his opponent. The knocked out man is taken out of play and has to be re-entered into the game the usual way.
Counting Strategies.
Each arm of the cross has 17 squares for moving so:
1. "aanth ghar pacchees" - move 8 for throw of 25 - count 8 squares forward and move to the corresponding square on the next arm of the cross. 
2. "tehr ghar trees" - move 13 for throw of 30 - count 13 squares forward and move to the corresponding square on the next arm of the cross.
Coming Home.
The home column for each player can only be entered by his men if he has already made at least one “tohd”.
Once the men cross the flower motif, they are played by laying the pieces on their side to indicate they are in their final home stretch and are safe now from any further attack. However an opponent player can make his man- made or Silly(Gandu). 
Each man enters the center cross “home” only with the exact number of steps. If the throw is higher than the required number of steps, and if it cannot be used by any other of his men still in play, that throw is forfeited.
Winning.
The first player who brings all four of his men home is the winner. 
Play continues for second and third places until one last player has men remaining on the board.
Continue playing.
After a player has brought all his men home, he can continue to play with the others.
This is called “gandu kadhyu” - being silly. If at least one out of his four men is in Home, he can make this man mad or silly (Gandu) only if he gets a big score in his turn (11, 25, 30). This mad man can kill any man anywhere even in a flower motif, including his own. This mad man moves clockwise (in opposite direction to the others) and has to complete the circle and has to come back home from the opponent's arm from where he might have started his journey. Unless and until this mad man completes his journey, the owner player can't move his other men. They will remain standstill where they were before the player made one of his home men mad. To separate this mad man from the rest of the men, this man will be placed in the lying position. This is a source of much hilarity and an exciting part of Chopat.
References.
1. The Hindu of India <http://www.hindu.com/2007/10/07/stories/2007100757860400.htm>
2. Daily Times of Pakistan <http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=story_21-6-2005_pg7_18>

</doc>
<doc id="18706748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706748" title="Polvorón">
Polvorón

A polvorón (From "polvo", the Spanish word for powder, or dust; Cebuano: polboron; ) is a type of heavy, soft and very crumbly Spanish shortbread made of flour, sugar, milk, and nuts. They are produced mostly in Andalusia, where there are about 70 factories in that are part of a syndicate that produces polvorones and mantecados. Under the name "mantecados", these sweets are a traditional preparation of other areas of the Iberian Peninsula as well.
Polvorones are popular holiday delicacies in all Spain and ex-Spanish colonies in Latin America, as well as the Philippines. Traditionally they were prepared from September to January but are now available all year round. Polvorones were brought to Spain by the Moors and there is thus a very possible Levantine origin, based on a similar sweet known as "ghurayba". As this was introduced by the Arabs, during the Spanish Inquisition, it was later decreed by the officials of the Inquisition that polvorones were to be made using pork fat as a means of detecting secret Jews and Muslims within the Southern Spanish regions.
Mantecado.
Mantecado is a name for a variety of Spanish shortbreads that includes the "polvorón". Often both names are synonymous, but not all "mantecados" are "polvorones". The name "mantecado" comes from "manteca", usually the fat of Iberian pig ("cerdo iberico"), with which they are made, while the name "polvorón" is based on the fact that these cakes crumble easily into a kind of dust in the hand or the mouth.
In Puerto Rico "mantecado" is an ice cream and in Spain it may be also the name given to a kind of sweet sherbet.
In the Philippines, "mantecado" is a popular and traditional ice cream flavour, characterised as a mixture of vanilla and butter.
Regional variations.
Mexico.
In Mexico, these are traditionally served at weddings and celebrations. The cookies themselves are small balls usually made with pecans. They are known in the United States as "Mexican wedding cookies".
Philippines.
The Filipino version of polvorón uses a large amount of powdered milk which is left dry, as well as toasted flour, and butter or margarine instead of lard. A number of local variants on the traditional "polvorón" recipe have been made. Well-known variants include "polvorón" with "casuy" (cashew nut), "polvorón" with "pinipig" (pounded and toasted young green rice, similar to crisped rice) and "polvorón" with "malunggay" leaves. Strawberry, chocolate coated, purple yam ("ube"), peanut and cookies-and-cream flavoured "polvorón" also exist.
Spain.
Polvorones are a common Christmas dessert in Spain. These days there are options different from pig fat, like cow fat, as well as vegetarian polvorones and mantecados made with olive oil.
United States of America.
Sometimes called Pan de Polvo, it is made with anise in the south Texas region.

</doc>
<doc id="18706749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706749" title="Whitecliff Bay">
Whitecliff Bay

Whitecliff Bay is a sandy bay near Foreland which is the easternmost point of the Isle of Wight, England about 2 miles south-west of Bembridge and just to the north of Culver Down. It is a tourist site (the location of a holiday park), has a popular beach with two hundred metres of sand and shingle, and minimal facilities including 2 cafes. Access is limited and only possible down two steeply sloping concrete tracks. 
It is of geological interest, being part of the Whitecliff Bay And Bembridge Ledges SSSI.
Geology.
Whitecliff Bay, although lesser known than Alum Bay, has nearly identical geology to the latter, being a coastal section of the same strata which run east-west across the island. It displays a classic sequence of fossil-bearing Eocene beds of soft sands and clays, separated by an unconformity from the underlying Cretaceous Chalk Formation forming the headland of Culver Down to its south. Due to geological folding of the Alpine orogeny, the strata in the main section of the Bay are vertical, with younger rocks to the north.
History.
Whitecliff Bay was one of the landing points for the French invasion of the Isle of Wight (1545).

</doc>
<doc id="18706752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706752" title="Utrine">
Utrine

Utrine is a name of several places. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706753" title="Alumni Arena">
Alumni Arena

Alumni Arena may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706775" title="Utrine, Zagreb">
Utrine, Zagreb

Utrine (also Utrina) is a residential neighborhood located in the Novi Zagreb - istok city district of Zagreb, Croatia. It is bordered by Dubrovnik Avenue in the north, Germany Avenue in the west, Ukrajinska Avenue in the south and Sarajevska Road in the east.
It has a population of 9,166 (2009).
It is best known for its farmers' market. The neighborhood is also the site of the largest dog park in Zagreb, opened in 2012. Utrine is served by ZET tram lines 6, 7, 8 and 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18706799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706799" title="Vegayammapeta">
Vegayammapeta

Vegayammapeta is a village in the municipality of Ramachandrapuram, East Godavari, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Geography.
Vegayammapeta is 2 km east of Draksharama, on the road to Yanam. Its purely agricultural village, main crops are paddy and sugarcane.
Religion.
The village is home to Hindu temples dedicated to Rama, Shiva and Venkateswara.
There are also a number of temples dedicated to the local village goddesses Gollalamma and Yellaramma. The festival of Gollalamma is celebrated every three years, in January. The Sankranthi festival and the festival of Yellaramma are celebrated annually in April or May.
The village has mythological importance in Hindu history.
There are two (2) sivalayams in this village which were very historical and famous.
Recently Gollalamma talli festival celebrated in January 2013
Diwanam.
The ZAMINDARS of vegayammapeta built this in the year 1897 named VADREVU ZAMINDARS, who ruled this village along with 13 other nearby villages by collecting tax from the villagers onbehalf off BRITISH GOVERNMENT.
Education.
The local senior school is the Sri Mahalakshmamma Hindu high school, which has been in operation since the 1927s which was established by vadrevu zamindars.

</doc>
<doc id="18706804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706804" title="Keith Critchlow">
Keith Critchlow

Keith Barry Critchlow (born 16 March 1933) is an artist, lecturer, author, and professor of architecture in England, and a co-founder of the Temenos Academy.
Biography.
Critchlow was educated at the Summerhill School and the Royal College of Art. He performed national service in the Royal Air Force from 1951 to 1953.
Having been originally trained as a classical painter, he has authored many books on geometry, including "Order in Space", "Islamic Pattern as a Cosmological Art", and "Time Stands Still". He has also contributed the forewords to English editions of works by Titus Burckhardt, Frithjof Schuon, and others.
Critchlow was formerly a lecturer at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London for twelve years, and had been a professor of Islamic Art at the Royal College of Art in London from 1975 for many years. He founded Visual Islamic and Traditional Arts (VITA) school in 1984, which moved from the Royal College of Art to The Prince's Institute of Architecture in 1992–3, where he was director of research. The institute later evolved into The Prince's Foundation, within which Prince's School of Traditional Arts was housed. He is a professor emeritus at VITA and serves as director for research. He also taught at the The Prince's Foundation for the Built Environment in London.
He is a leading expert in sacred architecture and sacred geometry and founded Kairos, a society which investigates, studies, and promotes traditional values of art and science. He served there as director of studies.
Critchlow's architectural work includes the Krishnamurti Study Centre in England, the Lindisfarne Chapel in Crestone, Colorado, in the United States with a special design for the vaulting of the dome, and The Sri Sathya Sai Institute of Higher Medical Sciences in Puttaparthi, India. Isaac Tigrett, who had founded the Hard Rock Cafe enterprise, secured Critchlow’s aid to design a hospital in the Prasanthi Nilayam ashram in Puttuparthi. Critchlow's use of sacred geometry played a major role in these architectural designs and projects.
He is president of the Temenos Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="18706838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706838" title="List of level crossing accidents">
List of level crossing accidents

The following list is of accidents that occur at a level crossing; in other words, this list only includes railway accidents that occur at-grade and not separated from other traffic by bridges and overpasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18706849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706849" title="York Beach, Maine">
York Beach, Maine

York Beach is an unincorporated beach community within the town of York, Maine, United States. The York Beach area consists of Long Sands and Short Sands beaches on the Atlantic Ocean in the Gulf of Maine. The two beaches are separated by Cape Neddick. Cape Neddick and York Beach together comprise the Cape Neddick census-designated place, with a year-round population of 2,568. The town of York consists of the communities of York Beach, Cape Neddick, York Harbor, and the village of York, and in its entirety has 12,529 residents; in the summer months the population in the area jumps to an estimated 52,000 people.
Beaches.
There are two main beaches which make up the York Beach area. 
Long Sands Beach – This is one of the two beaches making up the York Beach town. Long Sands Beach is long and provides beach-goers with a large area for enjoying the water. It is home to the locally famous Sun N Surf Restaurant and the Anchorage Inn.
Short Sands Beach – This is the other beach and is located on the north side of Cape Neddick, home of Cape Neddick Light, locally known as "Nubble Light". This is a much shorter beach, with a more densely developed downtown area that is full of historic buildings and stores. The area is full of arcades, shops, restaurants, and nightlife fun for the whole family. Attractions include the Goldenrod, the Fun-O-Rama, and York's Wild Kingdom.
Special events.
York Days - An annual event which takes place around the downtown York Beach area. York Days takes place on a weekend in early August every year. Events include a craft fair, a soft-ball tournament, and a large fireworks display on the last Sunday of the weekend. It is a fun weekend near the end of the summer and is a tourist attraction for many people visit the area.
Lighting of the Nubble - Nubble Light is lit up twice a year with Christmas lights. The first time is known as "Christmas in July", and takes place around the time of July 25 every year. The second is the "Annual Lighting of the Nubble", and takes places in December to honor the actual holiday sseason.
Locations of interest.
Cape Neddick Light, also known as Nubble Lighthouse. Construction began in 1876 and cost $15,000. It was first illuminated on July 1, 1879. The lighthouse was originally red but has been painted white since 1902. The distinctive red house was also built in 1902. The tower stands tall. The lighthouse became automated in 1987.
Goldenrod – Established by Edward and Mattie Talpey in 1896 on the very location it stands today. Known for their world famous Goldenrod Kisses, saltwater taffy, the Goldenrod is a signature place of York Beach. It has large front windows for customers to see the taffy being made.
York’s Wild Kingdom – This family-oriented zoo and amusement park is located in downtown York Beach. It sits on and consists of a ferris wheel, 75 animal exhibits, 18 rides, five food and ice cream stands, and two gift shops.
Union Bluff Hotel - This hotel has stood on the Union Bluffs since being built in 1875 by a pioneer named Moses French. The area around the hotel greatly expanded due to tourism in the late 1870s; and the location of the Union Bluff hotel was perfect for tourists to stay. The original Union Bluff Hotel was one of the oldest wooden buildings in York Beach until the original building was destroyed by fire in 1987. It was rebuilt in just two years, in 1989; and has been the same ever since. The hotel underwent multiple name changes, they included: The Wahnita (c. 1900's), The York Plaza Hotel (c. 1930's), and The Union Bluff Hotel (c. 1976).
Government.
York Beach is a portion of the town of York, which has a council-manager form of government.

</doc>
<doc id="18706851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706851" title="Laeva">
Laeva

Laeva is a village in Tartu County, Estonia. It's the administrative centre of Laeva Parish.

</doc>
<doc id="18706852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706852" title="Roy Romain">
Roy Romain

Royston Isaac "Roy" Romain (27 July 1918 – 19 December 2010) was a British swimmer who competed in the Olympic games in 1948 in London. He was educated at Forest School, Walthamstow. He competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in men's 200 metres breaststroke, but did not win a medal, despite having gone into the competition with the year's fastest time. He began swimming at the age of nine or ten and continued into his 90s, winning the world Masters Swimming competitions in his 70s and 80s.

</doc>
<doc id="18706868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706868" title="Kevin Sullivan (operative)">
Kevin Sullivan (operative)

Kevin Sullivan was the White House Communications Director, also known as the Assistant to the President for Communications, from July 24, 2006 until January 20, 2009. From April 2005 he was the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Outreach at the U.S. Department of Education.
Biography.
Education.
A native of the Chicago area, Sullivan earned a bachelor of science in management from Purdue University and earned a MA in mass communication from Iona College, New Rochelle, New York. He serves on the advisory boards of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute and the Wayborn School of Journalism at the University of North Texas.
Professional career.
Before his role in the White House, Sullivan was assistant secretary for communications at the Department of Education. He had previously worked as a chief spokesperson and media relations executive at NBC Universal. He has a background in sports public relations for NBC and prior to that for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association. Sullivan was recognized five times by the media as Outstanding Public Relations Director in the NBA’s Western Conference and received the NBA’s 2004 Splaver/McHugh Tribute to Excellence Award.
In January 2009, he was replaced by Ellen Moran when President Barack Obama took office.
Following his departure from the White House Sullivan founded Kevin Sullivan Communications, a
strategic communications consulting firm. He is a frequent guest co-host of "Polioptics," the political communications show heard on SiriusXM's POTUS channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18706882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706882" title="Percy Evans">
Percy Evans

Percy Stanbrook Evans (20 July 1894–17 January 1959) was a Chinese-born English cricketer who played five first-class games for Worcestershire in 1928.
Evans made only one significant contribution, when on debut against Glamorgan he took 3-84, dismissing Dai Davies, Frank Ryan and Dennis Sullivan.
He never took another wicket. His batting was hopeless, and he never surpassed the 5 he scored in the first innings of that debut game.

</doc>
<doc id="18706888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706888" title="Philippa Goslett">
Philippa Goslett

Philippa Goslett (born in 1974) is a British screenwriter. In 2000, she won the Euroscript Screen Story Competition.
Her first feature "Little Ashes" (2009) is being directed by Paul Morrison, who was nominated for an Academy Award in 1999 for his film "Solomon and Gaenor". Little Ashes is a film about the life and loves of artist Salvador Dalí, poet Federico García Lorca and filmmaker Luis Buñuel. It was shot in 2007, mainly in Barcelona, and is a Factotum Barcelona, Aria Films, APT Films and Met Film production. The title of the film is taken from the name of one of Dalí's paintings. 
The potentially controversial interpretation by Goslett stars Robert Pattinson as Dalí, a 21-year-old London-born actor best known to cinema audiences as Cedric Diggory in the Harry Potter series. Lorca is played by Spanish actor Javier Beltran, while the role of Buñuel is taken by Matthew McNulty, who was in "Control", the recent biopic of Joy Division singer Ian Curtis.

</doc>
<doc id="18706892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706892" title="Arab Argentine">
Arab Argentine

An Arab Argentine is an Argentine citizen or resident alien whose ancestry traces back to any of various waves of immigrants, largely of Arab cultural and linguistic heritage and/or identity, originating mainly from what is now Lebanon and Syria but also there are some individuals from the twenty-two countries which comprise the Arab world such as Morocco. 
Although a highly diverse group of Argentines — in ancestral origins, religion and historic identities — Arab Argentines hold a heritage that shares common linguistic, cultural, and political traditions.
The majority of the Arab Argentines are from either Lebanese or Syrian background with a smaller amount of Moroccan background. Among Arab Argentines, 784,000 are Muslims. The interethnic marriage in the Arab community, regardless of religious affiliation, is very high; most community members have only one parent who has Arab ethnicity. As a result of this, the Arab community in Argentina shows marked language shift away from Arabic. Only a few speak any Arabic, and such knowledge is often limited to a few basic words. Instead the majority, especially those of younger generations, speak Spanish as a first language.
History.
In the 15th century of the strong legacy left by Moorish Muslims on the Iberian peninsula, there were Muslims of Moorish (Moriscos) of Moroccan North African Berber descent who explored the Americas with Spanish and Portuguese explorers with many settling in Buenos Aires and other Argentine provinces to the north.
In the 19th century, the first Arabs settled in Argentina. Most Arabs who came during this time period were Sirio-Lebanese Arabs (During that time, Syria and Lebanon were one territory). While Arab communities existed by 1864, systematic records did not appear before 1868. From 1891 to 1920, 367,348 people of Arabic heritage immigrated into Argentina. When they were first processed in the ports of Argentina, they were classified as Turks because what is modern day Lebanon and Syria was a territory of the Turkish Ottoman Empire. The causes for Arabs to leave their homeland were an accelerated increase in demographics in Lebanon, the persecution by the Ottoman Turks and the Italo-Turkish War. The Arab immigrants settle in the provinces of Buenos Aires, Córdoba, Salta, Jujuy, Tucuman, La Rioja, San Juan, Mendoza, Santiago del Estero, Misiones, Chaco, and the Patagonia. A large percentage on Arabs settled in the Cuyo region (which is made up of the provinces of San Juan, San Luis, Mendoza, and La Rioja).

</doc>
<doc id="18706898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706898" title="Đỗ Thị Ngân Thương">
Đỗ Thị Ngân Thương

Đỗ Thị Ngân Thương (born March 10, 1989 in Hanoi) is a Vietnamese artistic gymnast. Thương is the 2005 Southeast Asian Games and 2007 Southeast Asian Games champion on the balance beam and 2007 bronze medalist on the floor exercise. Thương competed at the 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, where she did not reach any event final.
Thương participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she became the first gymnast to represent Vietnam in Olympic competition. She competed only in the preliminary round of competition, where among 82 gymnasts, she placed 15th on vault, 51st on balance beam, 79th on uneven bars, 82nd on floor exercise and 59th overall, and did not qualify for the all-around or individual event finals.
On August 15, 2008, the International Olympic Committee announced that Thương had tested positive for the banned substance furosemide. IOC medical commission chairman Arne Ljungqvist stated that Thương’s use of furosemide was likely to be accidental, and the result of receiving poor information on doping restrictions. Nonetheless, she was expelled from the Olympic Games and her athlete accreditation was revoked.

</doc>
<doc id="18706916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706916" title="António Pedro de Brito Lopes">
António Pedro de Brito Lopes

António Pedro de Brito Lopes, aka Toni (born 23 July 1979 in Setúbal), is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for AEK Larnaca F.C. in Cyprus, as a right defender.

</doc>
<doc id="18706919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706919" title="Gary Cooper (third baseman)">
Gary Cooper (third baseman)

Gary Clifton Cooper (born August 13, 1964) was a Major League Baseball player with the Houston Astros.
Early life.
Cooper was born in Lynwood, California.
College career.
Cooper attended Brigham Young University, where he is a member of their Hall of Fame. He was a starter on their nationally-ranked #1 in 1983 and he started nearly every of his 292 games as a Cougar, helping fashion records of 54-11 in 1983, 42-17 in 1984, 44-29 in 1985 and 34-18-2 in 1986. Included in those records were NCAA Post-season Tournament appearances in Tempe, Ariz., in 1983 and Fresno, Calif., in 1985, Western Athletic Conference crowns both those seasons, and WAC division titles in 1983, 1984 and 1985. The product of Mountain View High in Orem set a BYU record of five stolen bases in one game in 1984.
He was named All-America first-team in 1986 and 1985. As a senior he was named WAC Player of the Year. He was a three-time All-WAC division selection. Cooper finished second in NCAA career runs scored (320), fourth in NCAA career hits (349), sixth in NCAA career total bases (612) and set WAC and BYU career records for runs, hits, RBI, stolen bases and walks.
Batting a collegiate career .409, he was drafted in the seventh round by the Houston Astros in 1986. Coop led the Anchorage (Alaska) Glacier Pilots to a third place finish in the National Baseball Congress All-American Tournament in Wichita, Kansas in the summer of 1985.
Professional career.
Cooper was 27 years old when he broke into the big leagues on September 15, 1991, with the Houston Astros. The majority of his playing time was on the triple A level with teams like the Tucson Toros. He also played in the Cincinnati Reds and Pittsburgh Pirates organizations. He played in several AAA all-star games during his 10-year pro career and was named MVP of one of those games as well as being voted Outstanding Player of the Year in the Pacific Coast League.
Gary Cooper was named after his famous namesake, the actor Gary Cooper. Gary currently lives in Utah with his wife April and their 4 children, Taylor, Nikki, Camden and Shea.

</doc>
<doc id="18706920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706920" title="Hollywood Bitch">
Hollywood Bitch

"Hollywood Bitch" is a song by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. It is the second & final single from the group's fifth studio album, "Shangri-La Dee Da". The song was written by vocalist Scott Weiland and bassist Robert DeLeo. During live performances of the song in concert, Robert's brother and guitarist Dean DeLeo performs the backing vocals.

</doc>
<doc id="18706930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706930" title="Judgement of the Judoon">
Judgement of the Judoon

Judgement of the Judoon is a BBC Books original novel written by Colin Brake and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor without an official companion. It was released on 2 April 2009, alongside "The Slitheen Excursion" and "Prisoner of the Daleks".
Synopsis.
The Doctor arrives on New Memphis, specifically, a spaceport known as "Elvis the King Spaceport" which has grown into a vast city-state. It is set to open Terminal 13, but problems develop, and the Doctor faces a lockdown situation. A notorious criminal, the Invisible Assassin, is at large, and Judoon troopers are sent to apprehend him. The Doctor partners with a Judoon Commander and a teenage private detective named Nikki Jupiter. This last character is an homage to the TV series "Veronica Mars", where a young girl works in her father's detective agency.
Audiobook.
An unabridged audiobook was released in June 2010 on download only, read by Nicholas Briggs who provides the voices of the Judoon on the Television series.

</doc>
<doc id="18706945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706945" title="Steven Rudy">
Steven Rudy

Steven Jack Rudy (born August 9, 1978) is a Kentucky politician and agribusiness owner, serving as a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives since defeating longtime Representative Charles Geveden in 2004.
Early life.
Steven Jack Rudy was born to Methodists, parents Jack and Jeanette Rudy of Ballard County on August 9, 1978. Rudy was educated in the Ballard County School system, and graduated from Ballard Memorial High School in 1996. Rudy attended college at the former Paducah Community College (now West Kentucky Community and Technical College) and graduated from Murray State University in 2000 with a Bachelor's degree in Agriculture Education.
Political career.
In late 2003, Rudy declared his candidacy for the 2004 election for State Representative in Kentucky's 1st Legislative House District. Running against Representative Charles Geveden of Wickliffe a former prosecutor and Chair of the House State Government Committee with 17 years of service. Rudy launched a campaign against Rep. Geveden, including sending out mailers before the election stating that Geveden was in favor of many liberal social positions.
On November 4, 2004 Rudy, buoyed by strong returns from McCracken County, defeated Geveden by around 1500 votes, to be the first ever Republican elected to the seat.
Rudy won re-election in 2006 handily, defeating retired Coast Guard veteran Thomas French by over 2000 votes.
In the 2008 session of the Kentucky General Assembly, Rudy introduced legislation that would allow for nuclear plants to be built in Kentucky without having a permanent waste disposal facility, in an attempt to end the state's moratorium on nuclear power plants. The legislation did not pass.
Rudy was challenged in 2008 by McCracken County Circuit Clerk Mike Lawrence, a Vietnam War veteran who has won two Bronze Stars and served as a reservist for 24 years. Rudy won the re-election bid by over 1200 votes.
In the 2009 session of the Kentucky General Assembly Rudy filed the legislation lifting the moratorium on nuclear power plants. The General Assembly adjourned "sine die" without the matter passing the house.

</doc>
<doc id="18706954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706954" title="Mike Ezuruonye">
Mike Ezuruonye

Mike Ezuruonye is a Nigerian actor. He received two nominations for "Best Actor in a Supporting Role" and "Best Actor in a Leading Role" at the African Movie Academy Awards in 2008 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18706961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706961" title="1970–71 California Golden Seals season">
1970–71 California Golden Seals season

The 1970–71 California Golden Seals season was the Seals' fourth in the NHL, but their first as the "Golden Seals". Oakland Athletics owner Charlie O. Finley bought the team in the offseason for approximately $4,500,000. He announced that the name of the team was being changed to Bay Area Seals, but two games into the season changed it again to California Golden Seals, in an attempt to draw fans from across the state of California, in particular from nearby San Francisco. Along with the name change came new green and gold colours, and a new logo and uniforms. 
Several other changes occurred in the Seals' front office after Finley bought the team. Unhappy, General Manager Frank Selke Jr. quit in October 1970. His replacement, Bill Torrey, lasted only a month before resigning himself. Coach Fred Glover took over the responsibilities of General Manager after Torrey's departure in November.
Amidst the shake-up of the Seals from a business point of view the on-ice performance of the team suffered greatly. The team won only 20 games, and had but 45 points, last in the NHL. It was the worst season in their history up to that point in time. 
Captain Ted Hampson was traded to the Minnesota North Stars late in the season, and was replaced by Carol Vadnais.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI= Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1970–71 season:

</doc>
<doc id="18706962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706962" title="Mark Watts">
Mark Watts

Mark Watts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18706966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706966" title="Alice Wadowski-Bak">
Alice Wadowski-Bak

Alice T. Wadowski-Bak (August 8, 1935 – June 14, 2008) was a noted Polish-American artist and creator of wycinanki (paper-cutting). Her most famous work is Wigilia, which has been the cover art of Oplatek sold across the U.S. Ms. Wadowski-Bak’s work has been exhibited at the Albright Knox in Buffalo, the Boston Institute of Contemporary Art and the Pittsburgh Center for the Arts.
Life.
Trained in Buffalo NY, Alice’s art caught the eye of Buffalo Society of Artists president, Polish Arts Club of Buffalo founder and esteemed artist Eugene Dyczkowski. Mr. Dyczkowski offered the young artist a scholarship. Unfortunately for Alice she was not able to accept it at the time. Ms. Bak was able to attend Syracuse University for her master’s of fine art, and completed her studies at the University at Buffalo. She moved to New York City and worked as a book illustrator and fabric designer. Ms. Bak was the art instructor to Caroline Kennedy in the 1960s. The late actor Vincent Price was a fan of her artwork. Ms. Bak, a devout Catholic, also created a painting that was presented to the late Pope John Paul II, and hangs in the Vatican on permanent exhibition. 
After working in New York City, Ms Bak returned to Niagara Falls. She worked with the Polish School at Holy Trinity Church. In 1996 Ms. Bak won the Am-Pol Eagle Citizen of the Year Award for Media. On June 14, 2008 Alice Wadowski-Bak died and is interned at Holy Trinity Cemetery, Lewiston, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="18706968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706968" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, districts, and objects in Crawford County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18706981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706981" title="Kjell Rune Sellin">
Kjell Rune Sellin

Kjell Rune Sellin (born 1 June 1989 in Namsos) is a Norwegian footballer currently playing for Sandefjord.
He came to Rosenborg BK from Norwegian Second Division team Byåsen IL in August 2008. He made his debut for Rosenborg as a substitute in the 4-0 loss against Tromsø IL the same month as he arrived to the club.

</doc>
<doc id="18706988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706988" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Dodge County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dodge County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Dodge County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18706997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706997" title="Women's Progress Commemorative Commission">
Women's Progress Commemorative Commission

The Women's Progress Commemorative Commission is a U.S. bipartisan commission established pursuant to the Women's Progress Commemoration Act (Public Law 105-341, 1998-10-31) under President Bill Clinton. The bill was introduced by Congresswoman Louise Slaughter and Senator Chris Dodd. The commission was tasked with identifying and preserving websites significant to American women's history. It was established in honor of the 150 year anniversary of the Seneca Falls Convention. The commission's first meeting was held 2000-07-12 in Seneca Falls, New York to develop a scope. Subsequent meetings, some sponsored by the National Park Service, included discussions regarding assistance from United State governors as well as problems with data collection.

</doc>
<doc id="18706999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18706999" title="Dong Dong">
Dong Dong

Dong Dong (; born April 13, 1989 in Zhengzhou, Henan) is a Chinese male trampoline gymnast who won the bronze medal in the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, and the gold medal four years later in the 2012 Summer Olympics at London.
Career achievements.
At the 2007 World Championships in Quebec City, he came 2nd in the Individual event.
In the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, he won the Bronze medal.
Dong won the 2009 World Championships Individual Championship in St. Petersburg, Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="18707003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707003" title="Bernhard von Hülsen">
Bernhard von Hülsen

Bernhard Franz Karl Adolf von Hülsen (20 April 1865 – 21 April 1950) was a German general.
On 26 December 1918 after World War I, Hülsen formed the Freikorps (von) Hülsen, a paramilitary unit which participated in the suppression of the Spartacist League in Berlin. In 1921 Generalleutnant von Hülsen commanded units in the Battle of Annaberg in Upper Silesia. In 1922 he published "Der Kampf um Oberschlesien".

</doc>
<doc id="18707004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707004" title="Arthur Barratt">
Arthur Barratt

Air Chief Marshal Sir Arthur Sheridan Barratt KCB CMG MC (25 February 1891 – 4 November 1966) was an officer in the Royal Flying Corps during World War I and a senior commander in the Royal Air Force during World War II. He acquired the nickname "Ugly".
RAF career.
Barratt was commissioned into the Royal Field Artillery in 1910 and transferred to the Royal Flying Corps in 1914. He served in World War I commanding No. 6 Squadron and then No. 49 Squadron before taking over 3rd (Corps) Wing. After the War he became Assistant Commandant at the Royal Air Force College Cranwell and then Staff Officer for Administration at Headquarters No. 3 Group. He was made Commandant at the School of Army Co-operation in 1926 and Air Staff Officer to the General Officer Commanding Shanghai in April 1927 before joining the Air Staff at Headquarters No. 22 Group in November 1927. He went on to be Chief Instructor at the RAF Staff College, Andover in 1929, Air Officer Commanding No. 1 (Indian) Group in 1931 and Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF India in 1932. After that he was Director of Staff Duties at the Air Ministry in 1935 and then returned to the RAF Staff College, Andover, as Commandant in 1936.
He served in World War II as Principal RAF Liaison Officer to the French Air Force and then Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief British Air Forces in France. When he heard that on 14 May 1940, forty of the seventy-one British bombers that had taken off did not return, he is said to have cried. He continued his war service as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at Army Co-operation Command in November 1940 and Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at Technical Training Command in 1943. His last appointment was as Inspector-General of the RAF in 1945 in which capacity he took part in the Victory Parade in June 1946 before retiring in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="18707006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707006" title="Wot a Night">
Wot a Night

Wot a Night is a 1931 animated film. This is the first film in Van Beuren's Tom and Jerry series, later re-issued as "Dick and Larry".
Plot.
In their first film, Tom and Jerry are taxi drivers at the train station on a stormy day, waiting for a fare. A train comes up, and two identical-looking men come out. They both try to get them in the taxi. After the men are settled, Tom drives the men. It rained so much, a frog jumped in to taxi and went back again.
They reach a castle, and the men walk in. Tom and Jerry run to the men to be paid, but are locked inside. Then, a cloud turns into a human-like figure with arms. He then plays crenellations as piano keys, and near towers act as pipes, similar to a pipe organ, and two trees play their own branches like piccolos. As they walk, Tom is mortified as Jerry is interested as a giant bat-like creature appears in front of them.
They come to a room where a skeleton is cleaning itself. After this point, they were sure paranormal things are happening. Odd things that happen include: ghosts standing behind them, finding a skeleton playing a piano while another skeleton dances to the music, a glove dancing, and a blackface quartette of skeletons singing a song, which includes a few lines from versions of "Golden Slippers", such as a "long white robe" and a "starry crown", and to stop gambling.
After these things had happened the two men walk in, and point at Jerry. Jerry lifts his shirt, and he realises he's a skeleton, too. Tom laughs, and he realises he is a skeleton, too. Tom is scared, and both men run for their lives, and the cartoon ends.
External links.
https://archive.org/details/TomAndJerryWotANight Watch or download from Archive.org

</doc>
<doc id="18707011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707011" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Green County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Green County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Green County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18707022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707022" title="Lu Chunlong">
Lu Chunlong

Lu Chunlong (; born April 8, 1989 in Jiangyin, Jiangsu) is a male Chinese trampoline gymnast who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics where he won the Gold medal. Four years later, at the 2012 London Olympics, Lu got the bronze medal while Dong Dong, the bronze medalist from Beijing, won the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707023" title="Willem Jan Knoop">
Willem Jan Knoop

Willem Jan Knoop (Deventer, May 2, 1811 — The Hague, January 24, 1894) was a Dutch lieutenant-general, military historian, and politician. As a young captain of the Dutch General Staff he wrote a rebuttal of the English military historian captain William Siborne's account of the Battle of Quatre Bras and the Battle of Waterloo, published as "History of the war in France and Flanders in 1815" in 1844, in which Siborne disparaged the conduct of the Dutch army at these battles. Siborne's book had caused a furore in the Netherlands as he saw fit to insult the honor of the Dutch army, and of king William II of the Netherlands, who as Prince of Orange had commanded that army at both battles, and was revered as a national hero by the Dutch. As Siborne's book is still in use as a source for Anglophone historiography of the battles, and is still the subject of controversy, Knoop's criticisms are still relevant, and play a role in this controversy.
Biography.
Knoop, a lifelong bachelor, was the son of colonel Willem Hendrik Knoop and Henrica Willemina Hartkamp. He spent his early years in Bruges (his father was military governor there) where he frequented the library of the "Maatschappij der Letterkunde", a Dutch benevolent society, promoting popular education, where he proved a promising autodidact.
He started his military career at age 14 in 1825 as a volunteer in the Sixth Division Infantry in Bruges. In 1829 he was commissioned as a second-lieutenant of infantry. In 1842, with the rank of captain of infantry, he was appointed as professor of strategy, tactics, and military history at the Royal Military Academy of the Netherlands at Breda. (As such he was apportioned to the Dutch General Staff). As a reward for his work there he was made a knight in the Order of the Netherlands Lion in 1845.
Duel.
This was remarkable, because in 1844 he had become involved in a celebrated scandal. Like many contemporary military men, Dutch officers were prone to duelling, though this was a criminal offense. A colleague of Knoop at the Academy, Professor Bolhuis, had quarrelled with a young cavalry officer, and Knoop had been one of his seconds at the ensuing duel. Unfortunately, Bolhuis had been killed at this duel on February 14, 1844, and Knoop had subsequently been arrested for his participation in this "affair of honor." He was court-martialed and acquitted, but after the prosecution appealed to the High Military Court, sentenced to three years in prison. However, he was soon pardoned by King Wiliam II, and apparently his career did not suffer.
The Siborne Controversy.
Though Knoop of course had been only four at the time of the battle, so he had no personal knowledge, he could avail himself of the recollections of many Dutch veterans who had been there, and as a general-staff member he had access to the after-battle reports the Dutch units had made within two days after the battle ended. (These archived reports could have been made available to Siborne, and in one case he appears to have been in actual possession of one, but he never bothered to consult them). As a trained historian, Knoop now started to research these sources and wrote a detailed repudiation of Siborne's book based on all these sources. This book (published with the explicit consent of King William II as a semi-official rebuttal), was received with much enthusiasm in Dutch military circles. When soon thereafter there was a false rumor in the Dutch press that captain Siborne was on his way to demand satisfaction, no less than six officers of horse-artillery spontaneoulsy offered to act as Knoop's seconds, if necessary. But Siborne stayed safely in England.
Knoop's book was soon translated in French and German, and met with much interest in France and Prussia at the time. These translations were sent to the editor of the "United Service Magazine", but no acknowledgement was ever received, at least directly. However, many years later Knoop received an indirect indication that his book "had" registered, when in the February 17, 1855 issue of the English magazine "Athenaeum", in a review of another historical article by his hand (quite unrelated) he was introduced as the man "...who acquired his first reputation by an angry and dashing attack on captain Siborne.". Siborne himself, though not deigning to reply directly to Knoop, wrote an indirect reply in a later edition of his work (reprinted in the modern edition) in which he repeated his bold accusations against the Dutch-Belgian troops, and complained about the tone in Knoop's "pamphlet," which he calls "abusive." In defense of his accusations he just states that these are based on the testimony of the officers he surveyed, implying that the word of a British officer and gentleman ought to suffice.
Siborne's book nevertheless became a celebrated source in Anglophone historiography for many secondary accounts of the battles of Quatre Bras and Waterloo, that faithfully perpetuated the many egregious errors of fact and fabrications (willful or accidental) in Siborne's work. His son, Major-general Herbert Siborne, edited and republished his work and his sources in 1891 as "Waterloo Letters". Of course, Siborne had his detractors in England also (the Duke of Wellington not being the least of them), but his supporters there seem to have the upper hand. Recently the controversy resurfaced with the attack by David Hamilton-Williams, who used Knoop's rebuttal as one of his sources (though not for his accusations of fraud aimed at Siborne). This apparently earned Hamilton-Williams the enmity of many Siborne-fans, and an avalanche of mostly "ad hominem" attacks. Of course, because Knoop was favorably mentioned by Hamilton-Williams (though he misspelled his name) he also was drawn into the modern controversy. An example is the attack by Peter Hofschröer, a defender of Siborne, on a minor point in Knoop's book in the article linked in the External Links.
Further career.
Knoop's military career progressed apace. Though his scholarly work at the Academy did not seem to prepare him for great military advances, he was promoted to colonel in 1858, commanding a regiment at Breda. In 1861 he was promoted to major-general, commanding divisions in Limburg and Noord-Brabant until he temporarily went into politics in 1869. He was a Liberal, unlike many of his colleagues, and as such not very popular with king William III of the Netherlands (who had succeeded his father William II in 1850). Probably because of his political leanings he had been offered the post of Minister of War in a Liberal Cabinet in 1862, but he declined. In 1869 he stood for the Second Chamber of the States-General of the Netherlands and was elected. This required that he temporarily resigned his commission. But he was recalled to duty during the mobilisation of the Dutch army at the crisis of the Franco-Prussian War of 1870, during which the Netherlands maintained an armed neutrality. For that reason he had to resign his seat in parliament, as serving officers cannot sit in Dutch parliament. He retired as a lieutenant-general of infantry in 1872.
During his entire career Knoop was a recognized authority on military history. In 1847 he became a contributor to the literary magazine "De Gids" that published many scholarly articles on historical subjects. As such he became a friend and colleague of the eminent Dutch historian Robert Fruin, with whom he sometimes had friendly disputes. He was the editor-in-chief of the Dutch military history journal "Militaire Spectator" from 1849 till 1869. His renown as a historian earned him a membership of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1857.
He also was president of the "Vereeniging tot beoefening van de krijgswetenschap" (Society for military arts and science) for many years.
In retirement he remained very active as a military scholar, writing many articles, and eventually publishing eleven volumes in a standard work on stadtholder William III. A listing of his works, and many of those articles, are available online in the Digital library for Dutch literature (see External Links).
Knoop died almost eighty-three years old in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="18707041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707041" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Kenosha County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kenosha County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Kenosha County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18707048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707048" title="Hülsen">
Hülsen

Hülsen is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18707058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707058" title="He Wenna">
He Wenna

He Wenna (; born 1989-01-19 in Xinluo, Longyan, Fujian) is a female Chinese trampoline gymnast. She competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she won the gold medal with a score of 37.80.
She won a gold medal in the team event at the 2007 Trampoline World Championships and 2009 Trampoline World Championships. In 2009, she also won a silver medal in Individual. In the 2011 Trampoline World Championships, she won both Team and Individual Gold medals and secured a place for China in the Olympics.
In the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was leading after the preliminary round but fell on her out bounce at the end of her routine and ended in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="18707061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707061" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Washington County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18707066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707066" title="Teteven dialect">
Teteven dialect

The Teteven dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, which is part of the Balkan group of the Eastern Bulgarian dialects. It is spoken in the town of Teteven and several neighbouring villages and is almost completely surrounded by the Central Balkan dialect, except on the west where it borders on the Western Bulgarian Botevgrad dialect. The most significant feature of the dialect, as in all Balkan dialects, is the pronunciation of Old Church Slavonic (yat) as or , depending on the character of the following syllable.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
Most of the other phonological and morphological characteristics of the Erkech dialect are similar to the general features typical for all Balkan dialects, cf. article for details.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_izt_2.htm#tetevenski]

</doc>
<doc id="18707085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707085" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Waupaca County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waupaca County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Waupaca County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18707087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707087" title="140 Grime St">
140 Grime St

140 Grime St is the third studio album by British rapper Kano, released on 29 September 2008. The first single to be released from this album was the song Hustler, which Kano described as "the perfect single (as it explains so much)". Other songs from the CD include "Anywhere We Go", "I Like It" and the autobiographical "Aim For The Sky", in which Kano describes his rise to commercial prominence.

</doc>
<doc id="18707094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707094" title="Chroicocephalus">
Chroicocephalus

Chroicocephalus is a genus of medium to relatively small gulls which were once included in the genus "Larus". Some authorities also include the Saunders's Gull in "Chroicocephalus". The name is derived from the Greek "chroa" (colour) and "cephalus" (head).
References.
http://en.allexperts.com/q/Greek-2004/2008/11/Etymology.htm

</doc>
<doc id="18707109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707109" title="Plaza Substation">
Plaza Substation

The Plaza Substation was an electrical substation that formed a part of the "Yellow Car" streetcar system operated by the Los Angeles Railway from the early 1900s until 1963. After being threatened with demolition in the 1970s, the Plaza Substation was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
Construction of the substation.
In May 1903, Henry Huntington, owner of the Los Angeles Railway, announced plans to build a new substation near the old plaza. The "Los Angeles Times" reported: "Another mammoth electricity substation is to be constructed by the Los Angeles Railway Company. Its location will be on the Plaza, and its completion will mean a long step forward toward the perfection of a system that already is surpassed by few in this country." By 1905, the substation was operating, and the "Times" ran an article detailing the relationship between the railway's four substations and its central power station at Sixth Street and Central Avenue. The "Times" described the role of the Plaza Substation this way:"From this place of manufacture, so to speak, the current is distributed to four other substations scattered over the city, known respectively as the Plaza, University, Westlake and South Park substations. In these there are no oil furnaces, boilers, or steam engines; only the electric current itself has to be dealt with, so that there is economy on the score both of plant and of labor. The central station, besides generating the electricity, also performs the work of a substation. It sends out about 40 per cent of the power used for the operation of the street cars on the Los Angeles Railway Company's system. The Plaza station, distributes the next 40 per cent used, while the three others combined account for the remaining 20 per cent."
Closure of the Yellow Car system.
When the Yellow Cars stopped running in 1963, the building located along the city's old Mexican marketplace, Olvera Street, was converted to other uses. However, critics of the structure argued it was out of keeping with the pre-1900 flavor of Olvera Street and sought to remove it. In 1971, the Pueblo park's historian, Dr. Doyce Nunis, issued a report stating that the substation had "no identifiable historic value". Dr. Nunis wrote: "There was no identifiable distinguished architect involved (and) the design was commonplace."
Debate over preservation.
After receiving the historian's report, the city's Recreation and Parks Commission (with the support of Mayor Tom Bradley) voted 4-1 to demolish the building and replace it with a Mexican market and storage facility. At that point, "Los Angeles Times" architecture writer John Pastier published an article titled: "How Do You Make a Historical Monument? Tear Down a Historic Building?" Pastier noted that the Plaza Substation was the largest and most distinctive of the three surviving Yellow Car substations and urged the city to adapt the utilitarian structure into a tasteful tourist attraction as San Francisco had done with Ghirardelli Square and the Cannery. The State Park Department's director also stepped in opposing what he called the city's plan to turn the "historic" park into an "amusement" park. However, even the writers at the times were divided over preservation of the substation, as another columnist sided with the city and wrote:"Saving the MTA Powerhouse in the Plaza is another debatable project. Is it worth a continuing place along Olvera Street because it was a substation for our early transit system? Because it survives as a sturdy example of good contractor's performance? Because it sits near so much important history? I think the substation is an excellent example of the way conserving can become a disease."
A group called Californians for Preservation Action filed a lawsuit seeking to prevent the building's demolition, and a state court judge issued a restraining order halting the demolition. Ultimately, the Plaza Substation was saved, and funds set aside for its rehabilitation, as part of a settlement agreement reached in 1978.
Historic designation.
The substation is one of the two buildings in the Los Angeles Plaza Historic District that is itself separately listed in the National Register of Historic Places, having been so listed in September 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="18707111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707111" title="Peter North (pornographer)">
Peter North (pornographer)

Peter North (born Alden Brown on 11 May 1957) is a Canadian-born U.S. pornographic actor, director, dancer and producer.
Early life.
North is originally from Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. He relocated to California in 1982, where he resides in Newport Coast.
Career.
In a 1996 interview published in North's hometown newspaper, the Halifax Chronicle-Herald, he stated that he was "discovered" while modeling athletic wear at a private party in Los Angeles in the early '80s. A man within the adult industry, whom North did not name, attended the party, was impressed by North's physique and gave him his business card.
North states that he "entered the adult business in the spring of 1984 by accident. I was approached to do it but never really contemplated it or even thought I would be in the adult business". Initially, North performed in gay pornography under the name Matt Ramsey. He later transited to straight pornography and became an in-demand performer. He is noted for his ability to ejaculate large amounts of semen. In many films, usually during scenes where his female costars are performing oral sex on him, he deposits large amounts of his semen on their faces at orgasm, which in the porn industry is known as a "facial". Many women who have starred with North have commented that they are unable (or unwilling) to swallow all of his ejaculate due to the volume.
North has appeared in over 2,500 adult films and also directed more than 70 movies (notably, his "North Pole" and "Anal Addicts" series), most of them between 1998 and 2007. He also produced over 20 movies, including 15 in the "North Pole" series. In 2001, he successfully launched his own production company, Northstar Associates.
Peter North appeared as "The Pit Boss" in the music video for the song ""Been To Hell"" by the rap rock band Hollywood Undead, along with pornographic performer Britney Beth (also known as Bibi Jones).
Achievements, scandals and legacy.
North became involved in the U.S. government's 1986 investigation of Traci Lords' under-age involvement in the industry. Lords was under-age when she made most of her movies, including several sex scenes with North. The government eventually dropped the investigation.
In 1994, North had a book published, a guide to meeting and bedding beautiful women entitled "Penetrating Insights".
Veteran pornographic star Christy Canyon confirmed a long-standing rumor in her 2003 autobiography "Lights, Camera, SEX!", revealing that North does not like to have his hair touched during a scene, as it causes him to lose his concentration.
North is a member of the X-Rated Critics Organization (XRCO) and the Adult Video News (AVN) Hall of Fame.
Stage name.
It is unclear where his pseudonym "North" originated. It may refer to his Canadian or northern roots. Writer Steven Strager speculated that North's stage name, like that of many other male pornographic actors, "expresses the controlling "man-as-penis" metaphor while precisely articulating the masturbator's big-dick fantasies.". "Peter North Stars" is also the name of a competition level, New York based hockey team which is sponsored by North.
Photography project.
In 2004, North was featured in a book and film project, "Thinking XXX" by photographer Timothy Greenfield-Sanders who took photographs of 30 stars of adult movies, each pair of photographs in the same pose, clothed and nude. The film of the same name, which was made for HBO, chronicled Greenfield-Sanders' photography of his subjects, and includes interviews with them.

</doc>
<doc id="18707116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707116" title="Mejia (surname)">
Mejia (surname)

Mejia or Mejía, also written as Mexia, Mejias, Megías or Mejías, is a Spanish surname of Jewish origin meaning messiah. It was first found in Galicia - an autonomous community in northwestern Spain, after the Spanish obliged the Jewish settlers to change their surname to Castillian.
List.
Lionel Meja (born 1938), Salvadorian, President of Chamber of Commerce

</doc>
<doc id="18707123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707123" title="Carmen Electra">
Carmen Electra

Tara Leigh Patrick (born April 20, 1972), better known by her stage name Carmen Electra, is an American glamour model, actress, television personality, singer, and dancer. She gained fame for her appearances in "Playboy" magazine, on the MTV game show "Singled Out", on the TV series "Baywatch", and dancing with the Pussycat Dolls, and has since had roles in the parody films "Scary Movie", "Date Movie", "Epic Movie", "Meet the Spartans", and "Disaster Movie".
Early life.
Carmen Electra was born in Sharonville, Ohio near Cincinnati to Harry Patrick, a guitarist and entertainer, and his wife Patricia (d. 1998), a singer. The youngest of six children (four brothers and one sister, plus her), Electra attended Ann Weigel Elementary School and studied dance under Gloria J. Simpson at Dance Artists studio in Western Hills until age nine, when she enrolled in the School for Creative and Performing Arts (SCPA), a magnet arts school in the Cincinnati Public School District. There, she was an older classmate of Nick Lachey, with whom she appeared in a production of "Peter Pan". Electra, who told People Magazine in 1997 that she'd "wanted to dance on Broadway," graduated from Princeton High School in Sharonville in 1990, having transferred there from SCPA two years prior. 
Electra has Irish, German and Cherokee ancestry, and was incredibly close to her family. She said of her mother, "My mom was my rock," and described her older sister Debbie as being "like a second mother to me." After Debbie moved to Illinois, Electra said her life "revolved around my mom. She was my best friend, in my life 24/7 whether I wanted her there or not."
Career.
Electra started her professional career in 1990 as a dancer at Kings Island amusement park in Mason, Ohio, in the show "It's Magic", one of the more popular shows in the park's history. In 1991, she moved to California and met Prince. Soon after, Electra signed a recording contract with Prince's Paisley Park Records and began a short-lived singing career. During her time at Paisley Park Records, she officially became known as "Carmen Electra".
In 1995, Electra started appearing in television shows. In May 1996, she was featured in a nude pictorial in "Playboy" magazine, the first of several. This exposure led to higher profile television appearances, including "Baywatch" (cast member in 1997–1998, as Leilani "Lani" McKenzie) and MTV's "Singled Out". She returned to "Baywatch" for the 2003 reunion movie, "".
Electra was featured in "Playboy" four more times: June 1997, December 2000, April 2003, and the January 2009 anniversary issue. She was on the cover of the last three of these issues.
Electra has appeared in films including "American Vampire" (1997), "Good Burger" (1997), "The Mating Habits of the Earthbound Human" (1999), the horror spoof "Scary Movie" (2000), "Meet the Spartans" (2008), "Scary Movie 4" (2006), "Epic Movie" (2007), "Date Movie" (2006), "Disaster Movie" (2008), the remake of the 1970s TV show "Starsky & Hutch" (2004) and "Cheaper by the Dozen 2". She won an MTV Movie Award (best kiss) for "Starsky & Hutch". She also appeared in an episode of "House" (series 1, ep. 21), in which she portrayed herself as an injured golfer and an injured farmer, playing out House's fantasy.
In 1999, she appeared in the Bloodhound Gang's music video of "The Inevitable Return of the Great White Dope". In 2005, she joined the voice cast of the animated series "Tripping the Rift", replacing Gina Gershon as the voice of the sexy android "Six". Also in 2005, she began the Naked Women's Wrestling League, acting as the commissioner for the professional wrestling promotion. In late 2006, Electra began to be featured in commercials by Taco Bell.
Electra's video game work includes appearing as characters in "" and is one of the celebrity challenges in the video game "ESPN NFL 2K5". Electra has produced exercise videos and equipment. Her "Carmen Electra Aerobic Striptease" is a five-disc DVD series that combines teaching classic stripping moves with a low impact cardio workout, which also stars Jon Eby. She also endorses the Electra Pole, a pole dancing kit released in January 2008.
In 1997, Electra modeled for the covers of the comic books "Razor and the Ladies of London Night" by London Night Studios. Electra appeared in commercials for "Maxim" Men's Hair Color products (2004–2005). In 2006, Electra signed on as the spokesmodel for Ritz Camera Centers, appearing in their television and print ads with CEO David Ritz. She is featured in some video spoofs of lonelygirl15 that advertised "Epic Movie". That same year she appeared as the face and spokesperson for Max Factor cosmetics in their television and print ads. In 2007, Electra became a published author with the release of her book, "How to Be Sexy". 
Electra appeared as a guest judge on "So You Think You Can Dance" Season 8 on July 6, 2011. She appeared along with regular series judges Nigel Lythgoe and Mary Murphy and fellow guest judge Travis Wall. In 2012, Electra joined "Britain's Got Talent" as a guest judge for the auditions staged in London, she acted as a replacement for Amanda Holden, who was absent due to complications following child birth.
Personal life.
In the 1990s, Carmen Electra was romantically linked with musicians Tommy Lee of Mötley Crüe and Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit. 
In 1998, Electra was dating NBA star Dennis Rodman when in August her mother and sister died within weeks of each other. She and Rodman wed in November 1998 at Little Chapel of the Flowers in Las Vegas, Nevada. Nine days later, Rodman filed for annulment, claiming he was of "unsound mind" when the pair wed. Electra explained, "It's easy to get caught up in a moment. You think it's romantic, but then you realize, "God, we did it in Vegas?" It's like getting a cheeseburger at a fast-food restaurant." The couple reconciled and celebrated New Year's Eve together, but four months later they mutually agreed to end their marriage in April 1999 under "amicable circumstances."
Five years later, Electra gave an interview to "Glamour" in which she admitted that she married Rodman in 1998 in direct response to the numbing emotional pain and personal tragedy she experienced losing her older sister Debbie and mother in rapid succession that August:
I was just going through the motions. I was completely numb. At the time, I was dating Dennis Rodman. He was such a fun person to be around, and we went out every night. I remember thinking, this is my out. I'm just going to have fun, and I'm not going to worry about anything. Right after my mom and sister died, I flew to Las Vegas and Dennis and I got married. I guess I was trying to cling to whatever I had. I'd lost my mom and my sister; I didn't want to lose anyone else. We were married for about five months. When I started going through some really hard times with Dennis, I became addicted to feeling that pain instead of dealing with my feelings about my mom and sister. But at some point, I realized I had to stop blaming him. So I got out of my marriage and started reading a lot of self-help books and watching Oprah . And one day Oprah said, "In order to heal, you have to feel." At that moment I realized I wasn't letting myself feel what I needed to.
On November 22, 2003, Electra married Dave Navarro, lead guitarist for the rock band Jane's Addiction. The couple documented their courtship and marriage in an MTV reality television show called "". On July 17, 2006, she and Navarro announced their separation, and Electra filed for divorce on August 10, 2006; it was finalized on February 20, 2007.
In April 2008, Electra's representative confirmed that she was engaged to Rob Patterson, a member of the nu metal band Otep and hard rock band Filter. Despite remaining engaged for several years, the couple did not wed and in 2012, she appeared as one of the celebrity bachelorettes on the TV dating show "The Choice". Electra briefly dated Simon Cowell from December 2012 to February 2013.
Electra is godmother to Lyrik London, the son of actor Jeremy London and his estranged wife Melissa Cunningham.
Charity work.
Carmen Electra organized a fundraiser for Head to Hollywood, a non-profit organization which offers support to brain tumor survivors. Other charities which she supports include Elevate Hope, a charity which supports abused and abandoned children, and the HollyRod Foundation, which provides medical, physical, and emotional support to those suffering from debilitating life circumstances, especially Parkinson's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18707171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707171" title="Cuidaré de Ti">
Cuidaré de Ti

Cuidaré de Ti (English: "I'll Take Care of You") is the fourth album of the Colombian christian singer, Alex Campos, released on July 29, 2008 by CanZion Group LP. This album is based mostly on God talking to you through songs and God giving you hope. It is a rock type of album, different from his previous albums. This album was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Christian Album (Spanish Language) and the songs "As the Color of Blood" and "Tell me, were nominated for Best Music Video and BEst Collaboration, respectively in Premios ARPA.

</doc>
<doc id="18707180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707180" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Marathon County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marathon County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Marathon County listed on the National Register of Historic Places

</doc>
<doc id="18707192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707192" title="Baklava">
Baklava

Baklava (, , or ; also baqlawah) is a rich, sweet pastry made of layers of filo pastry filled with chopped nuts and sweetened with syrup or honey. It is characteristic of the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire, but is also found in Central and Southwest Asia. 
Name.
The word baklava is first attested in English in 1650, a borrowing from Ottoman Turkish . The name baklava is used in many languages with minor phonetic and spelling variations.
The origin of the name is unknown. Buell argues that the word "baklava" may come from the Mongolian root "baγla-" 'to tie, wrap up, pile up' composed with the Turkic verbal ending "-v"; baγla- itself in Mongolian is a Turkic loanword.
Though the suffix "-vā" might suggest a Persian origin, the "baqla-" part does not appear to be Persian. Another form of the word is also recorded in Persian, باقلبا (bāqlabā).
The Arabic name is doubtless a borrowing from Turkish, though a folk etymology, unsupported by Wehr's dictionary, connects it to Arabic بقلة 'bean'.
History.
Although the history of baklava is not well documented, there is evidence that its current form was developed in the imperial kitchens of the Topkapı Palace in Istanbul based on a Central Asian Turkic tradition of layered breads.
The tradition of layered breads by Turkic peoples in Central Asia suggests the "missing link" between the Central Asian folded or layered breads (which did not include nuts) and modern phyllo-based pastries like "baklava" would be the Azerbaijani dish "Bakı pakhlavası", which involves layers of dough and nuts. The Uzbek "pakhlava", "puskal" or "yupka", and Tatar "yoka", sweet and salty savories ("boreks") prepared with 10–12 layers of dough, are other early examples of layered dough style in Turkic regions. The thin phyllo dough used today was probably developed in the kitchens of the Topkapı Palace.
The Sultan presented trays of baklava to the Janissaries every 15th of the month of Ramadan in a ceremonial procession called the "Baklava Alayı".
One of the oldest known recipes for a sort of proto-baklava is Güllaç, also found in Turkish cuisine. It consists of layers of phyllo dough that are put one by one in warmed up milk with sugar. It is served with walnut and fresh pomegranate and generally eaten during Ramadan. The first known documentation of Güllaç is in a food and health manual written in 1330 that documented primarily Mongol-Turkic foods called Yinshan Zhenyao (飮膳正要), which was written by Husihui (忽思慧) who was a Turkic physician to the Mongol court of the Yuan dynasty 
Other theories about baklava's origins include: 
Preparation.
Baklava is normally prepared in large pans. Many layers of phyllo dough, separated with melted butter, are laid in the pan. A layer of chopped nuts—typically walnuts or pistachios, but hazelnuts are also sometimes used—is placed on top, then more layers of phyllo. Most recipes have multiple layers of phyllo and nuts, though some have only top and bottom pastry.
Before baking, the dough is cut into regular pieces, often parallelograms (lozenge-shaped), triangles, or rectangles.
A syrup, which may include honey, rosewater, or orange flower water is poured over the cooked baklava and allowed to soak in.
Baklava is usually served at room temperature, often garnished with ground nuts.
Regional variations.
In Turkey, baklava traditionally is made by filling between the layers of dough with pistachios, walnuts, almonds (parts of the Aegean Region) or a special preparation called "kaymak" (not to confuse with kaymak). In the Black Sea Region hazelnuts are commonly used as a filling for baklava. The city of Gaziantep in southeast Turkey is famous for its pistachio baklava and regarded there as its native city, though it only appears to have been introduced to Gaziantep from Damascus in 1871. In 2008, the Turkish patent office registered a geographical indication for Antep Baklava, and in 2013, Antep Baklavası or Gaziantep Baklavası was registered as a Protected Geographical Indication by the European Commission.
In many parts of Turkey, baklava is often topped with kaymak or, in the summer, ice cream (milk cream flavour, called ""kaymaklı dondurma"").
In the Balkans, it is a popular dessert. It is also made on special occasions, especially by Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan and Eid ul-Fitr, and by Christians during Pascha and Christmas.
In Albania, the dough may include egg yolks, and the filling uses walnuts.
In Bulgaria, Serbia and Macedonia, baklava is made with walnuts and sugar syrup.
In Greece, baklava is supposed to be made with 33 dough layers, referring to the years of Christ's life. 
In Armenia, paklava is made with cinnamon and cloves.
In Azerbaijan, pakhlava is mostly prepared during the Nowruz festivity. After preparation the pakhlava is cut into diamond shapes and each piece is garnished with an almond or a walnut.
In Afghanistan and Cyprus, baklava is prepared into triangle-shaped pieces and is lightly covered in crushed pistachio nuts.
In Georgia, baklava is made with honey, sugar, walnuts, vanilla, butter, and sour cream.
In Iran, a drier version of baklava is cooked and presented in smaller diamond-shaped cuts flavored with rose water. The cities of Yazd and Qazvin are famous for their baklava, which is widely distributed in Iran. Persian baklava uses a combination of chopped almonds and pistachios spiced with cardamom and a rose water-scented syrup and is lighter than Middle Eastern versions.
In Israel, baklava is made of phyllo pastry sheets, nuts, such as pistachios, walnuts, hazelnuts, and almonds, sweet butter, clove, sugar, cinammon, and the syrup combined with orange and lemon rind.
In Jordan, baklava is made of dough layers filled with nuts, such as pistachios, and sugar or honey syrup.
In Lebanon, baklava is made of filo pastry filled with nuts and steeped in Attar syrup (orange or rose water or sugar) or honey. It is usually cut into triangular or diamond shapes.
In Syria, baklava is prepared from phyllo dough sheets, butter, walnuts and sugar syrup. It is cut into lozenge pieces. Baklava from Aleppo is made with the local pistachios and samna from Hama.

</doc>
<doc id="18707195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707195" title="Naresh Mehta">
Naresh Mehta

Naresh Mehta is a Hindi writer. There are over 50 published works in his name, ranging from poetry to plays. He received several literary awards, most notably the Sahitya Akademi Award in Hindi in 1988 for his poetry collection "Aranya " and the Jnanpith Award in 1992.
Among the numerous schools of poetry which sprang up in the 1950s was "Nakenwad", a school deriving its nomenclature from the first letters of the names of its three pioneers - Nalin Vilochan Sharma, Kesari Kumar, and Naresh Mehta.

</doc>
<doc id="18707196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707196" title="So You Think You Can Dance (U.S. TV series)">
So You Think You Can Dance (U.S. TV series)

So You Think You Can Dance is an American televised dance competition show that airs on Fox in the United States and is the flagship series of the international "So You Think You Can Dance" television franchise.
The series premiered on July 20, 2005 with over ten million viewers and ended the summer season as the top-rated show on television. SYTYCD was created by "American Idol" producers Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe and is produced by 19 Entertainment and Dick Clark Productions. The first season was hosted by current American news personality Lauren Sánchez. Since the second season, it has been hosted by former British children's television personality and one-time game show emcee Cat Deeley. During its second season, the program remained the No. 1 rated summer show (adults aged 18–49) but it has declined in ratings since.
The show features a tiered format wherein dancers from a variety of styles enter open auditions held in a number of major U.S. cities to showcase their unique styles and talents and, if allowed to move forward, then are put through additional rounds of auditions to test their ability to adapt to different styles. At the end of this process, a small number of dancers are chosen as finalists. These dancers move on to the competition's main phase, where they perform solo, duet, and group dance numbers in a variety of styles. They compete for the votes of the broadcast viewing audience which, combined with the input of a panel of judges, determines which dancers advance to the next stage from week to week. The number of finalists has varied as determined by a season's format, but has typically been 20 contestants.
The show features a broad variety of American and international dance styles including classical, contemporary, ballroom, hip-hop, street, club, jazz, and musical theatre styles, amongst others, with many sub-genres within the categories represented. Competitors attempt to master these styles—which are generally, but not always, assigned by a luck-of-the-draw system—to survive successive weeks of elimination. The eventual champion wins a cash prize (typically $250,000) and the title of "America's Favorite Dancer". In nine seasons, the winners have been Nick Lazzarini, Benjamin Schwimmer, Sabra Johnson, Joshua Allen, Jeanine Mason, Russell Ferguson, Lauren Froderman, Melanie Moore, Eliana Girard, Chehon Wespi-Tschopp, Amy Yakima, and Du-Shaunt "Fik-Shun" Stegall with Girard and Wespi-Tschopp sharing the title as dual-winners for season 9 and Yakima and Stegall as the winners of season 10. The show has won seven Emmy Awards for Outstanding Choreography and a total of nine Emmys altogether.
Spin-offs were announced starting in August 2005 and to date 25 localized adaptations of "So You Think You Can Dance" have been produced representing as many countries.
Show format.
A typical season of So You Think You Can Dance is divided between a selection process, during which expert judges select competitors from a wide pool of applicant dancers, and a competition phase, during which these 'finalists' (more typically referred to as the 'Top 20') compete for votes from home viewers. Though it is produced over the course of months, the selection phase is highly edited and usually constitutes only the first 2–4 weeks of aired episodes, with the competition episodes forming the remaining 8–9 weeks of the season.
Open auditions.
The open auditions, the first stage in determining a seasons finalists, take place in 5–6 major U.S. cities each season and are typically open to anyone aged 18-30 at the time of their audition. The cities where auditions are held change from season to season but some, such as Los Angeles and New York, have featured in most seasons. During this stage, dancers perform a brief routine (typically a solo, but duet and group routines are allowed as well) before a panel of dance experts, usually headed by series creator and executive producer Nigel Lythgoe. This panel then decides on-the-spot whether the dancer demonstrated enough ability and performance value to proceed further. If the dancer exhibited exceptional ability in their performance, judges award a "ticket to Vegas," moving them instantly one step forward in the competition. Alternatively, if judges are on the fence about the dancer, they will ask the contestant to wait until the end of that day's auditions to participate in a short test of their ability to pick up professional choreography.
Vegas week callbacks.
The second stage of the selection process – referred to as "the callbacks" or "Vegas Week" (after the city of Las Vegas, where it has been held since season 2) is a several-day-long process in which the remaining hopefuls are tested for overall well-rounded dance ability, stamina, and their ability to perform under pressure. The dancers are put through a battery of rounds that test their ability to pick up various dance styles (typically some of the more well-represented genres that are later prominent in the competition phase, such as hip-hop, jazz, ballroom and contemporary). Additionally they may be asked to perform further solos in styles of their choosing and, since season 2, participate in a group choreography round in which small teams of contestants must display their musicality and ability to communicate professionally by choreographing a performance to a randomly selected piece of music — this challenge is notable as being the only time competitors are asked to choreograph themselves, aside from solos. Vegas week is often portrayed as one of the most exhausting and stressful stages of the competition; each successive round sees cuts in which a significant portion of the remaining dancers are eliminated from competition and dancers are given a limited amount of time to adapt to styles they are sometimes wholly unfamiliar with while being physically taxed by the rapid progression of rounds and a limited amount of rest. At the end of this process, usually less than 40 competitors remain in a pool that final contestants are chosen from. Most seasons have featured 20 top finalists for the competition portion of the show, but Season One was represented by a Top 16 and Season Seven saw a Top 11.
Finalist selection and showcase episode.
Following Vegas Week—which has, through video vignettes, made many of the dancers increasingly familiar to the audience as it observes their attempts to cope with the challenges of the week—the judge's panel selects their finalists from the remaining dancers, breaking the good or bad news to each dancer. Since Season six, the series has also featured a showcase episode that takes place immediately before the main competition. In this showcase, dancers compete for the first time on the main "SYTYCD" stage in Los Angeles before a live audience. The dancers dance duet or group routines, but only in their own styles and no dancers are in danger of elimination at this point. In seasons eight and nine, the finalist announcement episode and the dancer's showcase have been combined into one episode, with groups of dancers taking to the stage for the first time immediately after they are revealed.
Top 20 to Top 10.
Following the finalist selection process, the show transitions into its regular competition phase, which lasts the rest of the season. The competition stage is divided into 8–9 weeks, with two contestants eliminated per week (or in the case of season 7, one contestant). Dancers are paired-up — in some seasons at random, and in others by judges — into male-female couples that will stay paired for half of the remaining competition if neither is eliminated. These couples perform 1–2 duets per week in randomly selected styles. These duets, as with all non-solo performances at this stage in the competition, are choreographed by professional choreographers, who are often noteworthy names in their own genres or American dance culture at large. Prior to most duet performances, a video packet of clips of the couple preparing to perform the routine is shown; these packets are intended not only to demonstrate the couple's efforts to master the routine, but also to give glimpses of the personalities of the dancers as well as to allow the choreographer to give insight as to the thematic, narrative, and artistic intentions of the piece. Following each duet performance, the week's panel of judges gives critical feedback, often emphasizing the two key areas of technique and performance value. These duets and their accompanying video packets and critiques typically take up the majority of a competition show but may be supplemented by solos or group numbers during the later portion of the season. Each competition show ends with a quick recap of the night's routines accompanied by on-screen reminders of the telephone numbers by which at-home viewers can vote for the contestant(s) of their choosing and it is at this point that those lines open to receive votes. As of Season 8, voting can also be performed online. Performance shows typically last two hours, commercials included.
In seasons 2-8 the show's weekly format was split between two episodes, a performance episode, as described above, and a results show which reveals the outcome of the at-home-viewer voting. Results shows typically aired on the night immediately following that of the performance show of the same week and usually opened with a group routine from the remaining contestants. The main purpose of this show was to determine which of the dancers are eliminated that week, but these episodes generally also featured guest dance performances or guest musical acts, and sometimes video packets that provide insight on the dancers and their journey on the show; Lythgoe has commented that the group routines and occasional guest performances will be included in the singular weekly episodes of season 9. Regardless of how many shows air per week for a given season, a bottom three couples (those that garnered the fewest votes from viewers) are typically revealed weekly at this stage in the competition. Each of these six dancers are then in danger of elimination and must perform a solo for the judges as their last effort to impress and stay in the competition. The judges then retire briefly (typically during the night's headlining musical guest performance) 
to determine which man and woman (which are not necessarily from the same couple) will leave the competition. The eliminated dancers are then announced and given a brief send-off via a video montage. If the dancers who were eliminated were not from the same couple then the two remaining members form a new couple for the following week's performances. On two occasions, the judges, unwilling to send any of the bottom dancers home on the merits of their performances that week, have abstained from making an elimination and instead allowed all competitors to proceed to the next week, which would be followed by an elimination of the double the usual number of competitors. Results shows have varied in length from one to two hours, commercials included. In season one there was no results show and the dancers' eliminations were pre-recorded the week they occurred and then broadcast at the beginning of the next week's episode. Season nine has marked a return to the one-episode-per-week format but differs in that contestants eliminations will be revealed at the end of an episode, when voting from the previous week is revealed, but only after the dancers have performed the new week's routines and been given another chance to impress the judges.
Top 10 to Finale.
Around the time that the show enters its 'Top Ten' competitor phase, there are typically several format changes that take place. Couples are split up and new pairings are formed for each of the remaining weeks (though some couples may be paired up more than once). Additionally, voting is usually then cast for individual dancers rather than couples (in season nine, dancers will be voted for on an individual basis from the start). Lastly, the judges often give up their power to save dancers at this point, and eliminations are determined exclusively by viewer votes, with judges serving in only an advisory capacity - in seasons 2-6, a results show was still shown the following night to reveal the results of the vote, though it featured a bottom four dancers as opposed to a bottom three couples once the Top 10 stage was reached. Each season undergoes one final format shake-up in its last week, which typically takes place when the show reaches a Top 4 (though season six saw a Top 6 finale and season seven a Top 3). In the final performance show, the remaining dancers typically each dance duets with all of their remaining fellow finalists as well as perform solos and participate in group numbers. The following night's season finale episode is often the most elaborately produced show of a season and features the last performances of the competitors, encore performances of many of the season's most acclaimed routines, guest dancers (including returning past season competitors and cast-members from other international versions of the franchise), musical performances and multiple video packets chronicling the course of the season's events, all culminating in the announcement of the winner of the competition, as decided by the previous night's vote. In the first 8 seasons, a singular winner was announced, of which there have been four women and four men over the course of the series; since season 9, two winners have been crowned, one man and one woman. Following the closure of the season, the Top Ten dancers often go on tour for several months, performing hit routines from the season amongst other performances.
Variations.
While the above describes the most likely format for a given season, there have been notable variations in how various seasons have been arranged. While most seasons have seen 20 top finalists, season 1, being slightly shorter in length than all following seasons, saw only a Top 16, and its final performance show had an improvisational segment that was never again seen on the show. Aired in the fall (as opposed to the summer as with most other seasons), Season Six saw some cuts to its average air time per episode and ended at a Top Six rather than a Top Four. Season Seven featured a number of different format tweaks, several of which have not been featured in any other season; rather than featuring a Top 20 with two eliminations per week, Season seven had a Top 11 and sent home only one dancer per week, ending with a Top 3 finale. Season Seven also saw the introduction of 'All-Stars', former contestants who return in a non-competitive role to pair with new competitors for some of their routines. Seasons Eight and Nine saw a return to the Top 20 format but also continued to use All-Stars after the competition reached the Top Ten phase.
Judges.
The judging panel has also varied considerably (in terms of both size and composition) over the run of the series. Typically a season has 2–3 permanent judges with an additional 1–2 guest judges for most episodes, with the panel ballooning up to 6–9 members for Vegas Week and the finale. Executive producer Nigel Lythgoe is the only permanent judge on the panel for all nine seasons. Other permanent judges have included ballroom specialist Mary Murphy, film director and choreographer Adam Shankman and contemporary choreographer Mia Michaels. Guest judge positions are typically filled by choreographers who work regularly on the show—though choreographers will never develop routines for an episode on which they judge—who in rare cases may also be former contestants themselves, and by iconic names from the entertainment industry. Guest judges for the show have included: Debbie Allen, Christina Applegate, Robin Antin, Toni Basil, Cicely Bradley, Kristin Chenoweth, Alex Da Silva, Ellen DeGeneres, Tyce Diorio, Joey Dowling, Napoleon and Tabitha D'umo, Carmen Electra, Brian Friedman, Jean-Marc Généreux, Jason Gilkison, Neil Patrick Harris, Hi-Hat, Katie Holmes, Dan Karaty, Lady Gaga, Lil' C, Rob Marshall, Mandy Moore, Megan Mullally, Kenny Ortega, Toni Redpath, Debbie Reynolds, Wade Robson, Doriana Sanchez, Shane Sparks, Sonya Tayeh, Olisa Thompson, Stacey Tookey, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, and Travis Wall. There has been some variation in how long into a season the judges have retained their ability to make the ultimate decision on who is eliminated from week to week; in earlier seasons this ability was typically lost around week 5 of the competitive phase of the show, but in seasons seven through nine the judges have retained this ability until relatively late in the competition, at week 7.
Overview of format and presentation by season.
<br>
† In both seasons 7 and 8, the judges decided not to eliminate any dancers on the occasion of one results show; in both cases this event was followed by the elimination of double the normal amount of contestants the following week. Similarly, for format reasons, season 9 featured two shows with double eliminations, with four dancers eliminated instead of two for each of these shows.<br>
‡ For seasons 8-10, the dancer showcase episode has been combined with the Top 20 reveal episode, with groups of the dancers performing immediately after being revealed as finalists.
Dance styles and choreographers.
Over the course of its nine seasons, "So You Think You Can Dance" has featured dozens of distinct dance styles in its choreographed routines. Most of these styles fall into four categories that are regularly showcased and can be found in almost every performance episode: western contemporary/classical styles, ballroom styles, hip-hop/street styles, and Jazz and its related styles. Various other forms of dance that do not especially fall into these broad categories are seen as well, but not as regularly. The following styles have all been seen in a choreographed duet or group routine; styles featured only in auditions or solos are not listed.
Classical styles.
Routines from the classically derived style of contemporary dance are the most common dances seen on the show, being seen in every performance episode of the series (and typically at least twice per episode). While contemporary, lyrical, and modern dance are typically considered three separate (if overlapping) styles, the practice on "So You Think You Can Dance" has been to refer to all routines in this area as "contemporary", except in the first season where the label "lyrical" was used for the same purpose. Ballet routines occur much more rarely, at a rate of one or two per season since their introduction in the fourth season.
Street and club styles.
Hip-hop routines are also present in every performance episode. While these routines frequently feature elements from many different sub-genres of hip-hop (locking and popping, for example) and various "street" styles (such as "breaking)," they are typically all labelled under the umbrella term of "hip-hop." An exception is the now frequently featured "lyrical hip-hop", which is unique amongst all the styles on SYTYCD in that it is the only one that is held to have become a known distinct style at least in-part as a result of the show; the style is widely attributed to regular show choreographers Tabitha and Napoleon D'umo and the term itself to judge Adam Shankman. These two broad categories are occasionally supplemented by krump routines, which have been featured a few times a season since their introduction in season 2. Additionally the styles of breakdancing (in the sense of a full breaking routine as opposed to a hip-hop routine with a few breaking tricks), waacking, and stepping have all been featured in exactly one routine.
Ballroom styles.
Ballroom styles are also seen regularly in every performance episode; these dances may be traditional European-derived styles or Latin-American styles or a mix of the two.
Jazz, Broadway, and musical theater styles.
Jazz is featured in nearly all performance episodes. While these routines are typically labelled simply "Jazz", the genre is notable as being one of the most fusional featured on the show and various style combinations and sub-categories have been referenced. Descended from Jazz but treated as a separate genre on "SYTYCD", "Broadway" is analogous to the label "Musical Theater" outside the U.S.
American social styles.
These dance styles are featured less frequently than their ballroom relatives, but have been seen intermittently since the first season.
Regional/traditional styles.
In addition to the broad categories above, many more styles that are less common in the U.S. are sometimes featured. Most of these are seen only once, but the Bollywood style has been featured several times per season since the fourth season.
Seasons.
Grand Finalists.
Season 6's finale featured six grand finalists.
Season 7's finale featured three grand finalists.
Season 9 onward features one male winner and one female winner.
Season 2.
The second season premiered on May 12, 2006. The top 20 finalists were revealed on June 8, and the winner, Benjamin Schwimmer, was named "America's Favorite Dancer" on August 16, 2006 after 16 million votes were collected for the season finale. Travis Wall was the first runner-up, and Donyelle Jones was named second runner-up. There were several changes to the show's format in the second season. This season was the first to feature two episodes per week, splitting the bulk of the performances and the voting results segments between two nights. New styles of dance were also introduced, and the winning prize was increased from US$100,000 to $250,000 and also included a new car and a one-year contract to perform in a Céline Dion show then performing Las Vegas. The season was also the first followed by a live tour for the top ten dancers.
Season 3.
Open auditions for season 3 began early October 2006, held in New York City, Chicago, Los Angeles, and Atlanta. Like the previous season, those that made the cuts moved on to Las Vegas. The taped auditions premiered on the Fox on May 24, 2007, and the subsequent shows were taped and broadcast live for a 12-week season. Cat Deeley returned as host, and Nigel Lythgoe returned as permanent judge. Joining Lythgoe permanently at the judging table was Mary Murphy; her promotion was reported by "TV Guide" on March 8, 2007. The prize for the winner was increased to $250,000 cash. On the performance finale show (August 16, 2007), it was announced that the series had been picked up for a fourth season. Sabra Johnson was named "America's Favorite Dancer," while Danny Tidwell (brother of season 2 runner-up Travis Wall) was named runner-up.
Season 4.
Auditions for Season 4 began in Texas on January 17 and took place in six locations through March 2008. The show kicked off its two-hour season premiere on May 22, 2008. Cat Deeley returned as host and Nigel Lythgoe and Mary Murphy as permanent judges. This season saw the introduction of new dance styles, including Bollywood, and new choreographers, including hip-hop duo Tabitha and Napoleon D'umo. The prize for the winner was again $250,000 cash and the title of "America's Favorite Dancer" and additionally included an offer for a role in the dance film "Step Up 3D". In the finale, viewers voted Joshua Allen as the overall winner, while Katee Shean was voted the top female dancer and was given a previously unannounced award of $50,000.
Season 5.
Auditions for Season 5 kicked off in New York City on November 13, 2008 and continued on to Miami, Los Angeles, Denver, Memphis, and Seattle. The premiere aired on May 21, 2009. Louis van Amstel joined the show's cast of choreographers and Shane Sparks returned to choreograph while on break from "America's Best Dance Crew". The prize for the winner was once again $250,000 cash, the chance to be on the November 2009 issue cover of Dance Spirit Magazine, and the title of "America's Favorite Dancer." On August 6, 2009 (the finale), Jeanine Mason was given the title.
Season 6.
After a low-rated special episode of "Dance" featuring Lythgoe presenting his and viewer's favorite dance routines from seasons 1–5, the sixth season of "Dance," premiered on Wednesday, September 9, 2009. Auditions were held in Boston, Atlanta, Los Angeles, New Orleans, Phoenix, and Salt Lake City. Adam Shankman joined as the permanent judge for the first time this season. The winner was Russell Ferguson and the runner-up was Jakob Karr.
Season 7.
Auditions began in Miami, Florida, on January 18, 2010, continuing through New York, Dallas, Nashville, and Chicago, ending in Los Angeles on March 26. The season premiered on May 27, 2010. This season introduced significant format changes to the show, with a Top 11 dancers instead of the traditional Top 20 and "All-Stars", contestants from previous seasons who returned to partner with the Top 11 for a portion of their routines. Lauren Froderman won this season with Kent Boyd as runner-up.
Season 8.
Auditions started October 13, 2010 in Oakland, California and continued through November 15 in Brooklyn, New York. The premiere aired on May 26, 2011. This season began a new version of the "All-Star" format in which the All Stars didn't come in until the top 10. The show returned to a top 20 with couples. This season also marks the first time that the public can cast votes online, in addition to calling in, with a limit of 50 votes per viewer. On August 11, 2011, it was announced that Melanie Moore was the winner of season 8 and Sasha Mallory the runner-up. Together they received 79% of the 11.5 million votes.
Season 9.
On October 6, 2011, Fox announced that it had renewed "So You Think You Can Dance" for a ninth season, which premiered on May 24, 2012. In January 2012, Lythgoe announced that the result shows had been cut by Fox. On May 18, 2012, Nigel Lythgoe announced that two winners will be crowned: a male and a female. The two winners announced on September 18, 2012 were Eliana Girard and Chehon Wespi-Tschopp.
Season 10.
On December 20, 2012, Fox announced that "So You Think You Can Dance" was renewed for a tenth season. Season 10 premiered on May 14, 2013, in its new Tuesdays at 8 p.m. timeslot. The two-part premiere concluded on May 15, 2013 at 9 p.m., after the finale of "American Idol" season 12. On September 10, 2013, Amy Yakima and Du-Shaunt 'Fik-Shun' Stegall were named the season 10 winners, becoming the first couple to win that were partners from the beginning of the season. Also, no music artists or special dance performers appeared on this season except for all-stars who were former contestants.
Season 11.
On September 10, 2013, during the season 10 finale telecast, Lythgoe announced that "So You Think You Can Dance "was renewed for an eleventh season.
Special show.
On September 2, 2009, as prelude to season 6, a special show aired featuring judge picks for the top 15 routines from the first five seasons. At the end of the show, show creator and judge Nigel Lythgoe presented his favorite performance, a contemporary piece choreographed by Tyce Diorio and performed by Melissa Sandvig and Ade Obayomi.
Ratings.
"So You Think You Can Dance" premiered with over 10 million viewers in 2005. For Season 1, it was the No. 1 summer show on television. However, when NBC's "America's Got Talent" premiered in the summer of 2006, it took the title of "#1 summer show" and, over the past few years, has broadened its lead. In summer 2009, SYTYCD premiered strong with a 3.4 rating in its target demographic, although with the start of "America's Got Talent" roughly a month later in the same timeslot, "Dance" fell to No. 4 on the ratings board. It continued to lose viewers throughout the summer of 2009 and ended up with an average of approximately 8 million viewers. Fox then moved SYTYCD to its fall 2009 schedule where its ratings continued to decline; hitting an all time series low of 4.6 million viewers for a "special" episode hosted by Nigel Lythgoe on September 2, 2009. The move to the fall was short-lived. After dropping to an average of 6 million viewers, Fox moved SYTYCD back to the summer in 2010. With Mia Michaels replacing Mary Murphy and former contestants termed as "all stars" being used as partners, the ratings for "Dance" continued to slide to all-time series lows; dropping to just 5.6 million viewers on July 15, 2010. For Season 7, "So You Think You Can Dance" averaged just over 5 million viewers. Soon after the season 7 finale, it was announced that Mia Michaels would be replaced on the judge's panel by returning personality Mary Murphy. The change appeared to have little effect on the ratings and the show continued to average just over five million viewers per episode in 2011's season 8. Season 9 saw a slight uptick in ratings early on, with each of the season's first five episodes garnering between six and seven million viewers, but the rise was short-lived and the show's ratings hit an all time low of 4.16 million viewers on August 29, 2012.
Influence and international franchise.
Dance competition had been a part of American television for decades before the premiere of "So You Think You Can Dance", but usually in the form of all-around talent searches, (such as "Star Search", "Soul Train", or "Showtime at the Apollo"). However, a season-long American Idol-like talent-search show with a sole focus on dance had never been broadcast on American network television. Producers and judges associated with the show have stated on numerous occasions, both within the context of the show and in interviews, that the series was meant to rejuvenate the visibility and appreciation of dance as an art form in the U.S. and to give exposure to struggling dancers. Series judge Mary Murphy says, for example, "Of course you hope you can make a living at it, because you don't want to give up on something that you do, but the honest truth is most dancers have to carry one or two jobs and dance as much as they can on the side -- it's a very lucky dancer who gets a full scholarship." A number of dance-themed competition shows have been produced for American television since the premiere of "So You Think You Can Dance", including "America's Best Dance Crew", "Superstars of Dance", and "Live to Dance".
In 2009, Lythgoe came together with fellow "SYTYCD" judge Adam Shankman as well as Katie Holmes, Carrie Ann Inaba, and others in the dance entertainment industry, in an effort to launch "The Dizzyfeet Foundation", with the aim of providing scholarships and training to young dancers of limited means. The foundation has been referenced sporadically on the show since. In 2010, Lythgoe, with the assistance of other "SYTYCD" personalities and long-time healthy lifestyles proponent Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton, was successful in getting another of his dance-oriented concepts realized—an official National Dance Day, held now annually on the last Saturday of July, to promote fitness through movement. This national dance day has been celebrated annually by the show since.
Before the end of 2005, the year the series first premiered, its format had already been licensed for the first of a number foreign adaptations. To date, the resulting "So You Think You Can Dance" franchise has produced 25 shows representing as many different countries and comprising 70 individual seasons. These adaptations have aired in Armenia, Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Holland, Israel, Lithuania, Malaysia, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, South Africa, Sweden, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and Vietnam.
See also.
Similar shows:

</doc>
<doc id="18707214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707214" title="Kegelman Air Force Auxiliary Field">
Kegelman Air Force Auxiliary Field

Kegelman Air Force Auxiliary Field is located near the Salt Plains National Wildlife Refuge in Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, across the Great Salt Plains Lake, east of Cherokee, Oklahoma in the United States.
The field has one runway, a fire station, personnel offices and a NEXRAD tower, which is used for weather forecasting for both the military and civilian entities. It is located on .
Currently, Kegelman AFAF is a sub-base of Vance Air Force Base under the control of the 71st Flying Training Wing (71 FTW). The airfield was previously administered by Will Rogers Field, Clovis Army Air Field, Woodward Army Air Field, and Liberal Army Airfield prior to the U.S. Air Force becoming an independent service in 1947. 
Vance AFB student pilots and instructor pilots use the airfield to practice landings in T-6A Texan II aircraft, and refer to the field with the callsign "Dogface".
The installation was first known as the Great Salt Plains Auxiliary Field, but was renamed Kegelman in 1949.
References.
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="18707242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707242" title="Guðjónsson">
Guðjónsson

Guðjónsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Guðjón". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18707292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707292" title="Minimum legal age in Romania">
Minimum legal age in Romania

The following minimum legal ages apply in Romania:
References.
Chamber of Deputies - Constitution

</doc>
<doc id="18707315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707315" title="Norma Oficial Mexicana">
Norma Oficial Mexicana

The Norma Oficial Mexicana (Official Mexican Standard), abbreviated NOM, is the name of each of a series of official, compulsory standards and regulations for diverse activities in Mexico. They are more commonly referred to as "NOMs" or "normas".
The standards are prepared by the "Dirección General de Normas (DGN)" (General Directorate of Standards), which is the body representing Mexico in the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
Examples.
Tequila.
In the case of tequila, Mexico's Tequila Regulatory Council (CRT) regulates production NOMs. The NOM identifier means the tequila meets government standards - but this is not any guarantee of tequila's quality. However, without the NOM stamp of legitimacy, it is not guaranteed that the bottle contains tequila.
All 100% agave tequilas must have a NOM identifier on the bottle. The important laws since 1990 were NOM-006-SCFI-1993 and the later update NOM-006-SCFI-1994 revised in late 2005 NOM-006-SCFI-2005 and the most recent revision in 2012 NOM-006-SCFI-2012.
The number after NOM is the distillery number, assigned by the government. NOM does not indicate the location of the distillery, merely the parent company or - in the case where a company leases space in a plant - the physical plant where the tequila was manufactured.
Environment.
NOM-137-SEMARNAT-2003 - Issued on the "Official Gazette" on April 29, 2003, and related to atmospheric pollution, gas desulfurizing plants and sour condensate, and control of emissions of sulfur compounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18707316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707316" title="Charles Roy Henderson">
Charles Roy Henderson

Charles Roy Henderson ( – ) was an American statistician and a pioneer in animal breeding — the application of quantitative methods for the genetic evaluation of domestic livestock. He developed mixed model equations to obtain best linear unbiased predictions of breeding values and, in general, any random effect. He invented three methods for the estimation of variance components in unbalanced settings of mixed models, and invented a method for constructing the inverse of Wright's numerator relationship matrix based on a simple list of pedigree information. He, with his Ph.D. student Shayle R. Searle, greatly extended the use of matrix notation in statistics. His methods are widely used by the domestic livestock industry throughout the world and are a cornerstone of linear model theory.
Henderson obtained his B.Sc., M.Sc.(nutrition) and Ph.D.(breeding) degrees at Iowa State University, where he was a student of Professor L. N. Hazel. Henderson joined the faculty of the Department of Animal Science at Cornell University in 1948, and headed the Animal Breeding division for nearly 30 years until he retired in 1976. After retiring from Cornell, he was a visiting professor at the University of Guelph and University of Illinois until his death. He completed his book in 1984 at the University of Guelph.

</doc>
<doc id="18707327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707327" title="John L. Jinks">
John L. Jinks

John Leonard Jinks FRS (Stoke-on-Trent, 21 October 1929 – 6 June 1987) was a British geneticist. His untimely death at 57 cut short a distinguished career with many contributions in the fields of microbial genetics, cytoplasmic inheritance, and biometrical genetics.
Career.
He was educated at Birmingham University and remained there for the majority of his career, contributing to the development of biometrical genetics, human behavioural genetics, and supervising a number of students who went on to make their own contributions, among them David Fulker. He was a scientific officer/principal scientific officer in the ARC Unit of Biometrical Genetics from 1953 to 1965. In 1960 he was made an honorary lecturer in the Birmingham University Department of Genetics, eventually becoming Dean of the Faculty of Science and Engineering and Pro-Vice Chancellor. Elected to Fellowship of the Royal Society in 1970 he is best known for his studies of cytoplasmic inheritance and quantitative genetics.
In recounting his own career, Nobel prize winner Sir Paul Nurse recounts how his lack of a foreign language (essential for university study in the UK in those days) had seen him rebuffed from several universities. He met Jinks fortuitously, and, recognising a promising intellect, Jinks smoothed the obstacles from Nurse's path, leading to his successful enrollment and, subsequently, Nobel winning discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin dependent kinases.

</doc>
<doc id="18707333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707333" title="Iraqi Kurdish Civil War">
Iraqi Kurdish Civil War

The Iraqi Kurdish Civil War (Kurdish: Birakujî(31 ab (٣١ ئاب)) = Fratricide(31 August) was a military conflict which took place between rival Kurdish factions in Iraqi Kurdistan in the mid-1990s, most notably the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan vs. the Kurdistan Democratic Party. Over the course of the conflict, Kurdish factions from Iran and Turkey, as well as Iranian, Iraqi and Turkish forces were drawn into the fighting, with additional involvement from the American forces. Between 3,000 to 5,000 fighters and civilians were killed throughout more than 3 years of warfare.
Background.
Autonomy in Iraqi Kurdistan was originally established in 1970 as the "Kurdish Autonomous Region" following the agreement of an Autonomy Accord between the government of Iraq and leaders of the Iraqi Kurdish community. A Legislative Assembly was established in the city of Arbil with theoretical authority over the Kurdish-populated governorates of Erbil, Dahuk and As Sulaymaniyah. As various battles between separatist Kurds and Iraqi governments forces continued until the 1991 uprisings in Iraq, the safety of Kurdish refugees was reflected in the United Nations Security Council Resolution 688 which gave birth to a "safe haven" whereby U.S. and British air power protected a Kurdish zone inside Iraq. (see Operation Provide Comfort). While the no-fly zone covered Dahuk and Erbil, it left out Sulaymaniyah and Kirkuk. This led to a further series of bloody clashes between Iraqi forces and Kurdish troops. Soon, an uneasy and shaky balance of power was reached, and the Iraqi government withdrew its military and other personnel from the region in October 1991. From this point, Iraqi Kurdistan has achieved "de facto" independence to be ruled by the two principal Kurdish parties – the Kurdish Democratic Party and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan – free from the control of Baghdad. The region then adopted its own flag and national anthem.
The Kurds held parliamentary elections in 1992, which held sessions in Irbil. The seats in the parliament were split evenly between Jalal Talabani's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and Massoud Barzani's Kurdish Democratic Party.
Since the Iraqi government had withdrawn its forces from Kurdistan in October 1991, Baghdad had imposed an economic blockade over the region, reducing its oil and food supplies. The Kurdish economy also suffered heavily because a United Nations embargo on Iraq was still in place, preventing trade between Kurdistan and other nations. As such, all trade between Iraqi Kurdistan and the outside world was done through the black market. The PUK and KDP jockeyed each other for control over smuggling routes.
Fighting begins (1994).
Fighting broke out between the two factions in May 1994. The clashes left around 300 people dead. Over the next year, around 2,000 people were killed on both sides. According to CIA agent Robert Baer, members of the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps provided limited support to the KDP and allowed the KDP to launch attacks from Iranian territory.
Attacking Saddam (1995).
In January 1995, CIA case officer Robert Baer traveled to northern Iraq with a five-man team to set up a CIA station. He made contact with the Kurdish leadership and managed to negotiate a truce between Barzani and Talabani.
Within days, Baer made contact with an Iraqi general who was plotting to assassinate Saddam Hussein. His plan was to use a unit of 100 renegade Iraqi troops to kill Saddam as he passed over a bridge near Tikrit. Baer cabled the plan to Washington but did not hear anything back. After three weeks, the plan was revised, calling for an attack by Kurdish forces in northern Iraq while rebel Iraqi troops leveled one of Saddam's houses with tank fire in order to kill the Iraqi leader. Baer again cabled the plan to Washington and received no response. In the meantime, on February 28 the Iraqi Army was placed on full alert. In response, the Iranian and Turkish armies were also placed on high alert. Baer received a message directly from National Security Advisor Tony Lake telling him his operation was compromised. This warning was passed on to the Kurdish and Iraqi allies. With this new information, Barzani backed out of the planned offensive, leaving Talabani's PUK forces to carry it out alone.
The Iraqi Army officers planning to kill Saddam with tank fire were compromised, arrested and executed before they could carry out the operation. The PUK's offensive was still launched as planned, and within days they managed to destroy three Iraqi Army divisions and capture 5,000 prisoners. Despite Baer's pleas for American support of the offensive, none was offered, and the Kurdish forces were forced to withdraw. Baer was immediately recalled from Iraq and briefly investigated for the attempted murder of Saddam Hussein. He would later be cleared.
Renewed fighting (1996).
Although the Kurdish parliament ceased to meet in May 1996, the fragile cease-fire between the PUK and KDP held until the summer of 1996. Talabani concluded an alliance with Iran, and helped Iran conduct a military incursion into northern Iraq on July 28 aimed at the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran.
Faced with the prospect of fighting both Iran and the PUK, Massoud Barzani asked for assistance from Saddam Hussein. Seeing an opportunity to retake northern Iraq, Saddam accepted. On August 31, 30,000 Iraqi troops, spearheaded by an armored division of the Republican Guard attacked the PUK-held city of Irbil, which was defended by 3,000 PUK Peshmerga led by Korsat Rasul Ali, in conjunction with KDP forces. Irbil was captured, and Iraqi troops executed 700 captured soldiers of the PUK and the Iraqi National Congress dissident group in a field outside Irbil.
This attack stoked American fears that Saddam "intended to launch a genocidal campaign against the Kurds" similar to the campaigns of 1988 and 1991. This move also placed Saddam in clear violation of United Nations Security Council Resolution 688 forbidding repression of Iraq's ethnic minorities. In response, Operation Desert Strike begins on September 3, when American ships and USAF B-52 Stratofortress bombers launched 27 cruise missiles at Iraqi air defense sites in southern Iraq. The next day, 17 more cruise missiles were launched from American ships against Iraqi air defense sites. The United States also deployed strike aircraft and an aircraft carrier to the Persian Gulf region, and the extent of the southern no-fly zone was moved northwards to the 33rd parallel.
After installing the KDP in control of Irbil, Iraqi troops withdrew from the Kurdish region back to their initial positions. The KDP drove the PUK from its other strongholds, and with additional Iraqi help captured Sulaymaniyah, on September 9. Jalal Talabani and the PUK retreated to the Iranian border, and American forces evacuated 700 Iraqi National Congress personnel and 6,000 pro-Western Kurds out of northern Iraq. On October 13, Sulaymaniyah is recaptured by the PUK, allegedly with support of Iranian forces.
Turkey enters the war (1997).
Fighting continued throughout the winter between the KDP and PUK. Complicating matters, the anti-Turkish Kurdistan Worker's Party or PKK was present in Iraq. On friendly terms with the PUK, the PKK began attacking ethnic Assyrians and civilians who supported the KDP. In response, Turkish forces launched Operation Hammer in May, in an attempt to root out the PKK from northern Iraq. This operation caused heavy PKK casualties, however the PKK continued to operate in northern Iraq.
On September 25, Turkish forces re-entered northern Iraq. This time they were allied with the KDP and attacked PUK and PKK positions in an attempt to force a cease-fire between the factions. The operation once again resulted in heavy PKK casualties, and a cease-fire was negotiated between the PUK and KDP. 
Despite the cease-fire, renewed fighting broke out along the armistice line between the KDP and PUK in October and November. In this round of fighting, 1,200 combatants were killed on both sides and 10,000 civilians fled their homes. On November 24, 1997, the KDP declared a unilateral cease-fire. The PUK, although not declaring a cease-fire officially, said their group would respect the truce, despite alleging that the KDP had violated the truce by attacking PUK positions on November 25.
Aftermath.
In September 1998, Barzani and Talabani signed the U.S.-mediated Washington Agreement establishing a formal peace treaty. In the agreement, the parties agreed to share revenue, share power, deny the use of northern Iraq to the PKK, and not allow Iraqi troops into the Kurdish regions. The United States pledged to use military force to protect the Kurds from possible aggression by Saddam Hussein. At the same time, implementation of the U.N. Oil-for-Food Programme brought revenue to northern Iraq, allowing for increased standards of living. Iraqi Kurdistan became a relatively peaceful region, before the terrorist group Ansar al-Islam entered the area in December 2001, bringing renewed conflict.
Around a month later, U.S. President Bill Clinton signed the Iraq Liberation Act into law, providing for military assistance to Iraqi opposition groups, including the PUK and KDP.
The KDP estimated that 58,000 of its supporters had been expelled from PUK-controlled regions from October 1996 to October 1997. The PUK says 49,000 of its supporters were expelled from KDP-controlled regions from August 1996 to December 1997.
The PUK and KDP later co-operated with American forces during the 2003 Invasion of Iraq, routing Iraqi forces with the help of American air power and overrunning much of northern Iraq including the cities of Kirkuk and Mosul.
After the invasion, Massoud Barzani was later elected president of Iraqi Kurdistan while Jalal Talabani was elected President of Iraq.

</doc>
<doc id="18707337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707337" title="Party of One (Peter Elkas album)">
Party of One (Peter Elkas album)

Party of One is an album by Peter Elkas, released in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18707338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707338" title="Maurice Nichol">
Maurice Nichol

Maurice Nichol (10 September 1904 – 21 May 1934) was an English cricketer who played 136 first-class matches in the late 1920s and early 1930s. Other than one appearance for the Players in 1931, all his games were for Worcestershire.
Before beginning his first-class career, Nichol had played at minor counties level for Durham. He also had a trial for Surrey,
but in 1928 (having not yet qualified to play in the County Championship) he made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against the touring West Indians at Worcester. Nichol achieved the feat of a hundred on debut by hitting 104, sharing in a stand of 207 with Harold Gibbons.
From 1929 onward, Nichol could play regularly for his county, and in that first full year he managed over 1,400 runs including two centuries and eight fifties. However, 1930 was to prove a more successful season: over the course of the summer he hit five hundreds and seven fifties, including what was to remain the highest score of his career, an unbeaten 262 against Hampshire at Dean Park, Bournemouth.
By 1931 there was talk that he might become good enough to play for England, and indeed he was twelfth man at the Lord's Test against New Zealand that summer,
although he never actually gained a Test cap. He did, however, appear for the Players—also at Lord's—though he failed, making just 4 in his only innings.
Although he made more than 1,300 runs in 1931, he struck only one century, and that winter he was struck down with pneumonia and was in hospital for several weeks.
Although he returned to play in the 1932 season, his form was (perhaps understandably) poor, and he made only five half-centuries and well under 800 runs in the summer.
1933 was another matter entirely, and proved to be Nichol's best. He hit eight hundreds and 11 fifties, and passed 2,000 runs for the season for the only time, finishing with 2,154 at an average of nearly 44.
After a string of frustrations in August, when he repeatedly got a start only to be dismissed before making a really large score, he ended the summer in splendid style, scoring centuries in his last three innings. The sequence began with 116 against Hampshire,
and this was followed by 165 not out versus Glamorgan.
Finally, he hit 154 against Yorkshire.
1933 was also the only year in which Nichol's bowling counted for anything much: he took 16 of his 21 wickets that season.
The 1934 season began rather poorly for Nichol, and after four matches and eight innings he had totaled only 57 runs. He was not to get the chance to make amends: on the second day of the game against Essex at Chelmsford he was found dead in his bed, having died suddenly. At the inquest his death was put down to heart disease, following double pneumonia two years earlier. A post-mortem examination disclosed an abnormally large heart that the doctor said made it almost unbelievable that Nichol lived such a long active life.

</doc>
<doc id="18707343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707343" title="Premantura">
Premantura

Premantura is a town in Istria, Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="18707371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707371" title="Grigorchuk group">
Grigorchuk group

In the mathematical area of group theory, the Grigorchuk group or the first Grigorchuk group is a finitely generated group constructed by Rostislav Grigorchuk that provided the first example of a finitely generated group of intermediate (that is, faster than polynomial but slower than exponential) growth. The group was originally constructed by Grigorchuk in a 1980 paper and he then proved in a 1984 paper that this group has intermediate growth, thus providing an answer to an important open problem posed by John Milnor in 1968. The Grigorchuk group remains a key object of study in geometric group theory, particularly in the study of the so-called branch groups and automata groups, and it has important connections with the theory of iterated monodromy groups.
History and generalizations.
The growth of a finitely generated group measures the asymptotics, as "n" → formula_1 of the size of an "n"-ball in the Cayley graph of the group (that is, the number of elements of "G" that can be expressed as words of length at most "n" in the generating set of "G"). The study of growth rates of finitely generated groups goes back to 1950s and is motivated in part by the notion of volume entropy (that is, the growth rate of the volume of balls) in the universal covering space of a compact Riemannian manifold in differential geometry. It is obvious that the growth rate of a finitely generated group is at most exponential and it was also understood early on that finitely generated nilpotent groups have polynomial growth. In 1968 John Milnor posed a question about the existence of a finitely generated group of "intermediate growth", that is, faster than any polynomial function and slower than any exponential function. An important result in the subject is Gromov's theorem on groups of polynomial growth, obtained by Gromov in 1981, which shows that a finitely generated group has polynomial growth if and only if this group has a nilpotent subgroup of finite index. Prior to Grigorchuk's work, there were many results establishing growth dichotomy (that is, that the growth is always either polynomial or exponential) for various classes of finitely generated groups, such as linear groups, solvable groups, etc.
Grigorchuk's group "G" was constructed in a 1980 paper of Rostislav Grigorchuk, where he proved that this group is infinite, periodic and residually finite. In a subsequent 1984 paper Grigorchuk proved that this group has intermediate growth (this result was announced by Grigorchuk in 1983). More precisely, he proved that "G" has growth "b"("n") that is faster than formula_2 but slower than exp("n""s") where formula_3. The upper bound was later improved by Laurent Bartholdi to formula_4, with formula_5. A lower bound of formula_6 was proved by Yurii Leonov.
Grigorchuk's group was also the first example of a group that is amenable but not elementary amenable, thus answering a problem posed by Mahlon Day in 1957.
Originally, Grigorchuk's group "G" was constructed as a group of Lebesgue-measure-preserving transformations on the unit interval, but subsequently simpler descriptions of "G" were found and it is now usually presented as a group of automorphisms of the infinite regular binary rooted tree. The study of Grigorchuk's group informed in large part the development of the theory of branch groups, automata groups and self-similar groups in the 1990s–2000s and Grigorchuk's group remains a central object in this theory. Recently important connections between this theory and complex dynamics, particularly the notion of iterated monodromy groups, have been uncovered in the work of Volodymyr Nekrashevych. and others. 
After Grigorchuk's 1984 paper, there were many subsequent extensions and generalizations, though no improvement on the upper and lower bounds of the growth of the Grigorchuk group; the precise asymptotics of its growth is still unknown. It is conjectured that formula_7 on the word growth exist, but even this remains a major open problem.
Definition.
Although initially the Grigorchuk group was defined as a group of Lebesgue measure-preserving transformations of the unit interval, at present this group is usually given by its realization as a group of automorphisms of the infinite regular binary rooted tree "T"2. 
The tree "T"2 is realized as the set "Σ*" of all (including the empty string) finite strings in the alphabet "Σ" = {0,1}. The empty string Ø is the root vertex of "T"2 and for a vertex "x" of "T"2 the string "x"0 is the left child of "x" and the string "x"1 is the right child of "x" in "T"2. The group of all automorphisms Aut("T"2) can thus be thought of as the group of all length-preserving permutations "σ" of "Σ*" that also respect the "initial segment" relation, that is such that whenever a string "x" is an initial segment of a string "y" then "σ"("x") is an initial segment of "σ"("y").
The Grigorchuk group "G" is then defined as the subgroup of Aut("T"2) generated by four specific elements "a,b,c,d" of Aut("T"2), that is "G" = <"a","b","c","d"> ≤ Aut("T"2), where the automorphisms "a,b,c,d" of "T"2 are defined recursively as follows:
Thus "a" swaps the right and left branch trees "TL" = 0Σ* and "TR" = 1Σ* below the root vertex "Ø" and the elements b,c,d can be represented as:
Here "b" = ("a","c") means that "b" fixes the first level of "T"2 (that is, it fixes the strings 0 and 1) and that "b" acts on "TL" exactly as the automorphism "a" does on "T"2 and that "b" acts on "TR" exactly as the automorphism "c" does on "T"2. The notation "c" = ("a","d") and "d" = (1,"b") is interpreted similarly, where 1 in "d" = (1,"b") means that "d" acts on "TL" as the identity map does on "T2".
Of the four elements "a, b, c, d" of Aut("T"2) only the element "a" is defined explicitly and the elements "b, c, d" are defined inductively (by induction on the length |"x"| of a string "x" in "Σ*" ), that is, level by level.
Basic features of the Grigorchuk group.
The following are basic algebraic properties of the Grigorchuk group (see for proofs):
The last property of "G" is sometimes called the "contraction property". This property plays a key role in many proofs regarding "G" since it allows to use inductive arguments on the length of a word.

</doc>
<doc id="18707372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707372" title="Ojok-tong">
Ojok-tong

Ŏjŏk-tong is a village located in Uiju, North Pyongan Province, North Korea. It has a population of around 54767 residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18707375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707375" title="Carolyn Elkins">
Carolyn Elkins

Carolyn Elkins is an American poet, award-winning teacher, and editor. She has published three books and over 100 poems in journals in the United States and abroad. Elkins is the associate editor of "Tar River Poetry", the poetry and fiction editor of "POMPA", and a founding editor of Ruby Shoes Press. She received a Mississippi Humanities Council teaching award in 1999 and the Excellence in Teaching Award at Delta State University in 2005, and she has taught in the Poets in Person Program sponsored by the NEH and "Poetry" magazine. She received a B.A. in English from Wells College and an M.A. in English from the University of Tennessee at Knoxville. She lives with her husband Bill Spencer in Cullowhee, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="18707383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707383" title="Priest Point Park">
Priest Point Park

Priest Point Park is a public park located in Olympia, Washington. Established in 1905, it was the city's first waterfront park, providing access to the Budd Inlet of Puget Sound.
History.
In 1848 Catholic missionaries of the Oblates of Mary Immaculate led by Father Pascal Ricard arrived in the South Puget Sound area, claiming the site as St. Joseph's of New Market. Father Ricard and three other French Canadian priests built two or three simple buildings, including a classroom and chapel, along with an orchard and garden. They operated a school for Indian boys from the local Squaxin Island Tribe. The Nisqually, Puyallup and Snoqualmie used the mission as a trading post. The mission closed in 1860, three years after Pascal left.
In 1905 the land became a city park after plans for a housing development fell through. Volunteers labored to clear trails, install landscaping and re-erect the elaborate two-story Swiss-style chalet donated by Leopold Schmidt of the Olympia Brewery. The building first served as the brewery's pavilion at the 1903-04 Lewis and Clark Exposition in Portland, Oregon, and remained at the park until the early 1950s.
Features.
Today the park includes picnic shelters, nature trails, a large playground, basketball courts and public restrooms, as well as a mile of saltwater shoreline along the Budd Inlet of the Puget Sound. Ellis Cove juts into the park, and features a trail lining its perimeter. There is also a formal rose garden.
Birding at the park offers a variety of specifies, including the Northern Flicker, downy and Pileated woodpeckers, Red-breasted nuthatch, and Brown creeper. Osprey nest north of Ellis Cove, and the mudflats and rocky beach host greater yellowlegs, western and Least sandpipers, and Dunlin. Bald eagles and pigeon guillemot frequently fly-by the park, as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18707391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707391" title="Moussa Maâzou">
Moussa Maâzou

Ouwo Moussa Maâzou (born 25 August 1988) commonly known as Moussa Maâzou, is a Nigerien professional footballer who plays as a striker for Vitória de Guimarães.
Career.
Maazou began his senior career as a player with Niger's Army club, ASFAN of Niamey. In 2005–2006 Maazou scored 17 goals. In the 2006–2007 season with ASFAN, he scored 20 goals in 34 matches. In January 2008, Belgian side Sporting Lokeren signed him. He scored six goals in his first nine matches.
On 3 January 2009, Maazou signed a contract with CSKA Moscow. The club paid Sporting Lokeren €4.8m for Maazou. He was immediately loaned back to Lokeren until 1 July 2009. After CSKA qualified for the round of 16 of the UEFA Cup 2008–09, he was called back from the loan and on 12 March 2009 was registered as a CSKA player. After only half a year, he left Russia to sign a six month loan deal with AS Monaco. On August 25, Maazou joined FC Girondins de Bordeaux on a one-year loan, with an option to purchase.
On 20 July 2013, he made his debut with Vitória de Guimarães, in a friendly match against Moreirense.
International career.
Maazou plays for the Niger national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18707395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707395" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Oconto County, Wisconsin">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oconto County, Wisconsin

Buildings, sites, structures, districts, and objects in Oconto County listed on the National Register of Historic Places
This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Oconto County, Wisconsin. The locations of National Register properties and districts (at least for all showing latitude and longitude coordinates below) may be seen in a Google map by clicking on "Map of all coordinates".

</doc>
<doc id="18707397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707397" title="Pňovany">
Pňovany

Pňovany is a village and municipality ("obec") in Plzeň-North District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.
The municipality covers an area of , and has a population of 378 (as at 2 October 2006).
Pňovany lies approximately west of Plzeň and west of Prague.

</doc>
<doc id="18707398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707398" title="Wowser (TV series)">
Wowser (TV series)

Plot.
Wowser is a big white dog who lives with his owner, the Professor. In each episode, Wowser's appetite and the Professor's inventions, along with the interference of their wacky neighbors, results in chaos.
Foreign versions.
The English version was created by Saban Entertainment. Retitled "Wowser", it aired in 1990 on The Family Channel. The dub changed the names of the characters and replaced the original music.
In the UK it aired on Channel 4 in the early 1990s and 2 videos of the series were released in 2 volumes.
The series were also dubbed to Arabic in Jordan, and released throughout many parts of the Arab world. This version named Ka'abool (Arabic: كعبول).
Songs.
Japanese version.
Opening song
"Fly away - Yume no Hikouki" sung by Mitsuko Horie
Ending song
"GO! GO! My Friend" sung by Mitsuko Horie

</doc>
<doc id="18707400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707400" title="Zhang Shuo (gymnast)">
Zhang Shuo (gymnast)

Zhang Shuo (; born January 5, 1984 in Liaoning) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won the individual/group gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707403" title="Stan Cox">
Stan Cox

Stanley Ernest Walter Cox (15 July 1918 – 27 June 2012) was a British athlete who competed in two Olympic games in 1948 and 1952. Born in Wood Green, England, he served with Royal Air Force in World War II before competing in the 10,000 metre event at the 1948 Summer Olympics. Unable to participate in the 1950 British Empire Games, he returned to the Olympics in 1952, although he did not complete his event, the marathon, due to the flu. At the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he suffered a sunstroke and collapsed within two miles (3 km) of the finish. He retired from running in 1956, but continued to work with UK Athletics for several years and was due to participate in the ceremonies of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Early life.
Cox was born on 15 July 1918 in Wood Green, England and began his professional running career in 1939. During World War II, he served in Iraq with the Royal Air Force. After returning to competition shape and qualifying, Cox was only allowed two days off work for the 1948 Summer Olympics, one to observe the opening ceremonies and a second actually to compete.
Olympic career.
In 1948, Cox was the British six mile (10 km) champion, with a time of approximately 29 minutes. In the Men's 10,000 metres competition, he did not receive a medal, placing 7th. He later claimed that he was told by 1924 Olympian Harold Abrahams that he had run an extra lap due to confusion caused by Emil Zátopek, and should have placed 5th instead. In 1952, he was due to compete in the marathon event, but after riding in a drafty aeroplane to the competition, he awoke the day of the race with a paralysed left side. It was later discovered that he was suffering from the flu.
Cox was a Great Britain International from 1939–1956. He had qualified for the 1950 British Empire Games, but his employers threatened to fire him if he attended, so he remained at home. He did, however, compete in the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in the marathon event, but did not receive a medal. During the race he, along with fellow athlete Jim Peters, was afflicted with severe hyperthermia and was taken to hospital after running into a post, with only two miles remaining. His personal best time in the marathon was 2 hours and 18 minutes.
Later life.
After retiring from running in 1956, he worked as a judge with British Amateur Athletics Association. During his tenure at this job, he was hit by a javelin while judging the throw of another competitor, an incident that nearly killed him. Cox, who lived in Felixstowe for nearly 30 years, was seeking to take an active part in the 2012 Summer Olympics and a campaign began to make him a participant in the games' ceremonies. He led a weekly walk group to remain fit and active, walking an average of four miles (6 km) a day, until a year before his death on 27 June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18707424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707424" title="Prosartes trachycarpa">
Prosartes trachycarpa

Prosartes trachycarpa, or Rough-Fruited Fairybells or Rough-Fruited Mandarin, is a member of the genus "Prosartes" of perennial flowering plants in the family Liliaceae. This species was previously placed in the genus "Disporum". The flowers are delicate and hang down. The berry is larger than a Saskatoon, pincherry or chokecherry, about the size of a grocery store cherry or small grape. The rough-fruited fairybell can be found in the same locale as other native fruits such as Saskatoons, and Chokecherries. This perennial is to in height. The leaves alternate and are about to Berries begin yellow, then orange and when fully ripe are red. The surface of the fruit feels fuzzy and velvety. The images of the rough-fruited fairy bell here were photographed as one was climbing up the riverbank of the South Saskatchewan River south of Saskatoon. The first nations ate fairybells, and a previous name was dog feet. 
The species shown, "Prosartes trachycarpa" (rough-fruited fairybell) is found in western Canada. They are listed amongst plants found in the Prince Albert National Park and Riding Mountain National Park and are considered a common range plant of northern Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="18707428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707428" title="Farnous">
Farnous

Farnous is a small town in French Guiana. It has a population of about 886 people.

</doc>
<doc id="18707431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707431" title="Sun Dan (gymnast)">
Sun Dan (gymnast)

Sun Dan (born September 4, 1986 in Liaoning) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won five medals at the 2004 Asian Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships, two of them gold, and has competed at three World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707444" title="Chou Tao">
Chou Tao

Chou Tao (; born March 30, 1988 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won the group gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707459" title="Sui Jianshuang">
Sui Jianshuang

Sui Jianshuang (; born February 1, 1989 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won the gold medal at the 2002 Asian Games in the group event.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707460" title="Joey Harder">
Joey Harder

Joey Harder is a former professional wrestler, also known by his nicknames of The Life of the Party and The Silent Assassin, who mainly worked for independent wrestling promotions on the west coast of the United States. He is best known for working with Pro Wrestling Iron (now defunct), SoCal Pro Wrestling, Battle Ground Pro Wrestling (now defunct) and his two-year career with Empire Wrestling Federation between 2005 and 2007. He wrestled for many of the independent promotions on the West Coast but pirmarly in Southern California. He retired in 2007 to pursue a PhD in Political Science.
Career.
Joey Harder is a graduate of Pro Wrestling Iron’s Tetsu Academy. He was trained in professional wrestling by two of the toughest men in SoCal history, Donovan Morgan and Vinny Massaro, which toughened his body and harden his heart. His debut in professional wrestling was on August 27, 2004 against Ray Kejimura. He began his career by wrestling in the northern California Indy circuit, working for every major promotion in the region. He made a major impact in Prowrestling Iron (PWI), as he was named Rookie of the Year in 2004, where he wrestled in several main events, and even scored a win over Michael Modest. Since graduation from Tetsu Academy, Harder broke arms and bruised faces with his smash-mouth arsenal and his take-no-prisoners attitude.
Pro Wrestling Iron (2004–2005).
Joey Harder joined PWI in the summer of 2004 and made a major impact on the promotion where he wrestled in several main events. Harder broke arms and bruised faces with his smash-mouth arsenal and his take-no-prisoners attitude. Joey Harder named Pro Wrestling Iron (PWI) 2004 Rookie of the Year.
The Tetsu Academy closed on August 31, 2005 with a final Pro Wrestling Iron show at the PWI dojo in Hayward, Californina on August 27, 2005.
Revolution Pro (2004).
In late 2004, Joey began venturing into southern California, where he competed in the Revolution Pro's Ultimate Revolution J Tournament where he made it to the final round.
SoCal Pro Wrestling (2005–2007).
Joey Harder began wrestling in 2005 with a newly formed promotion out of San Diego, California called SoCal. He continued to wrestle for Empire Wrestling Federation where he won and reigned as the EWF Cruiserweight Championship continuously defending his title. The SoCal promoters and fans voted him Rookie of the Year in 2005.
On June 23, 2007 at SoCal Pro’s “Saturday Night Live! Wrestling” in Oceanside Joey Harder continued his long standing rivalry with Hook Bomberry. The night saw Harder picking up his second win while in SoCal by defeating Bomberry.
On July 21, 2007 at SoCal Pro’s “Fantastic 4th Event” in Oceanside saw “The Silent Assassin” Joey Harder paired with “The Black & Red Metalhead” Paranoia for a tag team match. Harder with his tag team partner for the first-time ever would face another first-time pairing of “The So-Cal Kid” Ryan Taylor and ThunderWolf. Harder and Paranoia proved to be a forcible tag team as they defeated Taylor and ThunderWolf.
Joey Harder remained undefeated in both singles and tag team matches while wrestling for SoCal Prowrestling.
Empire Wrestling Federation (2005–2007).
After returning to his home town of Fallbrook, California in 2005; Harder began wrestling for the Empire Wrestling Federation. He managed to achieve early success in the EWF with wins over Bino Gambino and Ryan Taylor. The combination of his hard-hitting, technical style and his arrogant attitude quickly made him a love-him or hate-him wrestler among the fans and his fellow wrestlers.
On June 4, 2005 in San Bernardino, California, Joey Harder made his debut in the Empire Wrestling Federation. Joey was teamed with experienced veteran Bino Gambino for a tag team match against "Mistrust" Rudy Luna and Dan "The Man" Kobrick. Gambino and Harder lost this match.
On September 22, 2005; Joey defeated Bino Gambino, who had only held the Cruiserweight title for 27 days, in San Francisco to win the EWF Cruiserweight Championship Title. Joey let the fans know he was going to be a fighting champion by defending his newly won EWF Cruiserweight Championship title belt over the next 3 consecutive nights. In San Francisco, on September 23, he pinned “Mad” Max Martin. Then in San Bernardino, California; on September 24, he defended the title against Kid Karnage. Joey won the match by pin fall. Later that same evening he would compete in a 10-Man Elimination Match against Dave “The Bruiser”, Dan Kobrick, Brandon Nitro, Bino Gambino, Jason King, Ryan Taylor, Kid Karnage, “Mad” MaxMartin and Vizzion. He would be back in the ring on September 25 in Covino, California, to defending the title against Ryan Taylor. He pinned Ryan to retain the title. He would become the longest reigning EWF Cruiserweight Champion by holding the title for 260 days.
On October 22, 2005; Joey would step back into the ring to defend his EWF Cruiserweight Championship in a 3-Way Dance against Ryan Taylor and Dan “The Man” Kobrick which he defeated. He would defend his title only 6 days later on the 28th in Covina, California against El Dorado and win by pin fall. In EWF’s Halloween Horror series on the 30th and 31st, he would defend his title against J.C. Castro and T.J. Perkins respectively and would pin both men.
Joey would end 2005 with his work cut out for him as he faced off against Rocky Romero and T.J. Perkins, two elite wrestlers in not only the cruiserweight division but in the entire independent professional wrestling circuit, on December 23 in Covina, California in a Triple-threat EWF Cruiseweight Championship Title Match. In a strange turn of events, the fans would see Harder and Romero work as a team to eliminate the explosive Perkins from the match by chops to the pecs, vicious Irish Whips into the corner, compounded by double boots to the chest, and a toss from the ring onto the concrete floor which was enough to debilitate Perkins. The impromptu partnership quickly dissolved when Romero tried to pin Perkins for the victory. The would enrage Harder who quickly turned on Romero with a fury of chops to the chest. With Perkins dazed on the outside of the ring, Harder dodged a superkick from Romero and cinched in his Harder Driver to secure the victory and retain his Cruiserweight Title.
2006 year started with a bang for Harder when he had to defend his Cruiserweight Championship Title against Alex Pinchek at EWF’s New Year’s Retribution show on January 13. This match saw these two superstars start out with excellent chain wrestling and appeared to have each other scouted. Pinchek delivered a relentless attack on the back of the neck of the Champion and the battle spilled out onto the Covina Arena floor. Pinchek went for a belly to back suplex with a bridge for a pinning combination. However, after a botched Northern Lights suplex by Pinchek, the champ executed his Harder Driver and then quickly covered Pinchek for the pin to retain his Cruiserweight title.
On January 27, 2006; Harder had to defend his title against The Human Tornado who had a taste for EWF gold. The Cruiserweight Champion Joey Harder was there for business and nothing else. He attempted a test of strength with Tornado to start the match off but the flamboyant Tornado wanted to play mind games by trying to turn the test of strength into a hip hop snake dance contest. Harder was not amused and busted into the face of the Tornado. Tornado would suffer vicious chops and then be finished off later in the match by Harder’s Harder Driver. Joey Harder would retain his piece of EWF gold – The EWF Cruiserweight Championship Title Belt.
Joey Harder continued to prove his dominance in the Cruiserweight division on February 12 at Total Annihilation in Covina, California when he took on T.J. Perkins. These two men are excellent technical wrestlers and this match proved to be a demonstration of skill and holds. However, Perkins made a costly mistake with a high risk plancha from the top rope and missed Harder. Harder used this opening to go to work with an unrelenting attack on Perkins’ right arm. Harder executed a painful Fujiwara arm bar causing Perkins to tap out thus allowing Harder to retain the gold.
On February 24 in Covina, California; Harder became the longest reigning EWF Cruiserweight Champion, at a consecutive 155 days and counting, when he executed a schoolboy pin with a blatant handful of tights but situated perfectly out of sight of the ref to pin Liger Rivera.
On March 19, Joey Harder faced off against Ryan Taylor in El Monte, California. Taylor went on the offensive early on, which caused Harder to rethink his strategy. He threw Taylor to the outside of the ring and began to work Taylor’s legs to ground the high flyer. Harder power bombed Taylor to the mat and then attempted a moonsault to put away his opponent, but Taylor moved out of the way. With Harder down, Taylor would try to make a comeback with a crucifix submission but Harder reversed into a standing toe hold, which caused Taylor to tap out. Then a few weeks later on April 9, Joey Harder would defeat Hook Bomberry in Covina to retain the title. On April 28, again in Covina, Joey Harder pinned Kid Karnage to retain the Cruiserweight Championship.
On May 14 at EWF 10th Anniversary Extravaganza, Joey Harder stepped into the ring to provide the fans with a non-disappointing sequel match against Ryan Taylor. These two had each other well scouted, countering every move they threw at each other. Taylor seemed to be in top form and had all the right tools to end the dominance of the Cruiserweight division, impressive winning streak, and title reign of Harder. However, Harder caught Taylor off guard with a Boston Crab to end the match. Harder raised his hands in victory and celebrated another successful title dense until the announcer states the match went to a time limit draw and Ryan Taylor never submitted before the time for the match expired which sent Joey Harder’s temper skyward. Harder re-applied the Boston Crab to a helpless Taylor and refused to release him until 4 referees forcible broke the hold. Since the match was a draw, Harder retain the Cruiserweight Championship but for the first time sees a true threat to his reign as EWF Cruiserweight Champion. Then just one week later on the 21st, Joey Harder defeated Ligar Rivera and Hook Bomberry in a Triple-Threat Match to retain his title.
The Summer of 2006 started off on May 27 with Joey Harder in Lytle Creek, California to defend his title against Joey Ryan. Harder retained the title by defeating Ryan by submission. The next night saw Harder facing Ryan Taylor for the 3 time. Harder and Taylor wrestled for 20 minutes to a draw which allowed Harder to retain his title. However; on June 9 at the Covina Classic Joey Harder would once again face Ryan Taylor to defend the EWF Cruiserweight Championship but Taylor pinned Harder to end his 260 day reign as Champion. On July 7 at the Independent’s Day II Show, Harder stepped into the ring with Justin Jackson in a Triple-Threat Match in hopes of reigning the EWF Cruiserweight Championship however Ray Taylor would defeat both men to keep the EWF Cruiserweight Championship Title.
The Summer of 2006 continued with a string of defeats for Joey Harder. On July 16 in El Monte CA, Harder was defeated in a Triple Threat Match with Hook Bomberry and Amgelas. Then on July 28 Harder was pinned by Liger Rivera. Next, on August 11, Harder was pinned by Brandon Nitro.
After a string of loses, Joey Harder took a break from singles action and began wrestling in tag team matches. He joined Hook Bomberry to form the Iron Express tag team. On August 20, 2006; they debut and defeat TNT. Only August 25, Harder teamed with another singles wrestler Angelas to defeat J. Terex III and Willie Mack. However, on September 8, the Iron Express would return to take on La Ola Del Mal (Black Metal and Extreme Loco ) in the EWF Tag Team Championship Title Match. Harder and Hook as the Iron Express defeated La Ola Del Mal to become the new EWF Tag Team Champions which they held for 231 days.
On September 23 in San Bernardino, California; Joey Harder returned to singles competition with a victory over “The Irish Icon” Eric Gobrough.
On October 13, Joey Harder was back in tag team action as part of the Iron Express defending the EWF Tag Team Championship against T.J. Perkins and Rocky Romero. The Iron Express defeated Perkins and Romero to retain the tag team title. Then 2 weeks later in Covina, CA at October Onslaught 2006; the Iron Express continued their winning streak with a victory over Los Chivos. Then on November 10 at Bloodlust II, Joey faced the man that handed him is first lose and cost him the EWF Cruiserweight Championship Ryan Taylor in a Tag Team Title match. Joey Harder and Hook Bomberry as the Iron Exrpess and current EWF Tag Team Champions defeated NWA’s British Commonwealth Champion Paul Tracy and EWF’s Cruiserweight Champion Ryan Taylor to retain the tag team titles.
Joey Harder while still part of the Iron Express and holder of the EWF Tag Team Championship returned to singles matches on November 24 as part of the Thanksgiving Throwdown. Harder competed in the Inland Title Series. In Round 1, Joey Harder and T.J. Perkins wrestled to a draw. December 1 saw Joey Harder in Round 2 of the Inland Title Series against Jason King. Harder jumped King from behind at the beginning to the match and continued to use roughneck tactics on King. However towards the end of the match sensing things were looking pretty bad for King, Johnny Paradise threw a chair into the ring. King nailed Harder with a Shinning Wizard through the chair. The referee disqualified Jason King which gave Joey Harder the win by disqualification. In Round 3 of the Inland Title Series on December 15, the members of the Iron Express would face off against each other. Hook excepted Joey to lie down for him but Joey refused. In the early part of the match, Harder began to outshine his partner. After Bomberry shot Harder into the corner, Harder countered it with a float over and when he came down he damaged his leg. Bomberry was quick to use this injury to his advantage to launch a brutal attack on Harder’s injured leg with what seemed to be little care about his tag partner or the future of the tag team championship. The end of this thrilling match came when Bomberry went for his Michinoku Driver but Harder floated over and picked Bomberry’s legs and put him into a Lion Tamer which forced Bomberry to submit and gave Harder the win. After the match, Harder offered to shake his tag partner’s hand but Bomberry refused but after some persistence on Harder’s part they shook hands. The final match in the Inland Title Series was held on January 5, 2007 between Joey Harder and T.J. Perkins. The two started the match with a hand shake, surprisingly initiated by Joey. The two battled it out on the mat where TJ kept getting the upper hand on Joey. It seemed as if Perkins was toying with Harder by making every move and counter move look simple and letting the fans know it. A frustrated Harder questioned Perkins’ respect for the match by asking him if he was a clown or a wrestler and from that point on it was all business. The two return to the mat but this time Joey was on the offensive and stayed there. Joey was on the verge of winning the match when Perkins came back with unbelievable speed and gained momentum with fierce kicks to Joey’s leg and back. It seemed like it was going TJ’s way until Joey applied his signature Lion Tamer. On this night, Perkins heart was too big to tap out so quickly. After suffering for a prolong period of time, he managed to grab the ropes to force Joey to break the hold. Joey sent him into the ropes and TJ shocked the fans with a Hurricanrana that was very quickly countered into another Lion Tamer by Harder, this time in the middle of the ring where TJ fought to get out of the hold but continued to suffer until Harder’s Lion Tamer was too much for TJ and forced him to submit. Winning the Inland Title Series gave Joey Harder a shot at the EWF Heavyweight Championship later that same night against the then current champion Bino Gambino. It started out as a brawl, both men had just gone through grueling matches earlier that night. The crowd seemed to be behind Harder. Joey took Bino to the limit but Bino finally managed to grab the upper hand and work Joey over. Bino stayed on Joey hoping to retain his title for the second time of the night. Gambino had Harder down and gave him a Springboard Moonsault but was kicked out of. Bino gave him another one, but Harder still kicked out. Bino attempts a third and Joey was able to get the knees up and get back on the offense. Harder may have had the match won with his modified Brainbuster, but Bino kicked out of that making Harder question what he needed to do to beat the champ. All of the sudden, Joey's tag team partner, Hook Bomberry, ran out and started throwing any chair he could find into the ring. As the ref attempted to clean up the violent mess the challenger's partner made, Hook slid into the ring with the title belt. At this point Bino has his back turned to Hook while having Harder in a waist lock but as Hook goes to swing the belt to hit Gambino, Bino turns around only to have Joey receive the shot from his own partner. After that happened, a look of apathy showed on the face of Hook. He didn't seem to care at all that he almost cost his partner the championship. No one knew what to make of it. After realizing what had almost happened, Bino chased Hook out of the ring and out of the building. Bino slides back in the ring and deliovers a Binomite to Harder. Joey Harder then kicks out of Bino's finisher. A frustrated Gambino looks to apply it again, but is countered to a Lion Tamer from Joey. Bino shakes the challenger off and both men go to collide but Harder quickly applies the hold again! Bino shakes the deadly submission off once more. Both men make it to their feet and Bino charged at Joey a third time. Harder double legs Gambino and applies the Lion Tamer but this time he has it cinched in and in dead center of the ring. The champ did all he could to stay in the fight but had no choice but to tap out. Joey Harder becomes the new EWF Heavyweight Champion and still half of the EWF Tag Team Championship Title holder.
On January 26, 2007; Joey Harder continued his tag team action with an EWF Tag Team Championship Title Match which pitted him and Hook Bomberry against The Young Bucks. The Young Bucks capitalized on Harder and moved in for the kill with their signature double team move known as “More Bang for Your Buck”, Harder was able to escape and shove M.I.R. into Slick Nick, causing Nick to crotch himself on the top rope and Harder rolled up M.I.R. for a near impossible victory.
The Iron Express seemed to be self destructing before everyone eyes. On February 9 in Covina, for the first time in EWF history, EWF Tag Team Champions would square off against each other for the EWF Heavyweight Championship. The match started with the both men grappling and testing the other out. Eventually, Harder began to take over on Bomberry but Hook started to get frustrated and began to strike Harder repeatedly. This escalated into both men striking the other and using various suplexes and submissions to try to wear the other down. The end of this match came after Joey delivered a vicious diving head butt to Hook which resulted in both men being very bloody. Harder had cut his eye open on Bomberry’s tooth that he had also broken in the midst of the diving head butt. Harder then went for the Lion Tamer but Bomberry reversed it into an arm bar and as Harder got the ropes Bomberry refused to let go and the referee disqualified Bomberry.
On March 4 in Covina; Harder had been on Cloud 9 ever since he won the EWF’s most prestigious title, however, one name that seemed very familiar to him along his way to the top was TJ Perkins, so naturally, when Harder’s original opponent, Sonny Samson, was unable to wrestle due to a broken leg, Perkins was the first name the EWF officials called. Perkins and Harder wrestled on the mat in a very strategic manner, trying to see who the first to make a mistake would be, and that person would be TJ Perkins, who let his guard down and received a vicious kick to the gut after performing a kip up. Both men tried to keep the match in their favor, however, the outcome of this match would be considered more out of their control than anything else. Harder would deliver a big Superplex to Perkins and upon standing up, he found Hook Bomberry standing in the ring. Harder argued with Bomberry until Perkins got up and drop kicked both men and sent Bomberry outside the ring. Then, as Perkins went for an O’Connor Roll off the ropes, Harder ducked and Bomberry hit Perkins in the head with the EWF Tag Team Championship Belt. Mando Vega called for the match and Harder was disqualified. Although, after the match, an irate Joey Harder challenged Bomberry to a Submissions Match for the EWF’s next event in Covina.
On March 18 in Venture, California; Joey faced is most challenging match as the Heavyweight Champion in a Fatal 4-Way Match against Hook Bomberry vs Rocky Romero vs Karl Anderson. Ever since winning the most prestigious championship in the EWF, Joey Harder has been a marked man and now, he would be facing off against 3 other men all gunning for the same title. The real kicker in this match is Harder does not even have to be beaten in order to lose his title. The stipulation is first man to gain a win via pin fall or submission is declared the winner of the match. The match started with Bomberry and Anderson attacking Harder and Romero. Harder and Romero each surprised them and knocked both men out of the ring. They then fought in the ring until Bomberry and Anderson got back in. Then Romero and Anderson went to the outside and Harder and Bomberry stayed in the ring and fought. This match continued in this back and forth action until the climactic end when Bomberry was thrown to the outside by Anderson and Harder attempted to fight Anderson but Romero got involved. Anderson then attacked Romero and went for a clothesline but Romero ducked it and in the process performed a Suicide Dive onto Bomberry who was on the outside. It was then that Joey picked the legs of Anderson and forced him into the Lion Tamer for the submission.
As promised back on March 4, 2007; when Joey Harder returned to Covina he put up his EWF Heavyweight Championship Title against Hook Boomberry. This was a match to remember! So much could be said for these two champions in this match. Pain is one word that comes to mind and lots of it. At the start, they both went right in to hold to hold. Hook put Joey in a choke hold, holding it strong. Full of pain, Joey pulled out of it. After 5 minuets of hold to hold wrestling, Joey stops the submission style wrestling and goes all out. He gave Hook a back drop, then started beating on Hook. Back and forth they beat each other senseless. Hook took over the match by working on Joey’s knee. Hook then takes Joey to the ring apron and began to slam Joey's knee on the canvas. Hook continued working on the knee and now back in the ring, got too close to the upper half of Joey and he reversed Hook into an arm bar. Hook got to the ropes and Joey was forced to let go of the arm but Joey wasn't done with Hook. He threw Hook into the corner and, as Hook slowly stumbled out of the corner, Joey was there to greet him with open arms. While Hook was in Joey's arms, Joey then gave Hook a picture perfect Belly to Belly Suplex. As both men got to a standing position, Joey moved in but was cut off with a single kick to his knee. Hook took Joey to the ropes and gave him a big Spinebuster and, then immediately into a Boston Crab. Slowly, Joey moved to the ropes clutching to them for life. Hook did as the ref said and let go. Joey rushed Hook, taking him down with a single leg takedown, turning him around into a Camel Clutch, pulling hard on Hook's neck. Hook managed to get to the ropes which forced Joey to release the hold. Hook looked as if he was about to cry. The ref checked to see if Hook was okay and Hook made the same mistake. Joey eventually got Hook into his patented Lion Tamer. Joey had the look of confidence in his face as he looked around. He knew his grip wasn't loose. He knew the ropes were too far for Hook to grab at. Moments passed and Hook's hand started raising and shuddering when it happened. Hook tapped for the his life. Harder retained the EWF Heavyweight Championship.
On April 27, 2007; The Iron Express, after coming off of a brutal Submissions Match for the EWF Heavyweight Championship against each other, they were forced to put aside their differences and defend the EWF Tag Team Championship against the number 1 Contenders, Brandon Nitro & Johnny Dynamite, also known as TNT. At least it seemed that Bomberry and Harder had put aside their differences. They started early, using teamwork and quick tags, but Hook's jealousy of his tag partner began to show, tagging in and out with loud chops to Joey's chest, which quickly annoyed Joey. After a particularly deafening chop to Joey, the teammates began to argue. Brandon Nitro went for a 'Meeting of the Minds' but was pushed back by both men, who then continued their argument with each other. Nitro tagged in Dynamite, who threw Joey from the ring and concentrated on Hook. After delivering a few nice moves on Bomberry, he finally countered with a Jawbreaker, a desperation move at this point, and tried to tag in Harder. At this point, sick of Hook's stiff tags and remembering their match at Zero Tolerance 2007, when Hook refused to tag in against the Young Bucks, Joey, too, refused a tag. This left Hook alone in the ring as TNT delivered their tag team finisher, Ground Zero to pin Hook and win the Tag Team Championship, while Joey looked on.
Joey Harder continued his EWF Heavyweight Championship Title defense on May 11, 2007 in Covina, California when you defeated the EWF American Champion’s Karl Anderson by submission to retain his title. And then on May 25, it was a way too close call for Joey as he defended his title against MTV Superstar, Joey Ryan. As the match started, Harder looked to make short work of his opponent by going for his modified Boston crab submission maneuver which he has been using to get the job done for most of his matches. Ryan quickly grabs the ropes, forcing Harder to release the hold. Ryan took over the match from that point on and took it to the champ. It seemed to be over when Ryan hit a running Yakuza Kick, followed by a Superkick, and then a quick cover for the pin but the fighting champion kicks out. As Harder makes it up to his feet, the two started trading punches. Harder goes to hook a Suplex but Ryan attempted a counter, which is re-countered by Harder, which is re-countered by Ryan! Harder floats over onto his feet from what we all thought was going to be a well executed Suplex but Harder turns the challenger around and delivers his Brainbuster finisher leaving Joey Ryan down for the 3-count. Joey retained the EWF Heavyweight Championship but right as the bell sounds, Dan "The Man" Kobrick's music hit and out he came. He got right in the champ's face and promised him that at the next show he would know "The Definition of Pain". But on June 8, Kobrick failed to teach Harder “The Definition of Pain” as Joey Harder pinned Dan “The Man” Kobrick to retain the title. However; two weeks later on June 22 Dan “The Man” Kobrick pinned Joey Harder to win the EWF Heavyweight Championship, thus ending Harder’s 168 day reign.
Joey Harder the returned to Tag Team action on July 13, 2007; when he team with Bino Gambino to take on Terex and Dan “The Man” Kobrick. Bino pinned Kobrick which gave Gambino and Harder the win. Joey continued his tag team period when he team up with Apollo Khan to take on Ray Kejimura and his old tag team partner, Hook Bomberry. Ray and Hook handed Apollo and Joey were soundly defeated.
On August 18, Joey returned to singles action when you continued his ongoing feud with Hook Bomberry. But Joey suffered another lose to Hook. Joey’s losing streak continued when on September 7 he was pinned by Ray Kejimura.
On September 8, 2007 at EWF’s Vendetta in Colton; Joey Harder wrestled his final match against T.J. Perkins before retiring from Pro Wrestling in order to attend the University of Oregon to obtain a PhD in Political Science. Harder and Perkins wrestled to a draw which neither man was happy with the outcome. Joey and TJ demanded an additional 5 minutes. Upon the restart of the match, Joey Harder eventually was able to roll up TJ for the pin and his final victory.
Battle Ground Pro Wrestling Federation (2006–2007).
In early 2006, Joey Harder was still very active in the Empire Wrestling Federation and was the reigning EWF Cruiserweight Champion. He joined the Battle Ground Pro Wrestling Federation. The promoter’s at Battle Ground introduced Joey Harder as “The Silent Assassin”, a hard-hitting, unstoppable force in pro-wrestling, who was out to assassinate anyone in his way of getting more gold around his waist. Their angle was for Joey Harder to take on new opponents at each show and defeat them, sometimes by dubious means or by blatant rule breaking. Each week, the matches intensified and built up the suspense for the fans to find how who was going to be able to hand “The Silent Assassin” his first defeat and end his reign of terror.
Joey Harder debuted in Battle Ground Pro Wrestling on March 25, 2006 against Markus Riot. Harder defeated Riot with a low blow and then a quick pinfall. The promoters at BGPW decided to see how well “The Silent Assassin” could do when faced with two opponents. Would that be enough to stop him?
Joey would wrestle Brandon Nitro for the first time on May 13, 2006 in a 3-Way Dance which pitted Joey Hard vs. Brandon Nitro vs. “The Wholesome Hero” JT Hyatt. This would be the start of a notable feud between Harder and Nitro. Joey Harder defeated Nitro and Hyatt when he rolled Hyatt up with a fistful of hair. Joey Harder faced another tough 3-Way Dance on June 17, 206 when he faced his enemy Hook Bomberry from EWF and “The Russian Hooligan” Alex Koslov. Harder won the match with a submission using the Lion Tamer. The tradition of competing in 3-Way Dances continued on August 12, 2006 when he faced “The Wholesome Hero” JT Hyatt and Brandon Nitro. Hyatt won the match by pinning Nitro after Harder hits Nitro over the head with a table. However, a month later on 9 September Harder got his revenge by obtaining a submission from Nitro in a singles match via a Fujiwara Armbar . But Nitro paid Harder back by interfering in Harder’s match on October 14 with Rey Kejimura which caused Harder to win by disqualification.
On November 4, Joey Harder went up against big Foob Dogg. The match began and Harder immediately applied a wristlock on the big Foob. He took him to the ground, but Foob reversed the hold, mounting Harder with the wristlock. Nice display of mat wrestling by the big man. But Harder reversed that into a headlock. Foob released himself by pushing Harder away into the ropes, but Harder came back with a shoulder block and could not bring the big Dogg down. Once again he tried but to no avail. The third time Harder tried it Foob just lifted him up and slammed him on his back. The undefeated technical wrestler had never met an opponent with such brute strength as Foob, who went for the pin. Harder managed to kick out and kicked Foob in the nuts when the ref wasn’t looking. When Foob got back up Harder jumped up and hit a heavy falling DDT. The match ended after Harder hit Foob with a forearm smash in the corner and went for a pin and put his legs on the rope to gain leverage as the ref made the count. Joey Harder would remain undefeated at the end of 2006.
Joey Harder continued his undefeated streak as the 2007 year began when on January 13 he won by submission a match against A.Z. in Newhall, California. However it would not continue when on March 10, 2007; Markus handed Joey his first defeat when Markus won the match by countout. Then on April 21, Joey Harder won his match against Chimaera via a headlock submission.
Personal information.
In early 2007, Joey made the decision to leave wrestling . He applied and was accepted into a PhD program in Political Science at the University of Oregon. On September 8, 2007 at EWF's Vendetta in Colton, California Joey Harder wrestled his final match and retired from prowrestling.
Joey's reason for leaving prowrestling was "I got to the point where I figured if I worked really hard at wrestling and sacrificed everything I might make it in five years. On the other hand, if I worked hard at academics I'd have a much more secure, stable career in about the same time."

</doc>
<doc id="18707464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707464" title="Isaksson">
Isaksson

Isaksson is a surname of Swedish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18707466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707466" title="St. Catherine's Academy">
St. Catherine's Academy

St. Catherine’s Academy is a Catholic military school located in Anaheim, California. It was founded in 1889 by The Dominican Sisters of Mission San José. The school offers a challenging academic program for boys in kindergarten through eighth grade, as well as military structure and leadership training. The school is open to both resident and day students.
Mission statement.
“St. Catherine’s Academy, a Catholic school with a military tradition, builds within young men a foundation for success through a formation program, which is rooted in the Dominican charism and emphasizes faith, leadership, academics, and service.”
Honor Code.
“A St. Catherine’s cadet will tell the truth, do his own work, respect others' property and retain their trust, respect all other people, encourage others to act similarly.”
History.
St. Catherine’s Academy was founded by Mother Pia Backes, the foundress of the Dominican Sisters of Mission San Jose. The school was dedicated on March 19, 1889 as an academy for girls and a parochial school for local families. St. Catherine’s also spent time as an orphanage and a school for boys before becoming a military school in the 1920s. The name was changed to St. Catherine's Military School and later St. Catherine's Military Academy. In August 2010, the academy began using its original name, St. Catherine's Academy. The tagline "A Catholic School with a Military Tradition" is used to reflect the school's continued military tradition. The Dominican Sisters continue to be a presence on campus. Today, Sisters hold positions in administration, resident care, and teaching.
Campus.
St. Catherine’s Academy has an campus in Anaheim, California, just two miles (3 km) from Disneyland. Facilities include a classroom building, administrative office, dining hall, social hall, infirmary, indoor swimming pool, gymnasium, and large playing field. Resident cadets stay in one of four dorms staffed with a resident care provider and enjoy a recreation room and theatre.
The school’s chapel is the St. Thomas Aquinas Chapel. Decorated by artist Jan Henryk De Rosen, it is dedicated to the memory of Captain William Maguire, the cadets' chaplain in the 1950s. Captain Maguire was a United States Navy Chaplain to the Pacific Fleet during World War II. He was at Pearl Harbor, preparing to celebrate Mass when the Japanese attacked.
Academics.
St. Catherine’s academics adhere to the standards of both the State of California and the Diocese of Orange. The school is proud of its commitment to computer technology, advanced math and science, and music programs.
Military Tradition.
The military program begins for students in third grade. Its primary objectives are to develop within each cadet a keen sense of honor, commitment, cooperation, initiative, self-discipline, leadership, and respect. Cadets participate in drill training each afternoon. The military department also takes cadets to a one-week leadership camp held at Camp San Luis Obispo each summer.
Extracurricular activities.
St. Catherine’s is accomplished in both athletics and music. St. Catherine’s competes in the Parochial Athletic League (PAL) in three sports: flag football, volleyball, and basketball. In recent years, the school has won championships in all three sports (Basketball- 2006-2007; Flag Football- 2003-2004; Volleyball- 2001-2002). The music program is among the oldest ongoing programs in Orange County with over 70 years in existence. In addition to weekly music classes, students can take individual guitar and piano lessons. The school’s band, The Marching Knights, participates in various local parades and concerts.
Popular culture.
St Catherine's Academy was used for exterior shots in the movie "The Private War of Major Benson".

</doc>
<doc id="18707469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707469" title="Cai Tong-Tong">
Cai Tong-Tong

Cai Tongtong (; born February 7, 1990 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won the group championships at the 2006 National Group Championships.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707474" title="Joe Dudley">
Joe Dudley

Joe Louis Dudley, Sr. (born May 9, 1937) is an American businessman and hair care entrepreneur. He is the president and chief executive officer for Dudley Products Inc., a manufacturer and distributor of hair and skin care products for the African American community.
Life and career.
Dudley was born in Aurora, North Carolina, the fifth of 11 children. When he was in the first grade, he was mistakenly labeled as being mentally retarded because of a speech impediment. He was twice held back by the time he reached the eleventh grade. However, Dudley persevered in his education, eventually gaining a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in Greensboro, North Carolina.
In 1957, Dudley was living in Brooklyn, New York. He invested $10 in a Fuller Products sales kit in 1957, and began selling hair care products door to door in African American neighborhoods. In 1960 he met Eunice Mosley, who was also selling Fuller products on a door-to-door basis. They married the following year.
The Dudleys settled in Greensboro, where they opened a Fuller distributorship. When there was a shortage of Fuller products in 1969, they began manufacturing and selling their own line under the Dudley Products label. Unlike many hair and skin care providers, Dudley chose to market his product line directly to salons rather than to retailers.
At the request of company founder S.B. Fuller, Dudley moved to Chicago, Illinois, and took over Fuller Products in 1976. They consolidated the company with their operations in 1980, keeping the Dudley Products brand name. Dudley moved the company back to Greensboro in 1984. As of December 2003, with annual revenues of $30 million, the company offers 400 hair and skin care products. It also operates the Dudley Cosmetology University, with locations in North Carolina and two schools in Zimbabwe. 
Dudley and his company were featured in Chris Rock's 2009 documentary "Good Hair"; the company is one of only a handful of African-American-owned companies manufacturing hair products for the African-American community.

</doc>
<doc id="18707475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707475" title="Munduruku languages">
Munduruku languages

The Mundurukú languages of Brazil form a branch of the Tupian language family. They are Munduruku and the extinct Kuruáya.

</doc>
<doc id="18707482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707482" title="Suorva">
Suorva

Suorva or Suorvadammen (the Suorva Dam) is a small settlement situated at the southern parts of Akkajaure, in Stora Sjöfallet National Park. The settlement can be reached by car (and occasionally bus from Gällivare). It consists of a few houses and a dam operated by Vattenfall, which regulates the flow to the hydroelectric plant in Vietas located about 5 kilometers downstream. The road over the dam is normally open for hikers (not cars) and makes for a possible route into the northern parts of Sarek National Park which does not require using a boat.

</doc>
<doc id="18707492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707492" title="James Everett">
James Everett

James Everett (1 May 1894 – 18 December 1967) was an Irish politician. On leaving school Everett became an organiser with County Wicklow Agricultural Union, which later merged with the ITGWU. He was a member of Sinn Féin and served as a justice in the Republican courts for Kildare and Wicklow from 1919. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann in 1923 as a Labour Party TD for Wicklow. Everett was one of the six TDs who left the Labour Party in 1944 because of its alleged infiltration by communists, and formed the National Labour Party. Everett became the leader of the new party.
In 1948 the National Labour Party joined the Cabinet of John A. Costello in the First Inter-Party Government and Everett was appointed Minister for Posts and Telegraphs. In 1950 Everett, as Minister for Posts and Telegraphs became involved in a bizarre incident known as the "Battle of Baltinglass." Everett appointed Michael Farrell as sub-postmaster in the local post office. The office had been run by Helen Cooke for her invalid aunt, whose family had held the position since 1870. Local feeling ran high in support of Cooke, with telegraph poles being cut to prove their point. Allegations of political jobbery were denied but Everett's actions became a national issue. Farrell resigned in December 1950 and Everett bowed to the pressure and appointed Cooke. It is believed that the Baltinglass affair contributed to the downfall of the Inter-Party government in 1951.
Also in 1950, during the First Inter-Party Government's tenure, the Labour Party and the National Labour Party reunited. Everett served in government again between 1954 and 1957 as Minister for Justice and in that capacity he granted Albert Luykx Irish citizenship. Everett died aged 78, during the 1967 Dáil Christmas Recess, when with 44 years service as a TD, he was joint Father of the Dáil with Frank Aiken and Paddy Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="18707493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707493" title="ArkivMusic">
ArkivMusic

ArkivMusic is an online classical music retailer, specializing in the distribution of CDs and DVDs.
ArkivMusic opened its online store in February, 2002. As of 2012, there are twenty distribution centers throughout the United States.
In addition to their inventory of readily available CDs, the ArkivCD reissue program carries a selection of "on-demand" titles for items no longer in the catalogue. These titles, produced on CD-Rs, include licensed recordings that were previously unissued on CD.
Arkiv is also the publisher of "Listen", a quarterly magazine dedicated to Classical music.
In 2008, ArkivMusic was acquired by Steinway Musical Instruments.
External links.
Arkiv Music official website

</doc>
<doc id="18707499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707499" title="Bai pong moan">
Bai pong moan

Bai pong moun () is a Cambodian dish, consisting of fried eggs and white rice. Beaten eggs are preferred and herbs are added for flavor. Unbeaten eggs are usually cooked until crisp on one side and somewhat raw on the other side. Salt and soy sauce are used to flavor the eggs, and soy sauce can also be applied to the rice. Due to the wide availability of eggs and rice in Cambodia, "bai pong moun" is a common dish, filling rather than gourmet. It is a cheap dish which is simple to prepare, such as instant ramen or macaroni and cheese.

</doc>
<doc id="18707508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707508" title="Lü Yuanyang">
Lü Yuanyang

Lü Yuanyang (; born June 22, 1983 in Sichuan) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She represented China at the 2004 Summer Olympics, where she placed 6th in the Group All-Around.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the group competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18707521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707521" title="Commando Parachute Group">
Commando Parachute Group

The Commando Parachute Group ()
is a Pathfinder Commando elite parachutiste unit in the 11th Parachute Brigade of the French Army that is within the second "circle" of authority of the Commandement des Opérations Spéciales.
Each regiment within the 11th Parachute Brigade (11e Brigade Parachutiste) trains one or two GCP teams from their own ranks, which then can act as recon, pathfinding or harassment forces for their home regiment, coordinating with the other GCP teams within the brigade or working independently behind enemy lines. More rarely the GCP is requisitioned by the French intelligence service (DGSE) to carry out sensitive or "black ops" missions. GCP teams are also trained to conduct hostage rescue missions in extreme cases.
There are nineteen teams with about a dozen members each in the GCP, which is structured as follows:
The GCP was founded in 1965 as "Équipes de Saut Ouverture à Grande Hauteur" (SOGH, "High Altitude Jump Teams" or "HAHO Teams"). In 1982, the unit was renamed "Commandos de Recherche et d'Action en Profondeur" (CRAP, "Deep Action and Recon Commando") before being renamed again as "Groupement des Commandos Parachutiste" (GCP) in 1999. Apparently, the unit was renamed as GCP after a discussion between the commander of CRAP at the time, Lieutenant Colonel Pascal Chapoulaud, and a US Army officer whilst on operations. The US Army officer had asked the commander of CRAP if he knew the meaning of the word 'crap' in English. Lieutenant Colonel Chapoulaud replied that he did not know, and asked a translator what the word meant. The translator informed the lieutenant colonel that the word 'crap' meant the equivalent of 'shit' in the French language. The unit's name of 'CRAP' thus changed to 'GCP' after this event.
The GCP had its first operational deployment in 1969 when the SOGH of 2e REP went to Chad. Ever since, the GCP has participated in many of France's military commitments, most noticeably in the War in Afghanistan (2001–present).
Selection.
In order to serve in the GCP the candidate must meet the following requirements-
S I G Y C O P (Troupes Aéroportées)
2 1 2 3 3 2 1
S I G Y C O P (Chuteurs Opérationnels)
2 1 2 3 2 2 1
When the candidate has passed all of these tests he is now able to serve within one of the teams of the GCP.

</doc>
<doc id="18707527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707527" title="Li Hongyang (rhythmic gymnast)">
Li Hongyang (rhythmic gymnast)

Li Hongyang (; born May 16, 1990 in Guilin, Guangxi) is a Chinese rhythmic gymnast. She won the 2007 National Championships in the individual/group, and placed 8th in the team competition at the 2007 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.
She represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18707530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707530" title="WKKI">
WKKI

WKKI (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic hits format. Licensed to Celina, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Lima area. The station is currently owned by The Sonshine Communications Corporation. 
In December 2006, the station changed to the current classic hits format from its former adult contemporary format. 
History.
The station was founded in 1960 as WMER, a reference to MERcer County, making it the county's first commercial radio station, transmitting with only 740 watts from its studios located above The Celina Music Store at 128 West Fayette Street in downtown Celina. The music store's owner at the time was also the original owner of WMER. As the weak signal and short transmitting tower in back of the music store barely covered Mercer County with neighboring Auglaize County being the fringe area, there was a demand for a more powerful station, hence WCSM AM and FM later emerged as a competitor in 1964 along with the former WERM located west of Wapakoneta at Moulton (which is now WFGF "The Frog" with studios in Lima.) The Fayette Street studios remain in use today.
The station changed ownership several different times during the 1970s; it was a sister station to WDRK in Greenville (now WDSJ) from 1968 until 1972 under the ownership of Lee Rutherford and Ron Rumley airing Drake-Chenault's "Hitparade" adult contemporary automation tapes. Later in that same year, the station was later owned by the Hildebrand family (as WMER Incorporated) and played Top 40 music. Scott Hillebrand (air name: Scott Allen) managed the station and was chief DJ. Despite the owner's good intentions, it fell into receivership in 1973 (possibly due to financial problems coupled with its then-low power signal and limited coverage area), prompting a sale. A group of area business people formed a partnership called Grand Lake Broadcasting in an effort to purchase the station and tentatively move it to a newer building on State Route 703 near Grand Lake St. Marys and apply for a power increase with a more efficient tower but the deal fell through with the partnership quickly dissolved. By the spring of 1974 it was finally sold, with the new owners Keith and Jackie Balfour (previously with WCSM) flipping the format to adult standards. 1978 brought another ownership change, this time being Michigan-based Mid-America Radio Inc. with another format change (to country music), and a change in calls to WKKI. The "K-94" nickname was first used for the country format until 1979, which brought yet another format change, to a soft AC daytime/album oriented rock nighttime mix. In 1979 the station was finally upgraded to a much more powerful 3,000 watts and the transmitter moved to a higher tower near the West Ohio Branch Campus of Wright State University at Grand Lake St. Marys (which is also the transmitting tower of W17AA, the Celina translator of Dayton's public television station WPTD). Joe Hill, now of Tucson, Arizona, was the morning announcer when John Lennon was killed and produced a three-hour tribute with no preparation prior to airtime.
The station switched to a full-time album-oriented rock format in 1980 by a new owner, Cage Media, headed up by Chris Cage, a former WING "Lively Guy" and University of Dayton graduate. The station was heavily involved with bringing concerts to the Ohio Theater in Lima. The format also gave the station opportunities to promote major concerts at other venues. Branded as "94-KKI", the AOR format lasted until early 1983 when the K-94 branding was revived and used once again, this time as the local affiliate of Transtar, one of the first satellite format programming services, once again airing Adult Contemporary music. The K-94 branding remains today under its present owner with a mix of classic and contemporary rock and roll as its current format in addition to local high school sports coverage.

</doc>
