<doc id="18702824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702824" title="Official reports by the U.S. Government on the CIA">
Official reports by the U.S. Government on the CIA

At various times since the creation of the Central Intelligence Agency, the US Government has produced comprehensive reports on CIA actions that marked historical watersheds in how CIA went about trying to fulfill its vague charter purposes from 1947. These reports were the result of internal/presidential studies, external investigations by Congressional committees or other arms of the US Government, or even the simple releases and declassification of large quantities of documents by the CIA.
Several investigations (e.g., the Church Committee, Rockefeller Commission, Pike Committee, etc.), as well as released declassified documents, reveal that the CIA, at times, operated outside its charter. In some cases, such as during Watergate, this may have been due to inappropriate requests by White House staff. In other cases, there was a violation of Congressional intent, such as the Iran-Contra affair. In many cases, these reports provide the only official discussion of these actions available to the public.
1949 Eberstadt Report (First Hoover Commission).
The first major analysis, following the National Security Act of 1947, was chaired by former President Herbert Hoover, with a Task Force on National Security Organization under Ferdinand Eberstadt, one of the drafters of the National Security Act and a believer in centralized intelligence.
The task force concluded that the system of the day led to an adversarial relationship, with little effective coordination, among the CIA, the military, and the State Department. "In the opinion of the task force, this produced duplication on one hand, and, on the other, departmental intelligence estimates that "have often been subjective and biased." In large measure, the military and State Department were blamed for their failure to consult and share pertinent information with the CIA. The task force recommended "that positive efforts be made to foster relations of mutual confidence between the and the several departments and agencies that it serves."
This report stressed that the CIA "must be the central organization of the national intelligence system." It recommended a "...top echelon an evaluation board or section composed of competent and experienced personnel who would have no administrative responsibilities and whose duties would be confined solely to intelligence evaluation." It also favored a civilian DCI with a long term in office.
"In the arena of covert operations and clandestine intelligence, the Eberstadt Report supported the integration of all clandestine operations into one office within CIA, under NSC supervision. To alleviate concerns expressed by the military who viewed this proposal as encroaching upon their prerogatives, the report stated that clandestine operations should be the responsibility of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) in time of war."
The report declared that the failure to appraise scientific advances (e.g., biological and chemical warfare, electronics, aerodynamics, guided missiles, atomic weapons, and nuclear energy) in hostile countries might have more immediate and catastrophic consequences than failure in any other field of intelligence. It urged the US to develop a centralized capability for tracking these developments.
1949 Dulles-Jackson-Correa Report.
The Eberstadt report was soon eclipsed by what may have been the most influential policy paper. "On January 8, 1948, the National Security Council established the Intelligence Survey Group (ISG) to "evaluate the CIA's effort and its relationship with other agencies." The Jackson-Dulles-Correa report held an opposite view on clandestine collection to the Eberstadt Report, interesting in that Dulles was a clandestine collection specialist.
Like the Hoover Commission, this group was chartered at the request of President Truman, and was made up of Allen W. Dulles, who had served in the Office of Strategic Services (OSS) during the Second World War and would become DCI in 1953, William Jackson, a future Deputy DCI, and Matthias Correa, a former assistant to Secretary of Defense James V. Forrestal when the latter had served as Secretary of the Navy during the war. Chaired by Dulles, the ISG presented its findings, known as the Dulles-Jackson-Correa Report, to the National Security Council on January 1, 1949. Partially declassified in 1976, it "contained fifty-six recommendations, many highly critical of the CIA and DCI. In particular, the report revealed problems in the agency's execution of both its intelligence and operational missions. It also criticized the quality of national intelligence estimates by highlighting the CIA's—and, by implication, the DCI's--"failure to take charge of the production of coordinated national estimates." The report went on to argue that the CIA's current trend in clandestine intelligence activities should be reversed in favor of its mandated role as coordinator of intelligence." It was "particularly concerned about the personnel situation at CIA, including internal security, the high turnover of employees, and the excessive number of military personnel assigned to the agency." See the continuing concern about personnel in the 1954 Doolittle Report To add "continuity of service" and the "greatest assurance of independence of action," the report argued that the DCI should be a civilian and that military appointees be required to resign their commissions.
As with the Eberstadt Report, the Dulles Report also expressed concern about the inadequacies in scientific intelligence and the professionalism of the service intelligence organizations, and urged that the CIA provide greater coordination. This led to a recommendation for increased coordination between the DCI and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) in the arena of counterespionage. In turn, the report recommended that the Director of FBI be elevated to membership in the committee to help the DCI coordinate intelligence and set intelligence requirements.
The report proposed a large-scale reorganization of CIA. Even though it emphasized intelligence analysis and coordination over operations, it
"suggested incorporating covert operations and clandestine intelligence into one office within CIA. ... the Office of Special Operations (OSO), responsible for the clandestine collection of intelligence, and the Office of Policy Coordination (OPC), responsible for covert actions, be integrated into a single division within CIA. recommended replacing existing offices with four new divisions for coordination, estimates, research and reports, and operations."
The heads of the new offices would be included in the immediate staff of the DCI so that he would have "intimate contact with the day-to-day operations of his agency and be able to give policy guidance to them." These recommendations would become the start of the model for the future organization and operation of the present-day CIA. Until the DNI creation, estimates were in a separate office reporting to the DCI, coordination was a job of the DDCI (later assisted by the Intelligence Community Staff), research and reports became the Directorate of Intelligence, and operations was first, euphemistically, called the Directorate of Plans. Directorates for Support (originally called Administration), and Science & Technology, were also created.
1952 Robertson Panel Recommendations and guidelines.
CIA initiative implemented in 1952 after Washington DC was involved in the 1952 Washington DC UFO Incident to ostensibly prevent people from damaging communications with UFO reports in case said UFOs were a Soviet, other enemy weapons and aircraft of a radical design. Part of the recommendations is to ridicule people who report UFOs, aliens. This is still being implemented. See also Operation Mockingbird, which is policy regarding media matters.
1954 Doolittle Report on Covert Activities.
Gen. James Doolittle did an extensive report on covert actions, specifically for President Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The report's first recommendation dealt with personnel. It recommended releasing a large number of current staff that could never be more than mediocre, aggressively recruit new staff with an overall goal of increasing the workforce, and intensify training, with 10% of the covert staff time spent in training. The Director should be nonpolitical.
Security was the next concern, starting with a drive to reduce interim and provisional security clearances. The report strongly endorsed use of the polygraph both for initial recruits and existing staff. Counterespionage needed to be strengthened, and field stations needed both to report on their staff and periodically be inspected. Consolidating the Washington workforce, which was scattered among buildings, into one or a few main buildings was seen as a way of improving the security of classified information.
Coordination in the intelligence community was seen as a problem, especially agreeing on clear understandings between CIA and military intelligence organizations. The overall IC program for eliciting information from defectors needed improvement, with contributions from multiple agencies.
As far as organization and management, the report described the structure of the Directorate of Plans (i.e., the clandestine service) as too complex and in need of simplification. The Inspector General needed an agency-wide mandate. The role of the Operations Coordinating Board, the covert and clandestine oversight staff of the National Security Council needed to be strengthened, with operations clearly approved and guided from the highest levels of government.
The report addressed the classic problem of increasing performance while reducing costs. This meant better review of the budgets of covert and clandestine activities by a Review Board, except for the most sensitive operations. It meant providing the Comptroller with enough information, even if sanitized, to do a thorough job.
1956 Bruce-Lovett Report.
Soon after President Dwight D. Eisenhower created the President's Board of Consultants on Foreign Intelligence Actitivites, that Board requested that Robert A. Lovett and David K.E. Bruce examine CIA's covert operations. This information comes from Arthur Schlesinger's book about Robert F. Kennedy, cited by cryptome.org. ""Bruce was very much disturbed," Lovett told the Cuba board of inquiry in 1961. "He approached it from the standpoint of 'what right have we to go barging into other countries buying newspapers and handing money to opposition parties or supporting a candidate for this, that or the other office?' He felt this was an outrageous interference with friendly countries... He got me alarmed, so instead of completing the report in thirty days we took two months or more.""
"The 1956 report, written in Bruce's spirited style, condemned
the increased mingling in the internal affairs of other nations of bright, highly graded young men who must be doing something all the time to justify their reason for being... Busy, moneyed, and privileged CIA likes its "King Making" responsibility (the intrigue is fascinating – considerable self-satisfaction, sometimes with applause, derives from "successes" – no charge is made for "failures" – and the whole business is very much simpler than collecting covert intelligence on the USSR through the usual CIA methods!).
According to cryptome's account of the Schlesinger book, "Bruce and Lovett could discover no reliable system of control. "there are always, of course, on record the twin, well-born purpose of 'frustrating the Soviets' and keeping others 'pro-western' oriented. Under these almost any action can be and is being justified... Once having been conceived, the final approval given to any project (at informal lunch meetins of the OCB [Operations Coordinating Board inner group) can, at best, be described as pro forma." One consequence was that "no one, other than those in the CIA immediately concerned with their day to day operation, has any detailed knowledge of what is going on." With "a horde of CIA representatives" swarming around the planet, CIA covert action was exerting "significant, almost unilateral influences... on the actual formulation of our foreign policies... sometimes completely unknown" to the local American ambassador." Bruce and Lovett concluded with a plea about taking control of covert operations and their consequences:
Should not someone, somewhere in an authoritative position in our government, on a continuing basis, be... calculating... the long-range wisdom of activities which have entailed a virtual abandonment of the international "golden rule," and which, if successful to the degree claimed for them, are responsible in a great measure for stirring up the turmoitl and raising the doubts about us that exist in many countries of the world today?... Where will we be tomorrow?
The CIA itself would like more detail on this report, a copy of which could not be found, in 1995, by the Agency's History Staff. Referring to reports such as the Dulles-Jackson-Correa, Doolittle, Pike, Church, and Rockefeller reports, the Staff "recently ran across a reference to another item, the so-called "Bruce-Lovett" report, that it would very much like to read—if we could find it! The report is mentioned in Peter Grose's recent biography "Gentleman Spy: The Life of Allen Dulles". According to Grose, and Lovett prepared a report for President Dwight Eisenhower in the fall of 1956 that criticized CIA's alleged fascination with "kingmaking" in the Third World and complained that a "horde of CIA representatives" was mounting foreign political intrigues at the expense of gathering hard intelligence on the Soviet Union.
The History Staff checked the CIA files on the President's Board of Consultants on Foreign Intelligence Activities (PBCFIA). They checked with the Eisenhower Library. They checked with the National Archives, which holds the PBCFIA records. They checked with the Virginia Historical Society, the custodian of David Bruce's papers. None had a copy.
"Having reached a dead end, we consulted the author of the Dulles biography, Peter Grose. Grose told us that he had not seen the report itself but had used notes made from it by historian Arthur M. Schlesinger for "Robert F. Kennedy and His Times" (1978). Professor Schlesinger informed us that he had seen the report in Robert Kennedy's papers before they were deposited at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in Boston. He had loaned Grose his notes and does not have a copy of these notes or of the report itself.
"This raises an interesting question: how did a report on the CIA written for President Eisenhower in 1956 end up in the RFK papers? We think we have the answer. Robert Lovett was asked to testify before Gen. Maxwell Taylor's board of inquiry on the 1961 Bay of Pigs operation. Robert Kennedy was on that board and may have asked Lovett for a copy of the report. But we do not have the answer to another question: where is the "Bruce-Lovett" report? The JFK Presidential Library has searched the RFK papers without success. Surely the report will turn up some day, even if one government agency and four separate archives so far haven't been able to find it. But this episode helps to prove one of the few Iron Laws of History: the official who keeps the best records gets to tell the story."
1975 investigations.
The 1975 United States President's Commission on CIA activities within the United States, better known as the Rockefeller Commission investigated questionable practices including assassination attempts and inappropriate domestic operations. Larger Congressional investigations followed in 1975, first the Church Committee of the United States Senate, followed by the Pike Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Eventually, these interim committees were replaced by the U.S. Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
1996 reports.
In 1996, the U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence issued a congressional report estimating that: "Hundreds of employees on a daily basis are directed to break extremely serious laws in countries around the world in the face of frequently sophisticated efforts by foreign governments to catch them. A safe estimate is that several hundred
times every day (easily 100,000 times a year) DO officers engage in highly illegal activities (according to foreign law) that not only risk political embarrassment to the US but also endanger the freedom if not lives of the participating foreign nationals and, more than occasionally, of the clandestine officer himself."
In the same document, the committee wrote, "Considering these facts and recent history, which has shown that the of the Central Intelligence Agency, whether he wants to or not, is held accountable for overseeing the Service, the DCI must work closely with the Director of the CS and hold him fully and directly responsible to him."
2007 documents.
On 27 June 2007 the CIA released two collections of previously classified documents which outlined various activities of doubtful legality. The first collection, the "Family Jewels," consists of almost 700 pages of responses from CIA employees to a 1973 directive from Director of Central Intelligence James Schlesinger requesting information about activities inconsistent with the Agency's charter.
The second collection, the CAESAR-POLO-ESAU papers, consists of 147 documents and 11,000 pages of research from 1953 to 1973 relating to Soviet and Chinese leadership hierarchies, and Sino-Soviet relations.

</doc>
<doc id="18702827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702827" title="Weekend (Earth and Fire song)">
Weekend (Earth and Fire song)

"Weekend" is a song from 1979 by Dutch band Earth and Fire. It was written by guitarist Gerard Koerts for the album "Reality Fills Fantasy".
Earth and Fire version.
"Weekend" was released by Earth and Fire as a single in November 1979 and reached the number one spot in the singles charts in the Netherlands, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark and Portugal.
Chips version.
In 1997 Weekend was covered by the Swedish group Chips. Originally, the version was recorded 1980, but it was decided that version releasing from the album 20 bästa låtar. The B-Side it is the Instrumental Tokyo.
Scooter Version.
"Weekend" was covered by German techno group Scooter as "Weekend!". It was released in February 2003 as the first single from their 2003 album "The Stadium Techno Experience". The single reached number 2 in the German Media Control Charts and was also a top-10 single in Norway, Austria, Denmark, the Netherlands, Finland and Sweden.
The Scooter version features the lyrics, ""What is essential is invisible to the eye; it is only with the heart that one can see rightly"" (a quote from the book "The Little Prince" by Antoine de Saint-Exupery), and ""Respect to the man in the ice cream van"," a reference to The KLF.
The video for the song takes place on an illuminated part of a loam-covered floor encircled by dark. While Scooter are performing the song, there are Buddhist and Christian monks, nuns, Asian martial artists, topless women, traditional Indian female dancers and Ganesha dancing around them. H. P. Baxxter can also be seen wearing a costume resembling those worn by the Roman centurions. The video was censored in the multimedia part of the CD single released in Germany.
Other versions.
In 1980 the Belgian band De Strangers released a Dutch-language version of the song under the title "Pluchke".
The song was released in German version as "Kein Mädchen für das Wochenende" which was first sung by Conny Morin and later was covered by Daniela Dilow.
In 2002 Kid Q released the single "This Feeling", which contains a sample of "Weekend".
In 2008 Bloodhound Gang release a cover version of the Scooter cover for "Weekend!"
In 2012, Belgian electro producer Mickey release a cover version of the original track featuring Sylvie 'Billie' Kreusch.

</doc>
<doc id="18702828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702828" title="U18 European Championship Men 2008 squads">
U18 European Championship Men 2008 squads

Austria.
Head coach: Robert Langer
Belarus.
Head coach: Aliaksandr Barysau

</doc>
<doc id="18702829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702829" title="Juan Bautista Morales">
Juan Bautista Morales

Juan Bautista Morales, 黎玉范,(b. about 1597 at Ecija in Andalusia, Spain; d. Fu-ning, China, 17 September 1664) was a Spanish Dominican missionary in China.
Life.
He entered the Order of St. Dominic at a very early age, and after devoting some years to missionary work in the Philippine Islands, accompanied in 1633 a band of Dominican missionaries to China, taking up their work in the province of Fu-kien. Here he took an active part in the Chinese Rites controversy, between the Jesuits on the one side and the Dominicans and Franciscans on the other. The latter maintained that the Jesuits, to make converts, tolerated to a certain extent the cult of Confucius and of ancestors.
They despatched Morales to Rome in 1643, and on 12 September 1645, obtained from Pope Innocent X a decision condemning the methods of the Jesuits. The latter also appealed to Rome, and obtained from Pope Alexander VII a contradictory decree. In 1661 Morales again called the attention of the Holy See to the matter, and in 1669, five years after the death of Morales, Pope Clement IX issued a new decree deciding against the Jesuits. About the same time the Dominicans discovered an enemy in their own ranks in the person of the Chinese friar, Gregory Lopez, Bishop of Basilea, who sent to the Holy See a memorandum favourable to the Jesuits.
Works.
Among the works of Morales are:

</doc>
<doc id="18702830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702830" title="Noon, Oregon">
Noon, Oregon

Noon is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Oregon, United States. Noon lies at the intersection of U.S. Route 20 and Noon Road. Noon is west of Flynn and Philomath.

</doc>
<doc id="18702834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702834" title="John Newcomb House">
John Newcomb House

The John Newcomb House is a historic house in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. It is best known as the house described by Henry David Thoreau in the chapter on the "House of the Wellfleet Oysterman" in his 1865 book, "Cape Cod". The house is located in Cape Cod National Seashore, on a sandy lane off Gull Pond Road to the east of Williams Pond in northern Wellfleet. The Cape style house is presumed to have been built by John Y. Newcomb (born 1762).
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18702838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702838" title="Central Sofia Cemetery">
Central Sofia Cemetery

The Central Sofia Cemetery (, "Tsentralni sofiyski grobishta") or the Orlandovtsi Cemetery ("Орландовци") is the main cemetery in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria. The cemetery has several chapels used by various Christian denominations, such as a Bulgarian Orthodox church of the Dormition of the Theotokos,a Roman Catholic chapel of Saint Francis of Assisi,[http://www.abagar1.com/content.php?RID=5&AID=56an Armenian Apostolic chapel,[http://gallery.slovar.org.uk/details.php?image_id=2949&sessionid=54 a Jewish synagogue, etc.[http://mmmitov.blogspot.com/2007/09/blog-post_2904.html] The cemetery also features Russian, Serbian and Romanian military sections.

</doc>
<doc id="18702843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702843" title="Monika Devi">
Monika Devi

Laishram Monika Devi (born 1 March 1983) is an Indian weightlifter from Manipur who won the silver medal in the Women's 69 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games. Monika was originally part of the Indian squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics in women's 68 kg category, but was dropped after the Weighlifting Federation stated that she was tested positive in a dope test. But the Prime Minister's Office overruled this decision. But because the final list of participants had already been submitted to the Olympics officials, Monika could not take part in the Games.
2010 Commonwealth Games.
After being cleared of doping charges, Monika competed in the Women's 69 kg category at the 2010 Commonwealth Games where she managed to win a bronze medal.
Controversies.
Monika's name was dragged into three controversies regarding the Indian representation in the weightlifting event at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Controversy about selection.
Monika was shortlisted for the Indian representation at the 2008 Olympics, along with Shailaja Pujari. There were allegations that the weightlifting federation officials were bribed to pick Shailaja for an Olympic berth. The sports ministry intervened in the matter and asked the officials to hold the final selection trials in Patiala instead of Pune. But the federation shifted the venue to Bangalore. However, when the list was officially announced, Monika got the selection ahead of Shailaja. Shailaja was announced a reserve. Monika's selection was unanimous.
Controversy about coach.
The weightlifting federation announced that Dev Dutt Sharma will coach Monika at the 2008 Olympics. This decision is also a breach of the sports ministry's directive that a woman coach should accompany a woman weightlifter to the Olympics.
Controversy about doping and subsequent omission from Olympics.
The Weighlifting Federation stated that Monika was tested positive in a dope test conducted in India prior to the Olympics. Subsequently she was omitted from the Indian squad for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. But she protested to this stating that the officials have been trying to discard her in favour of another weightlifter Shailaja Pujari. But since the statement from the Federation lacked any credibility, the Prime Minister's Office intervened and approved her participation in the Olympics. But because the list of participants was already submitted to the Olympic authorities, the Indian Olympic Association stated that Monika cannot take part in the Olympics. Thus she was omitted from the Indian contingent.
In March 2009, Press Trust of India (PTI) reported that Monika's B sample which was sent to a WADA-accredited laboratory in Tokyo was also returned positive. The reported indicated that she could be banned for two years. Monika reacted to this news by saying that she did absolutely nothing wrong. She alleged that there is a huge conspiracy to end her sporting career prematurely. Later, her family accused PTI of reporting incorrect information regarding the B sample result. A family member stated that Monika has not received any such reports yet. Monika's sister L. Mamta stated in a press meet in Manipur that Monika is going to sue PTI.

</doc>
<doc id="18702844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702844" title="Nickerson Mansion">
Nickerson Mansion

Nickerson Mansion is a historic house at 2871 Main Street in Brewster, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1906 and added to the National Historic Register in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="18702845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702845" title="HLA-B38">
HLA-B38

HLA-B38 (B38) is an HLA-B serotype. The serotype identifies the B*38 allele products of the HLA-B gene-locus. 
B38 is a split antigen of the broad antigen B16, and is a sister type of B39. The B*3801 allele is more common in Eastern, Southern and Southeastern Europe, while the B*3802 allele is more common in the Far East.
Disease.
A higher frequency of HLA-B38 was noted psoriatic arthritis patients with erythroderma. Psoriatic arthritis is linked to MICA and/or B39 in other peoples. In Pemphigus vulgaris a haplotype containing B38 was identified and found to be shared between Spanish and Jewish patients. Linkage studies indicate a factor in the HLA-class I region is more greatly associated, with HLA-B38 so far the only linked allele

</doc>
<doc id="18702853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702853" title="Főnix Hall">
Főnix Hall

Főnix Hall is a multi-purpose arena in Debrecen, Hungary. Fonix Hall holds 8,500 people and opened in 2002. It hosted the 2002 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. 
The arena was named after the Phoenix, a mythical firebird which is the symbol of Debrecen.
Főnix Hall is located in Debrecen, which is the second largest city of Hungary, in a pleasant environment: close to the Nagyerdő area, near Road 4, along the thoroughfare to Košice called Kassai út. Entering the building through the main entrance, one immediately find itself in the arena space. Along one of the longitudinal sides of the amphitheater, there are locker rooms and service facilities for the athletes, while the other side is actually a multifunctional area that can be freely divided with the help of relocatable partition walls. In the city, the demand had long been in the air for a state-of-the-art convention hall/arena with a larger than average seating capacity. The final impulse was provided by the possibility of acting as the host for the 2002 World Championship in Gymnastics. In fact, the plans for an already existing sports hall from the city of Tallinn (Estonia) were adapted to suit the local circumstances. The construction of Főnix Hall was completed in eight months. 
Since its inauguration, the hall has acted as the venue for a variety of events (such as ice hockey, indoor soccer, basketball and handball tournaments, hot air balloon and ballroom dancing championships, ballet performances, music concerts, various exhibitions, conferences and even ice shows). The long list of celebrities having performed here ranges from Olympic champion Szilveszter Csollány and the heavy metal band Iron Maiden or the rock band Deep Purple through the pianist Richard Clayderman to conductor Kobayashi Ken-Ichiro and singer Bryan Adams, including a number of other famous athletes and artists. 
Főnix hall is the second largest arena in Hungary – Budapest Sports Arena is the first (12,500). The arena proper is fully surrounded with telescope-joint stands (and diagonally turned-in mobile bleachers in the corners). During concerts, the stage actually replaces the stand at the far end of the hall and the entire arena floor is available for the audience to occupy. The props and technical equipment required for the performances can be moved into the arena section through two larger size freight entrances that are 2.5 and 4 meters wide respectively. The gym storeroom next to the gates is accessible from several sides due to the huge sliding doors, and a configuration of several separately lockable storerooms can be arranged if necessary, including rooms for track and field, gymnastics, martial arts, or ice-skating. Even the largest sized apparatuses can be freely moved about. Behind the mobile bleachers, there is a series of other service venues: locker rooms for the athletes, doctors' rooms, changing rooms for the hall personnel, storage rooms, the electric substation room, the gym storeroom, and the fitness room. Főnix hall is connected to the adjacent Imre Hódos Sports Hall through an underground passageway, so that the facilities could also be used during certain larger events for training or changing purposes or for offices, if necessary. The elevator serves this basement level, too, so the facilities are thus accessible even for mobility impaired athletes.
Főnix Hall and Papp László Sportaréna are the two stadiums hosting the 2010 UEFA Futsal Championship in Hungary with the final being played at the Főnix Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="18702858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702858" title="WSFA Small Press Award">
WSFA Small Press Award

The WSFA Small Press Award was inaugurated by the Washington Science Fiction Association in 2007. The award is open to works of imaginative literature (e.g. science fiction, fantasy, horror) published in English for the first time in the previous calendar year. Furthermore, the Small Press Award is limited to short fiction—works under 20,000 words in length—that was published by a small press. The nominees are narrowed down by a panel elected by the WSFA membership, and these finalists are then judged by the entire WSFA membership to select a winner. Throughout the process, the author and publisher of each story are kept anonymous.
The winning story is announced at Capclave, the WSFA convention held in the Washington, D.C. area each October.

</doc>
<doc id="18702860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702860" title="North Falmouth Village Historic District">
North Falmouth Village Historic District

North Falmouth Village Historic District is a historic district at 85-408 Old Main Road, and 6 Wild Harbor Road in 
the North Falmouth, Massachusetts, which is a village in the town of Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The historic district consists of many 18th- and 19th-century houses, as well as the North Falmouth Congregational Church and a former grange hall. Many of the buildings are in Greek Revival, Late Victorian, and Colonial Revival styles. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18702866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702866" title="Horizons West">
Horizons West

Horizons West is a 1952 American Western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Robert Ryan. 
Plot.
Dan Hammond returns to Texas after the war, as does brother Neil, who simply wants to run a small ranch. Dan's ambition is to build an empire the way ruthless Cord Hardin has.
Hardin's wife, Lorna, begins to have romantic designs on Dan as he becomes a powerful figure, rustling horses and buying up land. Dan is making many enemies, too, and when Neil becomes a lawman in Austin, a showdown between the brothers is inevitable.

</doc>
<doc id="18702871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702871" title="Northside Historic District (Yarmouth, Massachusetts)">
Northside Historic District (Yarmouth, Massachusetts)

The Northside Historic District encompasses two of the earliest significant settlement areas of Yarmouth, Massachusetts. Stretching along Massachusetts Route 6A from the Barnstable line in the west to White Brook in the east, the district includes almost 300 buildings on . It includes the two villages of Yarmouth Center and Yarmouthport, which were important 18th and 19th century centers of civic and economic activity.
Although the district includes a number of early colonial First Period structures (the oldest being the c, 1690 Timothy Hallett House, 24 Hallett Street), the majority of its buildings date between 1780 and 1860, and are either Federal or Greek Revival in character. There are a number of important early Cape-style homes in the district; these are typically smaller single story buildings, where the later buildings have larger floor plans and are two stories or two and a half stories in height. There are a modest number of houses in styles popular in the second half of the 19th century, including a Gothic Revival house at 134 Hallett Street and Italianate houses at 282 and 364 Hallett.
Institutional buildings in the district include three churches, all from the late 19th century; one of them, the First Congregational Church, dates its congregation to the establishment of Yarmouth's first meeting house in 1640. All three buildings are from the later decades of the 19th century. There are three civic buildings: two school buildings (the 1880 Queen Anne Sloyd Building, and the c. 1881 Colonial Revival Lyceum Hall), and the library, an 1870 Gothic Revival structure.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702875" title="White Month">
White Month

White Month may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18702881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702881" title="Benjamin Nye Homestead">
Benjamin Nye Homestead

The Benjamin Nye Homestead is a historic house museum at 85 Old County Road in Sandwich, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story timber frame house was built in 1685 by Benjamin Nye, and has remained in the hands of his descendants for most of the time since then. It was apparently originally built as a saltbox style house with an integral leanto section, with the rear of the house being raise to a full two stories, probably in the 19th century. The house was sold out of the Nye family to the state of Massachusetts in 1924, but was poorly maintained by the state. With the house threatened with demolition in 1962, the Nye Family Association acquired the property and restored the house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
The Nye Family Association now operates the property as a historic house museum, featuring 18th century furnishings, and is open for tours from June through October.

</doc>
<doc id="18702884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702884" title="Comparison of photo stitching software">
Comparison of photo stitching software

Photo stitching software produce panoramic pictures. The other method involves using panoramic cameras or panoramic mirror lenses (i.e. "one-shot lenses").

</doc>
<doc id="18702887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702887" title="Summit, Oregon">
Summit, Oregon

Summit is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Benton County, Oregon, United States. As of the 2010 census it had a population of 82. Summit lies on Oregon Route 180 northwest of Blodgett.

</doc>
<doc id="18702888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702888" title="Elnathan Nye House">
Elnathan Nye House

Elnathan Nye House is a historic house at 33 Old Main Road in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1735 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="18702891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702891" title="Laurier Railway Bridge">
Laurier Railway Bridge

The Laurier Railway Bridge (often referred to as "Pierre Le Gardeur railway bridge," after the road bridge next to it) carries the Canadian National Railway from Montreal (Rivière-des-Prairies–Pointe-aux-Trembles) to Repentigny (North Shore) via Île Bourdon.

</doc>
<doc id="18702899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702899" title="Old Harbor U.S. Life Saving Station">
Old Harbor U.S. Life Saving Station

Old Harbor U.S. Life Saving Station is a historic station, originally located at Nauset Beach, near the entrance to Chatham Harbor in Chatham, Massachusetts. It is now located in Provincetown, Massachusetts, at the end of Race Point Road, where it was moved in 1977 because it was threatened by erosion.
The station was built in 1897 as a U.S. Life-Saving Service Station, and became a U.S. Coast Guard Station in 1915, when the old Revenue Marine Service and Life-Saving Service were combined. De-commissioned in 1944, the station was under private ownership from 1947 until 1973, when it was finally purchased by the National Park Service. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
The site is used as a park exhibit, and contains a Race Point surfboat and dory. Once a week during the summer, the Park Service holds live demonstrations of the deployment of a breeches buoy during rescues at the turn of the twentieth century. 

</doc>
<doc id="18702905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702905" title="Tre Van Die Kasie">
Tre Van Die Kasie

Tretius Kauhangengo (born 1981), better known as Tre Van Die Kasie, most commonly referred to as Tre is a Namibian kwaito musician and rapper. Tre rose to fame after signing with Mshasho Productions in 2005. He is the half brother of fellow kwaito musician, Kavax.
Biography.
Tre was born and raised in Omaruru where he lived his mother his entire childhood life. He moved to Windhoek City to attended secondary school Ella Du Plessis High School in Khomasdal. Tre later enrolled at the University of Namibia where he met The Dogg and Sunny Boy.
Music career.
Tre and The Dogg became very good friends and started writing songs together during their years at the University of Namibia. The Dogg dropped out of the University in 2003 to focus his career on music. After gaining success in the music industry, he created his record label, Mshasho Productions. Although Tre was committed to his studies, he signed with Mshasho in 2005 to support his friend. From then on he traveled and performed with The Dogg and other Mshasho artists. After a year, Tre established himself as a solo artist in the Mshasho stable and started working on his album. Tre's lyrical abilities earned him success and respect in both the underground and mainstream music scenes.
Tretius appeared on The Dogg's albums "Introducing TeeDee", "You Can't Ignore", "This Is My Time" and "The Power of 7" . He has also appeared on Sunny Boy's, "The Sleeping Giant", and several underground songs by other musicians.
Style.
Tre raps and sings; he sings the hook on Dogg's Channel-O award winning song, ""Can U Feel It"". He also sings on his own tracks, ""Eedula Odaya"" and ""When Im Gone"".
Bible and My Music, God & Me.
Tre released his debut album in mid-2008. The album was launched at the fifth Mshasho anniversary in Zoo Park. It contains hardcore-kwaito tracks mixed with house and hip hop. The album is primarily produced by The Dogg and Elvo and feature guest appearances by Sunny Boy, OmPuff, Kavax, D-Sound, DJ Kboz, and Jewelz. Although highly anticipated prior to its release, the album failed to meet sales expectations. This was due to its poor marketing from Mshasho. No video was released for the album's promotion.
Second studio album.
Since 2008 Tre has been on music hiatus. In 2009 several rumours were made regarding the rapper's second album. Although not confirmed by Tre or Mshasho, an album was due in 2010 titled "Straight From the Kasie". In 2011, while promoting his seventh album, Mshasho CEO The Dogg confirmed that Tre will release an album in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18702911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702911" title="Port Royal House">
Port Royal House

Port Royal House is a historic house at 606 Main Street in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1863 and added to the National Historic Register in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18702921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702921" title="Pond Hill School">
Pond Hill School

The Pond Hill School is a historic school building at 65 Old Paine Hollow Road (old Route 6) in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. The plain Greek Revival two story schoolhouse was built in 1857, and is the only period schoolhouse in Wellfleet to survive relatively intact. The building served as a schoolhouse until 1880, and was purchased six years later by the South Wellfleet Ladies Social Union. In 1945, with that organization in decline, the property was given to a neighborhood association, which maintains the building.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18702934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702934" title="University of Florida Marston Science Library">
University of Florida Marston Science Library

The University of Florida Marston Science Library (MSL) is the science and engineering library of the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida, and is administered by the university's George A. Smathers Libraries system. The Marston Science Library hosts the university's extensive collections in agriculture, biological sciences, chemical and physical sciences, engineering, mathematics and statistics, as well as the Map and Imagery Library and the Government Documents Department. The library is located in the center of the university's campus, and is adjacent to such campus landmarks as Turlington Hall, the University Auditorium and Century Tower. In 2008, MSL began hosting an annual competition, the Elegance of Science, in which University of Florida faculty, staff and students submit artwork on the topic of science.
Government Documents Department.
The Government Documents Department, housed in the Marston Science Library Building is a regional, federal, state, and European Union documents depository serving Florida and the Caribbean. The Government Documents Department includes the GIS Unit and the Map and Imagery Library.
The GIS Unit provides support for the many University of Florida programs and research efforts using GIS and remote sensing. The Map and Imagery Library contains more than 497,800 maps, 266,500 aerial photographs, 2,250 remote sensing images, and 7,215 atlases and reference books. The Map and Imagery Library has general map coverage worldwide. Special collections include Florida, Latin America, the United States, Africa, and the Holy Land.
History.
The Marston Science Library was named for the seventh president of the University of Florida, Robert Q. Marston, who served from 1974 to 1984. Marston was a medical doctor, research scientist and Rhodes Scholar, who previously served as the dean of the University of Mississippi School of Medicine (1961–1965) and the director of the National Institutes of Health (1968–1973). Completed in 1987, the Marston Science Library brought together several existing science branch libraries, including the Agriculture Library (founded in 1905), the Physics Library (1909), the Botany Library (1909), the Engineering Library (1912), the Chemistry Library (1923) and the Biology-Geology Library (1947).

</doc>
<doc id="18702935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702935" title="Old King's Highway Historic District">
Old King's Highway Historic District

Old King's Highway Historic District is a historic district on Old King's Highway between Sandwich town line on the West to Yarmouth town line on the east side in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival, colonial, and Georgian architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18702936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702936" title="Jonathan Blum (disambiguation)">
Jonathan Blum (disambiguation)

Jonathan Blum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18702948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702948" title="Thaïs (saint)">
Thaïs (saint)

St. Thaïs of fourth-century Roman Alexandria and of the Egyptian desert was a repentant courtesan.
Accounts of her Life.
St. Thaïs reportedly lived during the fourth century in Roman Egypt. She is included in literature on the lives of the saints in the Greek church. Two biographical sketches exist: one in Greek perhaps of the fifth century (it was translated into Latin as the "Vita Thaisis" by Dionysius Exiguus (Dennis the Little) during the sixth or seventh century); the other sketch comes to us in medieval Latin by Marbod of Rennes (d. 1123). She also appears in Greek martyrologies by Maurolychus and Greven, though not in Latin martyrologies. The lives of the desert saints and hermits of Egypt, including St. Thaïs, were collected in the "Vitae Patrum". There has modernly emerged a theory that her story consists of "probably only a moral tale invented for edification." Notwithstanding, St. Thaïs remains on the Calendar of the Catholic Church, with her feast day being celebrated October 8. 
Thaïs is first briefly described as a wealthy and beautiful courtesan living in the prestigious city of Alexandria, in the eyes of the church a public sinner. Eventually, however, she inquires about Christianity and then converts. In her "Vita" a monk in disguise pays for entry into her chambers in order to challenge her and convert her, yet he finds that she already believes in God, from whom nothing is hidden. The identity of this person who instructs and offers Thaïs the opportunity of spiritual transformation is unclear, three names being mentioned: St. Paphnutius (Egyptian Bishop in Upper Thebaïd), St. Bessarion (disciple of St. Anthony in the Egyptian desert), and St. Serapion (Bishop in the Nile Delta). Following her acceptance into the Church, she is shown a convent cell where she is provisioned for three years, during which time she performs penance for her sins. When she later emerges, it is said, she lives among the nuns of the Egyptian desert only for a brief period of fifteen days, then she dies.
In 1901 the Egyptologist Albert Gayet (1856–1916) announced the discovery near Antinoë in Egypt of the mummified remains of Thaïs and Sérapion, which were exhibited at the Musée Guimet in Paris. Shortly thereafter he qualified his identification, leaving open the possibility of the remains not 
being those of the two saints.
In Art and Literature.
Traditional pictures of Thaïs show her in two different scenes: 
Later during the Renaissance, the Spanish painter Jusepe de Ribera (1591-1652), whose career was spent largely in Naples, offered his composition (above). 
Medieval play.
Hrotsvitha of Gandersheim (935-1002), a Benedictine Canoness of Saxony (northwest Germany), wrote in Latin the play "Pafnutius" in which St. Thaïs appears, despite the title, as the principal character of interest. The play, of course, places her story in a European dress and in a medieval spirituality. Here is St. Pafnutius addressing the abbess of the desert convent, concerning care for their new convert Thaïs:
During the European Middle Ages, the historical evidence indicate a widespread popularity for the story of St. Thaïs.
Modern culture.
After the distinctive artistic lead of Gustave Flaubert (1821–1880) in his "La tentation de Saint Antoine" (1874), there eventually followed, in a decidedly more skeptical, yet still historic-religious vein, the novel "Thaïs" by Anatole France (1890). This gave rise to an opera by Jules Massenet (1894), later followed by a London play (1911), a Hollywood film (1917), and a glass statue by René Lalique (1920s). 
France's "Thaïs" is an historical novel published at Paris in 1890 and written by Anatole France (1844–1924). Paphnuce, an ascetic hermit of the Egyptian desert, journeys to Alexandria to find Thais, the libertine beauty whom he knew as a youth. Masquerading as a dandy, he is able to speak with her about eternity; surprisingly he succeeds in converting her to Christianity. Yet on their return to the desert he becomes fascinated with her former life. She enters a convent to repent of her sins. He cannot forget the pull of her famous beauty, and becomes confused about the values of life. Later, as she is dying and can only see heaven opening before her, he comes to her side and tells her that her faith is an illusion, and that he loves her.
Massenet's "Thaïs" is an opera first performed in Paris at the "Opéra" on March 16, 1894. The music is by Jules Massenet (1842–1912). The libretto by Louis Gallet (1835–1898) drew upon the novel of Anatole France. The opera omits the novel's skeptical chapter on the vanity of philosophy. The hermit's name was changed to Athanaël, who is presented with greater sympathy than in the novel. The first duet between Athanaël and Thaïs contrasts his stern accents and her raillery. The last scene's duet shows a reversal of rôles, in which the pious and touching phrases of Thaïs transcend the despairing ardour of Athanaël. Chants of desolation, and later, return of the beautiful violin from an earlier symphonic "méditation" (first played during the intermezzo when Thaïs had converted) complete the final effect.
Wilstach's "Thais" is a play performed at the Criterion Theatre in London, March 14 through April, 1911 (31 performances). Written by the American Paul Wilstach (1870-1952), it starred Constance Collier (1878–1955) playing the title role and Tyrone Power, Sr. (1869–1931) as the hermit. Earlier the play had a trial run in Boston.
Goldwyn's "Thais" is a Hollywood film which featured the operatic soprano Mary Garden (1874-1967). Earlier she had performed the title role in Massenet's opera "Thaïs" at "l'Opéra Comique" of Paris. The film, produced by Samuel Goldwyn (1879-1974), also drew on the novel by Anatole France. The film, however, was not considered a success. Evidently between 1911 and 1917 there were five silent movies entitled "Thaïs", made in France, Italy, and the U.S.A., yet not all followed the saint's story.
The "Thaïs" of Chiparus is a bronze and ivory statue depicting a dancing figure, an elegant young woman in 'ancient' dress. It was crafted in France (with a limited production run) during the Art Deco era by the Rumanian artist Demetre Chiparus (1886–1947).

</doc>
<doc id="18702950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702950" title="Old Village Historic District (Chatham, Massachusetts)">
Old Village Historic District (Chatham, Massachusetts)

Old Village Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Main, Holway, Bridge Streets, Bearse's Lane, Chatham Harbor, Mill Pond, and Little Mill Pond in Chatham, Massachusetts.
The district features Georgian and Federal architecture. The area was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18702958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702958" title="Old Town Center Historic District">
Old Town Center Historic District

Old Town Center Historic District is a historic district roughly along Locust Public Rd. and Salt Pond Road in Eastham, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18702960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702960" title="Dalvík/Reynir">
Dalvík/Reynir

Dalvík/Reynir is an Icelandic football club, currently playing in 2nd division. The club was founded in 2006 by UMFS Dalvík and Reynir Árskógsströnd.
History.
In 2006 UMFS Dalvík and Reynir Árskógsströnd joined forces to form a new club, Dalvík/Reynir, after Leiftur and Dalvík broke up their cooperation that had formed Leiftur/Dalvík and lasted only four years. This was actually the second time Dalvík and Reynir joined, they first did so in the early 1990s but that time the didn't officially join, Reynir withdrew from the football league and most of the players and staff joined Dalvík. After Dalvík and Leiftur formed Leiftur/Dalvík, Reynir resurfaced and joined the league again with mostly young players from Dalvík that weren't in the Leiftur/Dalvík regular squad.
First season (2006).
Dalvík/Reynir entered the Icelandic football league's third and bottom division in 2006. The first season started well with the club winning its first two matches, drawing the third and winning the fourth. The team couldn't maintain that good start and missed out on playing in the promotion play-offs even after a late surge, winning the last three games including at home against play-offs rivals Magni. Even though Dalvík/Reynir were only two points after Magni and level on points with Leiknir F. before the final day they were already out of the play-offs race since Höttur had already secured the top spot and Leiknir and Magni would meet on the final day with both teams having a far better goal difference than Dalvík/Reynir meaning that no matter how that match would end, one of the two would beat Dalvík/Reynir by either a goal difference or points.
2007 season.
The 2007 season did not start well. Two away losses, first against a supposedly weaker team Vinir and then Leiknir F., one of the strongest teams in the group, meant important points were lost early in the very short season. The team never really recovered properly after that and after three draws in their last four games the team finished fourth in the group, losing out on a good chance to gain a promotion as five teams were promoted to the second division in 2007 because the premier division and second division were being expanded.
2008 season.
Prior to the 2008 season the coaches in the division were asked by football site Fotbolti.net to predict the results of the division and Dalvík/Reynir were predicted to win the group. Hopes were pretty high having secured the return of Jóhann Hreiðarsson from Þróttur R. and Hermann Albertsson from Víkingur R. The season started reasonably with one win and one loss but everything went downwards after that, the team only managed 4 wins that season and were never really in the contention for the top two spots that would go into the promotion play-offs, finishing third, nine points behind second placed Huginn.
2009 season.
On 19 November 2008 it was announced that Jóhann Hreiðarsson would take over as player/coach after Örlygur Þór Helgason left to become general manager of KA.
The season didn't start well, three losses in the first four matches meant that Dalvík/Reynir would be playing catch-up all season. Despite being unusually strong away and winning all but two matches away that wasn't enough because the home form failed.
Despite the weak start the team managed to fight back and have their fate in their own hands with two matches left but a draw at home against group winners and league champions Völsungur meant they had to win away against Draupnir and rely on Huginn not winning away against Einherji. Dalvík/Reynir did their part, winning 1-5 but Huginn proved to strong for Einherji that had only won one of their last five games leading up to the final day. So, yet again, third place in the group.
2010 season.
One week after the end of the 2009 season, the club announced that Jóhann Hreiðarsson would be stepping down as coach by mutual consent because of other work commitments. On 25 September Atli Már Rúnarsson was announced as the new coach. Atli had played for Dalvík for a few seasons before moving to Þór Akureyri.
Ground.
Dalvík/Reynir plays its home matches on Dalvíkurvöllur but during spring some matches may be played at Árskógsvöllur if Dalvíkurvöllur is not considered ready for use.
Dalvíkurvöllur has no officially set capacity because Icelandic regulations don't require that, rules do require grounds in the top two divisions to have a minimum capacity in the form of fixed separate seats but Dalvíkurvöllur currently doesn't fulfill that requirement. There are 100 seats at the ground and fixed standing places for at least 300 people.
Statistics and records.
Being a very young club, most records are likely to be improved every season and even in every game.
Team.
The highest league placing the club has gained is third place in the third division group (9th-12th overall) in 2006, 2008 and 2009.
The club reached the final qualifying round (last 22) in the VISA-bikar (FA Cup) but lost 0-4 at home against Þór Akureyri in 2007.
Players.
Current squad.
As of 26 May 2009

</doc>
<doc id="18702969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702969" title="Pleasant-School Street Historic District">
Pleasant-School Street Historic District

Pleasant-School Street Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Main, School, South, and Pleasant Streets in Barnstable, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="18702974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702974" title="Titan the Robot">
Titan the Robot

Titan the robot is the stage name of a costume
created by Cyberstein Robots Ltd. in 2004,
A plastic costume worn by a man, not a powered exoskeleton, the robot is approximately tall and and increases to including the cart it rides on and onboard equipment. The face resembles a skull, and some have even compared it to a Transformer. It was designed by Nik Fielding, who runs Cyberstein from Newquay, Cornwall, England. Titan has performed at a variety of public and private events, from the Commonwealth Games and Alton Towers to bar Mitzvahs and shopping centres.
Titan has appeared on Channel 4 and the BBC's Children in Need.
Recent or notable performances.
Live on stage with Rihanna, 2010.
The Rihanna performances received much attention from the UK media, including The Sun and Heat magazine.
Big Brother.
Titan the robot appeared on the 11th series of Big Brother in the UK as part of a task.
Daybreak.
Titan appeared on 30 September on Daybreak's "Cool before School" feature. On 22 December it appeared again, playing a recording of "How much is that doggy in the window".
JLS.
Titan joined a 40-day tour with JLS on 2 December 2010, appearing on stage to the track "Superhero".
Natholdet, Danish TV2.
While in Denmark for the BEEP gadget expo, on 10 November 2011, Titan visited the Danish late night talk show, Natholdet, where it was to pick the winner of a drawing contest. However, Titan struggled with taking its hand down in the bowl, as its hands were too big and was told to leave the stage after several attempts.
Germany's Next Topmodel.
Titan appeared on German Television (Pro7) for the show "Germany's Next Topmodel" 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18702979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702979" title="Paul Palmer (shipwreck)">
Paul Palmer (shipwreck)

PAUL PALMER (Shipwreck and Remains) is a historic 1902 shipwreck site in the Stellwagen Bank National Marine Sanctuary.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18702985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702985" title="Dell, Montana">
Dell, Montana

Dell is an unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. Although Dell is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 59724. Dell lies on Big Sheep Road next to I-15 and is northwest of Lima.

</doc>
<doc id="18702989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702989" title="Paine Hollow Road South Historic District">
Paine Hollow Road South Historic District

The Paine Hollow Road South Historic District is a historic district roughly along Paine Hollow Road, and Raywid Way in Wellfleet, Massachusetts.
The district features Greek Revival style architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18702997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18702997" title="Edward Penniman House and Barn">
Edward Penniman House and Barn

Edward Penniman House and Barn is a historic site in Eastham, Massachusetts, located on Fort Hill, which is currently protected by the Cape Cod National Seashore and home to "Indian Rock".
The house was built in 1867 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History.
The house was built by Edward Penniman (1831–1913). When Edward Penniman was growing up, it was possible to catch whales directly from the seashore, a practise the Indians perfected using the shallow marsh waters to scare herds of blackfish onto the beaches. Attracted by the profits to be made as a whaler, he ran to sea at age eleven and at 29 he was master of his own whaling ship. He took his wife with him on his travels, and the addition of 3 children to his household did not deter him from trips lasting up to 4 years. His youngest daughter suffered from seasickness and was sent to live with an aunt. It is the family correspondence with this daughter that makes the Penniman house so interesting, as it brings the daily life of a whaling captain into perspective.
On retirement in 1867, Captain Penniman built this unusual house with plans he designed himself, including a modern toilet and bath with hot running water. From the cupola he would watch his extended family play in the surrounding fields, while on the lookout for ships. His daughter took many pictures of impromptu family gatherings, including a picture of her mother in pants.
National Park Service.
The house is now on the Fort Hill Trail, which is kept up by the National Park Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18703012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703012" title="Shopaholic Ties the Knot">
Shopaholic Ties the Knot

Shopaholic Ties the Knot (2002) is the third in the popular "Shopaholic" series. It is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella, a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It follows the story of Becky Bloomwood and her boyfriend (later fiancé) Luke Brandon as they become engaged and plan their wedding.
Plot synopsis.
The book opens with Becky living with her boyfriend Luke in Manhattan's West Village. She has finally found her career calling as a personal shopper at Barney’s and is happily helping her best friend Suze plan her wedding. Becky's best friend, Danny, helps her making a bridesmaid's dress. That night, Luke, Danny and Becky discuss when Becky will get married. She replies that she will get married in ten years, much to Luke's disbelief. A few days before the wedding, Becky learns that Suze is pregnant. Becky is shocked when she catches Suze’s bouquet and finds a marriage proposal from Luke in it. 
Suddenly, she finds herself caught in the middle between her mother and Luke’s mother, both of whom want to throw her a lavish wedding, one at her childhood home in England and one at the Plaza Hotel in New York on the same day. On one hand, Becky wanted to get married at home. On the other, she wanted to have a gorgeous wedding at the Plaza, and being the 'special, glossy' person for the day. As she sees more and more preparations done on both sides, it's even more difficult for her to say no to either one. If Becky gives up the Plaza, she'll have to pay a penalty of a hundred thousand. Becky has no way of paying - and she can't possibly ask Luke or else he will get suspicious. During that time, she confronts Elinor for her own behavior in the way she treated him all his life. This in turn made her despise Becky for calling her out about that and reveals that she thinks she's not good enough for Luke. Becky decides to bargain with Elinor about having her wedding at the Plaza in exchange that she writes down her confession in everything that she did including abandoning Luke and take responsibility for herself.
Meanwhile, Laurel, Becky's favorite customer at Barney's, is devastated about her ex-husband, Bill's, much younger girlfriend, Amy Forrester. Laurel tells Becky that she suspects Amy has been stealing some of her jewelry, including a green pendant her grandmother gave her. After Becky helps Laurel get all of her jewelry back, Laurel promises she will help Becky with anything she wants as a wedding gift. In the end, Becky finds a great idea - first attend the Plaza wedding (and pretend to get married) and then take a private jet provided by Laurel's company to England and really get married at Becky's home. At the end of the novel, Becky reveals to Luke that she had cashed in their New York wedding gifts booked two first-class travel-around-the-world tickets for their honeymoon.

</doc>
<doc id="18703015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703015" title="William and Jane Phinney House">
William and Jane Phinney House

William and Jane Phinney House is a historic house at 555 Phinney's Lane in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1730 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703021" title="Mike Crispino">
Mike Crispino

Mike Crispino is an American sportscaster who currently serves as the radio play-by-play announcer for the New York Knicks as well as host of the MSG Network's golf show, The Road to the Barclays. Crispino is also the lead play by play announcer for St. John's Red Storm Men's Basketball team on WEPN.
Crispino began his career in 1984 at WRCH Radio and WVIT-TV in Hartford. From 1988 to 1992, Crispino was the sports director of WLVI-TV in Boston. There he called Boston Celtics games during the 1989-1990 season and New England Patriots pre-season games in 1992. Crispino's sports department was named the "Best in New England" by the Associated Press in 1989 and 1990. From 1988-92, he called the play-by-play for college basketball games on ESPN and SportsChannel, while also calling college football, boxing, baseball, and lacrosse for the New England Sports Network. Crispino also hosted a talk show at WEEI concurrently to working at WLVI.
Crispino was hired by MSG in 1992 to host MSG SportsDesk and Knicks GameNight. He has since served in a multitude of roles including stints as host of The St. John's Report, Yankees Scorecard, and Heineken Jets Journal. Crispino has also served as a clubhouse reporter for the New York Yankees, a fill-in play by play announcer for the New York Mets, and as the studio host for New York Rangers and New York Liberty. Crispino has called the Colgate Games, the PSAL Championships and Golden Gloves Boxing. At FSN New York, Crispino hosted New Jersey Nets and New York Islanders telecasts.
Outside of MSG, Crispino has served as a play by play announcer for the New York Giants, New York Jets, New York CityHawks, PGA Golf, and Bridgeport Bluefish, and was a sports anchor at WNBC-TV from 2005-2007. He also calls basketball for the Big Ten Network.
Nationally, Crispino has hosted College Football Saturday and NCAA baseball regionals for CSTV. From 2002-2006, he served as ESPN's play-by-play announcer for the U.S. Open, NCAA wrestling and tennis, Major League Lacrosse and also called regional college football and basketball games for ESPN Plus. During this time Crispino hosted "Sports Talk" for ESPN Radio. Crispino also hosted Gamenights and Insiders for NBA TV.

</doc>
<doc id="18703026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703026" title="Truro Town Hall">
Truro Town Hall

Truro Town Hall, formerly Union Hall, is the town hall of Truro, Massachusetts. It is located on Town Hall Road, east of Massachusetts Route 6. The two story wood frame building was built in 1848 to serve as a meeting place for several fraternal organizations, including the International Order of Odd Fellows and the Sons of Temperance. It served these organizations for only a few years, and was rented by the town for town meetings for a time before being purchased by the town. The building exhibits Greek Revival features, including corner pilasters and a deep architrave. The roof is topped by an octagonal cupola mounted on a square structure.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 as "Union Hall".

</doc>
<doc id="18703033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703033" title="Johnny Brenner">
Johnny Brenner

Johnny Brenner (born 1971) is a retired Irish hurling midfielder who formerly played with De La Salle GAA at club level and with Waterford GAA at inter-county level. 
Johnny was part of Waterford's 1992 All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship winning team. Johnny also played at senior level for Waterford GAA up until 1998, making a brief return for the 2001 All-Ireland Hurling Championship.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18703034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703034" title="United States Customshouse (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
United States Customshouse (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

The U.S. Customshouse (now known as the Coast Guard Heritage Museum and the Donald G. Trayser Memorial Museum) is a historic customs house and United States Coast Guard museum on Cobbs Hill at 3353 Main Street/Massachusetts Route 6A, in Barnstable, Massachusetts. It is now home to the Coast Guard Heritage Museum.
History.
The Italianate building was constructed in 1855 as part of the U.S. Customs District of Barnstable. After serving as a customshouse, the building then became a post office. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. In 2005 the Coast Guard Museum opened in the building. It is currently owned by the Town of Barnstable.
The Old Jail (1690) is located on the museum grounds adjacent to the customshouse after being moved from another location nearby. There is also a working blacksmith shop with daily demonstrations on the museum grounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18703036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703036" title="Glen, Montana">
Glen, Montana

Glen is an unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana, United States. Although Glen is unincorporated, it has a post office with a ZIP code of 59732. Glen lies on U.S. Route 91 south of Melrose and north of Dillon.

</doc>
<doc id="18703049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703049" title="Tor Hamer">
Tor Hamer

Tor Hamer (born January 20, 1983) is an American boxer from New York best known for winning the National Golden Gloves 2008 at super heavyweight. Raised in Harlem as well as suburban Baltimore, he attended private and charter schools until attending Penn State for his B.A. He has a Harvard-educated father and a Villanova-educated mother, both of whom work in education.
Amateur.
Hamer was trained at Gleason's Gym. At the National Championships, he narrowly lost to southpaw and eventual winner Lenroy Thompson. He beat him in the quarterfinal of the Golden Gloves avenging his only loss. Hamer is 2-0 against fellow New Yorker Kimdo Bethel. His amateur record was 34-1.
Pro.
He turned pro for Lou DiBella on October 22, 2008, he made his debut against Joseph Rabotte stopping him in the 2nd round. He suffered his first loss, on points, to undefeated Kelvin Price. In June 2012 he won the second edition of the Prizefighter International Heavyweights, which took place in London. After beating Marcelo Luiz Nascimento by unanimous decision and knocking out Tom Dallas (15-2) in 29 seconds, he beat the pre-tournament betting favorite Kevin Johnson (26-1) in the final. Later, however, he lost against Vyacheslav Glazkov and Andy Ruiz by quitting early on his stool so his heart is widely doubted.

</doc>
<doc id="18703057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703057" title="Townsend House (Wellfleet, Massachusetts)">
Townsend House (Wellfleet, Massachusetts)

The Townsend House is a historic house at 290 Paine Hollow Road in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. The 1.5 story full Cape style wood frame house was built in 1804, probably by Doctor James Townsend, whose descendants owned the house well into the 20th century. The most notable resident was Samuel Campbell, an English engineer who worked with Guglielmo Marconi on the transatlantic wireless facilities in Wellfleet.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18703065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703065" title="Town Hall Square Historic District">
Town Hall Square Historic District

The Town Hall Square Historic District is a historic district encompassing the center of Sandwich, Massachusetts. The original district was visually centered on Sandwich Town Hall, Shawme Pond, and the reconstructed Dexter Grist Mill. When first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, it was roughly bounded by Main, Grove, Water Sts., and Tupper Rd. from Beale Ave. to MA 6A. In 2010 the district was expanded, adding another and more than 150 contributing resources.
The Town Hall Square area of Sandwich has been an important civic location since the town was established in 1637. Early in its history the dike was built which impounds Shawme Pond, and a grist mill was established there. It remained an agrarian community, due in part to the lack of a good harbor, until 1825, when glassmaking began to develop as an industry. Two important civic buildings, the town hall, and the First Church of Christ, were built in 1837 and 1847, during this period of prosperity, but many older buildings including several First Period houses from the 17th century, also survive in the area. Most of the properties in the district were built after American independence and before 1850.
The expanded district also includes a number of houses from the second half of the 19th century, including several Queen Anne and Shingle style homes. There are four cemeteries in the district, including the original burying ground, whose oldest grave dates to 1663. There are four churches and two schools in the district, including the 1928 Henry T. Wing School at 35 Water Street, which is the largest building in the district.

</doc>
<doc id="18703069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703069" title="Joseph Williamson (philanthropist)">
Joseph Williamson (philanthropist)

Joseph Williamson (10 March 1769 – 1 May 1840) was an eccentric, businessman, property owner, and a philanthropist who is best known for the tunnels which were constructed under his direction in the Edge Hill area of Liverpool, England. His philanthropy earned him the nickname "The King of Edge Hill", whilst his tunnel-building activity earned him posthumous nicknames, including "The Mole of Edge Hill" and "The Mad Mole".
Biography.
For many years it was thought that Joseph Williamson was born in Warrington. However, research by staff and volunteers of the Williamson Tunnels Heritage Centre has shown that he was born in Yorkshire and that his father was a glassmaker in a small village near Barnsley. At an early age, his family moved to Warrington. In 1780, when he was aged 11, he left his family and went to Liverpool where he was employed in the tobacco and snuff business of Richard Tate. He gained promotion within the business and also developed his own merchant's business in partnership with Joseph Leigh. In 1787 Richard Tate died and control of the business passed to his son, Thomas Moss Tate. Williamson married Thomas' sister, Elizabeth, in St Thomas' Church, Liverpool in 1802. The following year Williamson purchased the business from Thomas Moss Tate and from this, together with his other business enterprises, he amassed a considerable fortune. In 1805 Williamson bought an area known as the Long Broom Field on Mason Street, Edge Hill, Liverpool, which was a largely undeveloped outcrop of sandstone and around this time moved into a house on Mason Street. He then began to build more houses in Mason Street which were built without any plans and which were "of the strangest description". The land behind the houses dropped sharply for about and, as it was the fashion to have large gardens and orchards behind them, he built brick arches onto which the gardens could be extended. Following this, he continued to employ his workmen, and recruited more, to perform tasks, some of which appeared to be useless, such as moving materials from one place to another and then back again. He also used the men to build a labyrinth of underground halls and brick-arched tunnels. Labour was plentiful at the time and with the ending of the Napoleonic wars in 1816, there were even more unemployed men in Liverpool. The tunnels were built at depths between and and they stretched for several miles.
Williamson retired from his business in 1818 but continued to be a landlord, one of his tenants being the Unitarian philosopher, James Martineau. His wife died in 1822 and he then became increasingly eccentric, devoting almost all of his time to supervising his excavations and tunnel-building. In the 1830s came into contact with George Stephenson who was building the extension of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway from Edge Hill to Lime Street stations and whose own excavations passed through those of Williamson. Williamson died in 1840 aged 71 at his home in Mason Street, the cause of death being "water on the chest". He was buried in the Tate family vault at St Thomas' Church and left an estate of £39,000. He left no immediate descendant. The tunnelling ceased with his death. In 1911 St Thomas' church was demolished. Many of the graves were removed but the Tate vault remained. In 1920 the site became a car park. During the Paradise Street development in 2005 the grave was discovered in an archaeological dig. The developers of the site, Grosvenor Henderson, plan to build a memorial garden to Williamson when the development is complete.
Personality.
There is much evidence of Williamson's eccentricity in addition to his tunnel-building activity. His own house and the other houses built under his direction were unorthodox and often impractical in design. On the day of his wedding, following the ceremony he went hunting, still dressed in his wedding clothes. On one occasion he invited guests for dinner but served them only a simple meal of porridge and hard biscuits. Many of the visitors then left. He described those who remained as his real friends and invited them to stay for a more lavish feast. Relationships with his wife were not always amicable and he said himself that they led a "cat and dog" life. On one occasion Williamson set free all the birds in his wife's aviary, declaring that it was a pity that men did not also have wings to enable them to enjoy liberty. His manner varied from being "rough and uncouth" to "kind and considerate". His clothes were patched and untidy but his underclothes were clean and fine. He was a religious man and held a pew at St Thomas' church.
Motivation.
The reasons for his building the tunnels have been widely discussed. According to Stonehouse, he was secretive about his motives. This has led to speculation that he was a member of an extremist religious sect fearing that the end of the world was near and that the tunnels were built to provide refuge for himself and his friends. However the most likely explanation is Williamson's own, that his workers "all received a weekly wage and were thus enabled to enjoy the blessing of charity without the attendant curse of stifled self respect", his prime motive being "the employment of the poor".
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="18703070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703070" title="Ukiangong Point">
Ukiangong Point

Ukiangong Point is the southwestern-most point on Butaritari atoll located in the Pacific Ocean island nation of Kiribati. It is located on the islet of Tabonohobi.
World War II.
Ukiangong Point was fired upon by the USS Nautilus shortly after 7 AM on August 17, 1942, after the submarine and the USS Argonaut had dropped Lieutenant Colonel Evans F. Carlson's Marine Raiders on the ocean side of Butaritari Island as part of the Makin Raid. Later in the war, the capture of Ukiangong point was an early objective in the U.S. Army's assault on Butaritari on November 20, 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18703071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703071" title="Town Boundary Markers of Barnstable, Massachusetts">
Town Boundary Markers of Barnstable, Massachusetts

The town of Barnstable, Massachusetts has four surviving stone markers that were used in colonial days to mark the town's boundaries with its neighbors. All four are listed on the National Register of Historic Places, three of them individually, and one as part of the Old King's Highway Historic District. Barnstable was established in 1639.
Race Lane marker.
On the south side of Race Lane, just west of Trotter's Lane, at , is a granite marker on the town line between Barnstable and Sandwich. The town line between these two towns was first laid out by the council of the Plymouth Colony in 1639, and has remained relatively stable since then. It is unknown when this rough granite marker was placed; on the street face it is marked with a B on the Barnstable side, and an S on the Sandwich side, with a carved vertical line between. This marker was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as "Town Boundary Marker".
High Street marker.
The High Street marker is located the north side of High Street (near #410), at , on the border between Sandwich and Barnstable. Its markings are similar to those on the Race Lane marker. This area of West Barnstable was not purchased by the colonists from the local Indians until 1644; the date of this marker's placement is also unknown. The marker was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as "Town Boundary Line Marker" in 1987.
Great Hill Road Marker.
The Great Hill Road marker was in 1987 located a short way north of the road's junction with Cedar Street, but these streets no longer meet. Like the High Street marker, it was probably not placed until after the area was purchased in 1644. It is marked similarly to the Race Lane and High Street markers. It was listed on the National Register in 1987 as "Town Line Boundary Marker".
Main Street Marker.
The fourth marker is located on the north side of Main Street (Massachusetts Route 6A) at the the Barnstable-Yarmouth line (). Unlike the others, it is a boulder-shaped marker, on which "Y+B" has been carved, with a wavy line beneath. It is believed to have been placed in the 18th century. The marker is a contributing resource to the Old King's Highway Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18703077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703077" title="Lung (disambiguation)">
Lung (disambiguation)

Lung is an organ for breathing.
Lung(s) may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703080" title="South Yarmouth/Bass River Historic District">
South Yarmouth/Bass River Historic District

The South Yarmouth/Bass River Historic District is a historic district in the southeastern part of Yarmouth, Massachusetts. It encompasses a predominantly residential area centered on a portion of Old Main Street and South Street between the villages of South Yarmouth and Bass River. The area's history is one of maritime-related industry from the late 18th to late 19th century, and then its growth as a tourist resort community. The distric was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Although Yarmouth was settled in the 17th century, its southern portions did not begin developing until around the time of American independence in the late 18th century, since much of the land had been set aside as an Indian reservation. A major smallpox epidemic crippled the Indian population, and the reservation lands were sold off. The area along the Bass River developed a maritime economy. By the turn of the 19th century it was one of the economic centers of Barnstable County. Although remnants of older buildings survive as parts of others, the oldest buildings in the district date to the 1790s, and the oldest major civic structure in the district is the Friends Meeting House (1809), and its adjacent burial ground.
With the growth of the maritime industries, a variety of housing was built between 1800 and the 1850s, in architectural styles (Cape, Federal, and Greek Revival) popular during that time. These forms are those most commonly seen in the district. Other churches joined the Quaker meeting house: the Baptist Church in 1826 and the Methodist Church in 1852. Maritime industry began a decline in the second half of the 19th century, but the arrival of the railroads heralded the beginning of the area's conversion to a summer resort destination, and the area around Main Street and the bridge across the Bass River took shape as the main village center of South Yarmouth with the construction of a number of retail and commercial buildings. A number of buildings in later 19th century styles, including Gothic, Queen Anne, and Craftsman styles, are included in the district.
In the 20th century, the development of Route 28 bypassed the section of Main Street (now Old Main Street), while other sections of Main Street which were included in expansions of Route 28 became more heavily developed with modern buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="18703085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703085" title="Santuit Historic District">
Santuit Historic District

Santuit Historic District is a historic district on MA 28 in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district features Italiante, Georgian and Federal style architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The Cahoon Museum, located within a house built in 1775, is within the district.

</doc>
<doc id="18703089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703089" title="Sandy Neck Cultural Resources District">
Sandy Neck Cultural Resources District

Sandy Neck Cultural Resources District is a historic district in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703094" title="Stunt cock">
Stunt cock

A stunt cock is the term for a substitute (sometimes prosthetic) penis that is used during the shooting of pornographic films.
The stunt cock is used in an extreme close up so as not to identify its bearer, the goal being to deceive the viewer into thinking that the stunt cock is actually the penis of the main actor. Thus a stunt cock is analogous to a "stunt man," who anonymously does dangerous live action sequences in place of the main actor. However, a stunt cock seldom performs dangerous acts on film. Though the term draws its name from this term, its practical application is more analogous to a body double.
Industry role.
Stunt cock work is a very common "workhorse" position in the pornography industry. The majority of prominent male pornographic actors have worked in this capacity at least once. Some actors work as stunt cocks specifically out of a desire for anonymity.
Work on a pornographic film can be very demanding, and it is often difficult for actors to perform on demand as needed. A common function of a stunt cock is to stand in for an actor who is unable to achieve erection or ejaculation or an actor who has a penis of a relatively small size, so that filming can continue on schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="18703104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703104" title="Shurlock Row">
Shurlock Row

Shurlock Row is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Waltham St Lawrence.
The settlement lies in the heart of the Thames Valley, north of the M4 motorway, and is located approximately south-west of Maidenhead.
History.
Billingbear Park, just south of the village, was the centre of Binfield Walke or Fines Bayliwick, the greatest of the sixteen red-deer stocked sub-divisions into which Windsor Forest was split. It was granted to Sir Henry Neville by Edward VI in 1549. He was the younger brother of the 5th Lord Bervagenny and a descendant of the Nevilles of Bisham & elsewhere. His fine monument (1593) can be seen in the parish church. Sir Henry’s son and namesake was Ambassador to France, but was implicated in the Earl of Essex’ plot against Elizabeth I and imprisoned in the Tower. During the Civil War, the area was deeply divided: Colonel Richard Neville of Billingbear House fighting on the opposite side to his Parliamentarian brother, Henry. After Charles II was restored to the throne, the house was the scene of a great dinner party. The King, the Duke of York, Prince Rupert and many other nobles rode over from Windsor in 1667. The fine Elizabethan House burnt down earlier this century.
It appears to have been in this area that Mabel or Arabella Elsmore, a local 17th century witch lived. She married one Ralph Medwin in 1622 and together they had at least two children. We know nothing of the crimes of which she was accused but, at the age of sixty-eight, she appears to have fallen victim to the witch-hunters of the age. She was executed (burnt?) at Reading in 1656 and buried at Waltham St Lawrence.
The Village Today.
Shurlock Row is a linear village. Until recently, there were two public houses in the village: The Royal Oak and The White Hart. The Royal Oak closed down in 2009 and is now a private dwelling named Morland House. When The White Hart came under threat, a group of 17 villagers bought the pub and turned it into a popular gastro-pub, called The Shurlock Inn. This is an uncommon success story which goes against the trend of disappearing village amenities across the country. Shurlock Row itself has lost its general store, butcher shop and post office in the last 20 years. The village church has also been converted into a residential property.
To the south of the village, farmland separates the houses from the M4 motorway. The pub and a garage are found in the centre of the village, amongst the main body of houses. The northern edge of the village is marked by the village pond, which lies next to a crossroads. To the north-west of the pond is the parish cricket ground and to the immediate north-east is Great Martins, a large house and former village brewery.
Due to the beauty of the settlement's buildings, surrounding woodland and farmland and its close proximity to London, Shurlock Row is an attractive and desirable village. Many villagers work in the local towns of Maidenhead, Reading and Bracknell, although there are a number who commute to London regularly. Popular sports in the area include cricket, cycling and horse riding. The village and surrounding area is also well known for its polo clubs and grounds. Shurlock Row is the home of the Zacara Polo Team, winners of the 2011 Veuve Clicquot Gold Cup for the British Open Polo Championship and the 2012 the U.S. Open Polo Championship.
The other village in the parish, Waltham St Lawrence, is larger and provides a number of amenities that Shurlock Row lacks, including a church and village hall, so many village events and meetings are held there.
In popular culture.
In Shurlock Row is set the story "Statistician's Day" by James Blish.

</doc>
<doc id="18703106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703106" title="Samuel Smith Tavern Site">
Samuel Smith Tavern Site

The Samuel Smith Tavern Site is a historic archeological site in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. It encompasses the remains of a late 17th century tavern operated by Samuel Smith, owner of Great Island, which shelters Wellfleet Harbor. The tavern site is located within the Cape Cod National Seashore, and is accessible via the Great Island Trail.
The tavern site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18703111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703111" title="Butyltin trichloride">
Butyltin trichloride

Monobutyltin trichloride, also known as MBTC, is an organotin compound. Monobutyltin trichloride is commonly used in Chemical vapor deposition (CVD) to deposit a tin-based coating onto flat glass.
Applications.
Glass coating.
Monobutyltin trichloride is primarily used to deposit tin dioxide coatings on glass, which are low-emssivity and transparent to visible light, reflect infrared light, and provide a high conductance and a low sheet resistance. The tin dioxide coatings are typically doped with other materials, like fluorine or antimony to enhance certain properties.
For example, MBTC is used in the manufacturing process of glass containers such as those used for beers, spirits, and juices. These glass-making processes heat raw materials (sand, soda-ash, limestone, and recycled glass) to produce molten glass. The molten glob is cut into smaller pieces of uniform size, and are then pressed in a mold. MBTC is applied on the external surface of these containers, and then, the glass is annealed and coated with polyethylene.
MBTC is a commonly used organotin compound for on-line chemical vapor deposition because it readily decomposes at or close to the hot glass surface. The tin dioxide coatings formed are transparent to visible light, reflect infrared light, and are highly conductive. If these coatings are doped with fluorine from a source like trifluoroacetic acid (TFA), the coating will also have a lowered emissivity.
PVC stabilizer.
Monobutyltin trichloride is used as a polyvinyl chloride (PVC) stabilizer. PVC is used in mass production for various objects. One such object is a PVC based container for various wines and brandies (especially those produced in Canada). Consequently, the MBTC leeches into the wine along with other organotin compounds (some of which are used as wood preservatives for the wine barrels). These compounds are toxic to the human body, and the amount of organotin compounds, especially MBTC, have been the subject of a lot of food-safety based research.
Another object PVC is used in is pipe production. Since these pipes are used to carry drinking water, the MBTC is leeching into the drinking water supply. The EPA believes this is a great threat.
Safety.
Monobutyltin trichloride is strongly corrosive, and can cause severe burns to the eyes and blindness as well as burns to the skin. Organotin compounds can act as delayed poisons, and consequently, they can cause headaches, dizziness, psycho-neurologic disturbances, sore throat, vomiting, urine retention, vision impairment, skin burns, and liver and kidney damage.
Monobutyltin trichloride is a serious safety concern, for it is found in many unexpected places. It is found in drinking water, for it leeches out of PVC piping into drinking streams. It is also found in white wine and brandies that are stored in PVC containers.

</doc>
<doc id="18703112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703112" title="Alan Tunbridge">
Alan Tunbridge

Alan Tunbridge is an English artist, book dust-jacket illustrator and songwriter.
Life and work.
Normally painting in oils, Alan Tunbridge has also designed a great number of book dust-jacket illustrations, mainly in Scraperboard.
He is particularly noted for his songwriting. Many of his songs have been recorded by his friend Wizz Jones, the noted folk and Country blues singer and guitarist. With Jones, Tunbridge ran the ground-breaking MOJO Folk club at the King's Arms pub in Putney, South London in the early 1960s. Often he wrote the words spontaneously to Wizz Jones' chord sequences. His songs are also in the repertoires of Ralph McTell, John Renbourn, Maggie Holland and others. McTell was inspired by Tunbridge's lyrics of the evocative "National Seven" to tread the road which bears this name down to the south of France. The title of Bert Jansch's biography 'Dazzling Stranger' originated from the title of a Tunbridge song.
Alan Tunbridge spent a number of years studying the teachings of the mystic G. I. Gurdjieff (the Fourth Way) with J.G. Bennett at Coombe Springs, and later spent time with the Sufi teacher Idries Shah.
Alan now lives in Sydney, and no longer writes songs. From 1999 to 2009 he focussed on using his writing and design skills to help develop the Schizophrenia Research Institute in Australia, of which he was a founding Director. This commitment was undertaken because his eldest son became affected by the illness. He retired from this role in 2009 to pursue his painting activities.
Recorded songs.
Alan Tunbridge's recorded songs include:
† jointly with Wizz Jones

</doc>
<doc id="18703115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703115" title="Matthias Smith House">
Matthias Smith House

Matthias Smith House is a historic house at 375 Cedar Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1760 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703116" title="David Swift">
David Swift

David Swift may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703124" title="Séminaire Sainte-Marie">
Séminaire Sainte-Marie

History.
The institution was founded in 1950 as an all-boy classical college. In the wake of the education reform implemented during the Quiet Revolution, the Séminaire became a secondary school (middle and high school levels) and opened its doors to female students.
Well until the late 1980s, it offered compulsory Latin studies. The school has been hosting an IB Diploma Programme since 1998.
Prominent Alumni.
The Séminaire's former students include:

</doc>
<doc id="18703126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703126" title="Teaticket School">
Teaticket School

Teaticket School is a historic school at 340 Teaticket Hwy, MA 28 at Sandwich Road in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The school was built in 1927 and added to the National Historic Register in 2002.
The building is currently used as the Administration Building for the Falmouth Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="18703127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703127" title="Central Department of Social Affairs">
Central Department of Social Affairs

The Central Department of Social Affairs (CDSA) (Chinese: 中央社会部) was the intelligence & counter-intelligence organ of the Chinese Communist Party leadership prior to the founding of the PRC in 1949.
History.
The creation of the Central Department of Social Affairs (CDSA) followed a decision taken by the Chinese Communist Party’s Central Secretariat on 18 February 1939. The decision assigned to the department some five major tasks, including those of overseeing CCP counter-intelligence work and intelligence. An alternative designation of the department at this early stage was the ”Central Commission for Enemy Area Operations.” 
The first director of the CDSA was Kang Sheng. By the time the Chinese Civil War flared up again after WW2, Kang had been replaced by his senior deputy Li Kenong as acting director. Li was officially department director in August 1949, when the CDSA was dissolved and its tasks parceled out to other agencies. After the founding of the PRC, domestic counter-intelligence work was at the central level managed by the Ministry of Public Security of the People's Republic of China, while the task of collecting political and military intelligence overseas was assigned to the Intelligence Department of the Central Military Commission. In 1955, the task of political intelligence work was transferred to a newly created communist party body, the CCP Central Investigation Department (CID) with Li Kenong as its first director. Today, China’s Ministry of Public Security and Ministry of State Security of the People's Republic of China (which succeeded the CID in 1983) both trace their institutional origins to the CDSA. 
Worth noting in an institutional history context is the fact that some of the CDSA’s sub-national counterparts (e.g. the Department of Social Affairs of the CCP Committee of province X) continued to exist as party bodies for quite some time after the founding of the PRC. In the Tibet Autonomous Region, the Department of Social Affairs of the regional CCP Committee (orig. Work Committee) was not abolished until 2 May 1961.
Leadership.
Directors: Kang Sheng (October 1939-1948?), Li Kenong (acting dir. May 1948-?; ?-August 1949)
Deputy directors: Kong Yuan (October 1939-), Pan Hannian (October 1939-), Li Kenong (March 1941-), Chen Gang (November 1945-August 1949), Tan Zhengwen (June 1948-November 1949), Liu Shaowen (May 1948-)

</doc>
<doc id="18703133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703133" title="1997 in Paraguayan football">
1997 in Paraguayan football

The following article presents a summary of the 1997 football (soccer) season in Paraguay.
results.
Torneo Apertura.
The Apertura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. After every draw during this stage the game went on to a penalty kick shootout, awarding two points to the winner of the shootout and one point to the losing team. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Apertura champion.
Apertura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Apertura final.
Cerro P. wins the Apertura tournament.
Torneo Clausura.
The Clausura tournament was played in a single all-play-all system. After every draw during this stage the game went on to a penalty kick shootout, awarding two points to the winner of the shootout and one point to the losing team. At the end, the top eight teams qualified to a playoff stage to determine the Clausura champion.
Clausura playoff stage.
The top eight teams qualified to this stage and were given bonus points based on their final standing in the table. Two groups of four teams were made, with the top two of each group advancing to a playoff stage.
Group stage.
Group A
Group B
Clausura final.
Olimpia wins the Clausura tournament.
National championship game.
The national championship game was played between the Apertura and Clausura tournaments winners.
Olimpia declared as national champions by aggregate score of 2-1.
Paraguay national team.
The following table lists all the games played by the Paraguay national football team in official competitions during 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18703145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703145" title="Royal Heroine">
Royal Heroine

Royal Heroine (1980–2002) was an Thoroughbred Champion racehorse foaled in Ireland who raced in England and France and then in the United States where she set a North American record for a mile on turf while winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Mile in 1984.
Background.
Bred by Larry Ryan, a chairman of the Irish National Stud, Royal Heroine was out of the mare My Sierra Leone, a daughter of the 1963 Epsom Derby winner, Relko. Her sire, Lypheor, was a son of Lyphard who twice had been the Leading sire in France. Raced by one of the United Kingdom's most prominent horsemen, Robert Sangster, her trainer in Europe was Sir Michael Stoute.
Racing career.
Europe.
Racing at age two, Royal Heroine won two of four starts including a victory in the Princess Margaret Stakes at Ascot Racecourse. At age three, she won England's Child Stakes at the Newmarket Racecourse and the Prix de l'Opéra at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris, France.
North America.
Royal Heroine was sent to race on the West Coast of the United States where she was conditioned by trainer John Gosden. At age four, her career almost ended when she was the third horse in a three-horse accident during the running of the Santa Ana Handicap. Although two horses died and Royal Heroine's jockey Fernando Toro was hospitalized, she came out of the accident with only minor scratches. Recovered, she went on win four major races plus she won the Palomar Handicap but was disqualified to third.
1984 Breeders' Cup.
In winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Mile at Hollywood Park Racetrack, Royal Heroine defeated a field of nine male horses. Ridden by Fernando Toro, she set a track and North American record for a mile on turf.
Honors.
Her performances in 1984 earned her American Champion Female Turf Horse honors.
Hollywood Park Racetrack named a stakes race in Royal Heroine's honor which was changed in 2006 to the CashCall Mile Invitational Stakes.
Breeding record.
Retired for breeding, Royal Heroine produced seven foals. Although bred to notable sires such as Sadler's Wells and American Triple Crown winner, Affirmed, none achieved success in racing. However, her daughter Castilian Queen (Diesis) did produce the French Grade 1 Prix de l'Abbaye winner Carmine Lake (Royal Academy).
According to the British "Racing Post", Royal Heroine died at age twenty-two.

</doc>
<doc id="18703146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703146" title="Main Line Through Upper Norrland">
Main Line Through Upper Norrland

The Main Line Through Upper Norrland () is a long railway line between Bräcke, Jämtland County and Boden, Norrbotten County in Sweden. For military and regional policy reasons, it was built in very sparsely populated areas, far away from the more densely populated coast. The line has several branches to settlements on the coast, the ones to Umeå and Luleå being considered part of the line itself. Today the three largest settlements along the line are Boden (pop 18800), Älvsbyn (pop 5500) and Vännäs (pop 4100).
The line is dominated by freight traffic. The railway has between Umeå and Luleå two passenger night trains per night and direction, and three day trains per direction (2013). In 2010, the Bothnia Line opened, which parallels the Main Line Through Upper Norrland along the coast from Sundsvall to Umeå, and from 2013 passenger traffic moved to the Bothnia Line and ended between Bräcke and Vännäs. The North Bothnia Line is under planning, and will in a future allow high-speed trains to run to Luleå.

</doc>
<doc id="18703148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703148" title="Three Sisters of Nauset">
Three Sisters of Nauset

The Three Sisters of Nauset are a trio of historic lighthouses off Cable Road in Eastham, Massachusetts. One of them, The Beacon, remained in service longer than the others. 
Construction.
The first set of lighthouses were commissioned by Congress in 1837 and built for $10,000, to provide for a light halfway along the eastern coast of Cape Cod. Because there was one light (the Cape Cod Light) in Truro, and two lights (the Twin Lights) in Chatham, it was decided that there should be three lights to distinguish between the other lights. Built apart in a straight line along the crest of the cliffs, they were brick, tall and wide at the base, and wide at the lantern deck. Each was painted white with black lantern decks, which lent to their looking like three ladies with white dresses and black bonnets - the birth of the name "Three Sisters." 
Replacement lighthouses.
By 1890, however, the three lights were dangerously close to the cliff's edge. Since it was impossible at the time to move the three lights intact, three wooden lighthouses with otherwise identical markings were built in 1892 to replace the former lights, each built west of their original sites and using the lenses from the originals. 
The Beacon.
However, erosion continued, and by 1911, with the northernmost light only eight feet from the cliff, it was decided to move the lights back again. At this time only the center light was lit, with a triple flash in homage of her two decommissioned sisters, and became known as The Beacon. In 1918, with both their lanterns removed, the decommissioned north and south lights were purchased and incorporated into a summer cottage along Cable Road. The Beacon, which was now attached to the oil house, was in disrepair, and following its decommission, the northern "Twin Light" of Chatham was moved north to Eastham, to a site near the original lights, becoming the Nauset Light. 
Renovation for the National Register of Historic Places.
The Beacon was incorporated into a summer cottage, where it stayed until 1975, when it was purchased by the National Park Service. It was moved to a field to join its sisters, who had been bought ten years earlier, and, following their listing on the National Register of Historic Places, the three were renovated to their current state, less than west of their replacement and in their original configuration.

</doc>
<doc id="18703151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703151" title="2001 Gold Flake Open – Singles">
2001 Gold Flake Open – Singles

Jérôme Golmard was the defending champion but lost in the second round to Adrian Voinea. 
Michal Tabara won in the final 6–2, 7–6(7–4) against Andrei Stoliarov.

</doc>
<doc id="18703154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703154" title="Josiah Tobey House">
Josiah Tobey House

Josiah Tobey House is a historic house at 67 Oxbow Road in Falmouth, Massachusetts.
The house was added to the National Historic Register in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18703157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703157" title="Snelsmore">
Snelsmore

Snelsmore is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Chieveley. The settlement lies near to junction 13 of the M4 motorway, and is located approximately north of Newbury.
Transport.
Bus travel from Newbury is provided by Newbury and District service 107.

</doc>
<doc id="18703159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703159" title="Preparation (physics)">
Preparation (physics)

Generally, measuring instruments are meant to get the (pre-)existent value of a physical quantity of a system with as little change of, or interaction with the system as possible. — If a measuring instrument fixes a physical quantity of a physical system for further use (post-existent), then the measurement process is called preparation. 
For example, a graduated cylinder filled to a definite mark prepares a certain volume of the liquid for further use. 
Though preparation measures a physical quantity — at least by fixing it — it often destroys previous states of the physical system. This is usually experienced in quantum mechanics.

</doc>
<doc id="18703160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703160" title="Dionigi da Palacenza Carli">
Dionigi da Palacenza Carli

Dionigi da Palacenza Carli was a Capuchin missionary in Africa, in the seventeenth century.
He was one of a band of Franciscan friars of the Capuchin Reform, sent out to the Congo in 1666. One of his companions was Padre Michele Angelo Guattini da Rhegio, who wrote an account of the voyage of the missionaries from Genoa to Lisbon and thence to Brazil, Loanda, and the Congo, that being the route the missionaries had to take to get to their destination.
Works.
Padre Michele Angelo died shortly after his arrival in the Congo, leaving his manuscript in the hands of Dionigi Carli, who, on his return to Italy a few years afterwards owing to sickness, wrote an account of his own experiences in the Congo and on his homeward journey. Carli published at Rhegio in 1672 his own work together with that of Guattini under the title: "Il Moro transportato in Venezia ovvero curioso raconto de' Costumi, Riti et Religione de' Populi dell' Africa, America, Asia ed Europa". A second edition appeared at Bologna in 1674. An English translation is published in Churchill, "Voyages" (London, 1704), I. 
Carli gave a detailed description of the manners and customs of the Congolese, and of the doings of the missionaries. He tells how the friars died in numbers, owing to the climate, and speaks with discouragement of the peculiar difficulties of the situation. He trusts that some of the 2700 children he baptized will reach Heaven and be to his credit as a missionary in the judgment book of God. Finally he gives some account of the various cities he passed through in Portugal, Spain, and France on his way home.

</doc>
<doc id="18703163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703163" title="Etrog (political term)">
Etrog (political term)

Etrog has become an epithet in the Israeli politics for a politician whom journalists prefer not to criticize in order to pave his way to a certain political position, or in order to promote common interests. The first use of this metaphor is attributed to the Israeli journalist Amnon Abramovich. In February 2005, during Ariel Sharon's campaign to promote his disengagement plan, Abramovich (who supported the plan) said that Israeli journalists should treat Sharon like an etrog: as long as the disengagement plan was not completed they should cherish him and refrain from attacking him, but once the plan was carried out they should treat him like an etrog after the holiday is over, i.e. stop protecting him. This metaphor caught on quickly, and today it is not uncommon to use the term as a verb, e.g. "The press etrogs certain ministers" (לְאַתְרֵג).

</doc>
<doc id="18703167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703167" title="Saunders-Paine House">
Saunders-Paine House

The Saunders-Paine House is a historic house at 260 Paine Hollow Road in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. This 1.5 story Federal style Cape was built in the 1820s; its first known owner was Charles Saunders, who married Mary Cole Paine sometime before 1837. The house has a central chimney, pilastered corner boards, and a center entry with a five-light transom window.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="18703175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703175" title="The Beatnuts discography">
The Beatnuts discography

The Beatnuts are a hip hop group and production team hailing from Queens, New York. Its two current members, Psycho Les and Juju, have been involved in every Beatnuts album, while Al' Tariq left The Beatnuts after their . The Beatnuts have released six full-length studio albums, two extended plays, one instrumental album, three compilation albums and 21 singles. They have also been featured on other artists' songs as both vocalists and producers. The Beatnuts are known to self-produce all of their songs.
The Beatnuts' debut release was ', a 1993 EP released by Relativity Records. It contained two singles setting a minimum for the next two Beatnuts albums, 1994's ' and 1997's "Stone Crazy". 1997 also saw the release of "Hydra Beats, Vol. 5", an instrumental album marketed by Hydra Entertainment instead of The Beatnuts' label Relativity. The Beatnuts followed it up with 1998's "", a remix EP containing one previously unreleased track and 1999's hit album "A Musical Massacre". Each of these records was released by Relativity Records, but The Beatnuts would soon find themselves signed to Relativity's sister label Loud Records. On Loud, The Beatnuts released 2001's "Take It or Squeeze It", but they soon left the label to join the indie label Landspeed Records. They then released the 2002 album "The Originators" to critical success and commercial failure. The Beatnuts next and last album, 2004's "Milk Me", was released by Penalty to slightly better commercial reception than "The Originators".

</doc>
<doc id="18703177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703177" title="Santuit Post Office">
Santuit Post Office

Santuit Post Office is a historic post office on Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The office was built in 1846 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703187" title="1971 in chess">
1971 in chess

Events in chess in 1971;
Top players.
FIDE top 10 by Elo rating - January 1971

</doc>
<doc id="18703188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703188" title="Sampson's Folly-Josiah Sampson House">
Sampson's Folly-Josiah Sampson House

Sampson's Folly-Josiah Sampson House is a historic house at 40 Old King's Road in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Federal style house was built in 1807 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703193" title="Gyeonggibuk Science High School">
Gyeonggibuk Science High School

Gyeonggibuk Science High School(GBS, ) is a science high school in Uijeongbu, Republic of Korea established in 2005. It was called Uijeongbu Science High School(UIS) before January 7, 2008. Some Korean students called GBS "Uigwak" which is from the pronunciation of UIS.
There are about 230 students. Most students go on ddto ueniversity in the second year. GBS covers an area of 25,000㎡ with 18 classrooms and 16 laboratories. All students live in the dormitory. Two students use one room.
The mark of GBS.
The vertical line at the center of the crest represents a pen, which suggests that GBS should be a place of seeking after truth and should be open to all talented students. The letter "S" represents "Science," the arching black line around it symbolizes the orbit of an electron, and "●" symbolizes the atomic nucleus.
Sisterly Relationship.
In 2006, GBS set up sisterly relationship with National Hsinchu Senior High School in Taiwan

</doc>
<doc id="18703198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703198" title="Rowell House">
Rowell House

The Rowell House is a historic house at 595 Gull Pond Road in Wellfleet, Massachusetts. A small 1.5 story Cape style house, it was probably built c. 1731, and is probably one of the oldest houses in Wellfleet. It has three bays, with a large chimney behind the leftmost bay, a configuration that would have allowed for the eventual enlarging of the house. The house was owned early in the 19th century by the Rowell sisters.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18703201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703201" title="Goulston Street graffito">
Goulston Street graffito

The Goulston Street graffito was some writing on a wall that was found beside a clue in the 1888 Whitechapel murders investigation. The meaning of the graffito, and its possible connection to the crimes attributed to Jack the Ripper, have been debated for over a century.
Discovery.
The Whitechapel murders were a series of brutal attacks on women in the Whitechapel district in the East End of London that occurred between 1888 and 1891. Five of the murders are generally attributed to "Jack the Ripper", whose identity remains unknown, while the perpetrator(s) of the remaining six cannot be verified or are disputed.
After the murders of Elizabeth Stride and Catherine Eddowes during the night of 30 September 1888, police searched the area near the crime scenes in an effort to locate a suspect, witnesses or evidence. At about 3:00 a.m., Constable Alfred Long of the Metropolitan Police Force discovered a dirty, bloodstained piece of an apron in the stairwell of a tenement, 108 to 119 Model dwellings, Goulston Street, Whitechapel.
The cloth was later confirmed as being a part of the apron worn by Catherine Eddowes. Above it, there was writing in white chalk on either the wall or the black brick jamb of the entranceway.
Versions.
Long reported that it read, "The Juwes are the men that will not be blamed for nothing." Detective Constable Daniel Halse of the City of London Police, arrived a short time later, and took down a different version: "The Juwes are not the men who will be blamed for nothing." A third version, "The Juws are not the men To be blamed for nothing", was recorded by City surveyor, Frederick William Foster. A copy according with Long's version of the message was attached to a report from Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Charles Warren to the Home Office.
Anti-semitic feeling.
Since the murder of Mary Ann Nichols on 31 August 1888, rumours had been circulating that the killings were the work of a Jew dubbed "Leather Apron", which had resulted in antisemitic demonstrations. One Jew, John Pizer, who had a reputation for violence against prostitutes and was nicknamed "Leather Apron" from his trade as a bootmaker, was arrested but released after his alibis for the murders were corroborated.
Police Superintendent Thomas Arnold visited the scene and saw the writing. Later, in his report of 6 November to the Home Office, he claimed, that with the strong feeling against the Jews that already existed, the message might have become the means of causing a riot:
Religious tensions were already high, and there had already been many near-riots. Arnold ordered a man to be standing by with a sponge to erase the writing, while he consulted Commissioner Warren. Covering it in order to allow time for a photographer to arrive or removing a portion of it were considered, but Arnold and Warren (who personally attended the scene) considered this to be too dangerous, and Warren later stated he "considered it desirable to obliterate the writing at once".
Investigation.
While the Goulston Street graffito was found in Metropolitan Police territory, the apron piece was from a victim killed in the City of London, which has a separate police force. Some officers disagreed with Arnold and Warren's decision, especially those representing the City of London Police, who thought the writing constituted part of a crime scene and should at least be photographed before being erased, but it was wiped from the wall at 5:30 a.m. 
According to the police officer supervising the Whitechapel murders investigation, the writing on the wall did not match the handwriting of the notorious "Dear Boss" letter, which claimed responsibility for the killings and used the signature "Jack the Ripper". Contemporary police concluded that the text was a semi-literate attack on the area's Jewish population.
The Police interviewed all the residents of 108–119 Goulston Street, but were unable to trace either the writer of the graffito or the murderer. 
According to historian Philip Sugden there are at least three permissible interpretations of this particular clue: "All three are feasible, not one capable of proof." The first is that the writing was not the work of the murderer at all: the apron piece was dropped by the writing either incidentally or by design. The second would be to "take the murderer at his word"—a Jew incriminating himself and his people. The third interpretation was, according to Sugden, the one most favoured at the Scotland Yard and by "Old Jewry": The chalk message was a deliberate subterfuge, designed to incriminate the Jews and throw the police off the track of the real murderer.
Walter Dew, a detective constable in Whitechapel, tended to think that the writing was irrelevant and unconnected to the murder. Whereas Chief Inspector Henry Moore and Sir Robert Anderson, both from Scotland Yard, thought that the graffito was the work of the murderer.
Interpretation.
Author Martin Fido notes that the writing included a double negative, a common feature of Cockney speech. He suggests that the writing might be translated into standard English as "Jews will not take responsibility for anything" and that the message was written by someone who believed he or she had been wronged by one of the many Jewish merchants or tradesmen in the area.
In the controversial book "Jack the Ripper: British Intelligence Agent", author and "master of the paranormal" Tom Slemen claims that "Juwes" is a Manchurian word meaning "two", and that Sir Charles Warren, a respected archaeologist who had knowledge of both the Biblical and Manchu languages, must have recognised the out-of-place word, and yet claimed he was baffled by the reference. In 1909 (says Slemens), Warren presided over a lecture with Claude Reignier Conder entitled "The Origins of the Chinese" at London's Caxton Hall, in which the similarities to the Manchu and European languages were pointed out, and the word "Juwe" was said to be the root of the English words "dual", "duet", "duo". Slemen uses this theory to finger Conder as the Ripper.
A contemporaneous explanation was offered by Robert D'Onston Stephenson, a journalist and writer interested in the occult and black magic. In an article (signed "One Who Thinks He Knows") in the "Pall Mall Gazette" of 1 December 1888, Stephenson concluded from the overall sentence construction, the double negative, the double definite article "the Juwes are the men", and the unusual misspelling that the Ripper was most probably French. Stephenson claimed that an "uneducated Englishman" or "ignorant Jew" was unlikely to misspell "Jew", whereas it was similar to the French "juives". He excluded French-speaking Swiss and Belgians from his suspicions because "the idiosyncrasy of both those nationalities is adverse to this class of crime. On the contrary, in France, the murdering of prostitutes has long been practised, and has been considered to be almost peculiarly a French crime." This claim was disputed by a native French speaker in a letter to the editor of that same publication that ran on 6 December.
Author Stephen Knight suggested that "Juwes" referred not to "Jews," but to Jubela, Jubelo and Jubelum, the three killers of Hiram Abiff, a semi-legendary figure in Freemasonry, and furthermore, that the message was written by the killer (or killers) as part of a Masonic plot. There is, however, no evidence that anyone prior to Knight had ever referred to those three figures by the term "Juwes". Knight's suggestion was used in fictional treatments of the murders, such as the film "Murder by Decree", and the graphic novel "From Hell" by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell.
In addition to the confusion over the exact wording and meaning of the phrase, and whether it was written by the murderer or not, author and former homicide detective Trevor Marriott raised another possibility: the piece of apron may not necessarily have been dropped by the murderer on his way back to the East End from Mitre Square. The victim herself might have used it as a sanitary towel, and dropped it on her way from the East End to Mitre Square. In Marriott's own words, however, it is an explanation that "many experts will regard as unbelievable".
Inconclusive.
To this day it is not fully agreed upon whether or not the graffito is relevant to the murders. Many modern researchers prefer the latter explanation, believing the apron fragment was discarded rather than placed and the presence of the graffiti was coincidental. They cite that antisemitic graffiti was commonplace in Whitechapel at the time and that such behaviors as specific placement of evidence and taking the time to write a message while evading the police is inconsistent with most existing profiles of the killer.

</doc>
<doc id="18703202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703202" title="Konstantin Orbelyan">
Konstantin Orbelyan

Konstantin Aghaparoni Orbelyan (Russian: Орбелян, Константин Агапаронович; Armenian Կոնստանտին Օրբելյան) born July 29, 1928, Armavir, Russia) is an Armenian pianist, composer, head of the State Estrada Orchestra of Armenia. People's Artist of USSR (1979), Union of Soviet Composers Board member, Armenian Composer's Union secretary since 1983, Vice-President of All-Soviet Musical Society of the USSR. He is the uncle of his namesake Constantine Orbelian
Discography.
"Государственный эстрадный оркестр Армении п/у Константина Орбеляна" (1968)

</doc>
<doc id="18703208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703208" title="Joseph Robbins House">
Joseph Robbins House

Joseph Robbins House is a historic house at 12 Bay Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts, USA.
The Greek Revival/Federal style house was built in 1820 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703212" title="Snelsmore Common">
Snelsmore Common

Snelsmore Common is a common and country park in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Chieveley.
It lies near to the M4 and A34 roads, and is located approximately north of Newbury. It consists of lowland heathland of heather, gorse, wet bog and small trees and broadleaved woodland. There are several rabbit warrens and it is a home to the smaller breeds of deer and other small mammals, snake, lizards and birds such as kestrels and green woodpeckers. rarer species include the palmate newt and nightjar.
Snelsmore became a common in the medieval period. Extant rights there include the grazing of cattle and ponies, the collection of fallen timber and fuel, the digging of gravel and the shooting of game. The cutting of peat and turf and fishing are also allowed, but not practical. Cattle did indeed return to the common in 1999. 
During the Second World War the common was taken over for military uses, and had quantities of petrol stored in jerrycans by the 3900 Quartermaster Gasoline Supply Company stockpiled for the Normandy landings. It became a country park in 1972, and is managed as public open space by the Snelsmore Common Country Park Management Committee for West Berkshire Council.
During 1995-6 woodland at the south end of the common became an early base for campaigners protesting against the proposed Newbury bypass. The English band New Model Army immortalized the conflict in their song "Snelsmore Woods". Following eviction of the protesters, the construction of the road went ahead through a part of the common, and an equivalent area of common was added to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="18703221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703221" title="Round House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
Round House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

Round House is a historic house at 971 W. Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1930 and added to the National Historic Register in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703228" title="Nelson Rhodehouse House">
Nelson Rhodehouse House

Nelson Rhodehouse House is a historic house at 131 Main Street in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Greek Revival house was built in 1858 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703231" title="1992 PBA draft">
1992 PBA draft

The 1992 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) rookie draft was an event at which teams drafted players from the amateur ranks.

</doc>
<doc id="18703236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703236" title="John Richardson House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)">
John Richardson House (Barnstable, Massachusetts)

John Richardson House is a historic house at 242 Phinney's Lane in Barnstable, Massachusetts.
The Federal style house was built in 1795 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18703242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703242" title="Khalil Mutran">
Khalil Mutran

Khalil Mutran ( / ALA-LC: "Khalīl Muṭrān"; July 1, 1872 – June 1, 1949), also known by the sobriquet Shā‘ir al-Quṭrayn ( / literally meaning "the poet of the two countries") was an Arabic poet and journalist.
Life.
He was born at Baalbek in Ottoman Syria to Abdu Yusuf Mutran and Malaka Sabbag from Haifa. Nakhlé Moutran, pasha of Baalbek, was his cousin. Khalil's mother Malaka descended from a large Palestinian family. Malaka's father was among the most respected persons in Haifa and her grandfather was an advisor of Ahmed al-Jazzar, pasha of Saint John d'Acre, who successfully resisted the siege of this town by the troups of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Khalil attended the Greek Catholic School in Beirut, where one of his teachers was Nasif al-Yaziji. It was here he had formally studied his native Arabic as well as French. In 1890, he left Lebanon for France. Although he planned to immigrate to Chile, he actually settled in Egypt in 1892. Here, he found his first job at "Al-Ahram". He also contributed to "Al-Mu’yyad" and "Al-Liwa". In 1900, he founded his own fortnightly magazine, "Al-Majalla al-misriyya" (1900-2, 1909). He published some of his own works and also of Mahmud Sami al-Barudi in this magazine. In 1903, he started publishing a daily newspaper "Al-Jawaib al-misriyya" (1903-5), which supported Mustafa Kamil’s nationalist movement. He collaborated with Hafez Ibrahim in translating a French book on political economy. He translated a number of plays of Shakespeare, Corneille, Racine, Victor Hugo and Paul Bourget into Arabic. In 1912 he translated Shakespeare’s drama "Othello" into Arabic as "Utayl", which is the most celebrated and best-known translation of the drama into Arabic. His translation was not based on the original, but on a French version of it by Georges Duval. Other dramas of Shakespeare translated into Arabic by him are "Hamlet", "Macbeth", "The Merchant of Venice", "The Tempest", "Richard III", "King Lear" and "Julius Caesar". He also translated Corneille’s "Le Cid", "Cinna" and "Polyeucte" and Victor Hugo’s "Hernani". He later took a post as secretary to the Agricultural Syndicate and helped to found Banque Misr in 1920. In 1924, he made a long journey through Syria and Palestine, after which he claimed himself as a poet of the Arab countries (). After the death of Ahmed Shawqi in 1932, he chaired the Apollo literary group till his death. In 1935, he became director of the "Al-Firqa al-Qawmiyya" (National Company) of the Egyptian theatre. He died in Cairo in 1949.
Works.
An anthology of his poems, the "Diwan-al-Khalil" was published in four volumes during his lifetime, the first volume of which was published in 1908. In his poems, Hourani feels, “traditional forms and language were used not for their own sake but to give precise expression to a reality, whether in the external world or in the author’s feelings”

</doc>
<doc id="18703259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703259" title="Constantine Orbelian">
Constantine Orbelian

Constantine Garrievich Orbelian (, born San Francisco, 27 August 1956) is an American conductor and pianist of Armenian and Russian descent. He is named after his paternal uncle Konstantin Orbelyan a major Russian and Armenian film composer.
Career.
Orbelian made his concert debut as a pianist at the age of 11 with the San Francisco Symphony Orchestra. In his early teens he went to the then Soviet Union on a music scholarship, then studied at Juilliard. As a pianist he played with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, St. Petersburg Symphony Orchestra, Moscow Philharmonic, Scottish National Orchestra, Russian State Symphony Orchestra, Moscow Virtuosi, Budapest Chamber Orchestra. His recording of the Khachaturian piano concerto won a "Best Concerto Recording of the Year" award in the United Kingdom.
Later Orbelian has concentrated on conducting. He has been the musical director of the Moscow Chamber Orchestra from 1991, Philharmonia of Russia and State Academic Chamber Orchestra of Russia. In 2004 he became the first foreign citizen awarded the People's Artist of Russia title.
Discography.
He has an extensive discography, mainly for Delos Records. A politically and artistically significant recording was the programme "Where Are You, My Brothers?" in the spring of 2003 in front of an audience of 6,000 at the Kremlin Palace in Moscow, of new arrangements of songs from the World War II era performed by Dmitry Hvorostovsky and the Moscow Chamber Orchestra. The telecast was seen on Russian Television by over 90 million viewers. The same programme was performed with the St. Petersburg Symphony Orchestra for survivors of the Siege of Leningrad on January 16, 2004.
Videography.
"Evgeny Svetlanov", Conducted by Constantine Orbelian / Deutsche Grammophon

</doc>
<doc id="18703262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703262" title="Miles Lake">
Miles Lake

"Miles Lake" can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703286" title="Hau (name)">
Hau (name)

Hau is a surname shared by several notable people, among them being:

</doc>
<doc id="18703292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703292" title="Siikalatva">
Siikalatva

Siikalatva (pronounced ) is a geographical area and a municipality of Finland. It lies 90 kilometres to the south of the city of Oulu and belongs to the Northern Ostrobothnia region.
Siikalatva has a population of approximately 6 000 and the municipality covers an area of of which is water. 
Siikalatva consists of four former municipalities: Kestilä, Piippola, Pulkkila and Rantsila, that decided to merge into one in 2009. The merger was encouraged and also funded by the Finnish government, mainly due to the declining population and the indebted government of Rantsila. The geographical area had often been referred to as Siikalatva even in the times before the creation of the new municipality.
The seat of the local government is in the Pulkkila urban area. Representatives are elected to the municipal council every four years. The agrarian Centre Party has been dominant in Siikalatva for several decades, currently holding an absolute majority with 19 out of 27 seats. In the 2012 local elections the True Finns gained a total of five seats, becoming the second-largest party in the council.
In terms of the economy, Siikalatva has in the past relied on a strong agricultural sector. Even in 2012, it employed as much as 26,9% of the workforce. The services sector has become the largest employer with a share of 54,6%. Industries, such as the Ruukki factory in Pulkkila, provide jobs to 17,2% of the workforce. The unemployment rate was 10,9% in September 2012.
There are four Lutheran churches in Siikalatva. Also, the Conservative Laestadian revival movement has a great number of supporters in the area.
The coat of arms of Siikalatva was designed and introduced in 2009. The colours, blue and silver, follow the Northern Ostrobothnian tradition. The wave pattern symbolises the river Siikajoki that flows throughout the municipality, and the swans represent the four former municipalities.

</doc>
<doc id="18703293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703293" title="Random EP (Number 2)">
Random EP (Number 2)

Random EP #2 is a tour-exclusive EP by The Dear Hunter. It was only sold on their 2008 headlining tour with Lydia, You, Me And Everyone We Know, and Eye Alaska. The EP also includes all the tracks which originally appeared on "Random EP #1".
Track listing.
Tracks 4–6 originally appeared on "Random EP #1".

</doc>
<doc id="18703299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703299" title="Al Jones (disambiguation)">
Al Jones (disambiguation)

Al Jones (Alun Jones, 1945–2008) was an English folk and blues singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Al Jones may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703303" title="Cayenne Battery">
Cayenne Battery

The Cayenne Battery (formally, Historical Cayenne Battery - ) of the Brazilian Army is one of three military units that comprise the Brazilian president's honor guard, the others being the 1st Guards Cavalry Regiment () - "Independence Dragoons" and the Presidential Guard Battalion ().
"Cayenne Battery" was how the Brazilian colonial troops, sent by John VI to conquer French Guiana in 1809, were known. Nowadays, it is part of 32nd Artillery Campaign Group, but falls within the 1st Guards Cavalry Regiment due to the necessity of horses. It uses horse-drawn cannons and is responsible for 21-gun salutes at special ceremonies.
History.
In 1808, Portugal's Royal Family had sought refuge in Brazil during the Napoleonic wars. On June 10, 1808, Dom João VI declared war on France and sent 470 soldiers to French Guiana to bring support to the Royal Navy.
On January 12, 1809, these troops had conquered the Cayenne, capturing Guiana`s governor. The Portuguese maintained a presence in Guiana until 1817.
In 1815, Brazil's status was elevated to The United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. The Portuguese troops in Brazil, some of which had already been previously stationed there, all united under the direct command of the Brazilian Ministry of War, now known as the Cayenne Battery.

</doc>
<doc id="18703315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703315" title="Edward Harrison (timpanist)">
Edward Harrison (timpanist)

Edward Harrison is Principal Timpanist of the Lyric Opera of Chicago and Artist Faculty and Head of Percussion at the Chicago College of Performing Arts, Roosevelt University. An internationally known maraca expert, Harrison is considered the leading exponent of contemporary maraca playing in the United States and Europe. In 1999, he performed the world's first concerto for maraca soloist with symphony orchestra, which was written for him by Ricardo Lorenz, at Chicago's Orchestra Hall. The composition was entitled "Pataruco: Concerto for Maracas". The "Chicago Sun-Times" lauds his "remarkable mastery as a solo performer". He has served on the faculty at DePaul University, Northwestern University and Concordia University Chicago.
Ed Harrison has performed with Leonard Bernstein, Sir Georg Solti, McCoy Tyner, and Paquito D'Rivera. He performs frequently with the Chicago Symphony at the Ravinia Festival. He has done radio and television performances for Nova (Public Broadcasting Service), Metromedia, National Public Radio, WFMT, and WGBH. Harrison has performed on commercial soundtracks (jingles) for McDonalds, Kraft Foods, Sears, Kellogg, and Ameritech.
Harrison is a Master of Music alumni of the New England Conservatory, where he studied with Everett Firth. He attended the Tanglewood Music Center on a Leonard Bernstein Fellowship in 1983 and was invited to return the following year by the Artistic Directors. Harrison was a principal percussionist with the Chicago Sinfonietta from 1994 to 1998. While in Venezuela as Principal Timpanist of the Caracas Philharmonic, he studied with the Joropo virtuoso Maximo Teppa.

</doc>
<doc id="18703316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703316" title="Che-Hsuan Lin">
Che-Hsuan Lin

Che-Hsuan Lin ["Chay shoo-ahn Lin"] (; born September 21, 1988) is a Taiwanese professional baseball pitcher in the Texas Rangers organization. He played in Major League Baseball with the Boston Red Sox in 2012 and for the Taiwanese national baseball team in the 2009 and 2013 World Baseball Classics.
Career.
Lin was born in Hualien, Taiwan. He helped his 12-and-under Bronco League team to the World Championship with a grand slam. He also has played with other Taiwan national teams, including the Junior World Championship squad in 2007.
Lin was acquired by the Boston Red Sox as an international free agent in June 2007. He has put up solid numbers since joining the professional baseball ranks in the United States the same year, being rated as having the best outfield arm in the Boston minor league system, according to "Baseball America". In 2010, Lin was selected as having the best strike-zone discipline, and the best defensive outfielder in Red Sox Top 10 Propspect Scouting Report [http://www.baseballamerica.com/today/prospects/rankings/organization-top-10-prospects/2010/269311.html]. Basically a line-drive hitter, he makes good contact - quick, strong wrists - with average gap power, hitting well to all fields. Lin has also been recognized for his solid outfield skills, having good range, enough speed and a hard throwing arm.
Lin played for the GCL Red Sox, Lowell Spinners of the New York - Penn League, Greenville Drive of the South Atlantic League, and Portland Sea Dogs in the Eastern League. He played for the Triple A Pawtucket Red Sox in the International League.
In 2008, Lin was selected for the annual All-Star Futures Game. Lin hit a two-run home run on the first pitch he saw that helped the World team beat the US Team, 3–0. He finished 2-for-2 and was named the game's Most Valuable Player.
In 2008, Lin ranked eighth in the Boston Red Sox prospects list. He also was selected to play in the Olympics for the Chinese Taipei baseball team. He was invited to spring training with the Boston Red Sox in 2010 and 2011.
In , Lin was promoted to Triple-A and played with the Pawtucket Red Sox. To protect him from the Rule 5 draft, he was added to the 40-man roster on November 18, 2011 along with Drake Britton and Will Middlebrooks.
On April 14, 2012, Lin was called up to replace the injured Jacoby Ellsbury. His 9th-inning appearance as a defensive replacement on April 14 made him the eighth player from Taiwan to play in a Major League Baseball game. He was optioned back to Pawtucket after the game. Lin rejoined the Red Sox on May 20 to provide depth in the outfield, with injuries to Cody Ross, Ryan Sweeney and five others on the disabled list. On May 21, Lin recorded his first major league hit off Baltimore Orioles pitcher Troy Patton.
On October 17, 2012, the Red Sox announced that Lin was designated for assignment to make room for right handed pitcher Sandy Rosario on the Sox's 40-man roster. On October 26, 2012, Lin was claimed off waivers by the Houston Astros. 
Lin signed a minor league deal with the Texas Rangers on December 15, 2013. The Rangers intend to use Lin as a pitcher.

</doc>
<doc id="18703334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703334" title="Butyl chloride">
Butyl chloride

Butyl chloride (C4H9Cl) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703335" title="Amesbury and Salisbury Mills Village Historic District">
Amesbury and Salisbury Mills Village Historic District

The Amesbury and Salisbury Mills Village Historic District is a historic district on Market Sq. roughly bounded by Boardman, Water, Main and Pond Streets in Amesbury, Massachusetts. It was the site of significant industrial development between 1800 and 1875, during which time the town developed a significant textile processing industry. Among the buildings in the district is the Salisbury Mill #4, a four story brick Greek Revival building which features dentil decorations on its eaves and towers.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18703351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703351" title="American Woolen Mill Housing District">
American Woolen Mill Housing District

The American Woolen Mill Housing District is a residential historic district at 300-328 Market Street in Lawrence, Massachusetts. It consists of nine multiunit tenements built in the first decade of the 20th century. The are situated in a roughly oval pattern around a central courtyard, a distinctive pattern designed to provide open space while maximizing housing density.
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703357" title="Bob Wood (ice hockey)">
Bob Wood (ice hockey)

Robert Owen Wood (July 9, 1930 – November 11, 2007) was a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Rangers during the 1950–51 NHL season.

</doc>
<doc id="18703366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703366" title="Agawam Diner">
Agawam Diner

The Agawam Diner is a historic diner at 166 Newburyport Turnpike (U.S. Route 1) in Rowley, Massachusetts.
The diner was built in 1954 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
History.
"Built by Fodero Dining Car Company in 1954, the original Agawam Diner was opened by the Galanis Family in 1940. The current diner replaced the original in Ipswich's Depot Square in 1954. Moved twice in 1967, first to Peabody and then to its current Route 1 location in Rowley, the Agawam Diner remains a family business."
The first diner was a small Worcester diner bought in 1940 with a $750 deposit. A larger diner was purchased in 1947. In 1954, they upgraded to a Fodero diner from Bloomfield, NJ.

</doc>
<doc id="18703367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703367" title="1-Chlorobutane">
1-Chlorobutane

1-Chlorobutane is an alkyl halide with the chemical formula C4H9Cl. It reacts with lithium metal to give "n"-butyllithium:

</doc>
<doc id="18703370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703370" title="The Worst Journey in the World (docudrama)">
The Worst Journey in the World (docudrama)

The Worst Journey in the World is a 2007 BBC Television docudrama based on the memoir of the same name by polar explorer Apsley Cherry-Garrard. The narrator Barry Letts, best known for his tenure as the producer of "Doctor Who", played Cherry-Garrard in the 1948 film "Scott of the Antarctic".
Synopsis.
A pre-title sequence shows Apsley Cherry-Garrard in London in 1938 struggling with his perceived culpability in Scott’s death.
Cherry is completely incapacitated by a total collapse in 1946 and starts to recall his past. He arrives at the Natural History Museum in 1913 with eggs he collected in Antarctica. He recalls his discussion with Dr. Wilson 2 years prior when he had first suggested the expedition. Initially denied a place due to his poor eyesight a generous donation to the Terra Nova Expedition had changed Captain Scott’s mind and Cherry was signed on.
Scott sets sail from New Zealand and sets-up camp at Cape Evans where they settle in for the winter. Dr. Wilson leads Cherry and Birdie on the gruelling 67mile trek to Cape Crozier where he had discovered an Emperor Penguin colony in 1902. Constructing a makeshift igloo 4 miles from the colony the trio collect the eggs. Dr. Wilson is badly burnt while rending penguin fat for the stove and they lose their tent in a hurricane.
After recovering the tent the trio begin the journey back to the Cape Evans camp. Delivering the eggs to the museum Cherry is summarily dismissed by the curator and the eggs later prove to be too advanced to be of use. Dr. Wilson and Birdie joined Captain Scott on his trek to the South Pole a few months later and perished along with him on the return journey. Cherry sets out on a rescue mission but was forced to turn back by Scott’s standing orders not to risk the dogs.
An epilogue, telling of Cherry’s mental anguish at failing to rescue his friends who were only 70 miles from One Ton Depot when he turned back, shows the perfectly preserved camp at Cape Evans and the remnants of the igloo at Cape Crozier.

</doc>
<doc id="18703384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703384" title="Asa and Sylvester Abbot House">
Asa and Sylvester Abbot House

The Asa and Sylvester Abbot House is a historic rural two-family house at 15-17 Porter Road in Andover, Massachusetts. The house was built in the 1830s by Asa Abbot, a farmer and member of the locally prominent Abbot family. He left the house to his sons, Sylvester and Asa Albert Abbot, who farmed the surrounding land until the turn of the 20th century.
The main block of the house is six bays wide, with a large central chimney. The doors to the separate units are at the end bays of the house, and are recessed, with decorative Greek Revival pilasters and framing. Additions have been added onto each side of the house.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982, where it is incorrectly listed at 15-17 Andover Street.

</doc>
<doc id="18703386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703386" title="Shin Yea-ji">
Shin Yea-ji

Shin Yea-Ji may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703403" title="Woodard Bay Natural Resources Conservation Area">
Woodard Bay Natural Resources Conservation Area

Woodard Bay Natural Resources Conservation Area is a natural reserve in Olympia, Washington protected under the Washington Natural Areas Program. Once an important processing facility for the logging industry, it has been designated as the Weyerhaeuser South Bay Log Dump Rural Historic Landscape. Today the area is a renowned sanctuary for a variety of birds, harbor seals, river otters, bald eagles, and a colony of bats, as well as serving as an important great blue heron rookery. A recent conservation program in the area between the State of Washington and the Nature Conservancy is the first of its kind in the country.
History.
American Indians use of the area dates back over 5,000 years when the present coast line stabilised. Euroamerican settlement began in the 1850s with Puget Sound's logging era. Early in the history of the area, the Woodard family built the railway for hauling logs down to the waterfront. From there they would load it on ships at the end of the peninsula. 
In the 1920s the site was bought by the Weyerhaeuser Timber Company, which brought up to 1 million board feet of timber here annually by rail from all over Thurston and Lewis counties until it closed the site in 1984. A former logging railroad crosses Woodard Bay on a wooden trestle and a narrow peninsula. It runs out onto a pier in Henderson Inlet across the mouth of Chapman Bay. Here logs were dumped in the water, gathered into rafts and floated to mills in Everett, Washington.
Features.
The features a maturing second-growth forest edging five miles (8 km) of shoreline at Woodard and Chapman bays on Henderson Inlet. The shallow, saltwater bays are largely undeveloped and has attracted wildlife not usually seen so close to an urban area. A colony of bats inhabits the underside of a railroad pier closed to the public. According to a zoologist with the Washington State Department of Natural Resources, "The number of bats found in the area around Woodard Bay may have been similar to the numbers that use the pier today, but they roosted at many locations across the countryside rather than all in one location." Harbor seals rest on old log booms outside of Chapman bay, in addition to the pigeon guillemots, cormorants and a purple martin colony who roost in the area. Chapman Bay is closed to boaters, to protect nesting eagles and a heron rookery (which moved to Woodard Bay in 2004). Woodard Bay is closed from Labor Day to April 1 to protect wintering waterfowl.
The Washington Department of Natural Resources natural conservation area program was approved by the Washington State Legislature in 1987 to preserve fish and wildlife habitat while also providing a place for passive recreation, research and education. Woodard Bay was one of the four original conservation areas statewide.
A new kind of marine conservation effort began at Woodard Bay when The Nature Conservancy signed a 10-year lease with the Washington Department of Natural Resources to restore of sub-tidal land in Henderson Inlet near the mouth of Woodard Bay to bring back the once-abundant Olympia oyster. The lease is the first of its kind in the country.
The Conservation Area was expanded by in 2008.
Facilities.
Facilities include group meeting areas for small school groups, picnic tables, benches and a toilet. A camp car once used as a cookhouse and later an office has been refurbished to represent its former uses, much of the work done by the Washington Conservation Corps as well as labor by prisoners from the Cedar Creek Correctional Center. The site is near the northernmost end of the Chehalis Western Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18703412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703412" title="Benjamin Abbot House">
Benjamin Abbot House

The Benjamin Abbot House or Abbot Homestead is a historic house at 9 Andover Street in Andover, Massachusetts, USA. It remains a private residence and is visible from the Haverhill MBCR commuter train just before the Andover station. It was the residence of Benjamin Abbot, a teacher and central figure of the Salem Witch Trials. Abbot accused Martha Carrier of giving him a boil and killing one of his cows through witchcraft. Carrier was later hanged.
The house was built in 1711 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. In 2004, PBS filmed a "History Detectives" documentary with the Abbot homestead as the subject. Dendrochronologists were consulted, and it was determined that the earliest portion of the house was built in 1711.

</doc>
<doc id="18703414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703414" title="Bernini (surname)">
Bernini (surname)

Bernini is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18703419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703419" title="Sébastien Michaud">
Sébastien Michaud

Sébastien Michaud (born May 7, 1987) started in taekwondo at the age of five in his fathers and brothers footsteps. Born in Joliette, Quebec, he currently resides in Quebec City, Quebec where he studies software engineering at Université Laval. On April 10, 2012, he was nominated as president of the Association des Étudiants en Génie Logiciel of Université Laval.
Career.
Sébastien is part of the three member Canadian Olympic team at the Summer Olympic Games in Taekwondo along with Ivett Gonda & Karine Sergerie.

</doc>
<doc id="18703424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703424" title="J. T. Abbot House">
J. T. Abbot House

The J. T. Abbot House is a historic house at 34 Essex Street in Andover, Massachusetts. The Gothic Revival house was built in 1844 for Joseph Thompson Abbot by Jacob Chickering, a leading local real estate developer and builder of the mid 19th century. The ornamental detailing is among the most elaborate of the time in the town.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703426" title="Allstar SZD-59">
Allstar SZD-59

__NOTOC__
The SZD-59 Acro is a single-seat glass composite glider for aerobatics and cross-country flying by PZL Allstar of Bielsko-Biala, Poland.
The SZD-59 can be flown with a 13.2m span or a 15.0m span. Attaching or detaching the wing-tips takes only a few minutes. With 15m wing-tips it is a competitive Club Class glider, while it is a competitive aerobatic glider in the 13.2m configuration.
Design and certification.
The SZD-59 Acro was derived from the SZD-48-3 Jantar Standard 3 in 1990-91 mainly by Jan Knapik. The fuselage is only a slightly modified version of the one used in the Jantar Standard 3. However, the T-tail has been replaced by a cross-tail with larger rudder and the elevator of the SZD-42-2 Jantar 2.
The design life is 15,000 hours, though at present it is approved for only 4,000 hours of operation. In 15m configuration, the SZD-59 is approved in the utility category of JAR 22 (sailplanes) of the Joint Aviation Authorities, and in the 13.2m configuration it is approved according to the aerobatics category of JAR 22.
Manufacturer.
The prototype was first demonstrated during the 1991 FAI World Glider Aerobatic Championships in Zielona Góra. Twelve Acros were built by PZL-Bielsko until the production stopped in 1996 due to economic problems. 
Allstar PZL Glider Sp. z o.o. in Bielsko-Biala (Poland) restarted production of the SZD-59 Acros in 2004. Currently, it is the only "unlimited" glider in serial production.
Soaring.
With a handicap factor of 100, according to the 2008 handicap list of the Deutscher Aero Club e.V., the SZD-59 in 15m-configuration is a typical Club Class glider. With 15m wing-tips with or without winglets glide performance can be enhanced by increasing its wing loading with up to 150 litres of water ballast, but water ballast is not allowed in the 13.2m configuration.
Aerobatics.
In the 13.2m configuration, the SZD-59 is certified for unlimited aerobatics, whereas with the 15m wing-tips only basic aerobatic maneuvers (looping, turn, chandelle, spin) are permitted.
While international aerobatic championships in the unlimited category are dominated by Swift S-1 and MDM-1 Fox, pilots have competed successfully with SZD-59 Acros in national and regional championships. Recently, Wolfgang Kasper placed 4th in the German Nationals 2008.
See also.
Comparable aerobatic gliders.
The aerobatic performance of the SZD-59 13.2m is comparable to:
Gliders with comparable cross-country performance.
The soaring performance of the SZD-59 15m is comparable to Schleicher ASW 19, Glaser-Dirks DG-100, Rolladen-Schneider LS1f, Glasflügel H206 Hornet, PZL Bialsko Jantar Standard, Grob G-102 Standard Astir, Bölkow Phöbus B3, Schempp-Hirth Cirrus/Cirrus VTC 17,74m, Schempp-Hirth Standard Cirrus 16m, Bölkow Phöbus C1, Akaflieg Darmstadt D37, Akaflieg Braunschweig SB 7, Neukom Elfe 17m, Standard Libelle 17m and the Delphin 1 by Fritz Mahrer.

</doc>
<doc id="18703439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703439" title="Joseph O'Rourke (professor)">
Joseph O'Rourke (professor)

Joseph O'Rourke is the Olin Professor of Computer Science at Smith College and the chair of the Smith computer science department. His main research interest is computational geometry.
O'Rourke was the first person to publish an algorithm to determine the minimum bounding box of a point set in three dimensions.
In 1985, O'Rourke was the program chair of the first annual Symposium on Computational Geometry. He was formerly the arXiv moderator for computational geometry and discrete mathematics.
In 2012 O'Rourke was named a fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Books.
O'Rourke is the author or editor of:

</doc>
<doc id="18703441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703441" title="Abbot-Stinson House">
Abbot-Stinson House

The Abbot-Stinson House is a historic house at 6 Stinson Road in Andover, Massachusetts. The house is estimated to have been built in the early 1720s, in the transitional period between First Period and Georgian styles of construction. It was originally one room deep with a central chimney, but was extended by additions to the rear in the 20th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18703451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703451" title="Abbot-Baker House">
Abbot-Baker House

The Abbot-Baker House is a historic house at 5 Argilla Road in Andover, Massachusetts. This First Period house estimated to have been built around 1685, although it is possible it contains portions of an earlier house that stood on the site. It was built by Thomas Abbot, son of one of Andover's first settlers. It remained in his family until 1797, when it was sold to Symonds Baker, a doctor. The house remains in the hands of his descendants.
The house is a 2.5 story colonial saltbox style construction with a large central chimney. It is five window bays wide, with a central door that is in a slightly protruding vestibute area. An ell has been attached to the rear of the house. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703455" title="Abbot-Battles House">
Abbot-Battles House

The Abbot-Battles House is a historic house at 31 Lowell Street in Andover, Massachusetts. The house was built c. 1809 for Jeduthan Abbot, who had married in 1805 and by then had two children. The house was built in part around the core of an older house, built c. 1700, which the previous owner of the property had removed part of. The Federalist facade of the house dates to Abbot's ownership. In 1838 Abbot sold the property to his son, from whom it quickly passed to Winslow Battles, who is identified by trade as a machinist. The house remained in the Battles family until 1950.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703457" title="2002 Gemini Awards">
2002 Gemini Awards

The 17th Gemini Awards were held on November 4, 2002 to honour achievements in Canadian television. It was hosted by Seán Cullen, and was broadcast on CBC.
Awards.
Best Ensemble Performance in a Comedy Program or Series.
Rick Mercer, Jackie Torrens, Dan Lett, Peter Keleghan, Leah Pinsent 
Colin Mochrie, Greg Thomey 
Sarah Dunsworth, Robb Wells, Mike Smith, John Dunsworth, Pat Roach, Lucy Decoutere, Cory Bowles, Michael Jackson, Barrie Dunn, Ellen Page, Shelley Thompson, Sam Tarasco, John Paul Tremblay, Jonathan Torrens

</doc>
<doc id="18703462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703462" title="Academy Hill Historic District (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Academy Hill Historic District (Andover, Massachusetts)

The Academy Hill Historic District is a historic district on Massachusetts Route 28 in Andover, Massachusetts. It encompasses the historic campuses of three important 18th and 19th century academic institutions, which shaped not only town but the nation's educational systems.
The first school established in Andover was the Phillips Academy, established in 1778. Its campus includes a number of notable buildings, from two important building phases. The first, between about 1810 and 1830, resulted in the construction of Bulfinch Hall (1819, named for, but not designed by, Charles Bulfinch), Samaritan Hall (1824, at first an infirmary, but later used for other purposes), and the Stowe House (1828, remodeled by Harriet Beecher Stowe in the 1850s, and later used as an inn). The second building phase was in the early decades of the 20th century, when Bell Tower, Morse Hall, and Addison Gallery were built.
The campus of the Andover Theological Seminary (founded 1807) includes the oldest building in the district, Foxcroft Hall, which was built in 1808. Along with Pearson Hall (1818) and Bartlet Hall (1820), it is a fine example of Federalist academic architecture. The latter two buildings underwent some changes, most notably being reduced from four to three stories to better fit the scale of the campus, in the 20th century. The campus also includes the 1809 Phelps House, which housed the first president of the academy, and later Professor Austin Phelps.
The third school in the district is the Abbot Academy, which was founded in 1828 as a women's school. It merged with the Phillips Academy in 1973, but its former central campus retains definition, with three buildings surrounding the "Abbot Circle": Abbot Hall, the original academy building (1829), Draper Hall, a dormitory (1890), and McKeen Hall.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703468" title="Hemotympanum">
Hemotympanum

Hemotympanum, or hematotympanum, refers to the presence of blood in the tympanic cavity of the middle ear. Hemotympanum is often the result of basilar skull fracture.

</doc>
<doc id="18703474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703474" title="Abraham Adams House">
Abraham Adams House

The Abraham Adams House is a historic First Period house at 8 Pearson Drive in Newbury, Massachusetts. The oldest part of the house, its front section, was built between 1705 and 1707 by Abraham Adams, a farmer and sea captain who was married to the granddaughter of jurist Samuel Sewall. That portion consisted of a two story wood frame with two rooms on each floor, on either side of a central chimney. Later additions include a two story ell projecting from the rear of the house, to which is connected a single story modern addition, giving the whole house an "I" shape.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18703476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703476" title="Sungdong">
Sungdong

Sungdong Group is a South Korean shipbuilding company with four operating units. In 2007 it acquired a shipbuilding facility which became one of the world's top 20 shipyards.

</doc>
<doc id="18703482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703482" title="Giuseppe Maria Bernini">
Giuseppe Maria Bernini

Giuseppe Maria Bernini (1709–1761) was an Italian Capuchin missionary and Orientalist.
Life.
Bernini was born at Gargnano in Piedmont. He met Horatio della Penna of the Tibetan mission in Roman, and himself travelled to Lhasa. He acquired a knowledge of the languages and dialects of India. He died at Bettiah in India. 
Works.
In his travels through the country he made a study of the manners, customs, and religious beliefs and practices of the people. The results of his studies were collected in his work: "Notizie laconiche di alcuni usi, sacrifizi, ed idoli nel regno di Neipal, raccolte nel anno 1747". This work has never been published, but was preserved in manuscript in the library of the Propaganda at Rome, and in the museum of Cardinal Borgia. Bernini also wrote "Dialogues", in one of the Indian languages, also preserved in manuscript in the Propaganda; a translation of "Adhiatma Ramayana"; one of "Djana Sagara", and a collection of historical studies under the title, "Mémoires historiques" (Verona).

</doc>
<doc id="18703488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703488" title="Hans-Uwe Pilz">
Hans-Uwe Pilz

Hans-Uwe Pilz (born 10 November 1958) is a German former footballer. He began his career with BSG Sachsenring Zwickau before joining Dynamo Dresden in 1982. He remained at Dynamo until German reunification when he moved west, following teammates Matthias Döschner and Andreas Trautmann to Fortuna Köln. However, he returned to Dynamo after a few months, and would play for the club until 1995, including four years in the Bundesliga. After the club suffered a double relegation in 1995, Pilz returned to FSV Zwickau, before retiring in 1997. He later had two brief spells as manager at Zwickau. During his career he won 35 caps for East Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18703489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703489" title="Adams-Clarke House">
Adams-Clarke House

The Adams-Clarke House is a historic late First Period house at 93 W. Main Street in Georgetown, Massachusetts. The 2.5 story colonial house was probably built by Isaac Davis sometime after he bought the land in 1716. Its oldest section is the chimney and right side rooms, with the left side rooms added not long afterward. The house exterior was refashioned in Federal style c. 1800, about the time the right-side addition was built.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18703501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703501" title="YMCA (Salem, Massachusetts)">
YMCA (Salem, Massachusetts)

The Salem YMCA is a historic YMCA building at 284-296 Essex Street in Salem, Massachusetts. Its large building is an anchor of the western end of Salem's business district, of which Essex Street is a major component, and is one of the finest Classical Revival buildings in Salem. The Salem YMCA was first organized in 1858, and it commissioned the construction of this building in 1898. The three story brick and limestone building was designed by Walter J. Paine, and has retained most of its exterior styling. The ground floor was designed to house primarily retail establishments, with the YMCA entrance highlighted by an ornate entablature supported by twin columns on either side. Entrances to the retail establishments are also indicated by building bays that project out less prominently than the main entrance. The ground floor is built in limestone, while the upper floors are predominantly brick. The building originally had a loggia on top of the roof, but that was removed in the 1950s.
Faced with declining enrollments through the 1970s, the YMCA sold part of the second and third floors to the Salem Housing Authority, which converted that area to senior housing. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. 

</doc>
<doc id="18703503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703503" title="SK-5">
SK-5

SK-5 may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="18703511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703511" title="Woodbridge House (Andover, Massachusetts)">
Woodbridge House (Andover, Massachusetts)

The Woodbridge House is a historic house at 293 Salem Street in Andover, Massachusetts. It was built for George Woodbridge, a cordwainer, sometime between 1847 and 1852. The financially troubled Woodbridge sold the property in 1853, and has been through a succession of owners since. The house is notable for Greek Revival styling that is comparatively elaborate for a rural setting and a house of modest means.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (as "Woodridge House") in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="18703518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703518" title="Hôtel des Invalides (film)">
Hôtel des Invalides (film)

Hôtel des Invalides is a 1952 French short documentary film directed by Georges Franju. 

</doc>
<doc id="18703519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703519" title="Peter Woodbury House">
Peter Woodbury House

The Peter Woodbury House (or Woodberry) is a historic First Period house at 82 Dodge Street in Beverly, Massachusetts. Like most surviving First Period houses, this 2.5 story wood frame house was built in stages. The earliest part, dating to c. 1696, was the right front section and chimney. The left side was built in the 18th century, as was the rear leanto, which was later raised to a full second story.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18703526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703526" title="Thomas March Woodbridge House">
Thomas March Woodbridge House

Thomas March Woodbridge House is a historic house at 48 Bridge Street in Salem, Massachusetts.
The three story brick house was built in 1809 for Thomas March Woodbridge, owner of a local tannery. Its construction has been attributed to noted Salem builder Samuel McIntire, based on its similarity to other McIntire works. It is square, with five bays on each side. The front door is centered on the main facade topped by a semi-elliptical fanlight and flanked by sidelight windows. Entrances on the side elevations are sheltered by broken pediments supported by Doric columns.
Woodbridge died in 1822, after which the house went through a succession of owners. It was briefly owned by the Society for the Preservation of New England Antiquities (now Historic New England) before it was bought by Children's Friend and Family Service Society of the North Shore, Inc. in 1955. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. The house stands just outside the Bridge Street Neck Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="18703527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703527" title="Tarek Hadj Adlane">
Tarek Hadj Adlane

Tarek Hadj Adlane (born December 11, 1965 in Algeria) is a retired Algerian football player who played as a striker.

</doc>
<doc id="18703543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703543" title="Kozma Minin (newspaper)">
Kozma Minin (newspaper)

Kozma Minin () was a Russian pre-revolution newspaper which had a literary-political character, the newspaper of Nizhny Novgorod governorate of the Union of the Russian People. It agitated against liberal ideology and revolutionaries. The newspaper received notoriety as for its anti-Semitism. It was printed twice a week from 1909 to 1917.
Editors:

</doc>
<doc id="18703545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703545" title="Lawrence Street Cemetery">
Lawrence Street Cemetery

The Lawrence Street Cemetery or more commonly known as "the Village Burying Ground", is a historic cemetery on Lawrence Street in Methuen, Massachusetts. 
Methuen's third oldest cemetery, it was founded in 1832 when the center of town was shifted west from Meeting House Hill to Gaunt Square. Late in the 19th century, wealthy industrialist Edward Searles built the 8 foot granite wall on the sides facing his estate. In the cemetery rests Searles siblings, parents and wife Mary Hopkins Searles.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18703547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703547" title="Shopaholic and Sister">
Shopaholic and Sister

Shopaholic and Sister (2004) is a chick-lit novel by Sophie Kinsella, a pseudonym of Madeline Wickham. It is the fourth book in the Shopaholic series. It follows the story of Becky Brandon (née Bloomwood) and her husband Luke as they return from their ten-month long honeymoon.
Plot synopsis.
The novel commences with the protagonist, Becky Bloomwood, coming to the conclusion of her extravagant ten month-long honeymoon around the world with her husband, Luke. Although the newlyweds have been enjoying themselves, Luke and Becky (née Bloomwood) decide it is time to return home to England and to follow a normal way of life. Before returning home, the couple embark upon a brief trip to Milan, where Luke is due to meet a potential client. After agreeing with Luke that she will not buy anything in Milan, Becky explores the city. She manages to buy Luke a new leather belt, wanting to replaced the one she ruined with the hot wax. Becky's resolve is weakened, however, when encounters what she feels as being the chance of a lifetime - the opportunity to possess an Angel handbag, the bag of the season which she simply is determined to purchase. Unfortunately, the clerk tells her that there is a waiting list for the bag and has to be put on there. A wealthy businessman, Nathan Temple, helps Becky jump to the head of the waiting list, because the owner and him are friends. She shows her gratitude by promising to pay him back somehow. Becky gives Luke a new belt, which he's pleased with believing she has changed.
Back in England, Becky and Luke stop to visit the Bloomwood family and surprise them with their early return. Becky is shocked and dismayed when her parents appear to be hiding something. Not only that, but they are not impressed with Becky's gifts and don't seem as excited as Becky had hoped. The next day, Luke and Becky attend the christening of Suze's twins. Unfortunately, Suze has befriended a local woman, Lulu, who is a mother of four children. From their first meeting, Becky and Lulu don't get along very well like Suze hoped. Lulu sees Becky as immature and shallow for her age. While she sees Lulu as horse-faced, judgmental and hypocritical. Becky feels isolated from Suze because she and Lulu have children of their own and have more in common. During that time, Luke comforts her and tells her that no one was expecting them back for another month.
Becky's troubles become worse when two trucks full of her souvenirs she has accumulated from her trip arrive. The bills for them are outrageous and with her new job not due to start for several months, Luke orders Becky to sort things out around the house with her spare time. Luke immediately switches back into business-mode, cutting his hair, becoming more efficient and donning expensive suits.
Becky's parents arrive with big news. They explain that they did not want to tell Becky initially until she settled down, but she has a half-sister from a previous relationship of her father's. Becky is ecstatic - she claims that she has felt a hole in her life and has always wanted a sister. She imagines going shopping together, enjoying girls' nights in, and having a new best friend to replace Suze. However, Becky is disappointed when she meets Jess. It turns out that Jess is studious, thrifty, and a bit standoffish. Jess tries to encourage Becky to save money; Becky can't comprehend why Jess doesn't want to do anything fun. When Becky overhears Luke saying that she is hard to live with, she is shocked and thinks that her marriage is falling apart. Jess and Becky suffers a falling out when they realize they have nothing in common. She also suffers one with Luke when he discovers that she had arranged a meeting for him to see Nathan Temple whom he's not happy about seeing and the fact Becky had gotten an Angel handbag. Both spend a few days arguing as he reveals that he thinks Jess is more helpful than she is because he's been trying to win over Arcodas. In anger and tears, Becky tells Luke off that she had a lot of her own problems to deal with the last few months and he never has time for her. He shows a hint of compassion for her, but also tells Becky that he needs time away from her. After he leaves for Cyprus, she reads the lists of problems he has with her and realizes that her marriage has fallen apart.
After a falling-out with Jess and Luke, Becky has a nightmare about transforming into her worst enemy, Alicia, in a fancy pink suit and had a selfish sneer on her face. She was laughing and taunting Jess for being boring, which crushes her, but also disappoints Luke and Suze as well. After that, Becky decides to go to Jess' home in Northern England to learn to be thrifty and make amends with her. Jess wants nothing to do with her and wants her to return to London. Her neighbor and shopkeeper, Jim shows compassion and lets Becky stay at his friend's Bed and Breakfast. The next day, she learns about Jess' past from Jim and she starts realizing that she had been a spoiled brat all her life. During an environmental meeting, Becky learns from Jess about a test she recently did about a blood clot. She also realizes because there was no DNA test done and that everyone assumed, they may not be related. After making a heartfelt apology to Jess, Becky returns to her room and packs for the return trip home to face Luke. Before leaving, Jim takes Becky to Jess' house and shows her true passion in a cupboard similar to her shoe collection, but it's filled with rocks. In that moment, her resentment disappeared and she feels guilty for insulting Jess' passion in rock collecting by calling it boring and a waste of time. Jess has departed on a mountain climb on a gloomy day, and she follows to try to catch up. Unfortunately, Becky is not only wearing the incorrect footwear, but is also inappropriately dressed to embark upon a hike of that magnitude. She ends up not following the trail and has a nasty fall in dreadful weather. Luckily, Jess has the mental and moral fortitude to watch over her. The two girls reconcile and discover that though their interests are drastically different, they share the same level of passion for their hobbies. Becky admits she has been spoiled by her parents all her life when she learns more Jess' past in her stepfather, Bill's harsh upbringing that made her grow up into the woman she is. While Jess learned to fend for herself and value money at a young age, Becky's parents always paid for everything and thus she never learned how to do either. It resulted in Becky having to rely on others to help her get her out of debt. Becky is finally able to give Jess the silver bean Tiffany necklace that she bought for her as a gift. Jess loves the necklace and Becky finally saw her real weakness aside collecting rocks.
The book concludes with Becky finally relishing the pleasures being thrifty and has finally reconciled with Luke. She and Suze are helping Jess organize a protest against a new shopping mall (which turns out to be one of Luke's new clients). Eventually someone finds Becky's Angel handbag and it's returned to her. She refused to accept it, reasoning it was the source of all the troubles it caused her when both Jess and Luke turned away from her. Becky then discovers that she is pregnant.
Characters Introduced in the Book.
Nathan Temple: An English businessman who owns Value Motels who helps Becky jump to the head of the waiting list to get an "Angel" handbag. She pays him back by arranging a meeting with him and Luke in Cyprus. This made Luke very livid with Becky about it, but had to attend because Temple will buy out Daily World and he can't afford to insult him. He ends up liking Temple when he learns about his past and how he got that conviction against him in the first place: because he was defending his staff from an abusive drunken guest and things got out of hand.
Jessica 'Jess' Bertram: Becky's older half-sister that her father had with Jess' mother, Marguerite, from a past relationship. She was excited because she always wanted a sister and always dreamed about both of them going shopping together, helping her cope with Suze not being her friend and enjoying girls' night in. She was disappointed when she learns that Jess is thrifty, studious and a bit standoffish. Her passion is collecting rocks, which was the one of the issues between her and Becky that lead to a falling out. Jess tells her that she's a spoiled brat who lived in a fantasy world. In turn, Becky tells her that she thinks she's boring, miserable, thrifty and has no passions in her life. While stuck in a mountain during the storm, Jess reveals that she never intended to be rude to Becky, but was unnerved by her because of her parents' harsh upbringing. They reconcile and Becky learns to enjoy being thrifty. She gives Jess the silver Tiffany bean necklace, which she loves and showed Becky, her rock collection. In Mini Shopaholic, it's revealed that Jess and Tom got married in Chile.
Lulu Hetherington: Suze's new best friend and a mother of four. She and Becky have an immediate dislike towards each other. She feels isolated when she sees that Suze and Lulu have more in common.
Jim Smith: The owner of Scully Stores who is a friend of Jess' family. He showed Becky all of Jess' rock collection and she immediately regretted what she said about them. Jim also tells her about how harsh Bill was in her upbringing with her brothers.
Kelly Smith: Jim's teenaged daughter, who immediately takes a liking to Becky as she's fashion forward. She becomes a supporting friend to her, during her short and brief time in Scully. Becky gives her an entire collection of Stila cosmetics and promises her a shopping trip at Topshop.
Robin: The kind-hearted and firm leader of the environmental protest group who Becky befriends. Robin listens to her suggestions for more media attention and a public rally. He and the other protesters likes the idea of it, but Jess is against it for a reason. When she tried to get Robin to make Becky leave by pointing out what she's really like on the inside, he ignores Jess and insisted she stay there. He tells her that the environmental meeting is no place to take out personal family issues. Robin also tells Jess that Becky has good ideas that he finds helpful and refreshing over her own monotone, tactical opinions.

</doc>
<doc id="18703551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703551" title="62 Serpentis">
62 Serpentis

62 Serpentis is the Flamsteed designation for a star. Despite its name, the star can be found in the equatorial constellation of Aquila.

</doc>
<doc id="18703555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703555" title="Entitlement (fair division)">
Entitlement (fair division)

Entitlement in fair division describes that proportion of the resources or goods to be divided that a player can expect to receive. The idea is based on the normal idea of entitlement. Entitlements can in the main be determined by agreeing on a cooperative game and using its value as the entitlement.
Even when only money is to be divided and a some fixed amount has been specified for each recipient the problem can be complex. The amounts specified may be more or less than the amount of money and the profit or loss will then need to be shared out. A proportional adjustment is normally used in law nowadays and is the default assumption in the theory of fair division. Other rules however are often used and this article describes the basis underlying the common variants.
Shared costs or gains.
Where a number of persons cooperate to pay for a facility or to gain from an enterprise there is the question of how costs or gains should be divided. In general deciding such entitlements is a cooperative game as the various parties can form coalitions against others, for instance as in a union versus a company.
The Shapley value is one common method of deciding bargaining power as can be seen in the Airport problem. In economics an allocation which cannot be improved upon by any coalition is said to have the core property. Welfare economics on the other hand tries to determine allocations depending on fairness criteria.
The people can also agree on their relative entitlements by a consensus process. For instance they could say what they think everyone else is entitled to and if the assessments agree then they have an agreed impartial consensus division.
Voting.
Voting can be a very nonlinear process. The allocation of seats by size of population can leave small constituencies with no voice at all. The easiest solution is to have equal size constituencies. Sometimes however as for instance in the European Union or United States this can prove impossible. Ensuring the 'voting power' is proportional to the size of constituencies is a problem of entitlement.
There are a number of methods which compute a voting power for different sized or weighted constituencies. The main ones are the Shapley–Shubik power index, the Banzhaf power index. These power indexes assume the constituencies can join up in any random way and approximate to the square root of the weighting as given by the Penrose method. This assumption does not correspond to actual practice and it is arguable that larger constituencies are unfairly treated by them.
Entitlement in the Talmud.
The Talmud has a number of examples where entitlements are not decided on a proportional basis.
These solutions can all be modeled by cooperative games. The estate division problem has a large literature and was first given a theoretical basis in game theory by Robert J. Aumann and Michael Maschler in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="18703561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703561" title="Elbridge Gerry House">
Elbridge Gerry House

The Elbridge Gerry House is a historic house at 44 Washington Street in Marblehead, Massachusetts. Local lore holds that this house is a c. 1730 house that was the home of merchant Thomas Gerry, and the place were statesman Elbridge Gerry was born in 1744. Stylistic analysis of the house, however, suggests that it is instead a late Georgian or early Federalist construction dating to c. 1790.
The house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973, and included in the Marblehead Historic District in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18703562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703562" title="Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day">
Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day

Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day is the seventh album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man.
Issued just one month after the previous album, "Live at the Padget Rooms, Penarth", it features a radically different line-up. Martin Ace having left, and Deke Leonard having been fired, Clive John returned, bringing with him Phil Ryan and Will Youatt, with whom Clive had formed "Iorwerth Pritchard and the Neutrons" when he left Man in 1971. This is the only studio album by this particular line-up, which also recorded the live "Christmas at the Patti" before Clive John left again.
The LP had a prize-winning gatefold sleeve that, when opened, unfolded a 2' by 2' (61 cm by 61 cm) cartoon map of Wales, showing the origins of numerous Welsh bands, including Man, and other places of interest. The principality was shown as an island, separated from England by a large channel of water, and being pushed away from her neighbour by ten men using long poles.
The inner sleeve featured "Man's Family Jungle", Man's family tree, similar to those prepared by Pete Frame, but in a scrawled version drawn by Leonard, despite him having been recently fired from the band, as is acknowledged on the chart. Unfortunately the map is unreadably small in the CD issues, which do not include the "Family Jungle".
Releases & Reissues.
The original LP was released in October 1972 in the UK (United Artists UAG 29417), Japan (Liberty LLP-80784) and the USA (United Artists UA-LA 077).
This album was released on CD by Beat Goes On in 1991 (BGO CD 14)
In 2007 Esoteric remastered and re-released the album (ECLEC 2019) with two bonus tracks:
These bonus tracks were recorded at Rockfield Studios, in the spring of 1972, by the previous line-up (Micky Jones, Deke Leonard, Martin Ace and Terry Williams) and show how "Bananas" developed with the change of line-up although the writing credits for this track were only given to the new line-up.

</doc>
<doc id="18703564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703564" title="Frank Lyga">
Frank Lyga

Frank Lyga (born c. 1957) was an officer in the Hollywood Division of the Los Angeles Police Department known for shooting and killing Community Resources Against Street Hoodlums officer Kevin Gaines. The resulting LAPD investigation of Kevin Gaines helped lead to the Rampart Scandal.
Early career.
In 1986, Lyga joined the Los Angeles Police Department after serving with the Mohawk Valley sheriff’s force.
The Kevin Gaines shooting.
Kevin Gaines was shot and killed on March 18, 1997, by Lyga, who was ultimately determined to have been acting in self-defense. At the time of his death, Gaines was 31 and had been a member of the Los Angeles Police Department for seven years. Gaines had ties to Death Row Records, the Bloods, and dated Suge Knight's ex-wife. 
Lyga and other members of his team were staking out a suspected methamphetamine dealer, and Lyga was the point man, which required him to sit in an unmarked 1991 Buick Regal waiting for a drug deal to happen, so that he could follow the suspects back to their source and make the necessary arrests. 
The operation was called off, and Lyga drove onto Ventura Boulevard. While he was stopped at a red light, a green sports utility vehicle driven by Gaines pulled up next to him; Gaines threatened Lyga. In response Lyga told Gaines to pull over for a confrontation. Gaines did pull over, but Lyga drove off; Gaines chased him, with the S.U.V. edging through heavy traffic until it neared Lyga's car. A concerned Lyga radioed his partners for help and readied himself to use his own gun. He saw Gaines had a gun and had threatened Lyga again. Lyga fired two shots at Gaines; the first missed, but the second hit the driver just below his right armpit, puncturing his heart before stopping in his lung.
Gaines then pulled into a gas station and stopped. Lyga pulled into the gas station and identified himself as a police officer and asked a customer coming out of the station's mini-mart to call the 911 emergency number. 
Soon a California Highway Patrol unit arrived, followed by Lyga's captain and the others on his stakeout team. The other officers took control of the scene using standard procedure. 
When Lyga returned to the station and awaited instructions on the investigation of the shooting he was informed by his commander, Dennis Zuener, that Kevin Gaines was a Los Angeles Police Officer.
Aftermath of the shooting.
The day after the shooting a media frenzy followed. A group of African-Americans, led by Gaines's former partner, Derwin Henderson, went to the scene of the incident and began conducting an unofficial investigation. 
Three days after the shooting, Johnnie Cochran, Jr. stepped into the case, having been hired by Gaines's family to investigate a potential claim against Lyga and the city. Cochran later filed a twenty-five-million-dollar claim against the city, charging that Lyga was "an aggressive and dangerous police officer" who had failed to summon immediate medical assistance for Gaines, contributing to his death, and that he had conspired to "hide and distort the true facts concerning the incident". 
The Los Angeles Police Department also announced Lyga’s job performance would be examined. On Lyga's second day back on his job, he was assigned to a desk by the narcotics-division commander, and was told that he had 40 questionable incidents filed, however he had been exonerated in four cases of using unnecessary force, or the cases were classified as unfounded or unresolved. He was also tested for signs of racial bias for every use-of-force incident by a demographic examination; no signs of racial bias by Lyga were found.
District Attorney Gil Garcetti opened a criminal investigation into the shooting. Witnesses to various moments of the event confirmed Lyga's account, as did a surveillance camera at the mini-mart, which recorded the sound of Lyga firing two shots 1.8 seconds apart. The District Attorney's inquiry eventually ruled that Lyga was not criminally liable. 
Three months after the incident, the LAPD unit investigating the shooting found that Lyga had acted according to department policy, and the department's shooting board recommended no disciplinary action. 
The ruling, however, was postponed pending results of a three-dimensional digital re-creation of the shooting. In November, 1997, Lyga appeared again before the shooting board, which reviewed the evidence and the 3D re-creation, and in December LAPD chief Bernard Parks reported that the shooting was within department policy; no action would be taken against Lyga. 
Even though the re-creation of the shooting supported Lyga’s story, the city and Cochran agreed to a settlement conference the following October, mediated by retired Judge R. William Schoettler, Cochran had reduced his claim for 25 million dollars to $800,000 and then to $250,000, which the city agreed to. Judge Schoettler later wrote a letter to Parks telling him that he thought that, had the case gone to trial, he believed Lyga and the city would have won the case.
Schoettler added that a settlement had been proposed primarily to avoid adverse publicity; the settlement could be termed ‘political’ as City Attorney James Hahn was preparing to run for mayor and African American voters made up his principal base, so neither the fact of the settlement nor the amount involved should in any way reflect upon the conduct of Detective Lyga.
Stolen evidence.
Within months of being cleared, Lyga found himself under investigation again. On March 27, 1998, one pound of cocaine evidence booked from one of Lyga's previous arrests was found missing from the Parker Center property room.
Rafael Perez.
Investigators eventually learned that the missing cocaine had been stolen by Rafael Perez, who they suspected, at the time, of targeting Lyga in retaliation for the shooting of Gaines. The arrest of Perez, along with Gaines's death would cause investigations that would lead to the Rampart Scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="18703572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703572" title="Bellevue Cemetery">
Bellevue Cemetery

Bellevue Cemetery is a historic cemetery in Lawrence and Methuen, Massachusetts.
The cemetery dates from 1847. It is the final resting place of many victims of the Pemberton Mill disaster of January 10, 1860. It is also the burial place of comedic movie actress Thelma Todd, whose performance in title role in Laurel and Hardy's movie "The Bohemian Girl" was truncated due to her death, believed by some to have been a murder. And it is the burial place of three U.S. Congressmen: William S. Knox, William A. Russell and John K. Tarbox.
The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="18703579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703579" title="2008–09 York City F.C. season">
2008–09 York City F.C. season

The 2008–09 season was the 87th season in York City F.C.’s history, their fifth in the Football Conference and 81st in the league system of English football. Their 14th-place finish in the 2007–08 season meant it was their fifth successive season playing in the Conference Premier. It was also Colin Walker's first start to a season as manager, after he was appointed following the sacking of Billy McEwan in November 2007. The season covered a period from 1 July 2008 to 30 June 2009.
Walker made the most of his new signings towards the end of the previous season, with Simon Russell being the only arrival during the pre-season transfer window in 2008–09. The season started with an eight-match unbeaten run, but after three successive defeats in November, Walker was sacked. Martin Foyle was appointed as his successor, and during 2009 the team won only five league matches. A nine-match run without victory was ended after a win over Eastbourne Borough and survival in the Conference Premier was achieved late in the season. York finished the season in 17th place in the Conference Premier table.
The club reached the Final of the FA Trophy at Wembley Stadium, where the team were beaten 2–0 by Stevenage Borough. Richard Brodie was the club's top goalscorer after scoring 19 goals, with 15 in the league and four in the FA Trophy. Danny Parslow, who missed one game during the season, was voted Clubman of the Year.
Background.
Manager Billy McEwan was sacked early in the 2007–08 season with the team in 19th place in the table and having recently been beaten by Conference South side Havant & Waterlooville in the FA Cup. After an unbeaten spell as caretaker manager, Colin Walker was appointed as York’s permanent manager and led the team to a 14th place finish in the Conference Premier. Darren Craddock, Stuart Elliott and Tom Evans were initially released by the club, which was followed by the departures of Ross Greenwood, Chris Hall, Anthony Lloyd, captain Manny Panther and Alex Rhodes. Professional contracts were handed to youth team players Andy McWilliams, Josh Radcliffe and Liam Shepherd in May, which was followed by the arrivals of Mark Greaves and Michael Ingham, as well as the departure of Nicky Wroe to Torquay United. June saw the arrivals of Ben Wilkinson, Steven Hogg, Niall Henderson and former loanee Daniel McBreen.
Review.
Pre-season.
New signing Greaves was named as York’s club captain for the season before beginning their pre-season campaign with a 6–0 win over Tadcaster Albion, which featured trialists David Brown, Nathan Fisher and Anton Foster. However, Walker later said that the trialists were only in the squad to make up the numbers and were unlikely to be signed. Despite this, former Exeter City winger Lee Elam played in a 1–1 draw against Leeds United. David Wheater scored a late equaliser for Middlesbrough as York finished with a 2–2 draw against the Premier League side, which Elam again played in. York’s next friendly was against last season's FA Cup semi-finalists, Barnsley, which was again a 2–2 draw. Walker confirmed that Elam would not be given a contract with York, and he later joined fellow Conference Premier side Altrincham.
A 2–1 victory against Harrogate Railway Athletic saw goalkeeper Michael Ingham suffer a thigh injury, meaning he missed the game against Hartlepool United, which gave Josh Mimms the chance to play and the match ended as a 1–0 victory for York. A 1–0 victory, courtesy of a David McGurk goal against Sheffield F.C. meant York finished the pre-season campaign unbeaten. Goalkeeper Artur Krysiak was signed on a one-month loan from Birmingham City ahead of the start of the season as Ingham was still injured for the Crawley Town game. A day before the start of the season, Martyn Woolford left the club to sign for Scunthorpe United of League One for an undisclosed fee, which was believed to be a six-figure sum with a sell-on clause. Midfielder Steven Hogg was ruled out for the start of the season after contracting shingles.
August.
York's season started with a 1–0 victory away at Crawley Town, with striker Craig Farrell scoring the winner 19 minutes from time. Manager Colin Walker attempted to sign former Gretna winger Brendan McGill, who decided to return to his native Ireland and join Bohemians. The second game resulted in a 1–0 victory against Wrexham, who had won their opening fixture 5–0 against Stevenage Borough, at KitKat Crescent with Mark Greaves scoring the winner. Loan goalkeeper Krysiak suffered a dislocated finger during the match, which ultimately resulted in him returning to Birmingham prematurely from his loan spell, and was replaced by Josh Mimms, who gave an assured performance. York's 100% winning start to the season ended following a draw against Histon, who took the lead through a Daniel Wright penalty kick in the first half and McBreen scored the equaliser for York on 69 minutes. An attempt to sign Morecambe midfielder Michael Twiss failed as he preferred to remain in the Lancashire area.
It was confirmed that Michael Ingham had recovered from his thigh injury for York's game with Northwich Victoria. Winger Simon Russell signed for the club from Kidderminster Harriers a day before the Northwich game. Ingham failed to feature for York and was on the bench for a 2–2 draw with Northwich Victoria, which saw the team fight back on two occasions after twice being a goal down, with Richard Brodie scoring his first goal of the season. He went on to score in the third minute against Barrow in the following match, who equalised seven minutes later through Lee Hunt, in a match that finished 1–1. Brodie was named in the England C team for their friendly against Bosnia and Herzegovina in September. Midfielder Jimmy Beadle was loaned out to Whitby Town for a month, having not made any appearances for the team so far during the season. Onome Sodje scored with a late volley after coming off the bench to give York a 1–1 draw away at Torquay United to maintain the team's unbeaten record, which looked under threat after Danny Stevens gave Torquay the lead on 65 minutes.
September.
Midfielder Niall Henderson received a call-up to the Northern Ireland under-21 team for their 2009 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualifying game against Germany. Grimsby Town midfielder Peter Bore joined on an initial one-month loan on 1 September; transfer deadline day. The first match of September saw York draw their fifth game in succession, with a 1–1 draw with Mansfield Town, who were managed by former York manager Billy McEwan. Sodje's goal against Torquay was nominated as one of the five candidates for the first Conference Premier Goal of the month competition for August, which he eventually claimed. The team's first victory in six games came with a comfortable 2–0 win over Woking at home, with a goal from McBreen and a Danny Bunce own goal giving York the victory. Hogg returned to full training after recovering from illness and a thigh injury. A 4–2 defeat at Kettering Town saw York's unbeaten run come to an end after nine games, leaving their opponents as the only unbeaten team in the division.
Former Accrington Stanley striker David Brown, former Rotherham United defender Tom Hirst and Ipswich Town midfielder Jai Reason joined the club on a trial period. The trio played for the reserve team in a 2–1 victory over Grimsby Town, and after performing impressively, Hirst was offered a contract by the club, which he subsequently signed. However, Brown and Reason were not offered contracts. An 86th minute equaliser from McBreen gave York a 1–1 draw against Salisbury City at KitKat Crescent, which maintained the team's unbeaten home record. Danny Parslow signed a new contract with the club, which was followed by Rotherham midfielder Peter Holmes joining on a one-month loan ahead of the team's game against Kidderminster. A second defeat of the season came after a 2–0 loss to Kidderminster at Aggborough, with Brian Smikle and Justin Richards scoring for the home team. Beadle was released by the club towards the end of his loan spell at Whitby, due to him looking for regular first team football. This was followed by the departure of Bore, who returned to Grimsby from his loan spell early. A 3–3 draw away at Stevenage Borough was achieved after the team were 2–0 down after 19 minutes, with the York goals coming from Sodje, Holmes and Farrell. Sodje picked up a hamstring injury during the match, meaning he would be out of action for four to six weeks.
October.
A 0–0 draw with Cambridge United started October with a second successive draw, despite the team having the better chances, which was followed by the third defeat of the season at Wrexham. The club made an attempt to re-sign former striker Clayton Donaldson on loan, but were told to make an inquiry four weeks later, due to him having an injury. The first double of the season came with victory against Woking, which came after goals from Ben Wilkinson and McBreen. It was believed Iyseden Christie's loan spell at Kettering Town from Stevenage was to be ended early for a loan move to York to go ahead, but this deal later fell through. Walker later revealed he was interested in signing Bruce Dyer, four days after he played against the York reserve team for Bradford City, which finished as a 2–1 victory.
Consecutive victories came with a win against Rushden & Diamonds, courtesy of goals from Mark Robinson and Farrell, with the former being played as a winger, after which midfielder Holmes returned to Rotherham. Striker Brodie was loaned out to fellow Conference Premier side Barrow on a one-month loan, who he scored against earlier in the season. Former Leeds United midfielder Gavin Rothery played in the reserves against Hartlepool United, where he impressed and signed on a short-term contract. A 0–0 draw with Mansfield Town in the fourth qualifying round of the FA Cup resulted in a replay, which would be played at Field Mill. Defender Ben Purkiss was named on standby for the England C team for their International Challenge Trophy game against Italy in November, while Josh Radcliffe was sent out on loan for a month at Harrogate Railway Athletic. York were eliminated from the FA Cup following a 1–0 defeat at Mansfield. Striker Adam Boyes was offered a professional contract with the club.
November.
An 87th minute penalty taken by Yemi Odubade saw the team start November with a 1–0 defeat to Oxford United at the Kassam Stadium. Dyer eventually signed for the club, whose last club was Chesterfield, who released him at the end of the 2007–08 season. Boyes signed his contract ahead of York's Conference League Cup third round tie against Mansfield, which was won after a 4–2 penalty shootout victory. This was preceded by Greaves' headed goal in the 94th minute, earning the team a 1–1 draw, which was followed by a goalless period of extra time. The attendance of 609 was the lowest crowd in York City's history—breaking the previous record of 763 set in the previous season's Conference League Cup.
York's next game came 11 days later in a Conference Premier match against Torquay, which ended as the first home defeat of the season after Mark Ellis scored from close range following a Kevin Nicholson free kick in the 89th minute. A third successive defeat of the season came after losing 1–0 to Cambridge at the Abbey Stadium. It was agreed that Brodie's loan at Barrow would be extended after he scored four goals in six appearances, but York decided to overturn this decision a day later. Barrow then hoped to open talks over signing him on a permanent contract in January 2009.
Walker was sacked as manager on 21 November, alongside head coach Eric Winstanley, with youth team coach Neil Redfearn taking over as caretaker manager. He took charge of the team for the game against Crawley, which finished as a 2–2 draw after Lewis Killeen scored the rebound from a Thomas Pinault penalty in the 90th minute. Former Port Vale manager Martin Foyle was appointed as Walker's successor on 24 November, with Redfearn taking the role of assistant manager. He made his first signing by bringing in winger Adam Smith on loan from Gainsborough Trinity. Foyle's first game in charge finished as a 1–1 away against his hometown club, Salisbury City, which was earned following a Richard Brodie goal in the 82nd minute.
December.
A 1–0 defeat to Grays Athletic through a Wesley Thomas goal at home followed; this was Grays' first away victory of the season, and York followed this with a draw at Histon. North Ferriby United striker Steve Torpey was appointed as youth team coach as successor to Redfearn. Foyle's first win as manager came in a 2–0 victory over Northwich Victoria in the FA Trophy first round, with both goals coming from Brodie. This was followed by a 3–1 win against Ebbsfleet United, with goals from Adam Smith, Brodie and Sodje giving the team victory after being one goal down. Dyer decided to retire from football, so ending his career at York, while Rothery was released. York's two game winning streak came to an end following a 2–1 defeat at league-leaders Burton Albion, which was secured after Greaves, a former Burton player, scored an own goal. A defeat to Altrincham followed, after Dale Johnson scored a goal in the 89th minute to hand York a 2–1 defeat, after they had initially been in the lead, which meant the 2008 calendar year ended with a defeat. Redfearn left the club to take charge of the Leeds United under-18 team and Andy Porter, a former teammate of Foyle at Vale, was appointed as assistant manager.
January.
The New Year began with a second defeat of the season to Burton Albion, this time being beaten 3–1. Wrexham defender Kyle Critchell was signed on a one-month loan, who Foyle knew while he was a coach at the club. Adam Smith returned to Gainsborough following the conclusion of his loan, while a permanent move had been stalled as Gainsborough were holding out for a fee. Progression to the third round of the FA Trophy was ensured following a victory over Oxford at the Kassam, with goals coming from McBreen and Brodie in a 2–1 victory. Further signings from Wrexham took place when striker Simon Brown and midfielder Christian Smith signed on loan and permanently respectively. Defender Hirst was released after failing to make any appearances. Lewes were beaten 3–0 at home, with Brodie and new signing Smith scoring. Midfielder Henderson was released and returned to Ireland to play.
York were knocked out of the Conference League Cup following a 3–1 defeat to Barrow in the fourth round north. Midfielder Levi Mackin was signed on loan until the end of the season from Wrexham. His debut came against Eastbourne Borough, where York lost 2–1, with Smith scoring his second goal. Adam Smith rejoined York from Gainsborough on a permanent basis for an undisclosed fee. His return came as a substitute against Altrincham, where York drew 1–1, with Brodie scoring the equalising goal after Shaun Densmore put the home team in the lead. Farrell was loaned out to Oxford for the remainder of the season. The final game of January was a 1–1 draw with Kidderminster in the FA Trophy third round, which saw Boyes score his first goal for York, meaning a replay was to be played.
February.
Purkiss was called up to the England C team for their friendly against Malta in February, with Boyes being placed on standby. Critchell's loan at York was extended for a second month. York were defeated 1–0 by Mansfield in teams' fourth encounter of the season, courtesy of a Robert Duffy penalty. A 13–12 penalty shootout victory over Kidderminster followed a 1–1 draw in an FA Trophy replay, meaning the team progressed to the quarter-finals of the competition. McBreen was reported to have signed for North Queensland Fury of the A-League, but the deal had yet to be confirmed by York. It was confirmed that he would join the Fury at the start of the 2009–10 season in August. Former Wrexham defender Shaun Pejic signed following a trial at the club. York beat Conference South team Havant & Waterlooville 2–0 in the fourth round of the FA Trophy to secure a place in the semi-final, with both goals being scored by McBreen. This was followed by a 2–0 defeat at Rushden in the league. The first league victory of the month came in a 2–0 win against Weymouth, who were forced to play a weakened team due to the financial situation at the club.
March.
Ingham made several important saves as York drew 0–0 with Ebbsfleet at Stonebridge Road. The first leg of the FA Trophy semi-final tie against AFC Telford United was a 2–0 victory at the New Bucks Head, with goals in each half from Rusk and Purkiss. A late goal from Sodje earned the team a 1–1 draw at Forest Green Rovers, after Kaid Mohamed gave Forest Green the lead in the first half. A 2–1 victory over AFC Telford in the second leg of the FA Trophy semi-final saw York progress to the Final at Wembley Stadium, after winning 4–1 on aggregate. This was followed by a 0–0 draw with Kettering in the Conference Premier. Wilkinson joined Altrincham on loan until the end of the season after failing to feature in the team since January. York drew 0–0 with play-off contenders Kidderminster at home, which was followed by a 2–0 defeat to Stevenage.
April.
York fell into the relegation zone following a 1–0 defeat at Grays, who themselves moved out of the relegation zone and above York, which was followed with a 0–0 draw against Oxford. The team were defeated by Northwich 2–1 after Jonny Allan scored the opponent's winner in stoppage time, seeing York drop to 22nd in the table. This was followed by a 0–0 draw at Barrow. Before York's game against Eastbourne, the penultimate home game of the season, Parslow was named as the Clubman of the Year. This game was York's first win in the Conference Premier in nine games and it was achieved after McBreen scored the only goal in a 1–0 victory, with a second successive victory coming against Forest Green, who York beat 2–1. A 2–1 victory over Weymouth saw York secure survival from possible relegation, with their opponents facing relegation as an outcome of the result. The final game of the Conference Premier season was a 1–1 draw with bottom placed Lewes, which saw York finish the season in 17th place in the table.
May and June.
York were defeated 2–0 by Stevenage in the Final of the FA Trophy at Wembley, who scored with second half goals from Steve Morison and Lee Boylan. Following the end of the playing season, Foyle decided not to retain Hogg, McBreen, McDonald, Radcliffe, Robinson, Rusk, Shepherd and Smith. The contracts of Richard Brodie and Andy McWilliams were extended for the 2009–10 season, while Mimms, Purkiss, Sodje and youth team player Michael Emmerson were offered new contracts. Foyle made his first transfers of the summer after signing midfielder Andy Ferrell from Kidderminster and winger Craig Nelthorpe from Oxford. An undisclosed five-figure bid from Gateshead for Brodie was rejected. Three further signings came with midfielder Levi Mackin, who rejoined the club permanently after his release by Wrexham, defender James Meredith from Shrewsbury Town and striker Richard Pacquette from Maidenhead United. Purkiss signed a new one-year contract with York in June, while Greaves was released. This was followed by Brodie signing a new two-year contract, which contracted him at the club until May 2011.
Striker Michael Rankine signed for the club from Rushden for a fee of £10,000, in a deal that also saw York striker Craig Farrell join Rushden, while Emmerson signed a professional contract with the club. After failing to agree a new contract following a 28-day deadline, Sodje signed for Championship team Barnsley. Midfielder Alex Lawless was signed from Forest Green Rovers. York announced they had signed Ebbsfleet trio Neil Barrett, Darius Charles and Michael Gash, with Charles and Gash joining for a combined fee of £80,000, although the transfers of Charles and Gash fell through after Charles decided against joining the club as he did not want to relocate to York. Following this, former Mansfield defender Alan O'Hare was signed.

</doc>
<doc id="18703589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703589" title="Hôtel du Nord">
Hôtel du Nord

Hôtel du Nord is a 1938 French drama film directed by Marcel Carné and starring Annabella.
Plot.
The film follows the comings and goings at the Hôtel du Nord on the banks of the Canal St. Martin in Paris. The films begins with the gathering of many of the hotel's occupants around the dinner table for the first communion of Michéle, who lives in the hotel with her policeman father, Maltaverne. Madame Lecouvreur tells Michèle to bring a piece of cake upstairs to Raymonde (Arletty), who is talking with her boyfriend, Edmond (Louis Jouvet). A prostitute, Raymonde leaves Edmond, a photographer, who wants to develop his film. In the meantime, a young couple, Renée (Annabella) and Pierre (Jean-Pierre Aumont), enter the hotel and rent a room for the night. Once alone, Renée and Pierre discuss their plan to kill themselves as they feel they have nothing left to live for. Pierre pulls out a gun and shoots Renee, but then loses his confidence and is unable to shoot himself too. Edmond hears the shots next door and breaks into the room to find Pierre standing over Renée's body. Telling Pierre to escape, Edmond lies to the police and says he found the girl alone lying dead in the room. Raymonde, having stopped to have a drink with the celebration downstairs, is still in the hotel when the police arrive, and is put in jail for four days when an officer finds that her papers are not in order. 
Later in the week, Renée, who was only wounded, wakes up in the hospital and finds out that Pierre has given himself over to the police and admitted his guilt in trying to murder his girlfriend. While Renée tries to tell the police that it was a pact to kill themselves, they do not believe her and Pierre is brought to jail. Once out of the hospital, Renee returns to the hotel and is offered a job as a maid and waitress until she gets herself back on her feet. Attractive, young, and famous because of her suicide attempt, Renee becomes popular with the men in the hotel and bar. Edmond, who was going to leave for the south of France with Raymonde, changes his plans when he sees that Renee has returned to the hotel, and falls in love with her. Edmond declares his love to Renée and tells her that he is used to be a crook and is now hiding from two men. Renée and Edmond make plans to leave Paris and begin anew, but Renée changes her mind at the last minute and returns to the hotel to wait for Pierre to get out of prison. Edmond follows Renee back to town to say goodbye, and she tells him that the men who are looking for him are upstairs in the hotel. Edmond goes upstairs and gives himself over to his pursuer who kills him, but no one hears the shots because of the commotion on the streets for Bastille Day.
Production.
After the controversy over the army deserter in "Port of Shadows", Carné wanted to steer clear of anything with political implications for his next film. Carné reduces any politics to that of the romantic relationships. The film required elaborate set pieces, but the film's most elaborate sequence is the nighttime Bastille Day street celebration as it required over four hundred extras.
Adaptation.
"L'Hôtel du Nord" is an award-winning novel of the first "Prix du Roman Populist" and is a loose collection of sentimental tales about simple people residing in a hotel. The novel begins with Monsieur and Madame Lecouvreur buying and transforming a rundown hotel. The film begins with the hotel already up and running and gives no real mention of how the hotel came about. So too, the novel ends with the Lecouvreur's reluctantly selling the hotel to a large company that plans to construct an office building on the site and the tenants must unhappily leave and separate. The film's ending is entirely modified and not only is the hotel not being demolished, but the film ends with the sense that this place and the people there are left standing in time untouched by the outside world. So too, the film focuses on criminals, prostitutes, and vagabonds, and develops the novel's sentimental, rather than political, themes.

</doc>
<doc id="18703625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703625" title="Paul T. Jordan">
Paul T. Jordan

Paul T. Jordan (born c. 1941) is an American physician and Democratic Party politician who served as the 37th Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey. He succeeded interim mayor Charles K. Krieger. Being 30 years old at the time of his election, Jordan is the youngest mayor in the history of Jersey City.
After graduating from medical school in 1968, Jordan ran a drug rehabilitation center in Jersey City. His political involvement began when he joined a local reform group called the Community Action Council. Jordan was first elected as a reform candidate in a special election following the resignation of Thomas J. Whelan after Whelan's conviction for extortion and conspiracy. Jordan's election was hailed as an end to machine control of Jersey City politics, and was credited to support from a large number of young voters. He was re-elected to a full four-year term in 1973.
Jordan was the first mayor to propose a major redevelopment of the Jersey City waterfront. During his term, Jordan appointed Shirley Ann Tolentino as the first African-American woman to serve as a full-time municipal court judge in New Jersey.
Jordan did not run for re-election in 1977, choosing instead to seek the Democratic nomination for Governor of New Jersey. Jordan used an aggressive television advertising campaign that was estimated to cost up to $200,000. Jordan withdrew from the race and supported incumbent Governor Brendan Byrne. Jordan's campaign later received a $30,000 campaign contribution from Byrne's campaign, allowing him to retire 25% of his campaign debt. Jordan retired from politics and returned to his medical career following his withdrawal from the primary. He later served as the Chairman of Emergency Medicine at Trinitas Hospital in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
Jordan currently serves as a member of the New Jersey State Board of Human Services and served as its Chairman from 1991 until 1996. He is also the treasurer of the State Board of Medical Examiners.

</doc>
<doc id="18703630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703630" title="78 in the Shade">
78 in the Shade

78 in the Shade is a Small Faces album released on the Atlantic label in 1978 and re-issued in 2005 on Wounded Bird. The album was created during the brief re-union of the band in the 1970s. The follow up to the reunion album "Playmates", "78", like its predecessor, stiffed and the band broke up soon afterwards.
Reception.
"78 in the Shade" generally gained lukewarm to negative reviews. Allmusic gave the album a review of 2 stars out of five.
Personnel.
Thanks to

</doc>
<doc id="18703631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703631" title="TAOS">
TAOS

Technology for Autonomous Operational Survivability (also known as TAOS and STEP 0) was a satellite developed by the US Air Force's Phillips Laboratory (now part of the Air Force Research Laboratory Space Vehicles Directorate) to test technology for autonomous operation of spacecraft. 
The TAOS mission was operated by heritage Space Test and Development Wing and the 1st Space Operations Squadron.

</doc>
<doc id="18703637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703637" title="Girls in Their Summer Clothes">
Girls in Their Summer Clothes

"Girls in Their Summer Clothes" is a song by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen, from his album "Magic". 
Matched with a pop-oriented melody, Springsteen's full-throated singing, and a pop-orchestral arrangement, the lyric portrays a series of warm small-town vignettes:
"Girls in Their Summer Clothes" has been cited as a singularly "breezy" song on the album, though A. O. Scott of "The New York Times" notes: "Not that 'Girls in Their Summer Clothes' is untouched by melancholy. Its narrator, after all, stands and watches as the girls of the title 'pass me by.'" Jay Lustig of "The Star-Ledger" writes that the song "unfolds gradually and at its own eccentric pace, with the music, and Springsteen's vocals, getting progressively more intense." 
It was released for iTunes digital download on January 15, 2008, as a single-like "bundle" consisting of two audio tracks and an accompanying video. As such the "Winter Mix" of the song was presented, which featured a single not doubled Springsteen vocal track, some added or enhanced percussion parts, and similar small changes. The release achieved minor chartal success, reaching positions 95 on the Billboard Hot 100, 67 on the Pop 100, and 62 on Hot Digital Songs. 
The music video for the song (entitled "Girls in Their Summer Clothes (Winter Mix)") was directed by Mark Pellington. Filmed on the Jersey Shore on a cold winter day, it showed girls and women of various ages, interspersed with shots of Springsteen strumming his vintage Gibson J-45 acoustic guitar. The backing E Street Band was not shown. Parts of the video mirrored the song's imagery, especially the diner scene.
"Girls in Their Summer Clothes" was regularly featured on the 2007–2008 Magic Tour, often as the first encore song, although it suffered being dropped during a number of shows in early portions of 2008. One such first leg of tour performance was recorded an included in the January 2008 digital download bundle.
In typically delayed fashion, the song garnered two nominations for the Grammy Awards of 2009, Best Rock Song and Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance. It won the first, but lost the second to John Mayer's "Gravity". Springsteen subsequently confessed that he had not been tracking this closely: "I didn't even know I was up for a Grammy! I opened the newspaper on Monday and saw that I had won, and thought, 'Well, that's great!'"
Although the song's lush pop-orchestral production approach was extended on many of the tracks of Springsteen's 2009 album "Working on a Dream", "Girls in Their Summer Clothes" was little played on Springsteen and the E Street Band's associated Working on a Dream Tour.
Cover versions.
The song was recorded by Canadian country band Doc Walker on their 2009 album "Go".

</doc>
<doc id="18703652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703652" title="Webster's High School">
Webster's High School

Webster's High School is a secondary school in Kirriemuir, Angus, Scotland.
Notable attendees of the school include the successful indie/rock band, The Algarves.

</doc>
<doc id="18703660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703660" title="Steve Plater">
Steve Plater

Steve Plater (born 22 August 1972 in Luton) is an English motorcycle road racer. He was the 2009 British Supersport champion, and also finished as runner-up in the series twice in the late 1990s. In the British Superbike Championship he has 4 wins and 17 further podiums. He has won the prestigious Isle of Man Senior TT, North West 200 and also enjoyed success at Endurance racing. He lives in Woodhall Spa, Lincolnshire, and is involved in property development with his father. He has two daughters.
Having briefly raced speedway in his teens, he started his working life as a bricklayer, beginning racing in 1994 and winning his first ever race, at Cadwell Park. In 1998 he won the British Powerbike championship, and only lost the more prestigious Supersport title on countback. He set an impressive pace at the 1999 Bol d'Or en route to finishing third on a Kawasaki, which lead him to race one in the 2000 British Superbike Championship full-time, finishing 6th overall without a podium but with a string of 4th to 7th places. He missed much of 2001 through injury, but still took three podiums. 2002 was his strongest season to date, seeing him finish 5th overall on a Yamaha, with two late-season wins. In 2003 he rode a Honda to sixth overall, winning at Cadwell Park in 2003 )
He missed the start of 2006 due to injury, but returned to win both Superbike races at the North West 200. He won the 2007 Albacete 6-Hour Endurance race on a Kawasaki, teamed with Julian Mazuecos and Gwen Giabbani. He was voted Best Newcomer at the 2007 Isle of Man TT on Yamahas, having been mentored by former racer Mick Grant.
Most of his 2008 races were on Yamaha machinery. He won the Supersport TT race after on-the-road winner Bruce Anstey's bike was excluded. As for circuit racing, he started the year in the British Superbike Championship, but a lack of success saw him switch to Supersport, winning first time out before a one-off in the Brands Hatch round of the World Supersport Championship on a Triumph.
Plater spent 2009 with the HM Plant Honda team in Supersport, winning the title ahead of Australian Billy McConnell at the final round. He also stood in on a Superbike at Brands Hatch after Josh Brookes' visa was delayed, falling from the lead in race one but finishing third in race two. In the 2009 Isle of Man Senior TT race, Plater set a new race record, beating team-mate John McGuinness after his chain broke on the fourth lap. He also won the North West 200. He also contested the Le Mans 24 Hour motorcycle race for Honda France.
During Thursday practice for the 2010 North West 200 Plater who had set the fastest time in Superbike practice on the Tuesday was injured in an accident. He suffering a broken arm when he came off his bike at Quarry Hill on the Coast Road section of the course. Subsequent hospital examinations revealed that Plater had fractured his neck.
2011.
Steve has confirmed his retirement from the roads to concentrate on World Endurance Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="18703676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703676" title="Rudi Protrudi">
Rudi Protrudi

Rudi Action Protrudi (born December 15, 1952) is an American rock musician, songwriter, record producer, artist and actor best known as the lead vocalist and frontman of the rock and roll band The Fuzztones.
Rudi
Protrudi was born in Washington D.C. and raised in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. Both he and his younger sister, Rene Laigo, inherited their artistic talent from parents, John and Janet.
Rudi attended school in Camp Hill, Lemoyne and New Cumberland, where he graduated from Cedar Cliff High School in 1970. He attended York Academy of Art from 1971 to 1972.
At the age of 12, after seeing The Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show, Rock & Roll became his obsession.
Through The Beatles, he became familiar with Chuck Berry, who quickly became his idol. Like Berry, Rudi chose guitar as his instrument, and by the age of 14 had formed his first band, King Arthur's Quart.
He continued to play in local bands until 1976 when an audition for the Dead Boys provided him the opportunity to play bass for them at CBGBs. But a future with the Dead Boys was not his fate.
Soon after he founded Tina Peel with then girlfriend/live-in partner, Deb O'Nair and they moved to New York in 1977, where their serious music careers started.
Tina Peel.
Bubblegum-Punk band, formed in 1976. Rudi says, that this band was heavily influenced by The Monkees, Cryan' Shames, 1910 Fruitgum Company and Dave Clark 5. It is also Rudi's first band, where he performed as frontman.
Rudi wrote or co-wrote the majority of the original material recorded by Tina Peel with then members Deb O'Nair, Jim Nastix and Jackson Plugs. Dave U. Hall (ex-bassist from Birdland with Lester Bangs) replaced Jim Nastix after his tenure with the band. Dave went under the name Rick O'Shea.
Soon, they became a popular NYC attraction, often headlining the major clubs of the time (Hurrah, Irving Plaza, Ritz, CBGB), as well as appearing on several television shows, including the cult favorite, The Uncle Floyd Show.
Even though the band was courted by major labels, and enjoyed frequent press, Tina Peel broke up when members Rudi Protrudi and Deb O'Nair went on to form The Fuzztones in 1980.
The Fuzztones.
Other band members were Deb O'Nair on keyboards and vocals, Michael Jay on bass, Elan Portnoy on lead guitar and Ira Elliot (now with Nada Surf) on drums. Their first studio LP Lysergic Emanations has been released in 1985 and has achieved gold record status.
The band has also released a live album with Blues legend Screamin' Jay Hawkins in 1984.
One year later the band toured for 3 month in the UK and Europe opening for The Damned, and introducing the 60’s garage/ psych sound to a European audience.
After the tour the band broke up, and in 1987 Rudi and new drummer Mike Czekaj moved to Los Angeles, where they reformed the Fuzztones. The additional band members were Jordan Tarlow on guitar, John Carlucci on bass and Jason Savall on organ. This line up toured Europe excessively between 1987 and 1990, and was the only band from the 80's Garage Revival to land a major label record deal ( RCA/Beggars Banquet).
Their album, In Heat, was produced by the legendary Shel Talmy. A later line-up has recorded the third studio album called Braindrops (1991), followed by and Monster A Go-Go in 1992.
A live album, Lysergic Ejaculations, was released after their break up in 1992. Rudi wrote or co-wrote the majority of the original material recorded by the Fuzztones.
Among Protrudi's most popular compositions are Ward 81, She's Wicked, Bad News Travels Fast, Highway 69, Nine Months Later, Romilar D, Action Speaks Louder Than Words.
Their version of The Sonics Strychnine reached No. 1 in Italy.
In 2000 Rudi reformed the band with founding member, Deb O'Nair and again toured Europe frequently. In 2003 they released the critically acclaimed studio album "Salt For Zombies". In 2010 they began their new album's tour. The album, named "Preaching to the Perverted", was released in 2011. The band is still touring and releasing albums.
Personal life.
Rudi's first television appearance was in 1970, when he and his band, Rigor Mortis, played his original composition, "Bandit," on the Weekend Show, Hershey PA.
He made his first record in 1972, a single released by Springhead Motorshark.
Has played with or recorded with.
1. Screamin' Jay Hawkins <br>
2. Lydia Lunch & The Devil Dogs <br>
3. Esquerita <br>
4. The Dead Boys <br>
5. Peter Stampfel (ex-Fug and Holy Modal Rounder) <br>
6. Billy Idol <br>
7. Ian Astbury (Doors, Cult) <br>
8. Ann Magnuson (Ann's heavy metal satire band, Vulcan Death Grip, appears in her Cinemax special, Vandemonium and performs 2 songs co-written by Rudi.) <br>
9. Big Sandy <br>
10. The Unholy Modal Rounders <br>
11. Sean Bonniwell and Ron Edgar (as Music Machine 2001)<br>
12. Arthur Lee <br>
13. The Miracle Workers <br>
14. The Chocolate Watch Band <br>
15. Craig Moore (GONN)<br>
16. The Surfaris <br>
17. Vinny Martell (Vanilla Fudge) <br>
18. Mark Lindsay (former lead singer for Paul Revere & The Raiders)<br>
19. Pretty Things <br>
20. Sylvain Sylvain (New York Dolls) <br>
21. Davie Allan <br>
22. The Damned <br>
23. Marky Ramone <br>
24. Jeff Salen (Sparks, Tuff Darts) <br>
25. Mars Bonfire <br>
26. Tempest Storm <br>
27. Dixie Evans <br>
28. Andy Shernoff & Ross The Boss (Dictators)<br>
29. The Headhunters

</doc>
<doc id="18703685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703685" title="Geneva Mosque">
Geneva Mosque

The Geneva Mosque, also known as the Petit-Saconnex Mosque (), was constructed in 1978 in the neighbourhood Le Petit-Saconnex in Geneva, Switzerland.
The mosque was inaugurated by the Saudi Arabian King Khalid ibn Abd al-Aziz and President of the Swiss Confederation Willi Ritschard, and is the largest mosque in Switzerland. The building has space for 1,500 worshippers. The Imam of the mosque is Yahya Basalamah.

</doc>
<doc id="18703692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703692" title="The House on Trubnaya">
The House on Trubnaya

The House on Trubnaya (, translit. Dom na Trubnoy) is a 1928 comedy film directed by Boris Barnet and starring Vera Maretskaya. 

</doc>
<doc id="18703698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703698" title="Betanzos (disambiguation)">
Betanzos (disambiguation)

Betanzos may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703707" title="Miguel Cotto vs. Antonio Margarito">
Miguel Cotto vs. Antonio Margarito

Miguel Cotto vs. Antonio Margarito, billed as "The Battle", was a professional boxing match between World Boxing Association (WBA) welterweight champion Miguel Cotto and former International Boxing Federation (IBF) and World Boxing Organization (WBO) welterweight champion Antonio Margarito. The WBA welterweight title bout took place on July 26, 2008, at the MGM Grand in Paradise, Nevada, and resulted in an eleventh round technical knockout victory for Margarito.
Both men had previously fought on April 12 and emerged victorious, thus clearing the way for a July 26 match between the two boxers. It was Cotto's first fight in Las Vegas since December 2004. According to promoter Bob Arum, the bout took place in Las Vegas to promote Cotto to a new audience while also appealing to Margarito's Mexican American fans in California. Cotto entered the fight as "The Ring" magazine's #1 ranked boxer in the welterweight division and #6 in their pound-for-pound rankings. Margarito entered the match as "The Ring" magazine's #4 ranked welterweight. Press conferences were held in Mexico, Los Angeles, New York City, and Puerto Rico to promote the world title bout.
Cotto and Margarito's aggressive boxing styles led to much praise from multiple boxing writers. Kevin Iole of Yahoo! Sports named it the third-best boxing match of 2008 and the fight generated 450,000 pay-per-view buys, the third-highest in 2008 for a boxing match. Margarito was later suspected of cheating in this bout after controversy arose over his use of hand wraps after his bout with Shane Mosley.
Background.
Miguel Cotto.
After making six successful defenses of the World Boxing Organization (WBO) light welterweight title, Cotto moved up in weight class to the welterweight division and defeated Carlos Quintana on December 2, 2006 to win the World Boxing Association (WBA) welterweight title. Cotto's first title defense came against mandatory challenger Oktay Urkal in a bout that took place on March 3, 2007, at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in San Juan, Puerto Rico. A mandatory challenger is a boxer who is chosen by a boxing organization to fight for their title. If the champion decides not to defend the title against the mandatory challenger, the boxing organization strips him of his title. In attendance for the bout was former undisputed welterweight champion Zab Judah, who was expected to be Cotto's next opponent as long as Cotto defeated Urkal and Judah won his fight in April. Cotto displayed a dominant performance against Urkal, eventually to the point where Urkal's corner retired in the eleventh round. On April 13, 2007, Judah's match with journeyman boxer Ruben Galvan ended in a no contest after a severe cut opened up around Galvan's hairline, which was ruled to have been caused by Judah's elbow. Despite the no contest, the bout between Cotto and Judah went ahead as planned, taking place at Madison Square Garden in New York City on June 9, 2007. In front of a sellout crowd of 20,658, Cotto defeated Judah by technical knockout in the eleventh round.
In his next fight, Cotto fought former three-division champion Shane Mosley on November 10, 2007. Mosley had originally set his sights on fighting World Boxing Council (WBC) welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather, Jr., but Mayweather was in negotiations to fight Ricky Hatton, and on July 28, 2007, Mayweather and Hatton officially agreed to the fight. With the two fights scheduled to take place a month apart from each other, the media speculated that the winners of the two fights would likely fight each other next. Cotto was successful in his third title defense, defeating Mosley by unanimous decision at Madison Square Garden in New York City, while one month later, Mayweather defeated Hatton by tenth round technical knockout at the MGM Grand in Paradise, Nevada. Following his victory, Mayweather announced that he would take a two-year layoff from boxing to focus on his promotional company. However, one month later, Mayweather began negotiations for a rematch with Oscar De La Hoya. With several top welterweight fighters unavailable, Cotto agreed to fight Alfonso Gomez, a fighter most notable for appearing on the first season of "The Contender". The match took place on April 12, 2008, at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey, and resulted in a victory for Cotto after the ring doctor stopped the fight after round five.
Antonio Margarito.
On July 21, 2001, Margarito's bout with WBO welterweight champion Daniel Santos ended in a no contest after the fighters' heads collided in the first round and a deep cut was opened over the corner of Margarito's right eyebrow. He would get another opportunity to win the WBO title on March 16, 2002 against Antonio Diaz. Margarito defeated Diaz by tenth round technical knockout to win the title, which had been vacated by Santos. Seven months later, he made his first successful defense of the WBO title with a unanimous decision victory over Danny Perez. His second title defense came against former WBA welterweight champion Andrew Lewis at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino in Las Vegas on February 8, 2003. Margarito won the fight by second round technical knockout after a significant amount of punches from Margarito led to a stoppage from the referee. On January 31, 2004, at the Dodge Theatre in Phoenix, Arizona, Margarito defeated Hercules Kyvelos by second round technical knockout in his third title defense. After the fight, he discussed his interest in a major fight with Oscar De La Hoya, Shane Mosley, or Fernando Vargas.
In his next fight, Margarito moved up in weight class for a rematch with Daniel Santos, who possessed the WBO junior welterweight title. The fight took place on September 11, 2004 and ended in a technical decision victory for Santos after Margarito was cut over the right eye by an unintentional headbutt in round six. After round nine it was ruled Margarito could not continue, so the fight was decided on the scorecards and Santos led 86–85, 87–84 on two cards while Margarito was ahead 86–85 on the third scorecard. After the loss, Margarito moved back down in weight to defend his WBO welterweight title against Sebastian Lujan on February 18, 2005. He won the fight by technical knockout in the tenth round and set up a fight against Kermit Cintron, who was in attendance for Margarito's fight with Lujan. On April 23, 2005, Margarito defeated the less experienced Cintron, knocking him down four times en route to a technical knockout victory in the fifth round at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. Margarito's next fight took place on February 18, 2006, when he defeated Manuel Gomez by technical knockout in just 74 seconds in Las Vegas.
After Floyd Mayweather, Jr. defeated Zab Judah on April 8, 2006, he rejected an $8 million offer from promoter Bob Arum to fight Margarito on August 12, 2006, citing a hand injury as the reason he did not take the bout. On December 2, 2006, Margarito successfully defended the WBO welterweight title for the seventh time with a unanimous decision victory over Joshua Clottey. On July 14, 2007, Margarito fought Paul Williams in his eighth title defense at the Home Depot Center in Carson, California. With a victory, Margarito would set up himself up for a welterweight title unification match against Miguel Cotto in the autumn, but Margarito lost to Williams by unanimous decision. Four months later, Margarito knocked out Golden Johnson in the first round at Madison Square Garden in New York City. On April 12, 2008, Margarito had a rematch with Kermit Cintron, who held the IBF welterweight title. The match took place on the undercard of Cotto's fight with Alfonso Gomez and Margarito knocked out Cintron in the sixth round to win the title.
Pre-fight information.
Both fighters' victories on April 12 cleared the way for a July 26 showdown between Cotto and Margarito. The WBA welterweight title fight took place in MGM Grand in Las Vegas, marking the first time Cotto headlined a Las Vegas card. It was Cotto's first fight in Las Vegas since December 11, 2004, on the undercard of Vitali Klitschko's bout with Danny Williams. According to Bob Arum, the match took place in Las Vegas to promote Cotto to a new audience while also appealing to Margarito's Mexican American fans in California. The Las Vegas notion gained momentum in the previous month when the Nevada Athletic Commission amended its provisional rules on glove size, allowing welterweights to wear 8 ounce (227 g) gloves instead of the previously mandated 10 ounce (284 g) gloves. Nearly every other boxing jurisdiction in the United States allows welterweights to fight with 8 ounce gloves, and both Cotto and Margarito likely would have refused to fight in Las Vegas without their usual glove size. Margarito had to vacate the IBF welterweight title after the IBF mandated him to defend the title against Joshua Clottey. Press conferences were held in Mexico, Los Angeles, New York City, and Puerto Rico to promote the world title bout.
Cotto entered the fight as "The Ring" magazine's #1 ranked boxer in the welterweight division and #6 in their pound-for-pound rankings. Margarito entered the match as The Ring magazine's #4 ranked welterweight. The official judges for the bout were Dave Moretti, Jerry Roth, and Glen Hamada, and the referee was Kenny Bayless. Serving as the ring announcer for the fight was Michael Buffer. Promoted by Arum's Top Rank Boxing promotional company, the match aired on Home Box Office (HBO) Pay-Per-View. Cotto entered the fight as a two-to-one betting favorite, and the official attendance for the event was 10,477. Both Margarito and Cotto weighed in at the welterweight limit of .
Opinions.
Cotto and Margarito's aggressive boxing styles led to much speculation of a potential fight of the year candidate. Junior welterweight titleholder Paulie Malignaggi said that the fight would be "pure entertainment", and HBO commentator Jim Lampley said that "I'm asking for one of my top 10 fights in my 22 years of calling fights on television". Dave Larzelere of "Sporting News" wrote that the bout had "the potential to be one of those epic Irresistible Force vs. Immoveable Object kind of battles that we talk about forever afterwards, à la Hagler/Hearns or Corrales/Castillo". Jeff Haney of the "Las Vegas Sun" described the fight as "not only the sport’s most promising matchup of the year. It also conjures memories of past fights in which regional or national pride was at stake", noting the rivalry between Mexico and Puerto Rico. The "Arizona Republic" wrote, "Cotto, an impassive and intimidating Puerto Rican, and Margarito, a patient and tough Mexican, are another chapter in a rivalry rich in legends and still productive". Yahoo! Sports writer Kevin Iole felt that the boxing match would provide a performance similar to that of the fight between Jose Luis Castillo and Diego Corrales, which was named fight of the year by "The Ring" magazine.
Bout summary.
Margarito, traditionally a sluggish starter, anticipated to emerge swift, but it was Cotto who got off to a more effective start by throwing numerous punches and applying plenty of movement. Cotto picked up where he left off in the second round, approaching directly at Margarito though easily getting by harm's way once Margarito sought to counterpunch. That, nevertheless, changed approximately a minute into the round, as Margarito landed a right hand that momentarily had Cotto by the ropes. Margarito directed his assault to Cotto's body, but Cotto landed various left hooks. Blood started descending from Cotto's nose, but did not discourage him from closing the round by landing a punch upon Margarito. Mobility represented the key for Cotto in the third round, efficaciously blending boxing and brawling while trying to minimize the blood flow from his nose and a small cut over his left eye. Margarito continued targeting the body, but drew two distinguish warnings for low blows in the span of less than a minute. Margarito closed the gap sufficiency in the fourth round by landing a right uppercut and attacking Cotto's body to slow him down. In the fifth round, Cotto provided plenty of lateral movement which frustrated Margarito. Cotto persisted on the move and would land a flurry of punches prior to directly escaping harm's way. Margarito landed a straight right hand that had Cotto temporarily unsteady with ten seconds to go, but Cotto eluded all of the ensuing punches until the final bell.
While Margarito did not land a lot of punches, he remained the more engaged fighter in the sixth round. A left hook to the body had Cotto on the defensive early in the seventh round, but he was able to fend off additional difficulty. A right hand from Cotto slowed Margarito, but he returned with punches that forced Cotto to clinch. Margarito commanded the bulk of the round, throwing 130 punches in the round according to Compubox. Cotto was advocated by his corner in between rounds to stay off the ropes. He obliged, providing lateral movement throughout the round but with approximately 30 seconds left, Margarito was able to trap Cotto in a corner, but Cotto managed to escape. It was more of the same in the ninth round, with Cotto going back and forth between southpaw and conventional stance. Margarito continued charging ahead, although Cotto would counterpunch sufficiency to avoid Margarito. The same pattern applied as in the previous two rounds, with Margarito charging forward and Cotto using movement while anticipating chances to counterpunch. Margarito immediately concluded the gap in the final 15 seconds, landing a left hook, left uppercut and right hand that had Cotto against the ropes. Halfway through the eleventh round, a left uppercut by Margarito left Cotto vulnerable as he took a knee after Margarito landed a right uppercut and two right hands. Cotto managed to get up, but he went down again, despite Margarito not landing another punch. The referee moved in to count, but Evangelista Cotto, Cotto's trainer and uncle, climbed on to the ring apron and threw in the towel. The official time of the stoppage was 2:05 of round eleven.
Post-fight.
Dan Rafael of ESPN.com described the fight as a "riveting slugfest with a dramatic ending that left the throbbing crowd of 10,477 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in ecstasy". The referee for the bout Kenny Bayless called it "the best fight I've ever done". Fightnews.com writers Andreas Hale and Victor Perea called it "an instant classic that gave boxing fans all over the world all they could handle...and then some". Dave Larzelere of "Sporting News" wrote that it "was unquestionably the fight of the year". Compubox wrote, "Margarito-Cotto was billed as 'The Battle' and it certainly lived up to the name as they proved why they are among the best boxing has to offer". BoxingScene.com writer Jake Donovan wrote that "It was brutal, and lived up to everyone's exceedingly high expectations". Kevin Iole of Yahoo! Sports named it the third best boxing match of 2008. The fight generated 450,000 pay-per-view buys, the third highest in 2008 for a boxing match.
Following the victory, Margarito became "The Ring" magazine's #1 ranked boxer in the welterweight division, and he replaced Cotto in their rankings as the #6 ranked boxer in the world, pound-for-pound. For Cotto, "The Ring" magazine dropped him to #3 in their welterweight rankings and #10 in their pound-for-pound rankings. With the loss, Cotto's fight with Oscar De La Hoya, which would have guaranteed Cotto $25 million, was off. De La Hoya instead opted to fight "The Ring" magazine's #1 ranked pound-for-pound boxer Manny Pacquiao on December 6, 2008, at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas. Margarito made his first title defense against Shane Mosley on January 24, 2009, losing to him by technical knockout in the ninth round. The California State Athletic Commission revoked the licenses of Margarito and his trainer Javier Capetillo for a year on February 10, 2009, after it was discovered before the fight that a plaster-like substance on illegal pads was found inside Margarito's hand wraps. On February 21, 2009, at Madison Square Garden in New York City, Cotto claimed the vacant WBO welterweight title by defeating Michael Jennings by fifth round technical knockout. In his second title defense, Cotto defeated former IBF welterweight champion Joshua Clottey by split decision at Madison Square Garden on June 13, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18703708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703708" title="Lake Salda">
Lake Salda

Lake Salda is a mid-size crater lake in southwestern Turkey, within the boundaries of Yeşilova district depending Burdur Province, and it lies at a distance of about fifty kilometers to the west from the province seat of Burdur. 
Salda is often cited as part of the Turkish Lakes Region that corresponds to the lands that extend across inner west- to southern Anatolia, especially in the provinces depending Isparta and Afyonkarahisar, although Lake Salda is geographically separate from the larger lakes which are more to the west and, being a crater lake, is morphologically different. 
The lake area covers 4,370 hectares, and its depth reaches 196 meters, making it one of the deeper lakes in Turkey, if not the deepest. 
It is a popular excursion spot across the region or from beyond, the more so due to the hydromagnesite mineral found along its coasts which are believed to offer remedies for certain dermatological diseases. The shoreline surrounded by black pine forests are also popular among hunters, the game and the fowl available including quails, hares, foxes, boars and wild ducks, aside from the lake's fish. White sandy beaches, limpid water and seven crystal-white islets within the lake complete the scenery. 
A township that starts almost at the shore to the southwest of the lake carries the same name, Salda. The local administrative seat of Yeşilova is located to the east of the lake at a distance of about four kilometers and Yeşilova municipality manages the lake's camping facilities.
Its peculiar morphology led a number of academic studies to be conducted on Lake Salda. The unusual alkaline nature of the lake means that is one of the few locations where ancient stromatolite algae still grows.
External links.
www.saldagolu.com

</doc>
<doc id="18703717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703717" title="John Carlson (sportscaster)">
John Carlson (sportscaster)

John Carlson is a former American sportscaster.
Carlson called New England Patriots games from 1980–1986, New England Whalers from 1972–1975, Boston College Eagles football and Basketball on TV and Radio from 1987–1989, and Minnesota Vikings games in 1990. Carlson was a sports talk show host at WEEI radio in Boston from 1976–1987 and at WRKO 1987-1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18703720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703720" title="Larkin at Sixty">
Larkin at Sixty

Larkin at Sixty (1982) is a collection of original essays and poems published to celebrate the sixtieth birthday of the English poet Philip Larkin. It was edited and introduced by Anthony Thwaite and published by Larkin's publishers, Faber and Faber. A poetic dramatisation of the launch of the book was written by Russell Davies.
Contents.
Thwaite's introduction reveals that there were originally to be twenty-three contributors, but four ("An American, a Russian, a Pakistani and a woman") dropped out for various reasons. As well as the introduction, the book contains the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18703723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703723" title="Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham">
Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham

Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham (or the Union Church and Parsonage) is a historic church at 128-130 Main Road in Tyringham, Massachusetts. The property includes a Greek Revival church building built in 1844, and a parsonage house next door. The house was built around the same time as the church as a private residence. Between 1844 and 1907, the church was also used for town meetings.
The property was listed on the National Historic Register in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18703732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703732" title="Southerness lighthouse">
Southerness lighthouse

Southerness lighthouse is located at the village of Southerness in South West Scotland. It is at present the second oldest lighthouse in Scotland. The lighthouse was commissioned by the Town Council of Dumfries in 1748 to assist in the safe passage though the Solway Firth of ships heading to the Nith Estuary. At that time roads in South West Scotland were quite sparse so the bulk of trade even between local villages, was carried out by sea. Dumfries was a major port and there were regular connections with Liverpool and, especially, Ireland. Construction was completed in 1749.
The lighthouse was raised from its original structure twice, most notably between 1842 and 1844 to a design by Walter Newall.
The lighthouse was first lit around 1800 and was decommissioned in 1936. The light was extinguished due to financial reasons between 1867 and 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="18703742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703742" title="David Swift (director)">
David Swift (director)

David "Dave" Swift (July 27, 1919 – December 31, 2001) was an American screenwriter, animator, director, and producer. He is best known for writing the screenplay for the 1967 film, "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying". Swift also worked as an animator and filmmaker at The Walt Disney Studio where he adapted the story of "Pollyanna" for the screen and wrote "The Parent Trap".
Career.
Born in Minneapolis, Swift's father owned a factory that made sausage casings. After the depression, he dropped out of school at the age of 17 and boarded a freight train to California to pursue his goal of working for Walt Disney. After arriving in Los Angeles, Swift worked several odd jobs to earn money including working as an usher at the Warner Bros. theater. In between work, he attended art school and also attended Hollywood High School at night. He began his career at The Walt Disney Studio as an office boy and rose to be an assistant animator under Ward Kimball in 1938.
After World War II service with the 8th Air Force, Swift became a radio and television writer. He attracted acclaim as the creator of "Mr. Peepers". Swift rejoined Disney as the writer, director and producer of "Pollyanna", followed by "The Parent Trap", Walt often said Swift was like the son he never had. After making "Love Is a Ball", Swift was then contracted to Columbia Pictures for "The Interns", "Under the Yum Yum Tree" and "Good Neighbor Sam", the latter two with Jack Lemmon. He also created the show "Camp Runamuck". Swift returned to Disney to write "Candleshoe" in 1977.
During the 1980s, he worked as a writer and director for television. His final project was the screenplay for the 1998 remake of "The Parent Trap", starring Lindsay Lohan, Natasha Richardson and Dennis Quaid.
Personal life.
In 1951, Swift married actress Maggie McNamara. They later divorced. He married model Micheline Swift in 1957 to whom he remained married until his death. The couple had two daughters, Michele and Wendon.
Death.
On December 31, 2001, Swift died of heart failure at St. John's Health Center in Santa Monica, California at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="18703744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703744" title="Robert Bevan">
Robert Bevan

Robert Polhill Bevan (5 August 1865 – 8 July 1925) was an English painter, draughtsman and lithographer. He was a founding member of the Camden Town Group, the London Group, and the Cumberland Market Group.
Early life.
He was born in Brunswick Square, Hove, near Brighton, the fourth of six children of Richard Alexander Bevan and Laura Maria Polhill. The Bevans had been a Quaker family with long associations with Barclays Bank. They were descended from Silvanus Bevan the Plough Court apothecary and Robert Barclay the Quaker Apologist. The family, who could trace direct descent from Iestyn ap Gwrgant, had left Wales in the 17th century and settled in London.
His first teacher of drawing was Arthur Ernest Pearce, who later became head designer to Royal Doulton potteries. In 1888 he studied art under Fred Brown at the Westminster School of Art before moving to the Académie Julian in Paris. Amongst his fellow students were Paul Sérusier, Pierre Bonnard, Édouard Vuillard and Maurice Denis. Bevan made his first visit to Brittany with a fellow student Eric Forbes-Robertson in 1890 and stayed at the Villa Julia, in Pont-Aven. He made a second visit in the autumn of the following year before travelling to Morocco by way of Madrid to study Velasquez and Goya at first hand. He appears to have done more fox-hunting in Tangier than drawing in the company of the artists Joseph Crawhall and George Denholm Armour and was Master of the Tangier Hunt in his second season.
Bevan returned to Brittany in 1893. There is no evidence that he had ever met Van Gogh but it is obvious in the swirling trees and landscape of his Breton drawings that he knew his work. It is known that he was friendly with Paul Gauguin, who gave him several prints. Bevan also received encouragement from Renoir, particularly in his drawing of horses. Although not evident in the few paintings that survive from this period it is in his drawings, early prints, and two surviving wax panels that the obvious influence of Pont-Aven synthetism can be seen.
On his return to England in 1894 Bevan went to live on Exmoor where he was able to combine painting with hunting.
Married life.
In the summer of 1897 Bevan met the Polish painter Stanisława de Karłowska at the wedding of Polish art student Eric Forbes-Robertson in Jersey. At the end of the year Bevan and de Karłowska married in Warsaw. Her father had extensive land in central Poland and for the remainder of their married life they would make long summer visits there.
In 1900 the Bevans settled in London at 14 Adamson Road, Swiss Cottage. Their first child, Edith Halina (Mrs Charles Baty), had been born in December 1898 and their second, Robert Alexander, in March 1901.
The summers of 1901, 1903 and 1904 were spent in Poland and it was here that some of his most colourful work was produced. The influence of Gauguin was a key role in Bevan's development, helping him to discover the pure colour which led him to a premature Fauvism in 1904. His "Courtyard" of that year has been described as “one of the first exercises in the expressive use of pure colour in this century”. Bevan's early experiments in colour can also be seen in his "The Mill Pool" which recalls the "Talisman" picture that Sérusier painted to Gauguin's instructions and was described as being “quite different in colour and really rather superior”. However his first one-man exhibition in 1905, which contained probably the most radical paintings by a British artist at that time, was not a commercial success and was hardly noticed by the critics. "Bevan evidently lost confidence in the direction it pointed and never again produced so outstanding a painting of this type. Sir Philip Hendy, in his preface to the 1961 Bevan retrospective exhibition at Colnaghi's, commented that Bevan was perhaps the first Englishman to use pure colour in the 20th Century. He was certainly far in advance of his Camden Town colleagues in this respect."
Bevan’s second exhibition, in 1908, of largely Sussex scenes included the first of his paintings in the divisionist or pointillist style of which the best examples are "Ploughing on the Downs" (Aberdeen Art Gallery) and "The Turn-Rice Plough" (Yale Center for British Art).
In the same year Bevan submitted five works to the first Allied Artists’ Association in London’s Albert Hall—a non-juried, subscription show founded by Frank Rutter to promote progressive artists and based on the French Salon des Indépendants. (Wassily Kandinsky showed in England for the first time at the second exhibition in 1909.)
Having worked largely in isolation since returning from Pont-Aven, Bevan’s paintings were noticed by Harold Gilman and Spencer Gore and he was invited to join Walter Sickert’s Fitzroy Street Group. It was Sickert who encouraged him to "paint what really interests you and look around and see the beauty of everyday things". Thus began a series of paintings recording the decline of the horse cab trade, for example "The Cab Horse" (Tate gallery).
The Camden Town Group.
In May 1911 the decision was made to form a new exhibiting society from the ranks of Fitzroy Street and so the Camden Town Group was founded. The end of that year saw Bevan moving away from the portrayal of the cab yards to the London horse sales at Tattersalls, Aldridges, the Barbican, and Wards (see "Horse Sale at the Barbican", Tate Gallery and "Under the Hammer", Walker Art Gallery, Liverpool).
The Camden Town Group was short-lived. After three financially unsuccessful exhibitions Arthur Clifton, who ran the Carfax Gallery, declined to hold any more. However he still continued to back individual members and Bevan had his third one-man show there in 1913.
In 1913, "The Cabyard, Night", the only painting by Bevan acquired for a public collection during his lifetime, was bought by the Contemporary Art Society on Frank Rutter's recommendation that they should obtain it for the nation before a more discerning collector bought it.
William Marchant, of the Goupil Gallery, offered his larger premises on condition that the Group was expanded and that it changed its name.
This resulted in the formation of the London Group in the autumn of 1913. Harold Gilman was elected president, J.B. Manson secretary and Bevan treasurer.
From April 1914 until September 1915 Bevan rented a studio in Cumberland Market, London’s hay and straw market in Camden Town. It was here that the Cumberland Market Group consisting of Bevan, Gilman, Charles Ginner and John Nash held Saturday afternoon ‘at homes’. The four exhibited at the Goupil Gallery in May 1915 and were later joined by Edward McKnight Kauffer and C.R.W. Nevinson.
Last years.
Bevan spent most of his summers painting. Until the First World War this was usually at family homes in Poland or Sussex. However, at about this time, he was first invited down to the Blackdown Hills on the Devon-Somerset border as a guest of landowner and amateur artist Harold Harrison. Until the end of his life Bevan continued to paint in the Bolham valley and nearby Luppitt his angular style sitting well with the strong patterning of the landscape.
His London street scenes, which were largely in the area of St John's Wood and Belsize Park, were generally more favourably reviewed than his landscapes.
After a break of nearly twenty years Bevan returned to lithography. Whilst his earlier prints recall landscapes by Van Gogh the later works are more in the nature of tone translations of oil paintings. "In either instance they are technically superb and notable additions to English lithography of the period."
In 1922 he was elected to the New English Art Club.
Bevan died on 8 July 1925, following an operation for stomach cancer.
Legacy.
Despite memorial shows in 1926 and an Arts Council exhibition in 1956, his unique contribution to British art was not widely recognized until 1965, the centenary of his birth. In that year the artist's son published his memoir and organised a series of exhibitions.
Bevan’s modesty and reticence and his “almost complete inability to put himself forward” ensured that most of his works were unsold and a considerable number were left to his wife on his death. Stanislawa Bevan left her estate equally between her son R.A. Bevan and daughter Mrs Charles Baty. In 1961 they presented the Ashmolean Museum, Oxford with The Bevan Gift in honour of their parents’ work. As well as a number of paintings, drawings and lithographs this included the 27 surviving Bevan sketchbooks. Further works were added subsequently.
He was one of nine out of the 17-strong Camden Town Group to be shown in a major retrospective of the group at Tate Britain in London in 2008.
Works by Bevan can be found in many public collections in the United Kingdom. He is also represented in public collections in Australia; France; New Zealand; South Africa and the USA.
Robert Bevan was the great grandfather of the historian of architectural paint and colour, Patrick Baty.
Works on show.
An exhibition entitled "A Countryman in Town: Robert Bevan and the Cumberland Market Group" was held at the Southampton City Art Gallery from 26 September – 14 December 2008 and it moved to Abbot Hall Art Gallery from 13 January – 21 March 2009.
More works were seen in an exhibition held at Gainsborough’s House, Sudbury, in Suffolk from 4 October to 13 December 2008. The show was entitled "From Sickert to Gertler: Modern British Art from Boxted House".

</doc>
<doc id="18703754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703754" title="Leavitt-Hovey House">
Leavitt-Hovey House

The Leavitt-Hovey House is an historic house located at 402 Main Street in Greenfield, Massachusetts.
The house was designed by the noted architect Asher Benjamin in 1797 for Judge Jonathan Leavitt and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. In 1988 it was included in the Main Street Historic District.
History.
Judge Jonathan Leavitt was a graduate of Yale College. He began his career as an attorney in Greenfield. He later served as Judge of the Court of Common Pleas in 1812, and Judge of Probate from 1814 to 1821, as well as the first president of the Franklin Bank of Greenfield. He used the west wing of the Leavitt House (now the Leavitt-Hovey House) as a wing for his business activities. Judge Leavitt married the daughter of President Ezra Stiles of Yale College. The father of Judge Leavitt was Rev. Jonathan Leavitt, a Yale graduate who was a Congregational minister in Greenfield. Rev. Leavitt's wife was Sarah Hooker, great-granddaughter of the Rev. Thomas Hooker, founder of Hartford, Connecticut.
Some original architectural elements of the Leavitt-Hovey House are in the collection of Historic Deerfield in Deerfield, Massachusetts, where they may be seen by appointment. 
The town of Greenfield purchased the home in 1907, and in 1909 opened the Greenfield Public Library in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="18703757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703757" title="Sepasar">
Sepasar

Sepasar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18703763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703763" title="Weldon Hotel">
Weldon Hotel

The Weldon Hotel is a historic hotel at 54 High Street in Greenfield, Massachusetts. It was one of the first poured concrete buildings in the United States.
The first part of the five story concrete and stucco building was built in 1905 as an apartment house, but was converted into a hotel in 1907. F. O. Wells, the proprietor, was thought to be overly ambitious in operating such a large hotel, but his business eventually improved in the 1910s. It is said the name "Weldon" comes as a contraction of "Well Done". In 1914 Wells added a dining room on the north side of the building, and in 1927 added sixty rooms above that addition. The business benefited from tourist traffic along the Mohawk Trail. When this went into decline, the hotel also declined, and closed in 1977. The building has since been converted into a senior living facility.
The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="18703773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703773" title="United States Post Office–Greenfield Main">
United States Post Office–Greenfield Main

The US Post Office-Greenfield Main is a historic post office at 442 Main Street in Greenfield, Massachusetts. The main two-story central portion of the building was built in 1915, and features restrained Colonial Revival decorations, including a pilastered pediment surrounding a recessed arched entrance. The building was expanded in 1939, adding single story wings on each side. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985, and included in the Main Street Historic District in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18703787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703787" title="List of Reba characters">
List of Reba characters

Reba Nell McKinney.
Reba is the main protagonist of the series. She is played by Reba McEntire and appears in every episode. A fiery redhead who is known for her sarcastic remarks, she is very warm and loving towards her three children and while initially hostile to Brock and Barbra Jean, she grows to forgive them throughout the series.
It is mentioned that she developed a problem with authority during her childhood when she speaks to Brock's therapist, but had a very loving family growing up. In the first season she is struggling to save her twenty-year marriage to Brock before she learns in a therapy session he is divorcing her to marry his pregnant girlfriend, Barbra Jean. In the same session she also learns that her oldest child, 17-year old Cheyenne, is also pregnant by her boyfriend Van. She allows Van and Cheyenne to get married and move in with her, while her other children, Kyra and Jake, also stay with her. She initially refuses to be around Barbra Jean unless absolutely necessary and is equally hostile to Brock, though this begins to change after their divorce is finalized, Brock and Barbra Jean marry, and have their son Henry. A short time later at high school graduation, Cheyenne goes into labor and gives birth to a daughter, Elizabeth, in the hospital.
In the second season Reba continues to move on from her divorce, even getting a boyfriend for brief period, selling off her engagement ring, and accepting a job from Brock in his dental office. She later quits this job to work for Brock's arch-rival, Eugene, and helps Van and Cheyenne with parenthood and college plans. Reba also becomes more reflective-after attending an old boyfriend's funeral with Brock, she debates whether or not she made the right choice by marrying him at all. She also drew up a will after a near-death experience. A bombshell is dropped when Kyra, who had become increasingly distant when she spent more time with Brock and Barbra Jean, plans to move in with them-into a brand-new house just four doors down from Reba's.
In the third season Reba struggles to move on after Kyra's departure, even trying to permanently avoid Brock and Barbra Jean, before she reconciles with Kyra. However, Kyra's move strained their relationship and is at the forefront of several episodes; Reba even agreed to spy on Kyra at Barbra Jean's assistance. Things move from Kyra to Brock when he tells Reba he intends to sell his dental practice to play pro-golf, a decision that enrages both Reba and Barbra Jean, but one that Brock insists is because he is not happy with his life. Fearing he will have another mid-life crisis, Reba develops empathy for Barbra Jean and opens up to Brock about her feelings after the divorce. Meanwhile, Reba tries to help Cheyenne pick a major, and when she picks dentistry, Reba is initially unsupportive, but agrees to support Cheyenne after she insists she can do it. 
In the fourth season Reba mediates between Brock and Barbra Jean, and while tensions are running high, Barbra Jean kicks Brock out of the house. This allows Reba to develop more empathy for Brock, and in several episodes she relates how he is going through the same pain she did during their separation. Brock uses this to suggest that she still has romantic feelings for him, which is supported by his therapist. To make things easier for Barbra Jean, Reba finally urges Brock to make a decision between playing pro golf and his dental practice-he chooses the latter to spend more time with Barbra Jean and Henry. Reba, convinced that Brock is finally changing for the better, begins to become more cordial to him. After Van suffers an injury that ends his career as a professional football player, Reba encourages him to find another exciting job. After losing her own job in the dental office for calling her boss "a monkey's butt", she pursues a career in real estate and hires Van as her assistant. Jealous that he is a natural in the business, she insists he do boring work until he is better suited for the more important jobs. When she is inspecting Van's wardrobe she discovers a bottle of alcohol in the closet-subsequently learning that Cheyenne had become an alcoholic. 
In the fifth season Reba and the rest of the family try to help Cheyenne overcome her addiction and also work out her new partnership with Van. She is shocked to learn that Van no longer believed in God following his injury and demonstrates her more caring side when she asks their church's minister to help Van work out his problems, as well as when she allows a family devastated by Hurricane Katrina to stay with them. When Brock drops a bombshell on Reba that they owed the IRS $75,000 in back taxes, it rekindles her fury at Brock for being irresponsible. Because of the situation, Brock and Barbra Jean are prepared to lose their home, so Reba and Van decide to buy it and rent it out to them. Meanwhile Reba also suffers health problems-in one episode she gets laser eye surgery because of her poor vision, and she collapses at Van and Cheyenne's second wedding because of high blood pressure.
In the sixth season it is revealed that Reba is still jealous of Barbra Jean-after Barbra Jean successfully lost weight Reba starts to eat healthier so she will not become "the chubby friend." When Brock suspects Barbra Jean is having an affair with her personal trainer, Reba goes to the gym to spy on her-only to find out that the trainer is homosexual. She also encourages Van to accept a job offer from a more prominent real estate agent, which he reluctantly accepts. She is overjoyed to learn from Van that Cheyenne is pregnant again and helps her with family planning-which unfortunately for Reba includes Van, Cheyenne, and Elizabeth moving into another house. When Reba covers for Brock (who had lied to Barbra Jean when he said he would be out of town), Brock and Barbra Jean decide to file for divorce. After Kyra considers several colleges, she decides to put her education on hold to go on tour with her band, a decision that enrages Reba initially but she later supports. In the series finale, Van and Cheyenne move back into Reba's house after a small fire at their own. Reba helps Brock and Barbra Jean work out their problems and they decide to stay married, Van and Cheyenne move back into their new home, and Reba says she has finally forgiven Barbra Jean for being the other woman in her marriage to Brock. She notes that she is happy being single before the theme song plays at the end of the episode.
P.S. Reba keeps Brock's last name. Legally, her name is Reba Nell McKinney. She like the be called. Reba Hart. Van even calls Mrs. H, as if she's still married to someone.
Brock Enroll Hart.
Brock is Barbra Jean's husband, Reba's ex-husband, and the father of Cheyenne, Kyra, Jake, and Henry. He is played by Christopher Rich. Brock is a dedicated father but is occasionally self-absorbed and tries to believe he is still a younger man.
At the beginning of the series Brock is separated from Reba because of his affair with Barbra Jean, who was at the time a dental hygienist in his office. In the opening scene of the series, during a therapy session, he announces to Reba that he intends to marry a pregnant Barbra Jean, while he also learns that his eldest child Cheyenne is also pregnant by her boyfriend Van. Brock lived in a condo during his separation but often comes over to Reba's house to talk. In the seventh episode of the first season, Brock learned that his father, who he had never been very close to, had died. Brock and Reba bury his ashes on a golf course. Brock and Barbra Jean marry and while he is camping she goes into labor-Reba goes after him and the two make it to the hospital in time for Barbra Jean to have their son Henry. In the season finale Cheyenne gives birth to Brock's first grandchild, Elizabeth.
In the second season Brock is living a quiet family life with Barbra Jean and Henry and gives Reba a job at his dental office. However, it is revealed he is having a hard time in his relationship with Barbra Jean when she confides in Reba that he is neglecting her. Brock also had a hard time with Reba's moving on since their marriage when she sells her engagement ring and the two attend a funeral for one of Reba's former boyfriends. They begin arguing over domestic issues, such as who will be the one to give their third child Jake his first bike. Brock also gets a vasectomy to prevent another unexpected pregnancy with Barbra Jean, which further strains their relationship. It is revealed that Brock is super competitive when he has a feud with fellow dentist Eugene (who is Reba's employer since she quit her earlier job at Brock's office) and tries to outdo Van on a double date with Cheyenne and Barbra Jean. Brock's mother Liz also appears, where she tells Reba she believes Brock made a mistake in his affair and shows obvious disapproval at Barbra Jean. Brock further infuriates Reba when he supports their second child Kyra's desire to move into Brock and Barbra Jean's new house-which is only four houses down from Reba's.
In the third season Brock shows disapproval at Barbra Jean's mother hen nature over Kyra, but drops a bombshell when he reveals that he intends to sell his dental practice to become a professional golfer. Barbra Jean and Reba are both outraged, but while Barbra Jean is content to let Brock pursue his career, Reba urges him to return to his practice and family. Brock then admits to Reba that he is unhappy with his life and has been taking medication for anti-depressence. Barbra Jean is even more upset at his using "happy pills," but Brock decides to continue on with his medication and pro golf dreams. In the dramatic season finale, Brock tells Reba he believes he made a mistake by marrying Barbra Jean.
In the fourth season tensions between Brock and Barbra Jean are at an all-time high, and Barbra Jean kicks Brock out of the house. Brock moves back into the condo, the same condo he lived in during his separation from Reba. After Kyra encourages him and Barbra Jean to work out their problems, they begin to reconcile. Brock moves back into the house and allows Reba to sell his condo, and Barbra Jean buys a dog she names Broque. Brock believes that Reba still has feelings for him and remarks that his therapist "will have a field day with this!" When his therapist confronts Brock and Reba and asks if they still love each other, neither answers. 
In the fifth season, while Cheyenne is battling problems with an alcohol addiction, Brock secretly begins smoking again after he lectures Kyra and Jake not to do it. Brock becomes jealous of Reba's online boyfriend and reveals he still has some feelings for Reba. His problems with Barbra Jean are continued when his brother-in-law Buzzard shows up and calls Brock a "dirtbag." Brock also has more than personal problems-Brock reveals to Reba that they owe the IRS $75,000 in back taxes. Because of the situation, Reba and Van buy Brock and Barbra Jean's home and allow them to rent it. 
In the sixth season Brock and Barbra Jean continue to have problems-especially after Barbra Jean loses a great deal of weight. The two decide to file for divorce after Brock continues to lie and deceive her-in one instance getting his vasectomy reversed so he can get Barbra Jean pregnant again. Brock suffers through the proceedings before in the series finale, Reba helps the two work out their problems, and Brock and Barbra Jean decide to stay married.
Cheyenne Hart-Montgomery.
Cheyenne is Brock and Reba's eldest child, Van's wife, and the mother of Elizabeth and an unborn son. She is played by actress Joanna Garcia. She is blonde and ditzy but is very kind and sensitive, and eager to help others. 
Through flashbacks in the third season it is revealed that Cheyenne had encouraged her estranged parents to work things out, but to no avail. She also got pregnant by her boyfriend Van, the football star on the school team, and the two agreed they would raise the baby together. Her pregnancy is revealed during a therapy session her parents were required to attend, and afterward Van proposed to Cheyenne, who accepted. The two married at the end of the series pilot. After a brief honeymoon the two moved into Reba's house and continued high school, though the school principal did not want Cheyenne to continue attending and briefly suspended her because of her pregnancy (though she allowed Van to stay because of his position on the football team). Cheyenne, who had been co-captain of the high school drill team and shallow prior to her pregnancy, began to become more sensitive and humble, though she still was upset that Van was the favorite for the Prom King title and she was not for the Queen. Cheyenne went into labor just before graduation but did not tell anyone until she received her diploma. She gave birth to her daughter Elizabeth later that night in the hospital.
In the second season she and Van are struggling to raise Elizabeth and continue thinking about college. The baby also takes a toll on their finances-they briefly apply for food stamps before Reba takes a job at Brock's dental office to cover the expenses. Throughout her own issues, Cheyenne encourages Reba to try speed-dating to find someone special, and encourages Van to reconcile with his parents (who had never supported his marriage and had kicked him out of the house after he told them about his intentions to marry Cheyenne). After a pregnancy scare, Van and Cheyenne move out for a time after Reba accidentally referred to Elizabeth as "a mistake." The two reconcile with Reba and move back in. 
In the third season Kyra, Cheyenne's younger sister who continually makes fun of her, moves out, taking an emotional toll on Reba. In an effort to convince her to move back in, Van and Cheyenne go to Brock and Barbra Jean's new house, where Kyra confronts them about how they had replaced her and Jake as the family in the house-the two reconcile after both are in tears. Van and Cheyenne also prepare to pick college majors-while Van is undecided, Cheyenne decides she wants to be a dentist like Brock. Reba does not support her choice because of her inability to commit to activities in the past, but Cheyenne insists she will be able to stick to her decision and pursues the career. She demonstrates her new adult perspective when she is upset that Van bought a car-a 1960s Mustang-without consulting her first. She celebrates her 21st birthday in the midst of a fight between Reba and Barbra Jean.
In the fourth season Van is traded to Denver, which takes an emotional toll on Cheyenne when she worries that he is enjoying being there without her. She and Elizabeth visit Denver several times until Van suffers a career-ending injury and the two are left with few financial options. Van is eventually hired to be Reba's new assistant in the real estate business and things begin to look up. In the season finale Reba discovers a bottle of alcohol in Van and Cheyenne's closet-and Cheyenne admits she has become an alcoholic.
In the fifth season Cheyenne becomes determined to beat her addiction, even trying smoking and Booze-Away pills before she attends a rehab center. Finally sober, she goes on a diet with Reba and Barbra Jean to help the latter overcome her food addiction. She volunteers at a homeless shelter and realizes that she wants to help people and changes her career choice to being a drug and alcohol counselor. In a unique anniversary gift, Van and Cheyenne decide to renew their wedding vows, but Reba collapses due to high blood pressure before they are able to, and Brock and Barbra Jean decide to renew theirs instead.
In the sixth season Cheyenne becomes pregnant again. Reba is overjoyed and begins helping her with family planning, but Cheyenne's hormones become insane for a brief period of time. After she is fine again she tells Reba that she, Van, and Elizabeth will need to buy a house to support their growing family, which Reba reluctantly agrees to. The two find out they are having a son, and Cheyenne dodges a promise she made to her father that she would name her son after him. The two buy an English-style house and after a small fire in the home the two move back in with Reba until the series finale, when the two move back into their new home.
Van Montgomery.
Van is Cheyenne's husband and the son-in-law of Brock and Reba. He is played by actor 
Steve Howey.
Kyra Hart.
The middle child, Kyra has the fewest emotional issues of the family and as such, seems to be the most well adjusted. Many of her traits and looks come from Reba, most notably her strong use of sarcasm, although she's known to be more manipulative and difficult. (Kyra is absent for most of the 5th season due to Scarlett Pomers battle with anorexia.) In the final season, she decided not to go to college and focus on her music.
Jake Hart.
The youngest of the Hart children, Jake is often teased by his sister Kyra. Jake is pretty oblivious of what goes around behind him. He acts like a normal boy for his age, although in earlier seasons he displays so-called feminine interests that worries his father, Brock.
Barbra Jean Booker-Hart.
First Appearance Pilot
"BJ" was Brock's dental hygienist and had an affair with him as his marriage to Reba was deteriorating. The result was her getting pregnant, and marrying him after he divorced Reba. Barbra Jean is even more of a goofball than Van, and is often an easy target for Reba's sarcasm. While noisy and annoying, Barbra Jean is a kind-hearted person with good intentions. Her tendency to tell "over-the-top" results in her sharing many random and often bizarre facts about her childhood and past. The most that can be understood is that she was born in Friendly, Texas and at one point during her infancy was "the biggest baby in Juno County." She had a sister, currently married, a brother named "Buzzard" (played by Bryan Callen of MADtv fame) and a father ("Big Daddy") who enjoys drinking and hunting. Brock is afraid of both "Buzzard" and "Big Daddy" because he knows they don't like him. She also claims to have an aunt who spits professionally. In the last season, she lost a large amount of weight and became a weather girl (she told people she was Stormy Clearweather) . In the last episode, she got a job at the weather station as a news girl(she called her segment "Babs Janson:Street Walker.")
Lori Ann Garner.
Reba's best friend. Introduced in season one in the episode "Every Picture Tells A Story". Lori Ann was married and divorced three times, presumably because all three husbands cheated on her. Lori Ann was Reba's confidant on her problems with Brock and Barbra Jean and even Cheyenne. During Lori Ann's guest appearances on the series, she is always cruel and evil to Brock, (who is just as cruel and evil back to her), as well as Barbra Jean (who seems to like Lori Ann). One can assume this is because of what Brock and Barbra Jean did to Reba, along with her own personal feelings for Brock. In one of the earlier season plotlines, it's revealed that Lori Ann and Brock once dated before his marriage to Reba. Perhaps the reason Brock's animosity towards Lori Ann are due to his own repressed attraction for her.) Lori Ann's voracious sexual appetite is seen in her continual quest to find a lover. In the episode "Every Picture Tells A Story", when Lori Ann says "men are pigs", Brock retorts with: "Well you must love bacon cause you keep marrying us." Even Reba herself describes Lori Ann as "a desperate, desperate woman" upon hearing that Lori Ann told a priest during confession that "he had nice eyes". She enjoys relationships, but hates men, having commented that the only reason men and women get together is because the parts fit. In total, Lori Ann only made six appearances in the first season, and one in the second season. Her last episode was "Switch", after that she was never seen again, but was referred to in fourth season episode "Van's Agent", where it was mentioned Lori Ann was going to Jamaica with a man who left the priesthood for her. However, she was never seen or mentioned again after that episode, or in any of the final two seasons of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="18703797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703797" title="James A. Hefner">
James A. Hefner

James A. Hefner was president of Tennessee State University from 1991 to 2005. Before serving as the president of Tennessee State University he served as president of Jackson State University in Jackson, Mississippi. Earlier positions include provost of Tuskegee Institute, and professor of economics at Morehouse College.
Early life.
Born in Brevard, North Carolina, Hefner's family was too poor to own books. Recognized as exceptionally intelligent by his elementary school principal, Hefner was invited to visit her home and read her encyclopedias, an opportunity which he availed himself of every day after school for nearly eight years. Graduating as valedictorian of his elementary class and salutatorian of his high School, he matriculated to North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University in Greensboro, North Carolina, where he was a class mate of Jesse Jackson. Here, too, Hefner was singled out as an exceptionally able student, by Dr. Janieta Tate, Professor of Economics, who invited him to come to her house frequently to discuss economics. Graduating with a B.S. in Economics in 1961, Hefner then earned a master's degree in economics from Atlanta University in 1962, where he taught for several years. In 1971, he earned his Ph.D. in Economics from the University of Colorado. Hefner views his own role as carrying on the tradition of his teachers, encouraging young African-Americans to achieve their full potential.
Tennessee State University.
During Hefner's 14-year tenure as president of Tennessee State University, he oversaw the implementation of a $112 million capital improvement plan, secured as part of the Geier agreement that attempted to end race-based disparity in higher education spending in Tennessee. Several new buildings were built, including a campus center, an administration building, and a performing arts center. Enrollment reached an all-time high of 9,100 students.
Current activities.
After Hefner's retirement, he joined the Du Bois Institute as a Harvard Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="18703798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703798" title="Johnston-Jacobs House">
Johnston-Jacobs House

The Johnston-Jacobs House is a Greek Revival style brick house located near downtown Georgetown, Kentucky. The original structure was built in approximately 1795 by Adam Johnston for use as a tavern-inn. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on October 2, 1973.
History.
Adam Johnston and his son Thomas were among the first permanent settlers in Georgetown, Kentucky. Around 1795, Adam Johnston established an ordinary; a place where travelers could have lodging, meals, whiskey, and stable their horses.
Adam Johnston died in 1810 and Thomas owned the building until 1830 when his daughter Mary Ann and her husband James M. Shelton acquired the property. William Jacobs, a blacksmith, bought the building and several pieces of property around it. In 1860, Nathan Payne purchased the house and renovated the structure with stylish Greek Revival additions. After Payne's death, the dwelling was sold J. C. Cravens, and soon resold to James Rawlins, and then Virginia W. Hamilton, wife of Dr. John A. Hamilton.

</doc>
<doc id="18703801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703801" title="Amy Rodriguez">
Amy Rodriguez

Amy Joy Rodriguez (born February 17, 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League and is also a member of the United States women's national soccer team. She previously played for the Boston Breakers and Philadelphia Independence of the WPS. She has played most of her games in the forward position and is known to be speedy. She is called "A Rod" by her teammates and sometimes by soccer commentators.
Early life.
Born in Beverly Hills, California to parents John and Lori, Rodriguez attended Santa Margarita Catholic High School in Rancho Santa Margarita, California where she was a Parade All-American in 2003 and 2004 and the Gatorade Player of the Year in 2005. Her paternal grandparents were from Cuba and immigrated to the United States in the 1950s. She has a sister named Lauren and brother named Adam.
In 2005, Rodriguez was considered the nation's top recruits and was named National Player of the Year by Parade Magazine, EA Sports and NSCAA after scoring 17 goals in 15 games for Santa Margarita High during her senior year. She earned local honors as the Orange County Register Player of the Year and Girls Soccer Player of the Year, as well as Los Angeles Times' Girls' Soccer Player of the Year. She was a four-time all-league selection and All-CIF honoree.
University of Southern California.
Rodriguez was recruited by and eventually attended the University of Southern California. She played for the Trojans women's soccer team from 2005 through 2008. She finished her career at USC as the number four all-time scorer and was considered a cornerstone in the team's first-ever NCAA Women's Soccer Championship. Rodriguez holds the school's second career game-winning goal record with 12, is number four all-time in career points with 79, and is ranked sixth in career assists with 17.
During her freshman year, Rodriguez led the team with nine goals, 25 points and four game-winners. She was named Pac-10 Player of the Week and to the Soccer America National Team of the Week after scoring back-to-back game-winning goals in 1–0 wins over Arizona State University and the University of Arizona. She was named the 2005 Pac-10 Freshman of the Year, a member of the Soccer Times All-America Third Team, and was selected to the All-Pac-10 First Team and Pac-10 All-Freshman Team. She was also named a SoccerBuzz Freshman All-American first-teamer and SoccerBuzz All-West Region first-teamer the same year.
In 2006, Rodriguez missed USC's first four games while competing with the United States Under-20 National Team at the U-20 World Championships. After returning, she started 14 of 16 games and scored the game-winning goal in USC's NCAA First Round upset of Santa Clara. She finished the season with four goals and three assists.
Rodriguez appeared in all 25 games as a junior in 2007, starting in 21 matches on her way to leading the Trojans in scoring. She finished with a team-high of 10 goals along with three assists for 23 points on the year and had three game-winning goals. Her first career two-goal game occurred in the NCAA Semifinals, where she scored twice in the second half to help USC to a 2–1 win and help earn herself honors as the NCAA College Cup Most Outstanding Offensive Player. The same year, she was named Umbro/Soccer News Net Player of the Year and was named to the All-Pac-10 Second Team. She also earned SoccerBuzz Second Team All-West Region and NSCAA/adidas Second Team All-West Region honors. Rodriguez was named to the Soccer America Team of the Week on October 2 after notching the game-winner against then number two Portland. She finished the season ranked sixth in all-time in career points (59), seventh in goals (23), sixth in assists (13) and fourth in game-winning goals (9).
During her senior year in 2008, Rodriguez missed the first three games of the season due to competing with the United States national women's soccer team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she won a gold medal. She was USC's top scorer with eight goals (including three game-winning goals) during the season, provided four assists finishing with 20 points. Rodriguez was named a Preseason All-American and was on the watch list for the Hermann Trophy. She was selected to the All-Pac-10 First Team and was an NSCAA All-American Third Team pick.
Playing career.
Club.
West Coast FC.
Rodriguez signed to play with West Coast FC of Women's Premier Soccer League in 2008. However, an injury to Abby Wambach propelled Rodriguez to the United States Women's National Team to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She never appeared for West Coast FC.
Boston Breakers.
Upon her return from the 2008 Summer Olympics, the new top-tier women's soccer league in the United States, Women's Professional Soccer, made Rodriguez the first overall pick in the 2009 WPS Draft. Her playing rights were assigned to the Boston Breakers. During the inaugural season, Rodriguez appeared in 17 matches (11 starts, 982 minutes) and scored one goal. The Breakers finished the season in fifth place with a 7–9–4 record.
Philadelphia Independence.
On September 29, 2009, Rodriguez was traded with Boston's first round selection in the 2010 WPS Draft to WPS expansion team, the Philadelphia Independence, in exchange for Philadelphia's first two selections in the 2010 WPS Draft.
During the 2010 season, Rodriguez scored 12 goals and had six assists. She was named the WPS Player of the Month for June 2010. Rodriguez finished third in the league in goals and scored the winning goal in the first round of the playoffs in overtime against the Washington Freedom to send her team to the Super Semifinal. She finished second on the team in minutes played with 2,001. She was named to the WPS Best XI and a starter in the WPS All-Star Game. She was also a finalist for the WPS Michelle Akers Player of the Year Award and was named the Independence's Most Valuable Offensive Player.
During a 2011 regular season shortened for Rodriguez due to her national team duty, Amy played in 10 games for the Independence (starting six) for a total of 641 minutes and tallied two regular season goals. She scored in both of Philadelphia's playoff matches, tallying the second goal in the 2–0 victory over magicJack in the Super Semifinal and the equalizer in the 88th minute of the championship game against the Western New York Flash, sending the game to overtime before Philly eventually fell in penalty kicks.
Seattle Reign FC.
In 2013, as part of the NWSL Player Allocation, she joined Seattle Reign FC in the new National Women's Soccer League. About a month after the allocation, it was announced that Rodriguez was pregnant and would not be available to play for the 2013 season.
International.
National youth teams.
Rodriguez played for several United States national youth teams, appearing in two FIFA youth championships: the 2004 FIFA U-19 Women's World Championship in Thailand and the 2006 FIFA U-20 Women's World Championship in Russia, as well as the 2005 Nordic Cup in Sweden. In total, she's played with the U-17, U-19/U-20 and U-21 programs.
Senior national team.
Rodriguez's first appearance for the United States Women's National Team came on March 11, 2005 against Finland in the 2005 Algarve Cup while she was a senior in high school. She earned two caps in 2005 at the Algarve Cup, playing as a sub against Finland and Denmark.
In 2008, Rodriguez played in 26 matches, starting 11. She scored her first two full international goals in the first match of the year against Canada and added another against Norway in the Algarve Cup.
Scored six goals with seven assists during the same year, including two game-winners against Brazil in 1–0 victories at the Peace Queen Cup in South Korea and during a friendly match in Commerce City, Colorado before the Olympics.
2008 Beijing Olympics.
By the spring of 2008, she had become a regular at forward and started four of five games at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she scored against New Zealand. Rodriguez had appeared in 18 senior team matches going into the Olympics. Rodriguez provided the assist on Carli Lloyd's game-winning goal in the first period of extra time in the Gold medal match to clinch the title.
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
In 2011, Rodriguez started all 18 games she played for the United States and recorded 1,102 minutes of playing time. She scored four goals with three assists. She played in her first FIFA Women's World Cup at the senior level, starting the first five matches of the tournament.
Rodriguez scored one of the biggest goals of her career in the second leg of the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup playoff series against Italy, pounding in the game-winner in a 1–0 victory on November 27 at Toyota Park in Bridgeview, Illinois. She started both legs of the playoff series and played all but five minutes over the two games.
2012 London Olympics.
Rodriguez scored five goals in a 2012 CONCACAF Olympic qualifying match between the United States and the Dominican Republic; the final score of the match was 14–0. Rodriguez's performance set a record for goals scored in a single match by one player in CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying and tied the single-game record for the United States national team. Both records were tied two days later by her teammate, Sydney Leroux, in a game against Guatemala.
Rodriguez was a member of the team that competed in the 2012 London Olympics. She played four matches as a substitute and received her second Olympic gold medal, the 2008 Beijing women's football gold medal being her first.
In 2012, Rodriquez had nine goals off the bench to tie for the second most in United States women's national team history with Debbie Keller.
On December 8, 2012, Rodriguez celebrated her 100th cap with the senior national team during an international friendly against China at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. She wore the captain's armband, a team tradition for players in their 100th national team appearance, during the 2–0 win over China.
Sponsorships.
Rodriguez, Natasha Kai, and Leslie Osborne are the only American women to hold sponsorship deals with sportswear company, Puma.
Personal life.
Rodriguez married fellow USC athlete Adam Shilling on October 8, 2011.
On January 29, 2013 it was confirmed that Rodriguez and her husband are expecting their first child. On August 6, 2013 her first son Ryan John Shilling was born.

</doc>
<doc id="18703802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703802" title="Keston Institute">
Keston Institute

The Keston Institute (Keston College) is an organisation dedicated to the study of religion and communist countries, at Oxford, England. It was founded in 1969 by Rev Canon Dr. Michael Bourdeaux.
History.
In the 1950s, Michael Bourdeaux spent a year in Moscow as a part of the first wave of British exchange students; soon he found 41 Russian Orthodox Churches still functioning out of the 1,600 before the Russian Revolution in 1917, this prompted him to take up the cause of those persecuted for their religious faith. 
Eventually in 1969, he founded at Chislehurst the 'Centre for the Study of Religion and Communism' together with Sir John Lawrence, with the help of Professor Leonard Schapiro and Professor Peter Reddaway. In the early 1970s he bought the old parish school on Keston Common and the centre was renamed Keston College. Later it broadened its purview to include formerly communist countries with its main concerns being the former Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc. Over the years it played a key role in the revival of Russian Orthodox Church, and has become leading voice on religious freedom in former communist countries, with an emphasis on the former Soviet Union. Eventually the enterprise was relocated to Oxford.
In 1984 Michael Bourdeaux won the Templeton Prize. Its current chairman is Xenia Dennen.
Since 2007, the Keston Institute's archive and library is under the care of the 'Keston Center for Religion, Politics, & Society' at Baylor University, Waco, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="18703807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703807" title="Pedro de Betanzos">
Pedro de Betanzos

Pedro de Betanzos (died 1570) was a Spanish Franciscan missionary and linguist.
Life.
Betanzos was born in Betanzos in Galicia. He was one of the earliest Franciscan missionaries to Guatemala, and founder of the Church in Nicaragua. He is said to have acquired, in eight years, the use of fourteen Indian languages, including Nahuatl. In one year he became fluent in Quiché, Kaqchikel, and Zutuhil.
It was during this time, and on account of his writings, that the controversy began between the Franciscans and Dominicans over the use of the Indian term "Cabovil" as a synonym for God. Betanzos insisted that they were not synonymous and always wrote "Dios", even in Indian idioms. The Dominicans on the other hand kept up the native term "Cabovil". The Franciscans were correct, in that the indigenous peoples had no conception of monotheism, and "Cabovil" does not means a personal supreme Deity. Betanzos died at Chomez, Nicaragua.
Works.
Betanzos was one of the authors of a work published at Mexico and entitled, "Arte, Vocabulario y Doctrina Christiana en Lengua de Guatemala". It is probably the book printed in Mexico previous to 1553 and ascribed to the "Franciscan Fathers", and also to Bishop Marroquin of Guatemala. No copy of it, however, is known to exist. It is the earliest work printed in any of the languages of Guatemala.
References.
Casual mention of Fray Pedro de Betanzos is found in Ycazbalceta, "Bibliografia mexicana", (Mexico, 1886), in which an edition of the "Catecismo y Doctrina" is mentioned (Mexico, 1556), and a reimpression (Guatemala, 1724). The title of the 1556 edition is "Catecismo y Doctrina Cristiana en idioma Utlateco" ; of the 1724 print, "Doctrina Cristiana en lengua Guatemalteca", and while the former is attributed to Bishop Marroquin, the latter has for its authors Fray Juan de Torres and Fray Pedro de Betanzos.
The biographic data are found in Beristain, "Bibliot. hispano-americana set." (Mexico, 1816), I, who in turn obtained them from Vazques, "Cronica de la Provincia del Illmo, Nombre de Jesus, del Orden de San Francisco de Guatemala" (Guatemala, 1714–16). Squier, "Monograph of Authors", etc., (New York, 1861), copies Beristain. See also Ludewig, "Literature of American Aboriginal Languages" (London, 1858).
On the controversy over the use of the words "Dios" and "Cabovil" see Remesal, "Historia de la provincia de San Vicente de Chyapa y Guatemala" (Madrid, 1619).

</doc>
<doc id="18703808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703808" title="Côr Cymru">
Côr Cymru

Côr Cymru is a Welsh TV Competition searching for the best choir in Wales, and airing every 2 years on S4C.
The first series was presented by Aled Jones and Heledd Cynwal, but all subsequent series have been fronted by Nia Roberts and Gareth Owen. The show sees choirs competing against each other in knockout-style semi finals in five different categories:
The winners in each category then compete in the live final for the grand title of "Choir of Wales".
The winners of the title so far are:
Despite a similar show being developed by the BBC in the form of Last Choir Standing, S4C recently revealed Côr Cymru returned for a brand new series in 2009.
Facilities supplied by The Barcud Derwen Group.

</doc>
<doc id="18703817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703817" title="Spring Hill College Quadrangle">
Spring Hill College Quadrangle

The Spring Hill College Quadrangle is a grouping of historic structures on the campus of Spring Hill College in Mobile, Alabama, United States. The original main building was constructed in 1831 in the Greek Revival style, but burned in 1869. It was replaced within the year by a new main building on the same site in a Neo-Renaissance style. St. Joseph's Chapel was built c.1910 in the Gothic Revival style on the northern side of the quadrangle, with the main building on the southern side. The perimeter of the quadrangle is enclosed by an open arched arcade, topped by crenellation. The grouping was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 17, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18703821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703821" title="Austauschbauart">
Austauschbauart

The so-called Austauschbauart wagons were German railway vehicles produced from the late 1920s onwards which had common components built to agreed standards. 
Origin of the concept.
The German term "Austauschbau" ('interchangeable component manufacture') is a manufacturing concept. The idea was initially used in the field of mechanical engineering, but is now the basis for industrial mass production techniques.
Fundamentals.
The basis of "Austauschbau" manufacture is that:
"Any quantity of part 'A' produced at different times and in different places, must match any quantity of a similarly produced part 'B' without further finishing being required."
In short, it is a system of common, mandatory, standard production tolerances and fits that are specified for components, based on their function. To comply with the standards, special machines and tools are used that also meet precise tolerances. In addition, measurement tools and training are needed, to ensure compliance with the guidelines, both during manufacture and as part of quality control afterwards. Part of the principle is to design in as many standard parts as possible - screws, bolts, etc. - right from the concept stage. "Austauschbau" has enabled the division of labour and specialisation in modern industry, leading to economic mass production of complex machines, tools and vehicles.
German "Austauschbauart" railway vehicles.
From the mid-1920s, in the spirit of such interchangeable component manufacture, the Deutsche Reichsbahn began to use a greater number of standard parts. The idea was that, by specifying tight production tolerances, to enable the easy interchangeability of as many part as possible both within and between various vehicle classes, in order to make maintenance cheaper and easier. To that end the "Joint Wagon Standards Committee" ("Allgemeine Wagennormungsausschuss" or "Awana"), as well as the "German Institute for Standardisation" or "DIN", developed the relevant norms. The construction of wagons to these principles began in 1927.
Whilst the various goods wagons that resulted are frequently classified as "Austauschbauart" wagons, when it comes to passenger coaches the term is only applied to the regular variants of the so-called 'thunderboxes' ("Donnerbüchsen"). 
Standard goods wagons.
The first "Austauschbauart" goods wagons were based on the extremely successful "Verbandsbauart" or "DSV" wagons. Of the original 11 types of DSV wagon, eight were standardised into "Austauschbau" versions and built in significant quantities. The two short open wagon (O) types were not longer up-to-date, so that no A6 wagons and only 32 A1 wagons were made. Also outmoded were the cradle wagons (A5) produced in a small batch of 26 units. Their role had been subsumed in the meantime by the eight-wheeled rail wagons ("Schienenwagen") built in large numbers. 
The wagons were initially fitted with Kunze-Knorr brakes. Several were built to be adaptable for Soviet broad gauge and designated with the letter secondary letter r. From 1933, the transition from rivetted to welded technology reduced the dead weight of the vehicles and increased the maximum load correspondingly. At about the same time the "Hildebrandt-Knorr brake" became standard, so that the majority of welded wagons were equipped with them.
In the middle of the 1930s, several types appeared with a longer axle base that enable faster running. Some of these wagons were equipped with steam heating pipes (secondary letter h) in order to enable their inclusion in passenger trains.
The numbers of "Austauschbauart" wagons never approached those of the "DSV" wagons because, to begin with, the world wide economic crisis caused a reduction in the demand for transportation. Only with the start of the Second World War did the transport requirement rise again. As a result the Oppeln (from 1937) and Stuttgart (from 1938) classes quickly became the most numerous "Austauschbauart" wagons built by far.
All these vehicles were of robust construction, in contrast with their successors the wartime wagon classes ("Kriegsbauart"), which meant that they remained in service with both German railway administrations for decades after the war without much modification.
Covered vans "G(r) Kassel", "G(r)(h)s Oppeln".
The covered vans of the Kassel class were based on the DSV's A2 wagon, the most striking differences being the use of a barrel roof instead of a flat roof and the brakeman's cab being located at floor level directly on the undercarriage rather than being elevated. The wagon body was stabilised by a diagonal reinforcing brace in the sections of wall next to the doors. In order to be able to use the undercarriage of the Om wagon (see below), the wagon body was shortened by 200 mm, so that the loading length was now only 7,720 mm.
From 1937 the axle base was increased to 6,000 mm in order to give it better riding qualities; as a result the top speed could be set at 90 km/h (secondary letter s). These exclusively welded wagons were grouped into the Oppeln class. The "short Oppeln" was the most numerous Austauschbauart with 28,000 units being built. In contrast to the "long Oppeln", (see below), it had a triangular strut frame.
Eight-wheeled rail wagon "SSl(a) Köln".
This flat wagon, built from 1928, was longer and, at 40 tons, also had a higher maximum load than its Verbandsbauart predecessor based on technical drawing A3. The most obvious new feature was the fish belly girder. All wagons had a hand brake. On the welded versions which appeared from 1934 there was an open, foldaway brakeman's platform instead of the brakeman's cab (secondary letter a), in order to be able to transport longer loads over the ends of the wagon.
Stake wagons "R(r)(h) Stuttgart", "R(m)(r)s Stuttgart".
The "Austauschbau" stake wagon was 600 mm longer than the A4 DSV wagon, so that the undercarriage now matched that of the "Gl Dresden" (see below). Optically the wagons can be recognised easily by their trapezoidal strut frames. Most of the 1,600 or so wagons were fitted with wheelsets for transition to broad gauge. Between 1936 and 1938 about 1,200 welded wagons were built with three-dimensional, diagonal strut frames and without hand brakes. They were also fitted with Kunze-Knorr brakes, the only mass-produced, welded wagons to get them.
From 1938 the axle base was increased from 7,000 mm to 8,000 mm and the wagons equipped with a three-dimensional, diagonal strut frame again. This stable design enabled a top speed of 90 km/h and, from 1943, the maximum load to be raised to 20 tons (secondary letter m). The other design innovations were driven by the requirements of the Wehrmacht. For example, the end walls, made entirely from steel, served simultaneously as gangways and, as with the "SSla Köln" (see above), the brakeman's cab was omitted in favour of a folding brakeman's platform. For strategic reasons the secondary letter r was not, at first, written on the broad-gauge-compatible vehicles. Almost 24,000 of these robust vehicles were built up to 1943. In 1994 more than 1000 examples entered the DB AG, not being retired until the end of 1997.
Lidded wagons "K Elberfeld / Wuppertal".
These lidded wagons were longer (length over buffers with/without hand brake: 9,100mm / 9,800 mm) and had a greater axle base (4,000 mm) than their forebears designed on the basis of technical drawing A7. The side walls were now divided into two panels by a vertical brace either side of the door. With the renaming of the recently formed town of Barmen-Elberfeld to Wuppertal in 1930 the designation of this class also changed.
Livestock wagons "V Altona / Hamburg".
Just like the A8 DSV wagon, a livestock van also appeared in "Austauschbau" configuration that, in terms of dimensions, maximum load and technical proporties, was the same as the covered van (see above). Initially built with rivetted technology, in 1936/37 another 27 welded wagons were built, all without hand brakes. With the absorption of Altona into Hamburg, the class name also changed from 1938.
Large volume covered vans "Gl(t)(r)(h)(s) Dresden", covered vans "G(e)hs Oppeln".
These large volume, covered goods wagons can be distinguished from the A9 DSV wagon version by their different roof shape, trapezoidal strut frame and diagonal braces on the wagon body in the section next to the door. They were built in rivetted and, later, in welded form in various configurations: with end doords on one or both ends and sometimes with exchangeable wheelsets and/or steam heating pipes. The Gl wagons were often used in "Leig-Einheit" pairs for the transportation of express, part-load goods.
From 1933 onwards, 650 Dresden class wagons were built, still in rivetted form, with an axle base increased from 7,000 mm to 7,700 mm. These demonstrated excellent running qualities and were therefore permitted to be used at speeds up to 90 km/h (secondary letter s). However it was problematic that the wagons did not fit on most weighbridges due to their long axle base. Even the wagons built from 1935 with a 7,000 mm axle base, were in spite of their long overhang, authorised for 90 km/h running.
After these experiences a completely new goods wagon was developed and built from 1934. It was produced only with a hand brake, and had a 7,000 mm axle base and overall length over buffers of 10,800 mm. It had, like the Gl Dresden with a 7,700 mm axle base, a trapezoidal strut frame and very good riding qualities as a result of its short overhang. Because its size was between that of the Gl and G wagons, it was grouped into the newly formed Oppeln class. To distinguish it from the later, shorter, type (see above) it is often referred to as the "long Oppeln".
Open goods wagons "Om Königsberg, Breslau, Essen".
The open goods wagons of the Königsberg class, with a 20 ton maximum load were manufactured from 1927 in "Austauschbau" form. They could barely be distinguished from the A10 Verbandsbauart versions which had been built from 1923. As a result the literature often wrongly cites the first year of manufacture of the "Austauschbau" form as 1923 or 1924. Its 9,100 mm long undercarriage over buffers (9,800 mm with hand brake) had a 4,500 mm axle base and was also used for the other wagon classes "G Kassel" (see above) and "V Altona" (see above) as well as numerous special and private goods wagons.
From 1935 to 1939 close to 4,000 welded Om wagons appeared, without handbrakes, that were grouped into the Breslau and Essen classes.
From 1939 the production of these wagons in Germany was halted in favour of the larger Omm wartime open wagons ("Kriegsbauart") with a 25 ton maximum load. By contrast, in several occupied territories during the Second World War, rivetted Königsberg class wagons were built in significant quantities, so that between 1927 and 1941 a total of just under 20,000 examples were produced.
The Om wagons were retired by the DB in the 1960s, but they were still indispensable in the DR in East Germany until the 1970s.
Rail wagons "Sm Augsburg".
This four-wheeled, flat wagon with 8,000 mm axle base, 12,988 mm loading length, 20 ton maximum load and no hand brake was built from 1927. It differed from the "Verbandsbauart" version based on technical drawing A11 in a large number of design details. Including the welded wagons, a total of about 700 were built up to 1938.
Only 20 units were made in 1939 with fish belly girders and interchangeable wheelsets, and classified as "Smr Augsburg". The design was however too expensive in comparison with the "Rs Stuttgart" (see above).
Special goods wagons.
Despite all attempts at standardisation the 'special goods wagon' group became ever larger. Many standard components like the undercarriage with a 4,500mm axle base, were used here. There was a range of wagons for special purposes, that were often designed to facilitate loading and unloading:

</doc>
<doc id="18703823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703823" title="Upper Culham">
Upper Culham

Upper Culham is a hamlet in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Hurley.
The settlement lies near to the A4130 road, and is located approximately east of Henley-on-Thames.

</doc>
<doc id="18703832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703832" title="Saddar, Rawalpindi">
Saddar, Rawalpindi

Saddar, Rawalpindi, Pakistan, is the main commercial hub of Rawalpindi Cantonment. It is located between the Mall road and the main Railway lines connecting Rawalpindi with down-country. It has some major business and commercial centres, main branches of major Pakistani banks and residential areas of British colonial era. Saddar is a home to dense residential and commercial buildings. Shops as well as shopping malls offer a diverse range of locally manufactures products and imported items. Chota Bazaar is a famous shopping area of northern part of Saddar.
Population.
It has a population of around 200,000 which includes a majority of Punjabis/Pothoharis and a minority of Urdu speaking Mohajirs, Kashmiris and Pathans.
Major roads.
It is the first parallel road to the Mall Road and is well known for banks, photocopier shops and handicrafts’ outlets. Its old name is Lawrence Road and connects Murree Road with Mahfooz Road which leads to the city Railway station. This road is the main passage of all the city transports which travel to all parts of the city as well as Islamabad.
Formerly called Edwards Road, it originates from the Murree Road and ends at Mahfooz road. It also runs parallel to the Mall road just next to Haider Road and has been named so because the National Bank of Pakistan is situated on it. In fact, branches of almost all banks are situated on this road. Gakkhar Plaza is a prominent shopping center on this road. Various markets exist for branded garments (Bonanza, Leeds, Cambridge, Levi's, Oxford, etc.) plus boutiques and shops for ceremonial dresses. Two big markets of Mobilephones also exist on the same road.
Next to Bank Road is the Adamjee Road which road originates from the Sarwar Road at Punj Sarki (5-road) Fuel Station and crosses Kashmir Road and continues towards the Railway line towards the north. Ministry of Defence offices and Poonch House are the important landmarks on this road. After crossing Kashmir Road, you can find lots of shops of auto spare parts of almost all automobiles running in Pakistan. The oldest Chhota Bazar (Small Market) is also located on this road after the spareparts shops.
This road originates from the Mall Road and hits Murree Road at Mareer Chowk. It is famous for branded garments shops, market for automobile spare parts, meat and poultry market and a tailor shops for ladies clothes. Its previous name was Dalhousie Road. General Post Office of Pakistan Post is an important landmark on Kashmir road. The biggest mosque of Rawalpindi, Jamia Islamia (Gousia mosque) is also situated on this road.
This road connects Adamjee Road to the Mall Road. You can find shops of carpets and handmade products on this road.
This road connects Bank Road to the Mall Road and leads to the Cantonment Hospital just behind the Gakhar Plaza.
Cantt Police Station is situated on this road just behind the Cantonment hospital.
This road connects Mall Road to the railway station. A big public school is also situated on this road.
Mosques.
jamia masid

</doc>
<doc id="18703865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703865" title="Swarnakamalam">
Swarnakamalam

Swarnakamalam () is a 1988 Telugu drama film, written and directed by K. Viswanath. It stars Venkatesh and Bhanupriya in the lead roles.
Locations.
The high quality of the choreography in the song sequences demanded locations that were spread across the country. They include Puri in Orissa, the Himalayas, the stupa at Sanchi, Visakhapatnam, and others.
Plot.
Meenakshi (Bhanupriya) and Savitri (Devilalita) are daughters of a Kuchipudi doyen, Seshendra Shastry. While a highly accomplished artiste in his field, Seshendra Shastry is not well-off and has not been able to afford his daughters a conventional education. Both of them have achieved a respectable degree of proficiency — Savitri in Carnatic classical music and Meenakshi in classical dance.
Savitri is grateful for her knowledge and interest, and looks forward to a life that will require her to hone her skills in the same art. Meenakshi, on the other hand, is bitter about the lack of opportunity that she feels in the field of classical dance in India and resolves to make a simpler and more pleasurable life for herself as soon as possible, while confiding her ambitions only to her sister.
Chandrasekhar (Venkatesh) is a tenant who has just moved in next door. He is a painter and is shown to be handling movie promotions as a large chunk of his work. He develops an interest in the neighbours and tries to help them in whatever way he can, partly because of his (unconfessed) interest in Meenakshi and partly because of his interest in the art which seems to be slowly fading away from public life. 
The rest of the film is largely built around Meenakshi's journey from skepticism to devotion in her pursuit of dance. Chandrasekhar is shown to be an important catalyst in this transformation. Meenakshi becomes an accomplished dancer and gets an opportunity to go abroad. She learns of Chandrasekhar's love for her. She doesn't go abroad and finally unites with Chandrasekhar, confessing her love for him as well.

</doc>
<doc id="18703886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703886" title="Upper Denford">
Upper Denford

Upper Denford is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Kintbury.
The settlement lies north of the A4 road, and is located approximately north-east of Hungerford.

</doc>
<doc id="18703908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703908" title="Gareth Owen (presenter)">
Gareth Owen (presenter)

Gareth Owen (born 1984) is a Welsh TV Presenter best known for co-hosting flagship youth Magazine show Uned 5 between 2002-2005 with Gethin Jones and Lisa Gwilym. 
After his three year stint on Uned 5, he became a regular face for S4C's coverage of major Welsh festivals such as the Urdd Eisteddfod and the National Eisteddfod, and currently fronts Cor Cymru (a high profile search for the best choir in Wales) for the channel every 2 years.

</doc>
<doc id="18703915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703915" title="Fleischner Society">
Fleischner Society

The Fleischner Society is an international, multidisciplinary medical society for thoracic radiology, dedicated to the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the chest. Founded in 1969 by eight radiologists whose predominant professional interests were imaging of chest diseases, the Society was named in memory of Felix Fleischner, an inspiring educator, clinician, and researcher who made many contributions to the field of chest radiology. The Society has had an active membership of approximately 65 members throughout its existence as well as approximately 35 senior members, who have retired from active medical practice or work in medical science after years of active membership in the Society. 
The Fleischner Society maintains a diverse membership that includes experts in adult and pediatric radiology, pathology, adult and pediatric pulmonary medicine, thoracic surgery, physiology, morphology, epidemiology and other related sciences. The diverse membership supports a primary role of the Society, which is the publication of Fleischner Position Papers, which represent consensus documents that focus on controversial topics.
Recent Fleischner Position Papers include:
The Fleischner Society meets annually for scientific sessions where the latest advances in chest disease diagnosis and treatment are presented and discussed. While the preparation of Fleischner Position Papers is a year-round activity, the annual meeting serves as an important touch point for discussion and consensus around the topics.
The Society is governed by an Executive Committee, composed of the President, President-Elect, Secretary, Treasurer, Chairman of Academic Development and Past-president. In 2011-2012, the President of the Society is Geoffrey D Rubin, MD. from Duke University.
The Society is managed through the American College of Radiology in Reston, Virginia, U.S.A.

</doc>
<doc id="18703921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703921" title="Joseph H. Howard">
Joseph H. Howard

Dr. Joseph H. Howard (1912 - 1994) a dentist by profession gathered what is arguably the "largest collection" of drums in the Americas. Dr. Howard and his wife Bootsie travelled around the world over a period of 40 years amassing this collection of 800 drums, representing the drums and other musical instruments of cultures from Alaska to Argentina and from California to the Pacific islands, as well as Africa and Asia. The importance of his collection has been noted by experts on folk instruments at the Smithsonian Institute and were part of a major touring exhibit with artifacts collected by Fernando Ortiz the Cuban ethnographer who defined Afro-Cuban culture and wrote 30 books on the subject.
Biography.
Joseph Howard was born in Venezuela and raised in Chicago, Illinois. Dr. Howard was an oral surgeon by profession who collected drums from around the world in his spare time after finding out his father was Kenyan. Over the years he amassed the largest collection of authentic drums in the Americas. Recently, his collection has been featured, along with elements of the Fernando Ortiz estate in a touring exhibit Ritmos de Identidad by the Smithsonian.
Growing up in Chicago Dr. Howard was fascinated with rhythm and drumming. Before he owned even one drum he would make improvised instruments out of whatever was around him. He attended Fisk University for his undergraduate degree and earned his doctorate at the University of Illinois in dental surgery. After marrying Tommy Berry in 1946 they relocated to Los Angeles in 1952, where Howard was exposed to a rich Latin drumming tradition. Howard's own mixed heritage, being of African, European and East Indian descent, was a constant backdrop to his musical interests. His daughter Victoria describes her father's passion as a "pursuit of identity through the eye of the drum." He often described his family as "the fruit of the cross of cultures."
Building the Dr. & Mrs. Howard Collection.
Dr. & Mrs. Howard were both passionate collectors. She preferred African art, while his primary interest was in all things musical, for he not only collected the drums of many nations. He also collected stamps, books, photos, instrument making techniques and instruments to accompany the drums. He had a particular interest in the musical heritage of the Djuka people of Surinam and not only collected their instruments, but also acquired elaborately hand-carved furniture, including the double doors to his home. At first glance many of these items could easily be confused with African artifacts, but stylistically African instruments have become more utilitarian over the years. As Dr. Howard pointed out, to this researcher, during a visit to his home the Djuka people had maintained their culture in stasis due to the isolated nature of their existence.
Because of the nature of his profession, Dr. Howard was able to arrange his schedule to accommodate yearly excursions abroad looking for folk instruments, which he defined as being those instruments that the folk actually used. In all of his collecting he always looked to purchase the instruments of the musicians themselves, as opposed to acquiring tourist versions of the instruments.
Drums of the Americas.
Over the years his research led him to write several books and articles including the classic book Drums in the Americas and a catalog of the instruments in his collection which was meticulously cross-referenced and indexed. Dr. Howard understood drums to be sources of cultural history and pride, as evidenced by their place of honor in his home.
The complete collection amounts to nearly 800 drums and other musical instruments from throughout the world. This unique ensemble represents musical traditions in Asia, the Pacific region, Europe, Africa and the Americas.
The Howard's Legacy.
Following his death in 1994 Victoria Howard sought to keep the memory of her father alive by contracting with The Craft and Folk Art Museum to put on an exhibit of her father's instruments. The event was so successful that other museums, including the Smithsonian Latin Program created their own traveling exhibits using a selection of instruments from the Howard collection and the estate of Fernando Ortiz.
Ritmos de Identidad: Fernando Ortíz’s Legacy and the Howard Collection of Percussion Instruments features more than 80 rare musical instruments from the Dr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Howard Family Collection. Included are hand-painted sacred and secular drums, rattles and other percussion instruments from the Caribbean, South America and West Africa. The exhibit includes a variety of instruments made from "found objects", such as - a hoe blade and jaw bone, right alongside artifacts employing complex strung heads and tuning mechanisms. The collection is on loan from Victoria R. Howard.
As Victoria Howard describes her life with father, she points out the fact that he involved the whole family in the process. His son Brock was the chief transcriptionist, while she was the artist. Their collective job was to research and catalog their growing collection. Summers, weekends and after school, anytime that was not occupied with some other activity was used. All their summer vacations were dedicated to the process of collecting the instruments. As we see the collection today it shows.

</doc>
<doc id="18703924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703924" title="Yagil Weinberg">
Yagil Weinberg

Dr. Weinberg, is a leading world authority on business strategy and development.
He received his Ph.D. with honors in Business and Military Strategy from Yale University and taught at leading universities in the US.
As an experienced entrepreneur and educator, Dr. Weinberg founded the Center for Middle East Competitive Strategy (CMECS)- together with Prof. Michael Porter.
As president of CMECS, Dr. Weinberg played a key role in the development of the competitive economies of Israel, Turkey, Egypt, Jordan, Palestine and others.
Currently, Dr. Weinberg continues to be actively involved in the formation of competitive economies worldwide through the Axes Partners Group.
Among the Axes Partners are world leading authorities such as Dr. Asya Rudkovskaya, Dr. Kenneth Courtis, Prof. Zwi Segal and Mr. John Defterios.
Axes Partners practice enhanced cluster development, driving economies not only through competitive advantage - but also through a national ICT & Innovation development paradigm.
Over the years Dr. Weinberg has served in top management and consulting positions for major corporations worldwide including Procter & Gamble, Fiat, Koç Holding, Bell-South, Aurec, Cellcom, Bezeq and Strauss.
He is the President and CEO of the Alsey Group, a global strategic consulting firm, focusing on turn-key and action-oriented development. Dr. Weinberg was responsible for many of the prominent developments in the Israeli ICT market - Construction of the pioneer content group for Israeli cable TV (ICP, 1991, for the Aurec Group - where he served as Executive Vice-President), The launch of the 2nd mobile operator (Cellcom, NYSE:CEL, for Bell-South Global), and the transition of the national PSTN access network to ADSL (Bezeq, TASE:BEZQ).
Over the years, the Alsey Group has been involved with every major player in the global ICT arena: Hutchison, France Telecom, Deutsche Telekom, Orange, Cisco, Siemens, Ericsson and others.
Since the late 90s Dr. Weinberg has been championing innovation worldwide, through public speaking, practice and several private investments.
In 1998, Dr. Weinberg established IDEO Israel Innovation (I3), the regional office of IDEO global - together with Dr. Leon Segal and Mr. Alex Padua. I3 focused on development through design and innovation for clients such as Polaroid, Ferrari and Arcelic—as well as devised global strategy for the IDEO HQ.
In 2007 Dr. Weinberg founded nQube - a strategic Encubation firm, taking upon itself an active approach to venture incubation. The nQube model is based on business-development and strategic planning as the foundation to any venture. nQube has been collaborating with global NGOs, corporations. academic institutions, nations and most importantly - start-up companies around the world. nQube recently signed a strategic-partnership with the Turkish branch of Endeavor and supports local entrepreneurs in the strategic development of their business through the nQube Model.
Dr. Weinberg married Reuma Kidron in 1979, and has 3 daughters - Li (1983) an artist, Shir (1984) a costume and fashion designer, and Yam (1993) an aspiring young artist and actress.
He Divorced Reuma Weinberg in 2004, and has not remarried since.
References:
http://www.competitiveturkey.org/version3/capital_magazine_interview_with_yagil_weinberg_251003.pdf
http://www.startupjerusalem.org/team.htm
http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/811632.html
http://www.axespartners.com
http://www.came.org
http://drfd.hbs.edu/fit/public/facultyInfo.do;jsessionid=HzngM2KBnR8TbKjnjVjk9qsMYyLchT2h4Tp61D2Df3PLJGFZdp1q!220182295!664044228?facInfo=pub&facEmId=mporter%40hbs.edu
http://www.alseygroup.com

</doc>
<doc id="18703927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703927" title="I Records">
I Records

I Records (also i! Records) is a famous UK Garage and House music label started in Newark, New Jersey in 1993 by George Calle and Joseph Ventola. The label has signed artists such as Todd Edwards, Kevin Yost, Tuff Jam, and Julius Papp. The label is most associated with the jazz and funk scenes in House music, but has also released downtempo and world house songs. Related labels include Plate Records and Even Up Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18703939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703939" title="Nia Roberts (presenter)">
Nia Roberts (presenter)

Nia Roberts is a Welsh radio and television presenter.
She is one of the best known faces on Welsh channel S4C regularly fronting competitions, festivals and shows (including her own chat show "Nia") for the channel. She currently hosts her own weekday morning magazine programme for BBC Radio Cymru and S4C's prime-time search for the best choir in Wales, "Côr Cymru".
References.
[http://www.bbc.co.uk/cymru/radiocymru/safle/cyflwynwyr/pages/nia_roberts.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="18703947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703947" title="Eileen O'Keeffe">
Eileen O'Keeffe

Eileen O'Keefe (born 31 May 1981 in Kilkenny) is a former female hammer thrower from Ireland. Her personal best throw of 73.21 metres, achieved in July 2007 at the national championships in Dublin, is the Irish record for the event. Over her career she represented Ireland at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, competed three times at the World Championships in Athletics (2005, 2007, 2009), and took part in the European Athletics Championships on two occasions. She won nine consecutive national hammer titles and also six titles in the discus throw.
She finished fourth at the 2003 Summer Universiade, sixth at the 2005 Summer Universiade, won the silver medal at the 2007 Summer Universiade and finished sixth at the 2007 World Championships. She also competed at the 2002 European Championships, the 2005 World Championships, the 2006 European Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
In a January 2008 interview on RTÉ's "The Panel", O'Keeffe said that she learned the sport from a Hal Connolly DVD her brother bought from a pound shop.
She retired from competition in 2011 at the age of 29, having failed to return to form following a serious knee injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18703954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703954" title="Passion (Kreesha Turner album)">
Passion (Kreesha Turner album)

Passion is the first album by the Canadian singer Kreesha Turner. It was released on August 12, 2008, in Canada and was released in early 2009 in the United States. "Passion" had been available for advanced streaming on MuchMusic.com. a week earlier. "Passion" was released in the US in early 2009.
In early August, 2008, the album was leaked onto MTV Canada's The Leak on its official website.
Initially, on the back of the album, track 14 was listed as the "Bounce With Me (Rhythm Mix)" but this was an error and the track is actually the "Don't Call Me Baby (Rhythm Mix)". This error on the back cover was corrected on later pressings of the album.
Although Turner originally signed in the US to Virgin Records, a Capitol Music Group label, her first American release will instead be shifted to the Capitol Records imprint, also within the Capitol Music Group umbrella. This will keep a consistency with her Canadian releases under EMI Music Canada which utilize the Capitol Records imprint and are copyrighted by Capitol Records, LLC.
Singles.
Six singles where released from the album, one of them being exclusive to Canadian airplay.
The first single, "Simple" was released on November 13, 2007, on iTunes as a single and as an EP. Despite good reviews, the single did not chart.
The second single, "Bounce With Me", was released the next month, on December 04, 2007. The song peaked at number 53 on the Canadian Hot 100, number 64 on the Hot Canadian Digital Singles, and number 11 on the Hot Canadian Emerging Artists Songs. 
The third single was the most successful, titled 'Don't Call Me Baby". The song placed at number 8 on the Canadian Hot 100, number 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Club Play, number 16 on the International Global Dance Tracks chart, and number 1 on the Hot Canadian Emerging Artists Songs chart.
The next single, "Lady Killer", was not as successful, placing its highest at 54 on the Canadian Hot 100.
The fifth single from the album, "Talk", was sent exclusively to Canadian radio, becoming the album's only radio single. The song did not chart.
The sixth and final single from the album was the title track, "Passion". The single was released first to the U.S. on September 26, 2008, and was unsuccessful. It was released to Canada on July 7, 2009, and remained uncharted.
The majority of the singles from the album did not chart well, possibly due to only three of the singles from the album having music videos, and also possibly due to the lack of marketing.
The song 'Shattered' received some Canadian radio airplay, but does not constitute as a single.
Four singles from the album were used in number of television shows, movies and advertisements: 

</doc>
<doc id="18703964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703964" title="Upper Eddington">
Upper Eddington

Upper Eddington is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Hungerford.
The settlement lies near to the A4 road, and is located approximately north of Hungerford.

</doc>
<doc id="18703971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703971" title="Julio C. Canani">
Julio C. Canani

Julio C. Canani (born November 13, 1938 in Oxapampa, Peru) is a trainer in American Thoroughbred horse racing who has won three Breeders' Cup races.
Canani emigrated to the United States in 1954 and settled in California where he began working for racehorse trainer Tommy Doyle. In 1968, he obtained his trainer's license and over the next few years earned a reputation for developing claiming horses into stakes race winners. In 1993, having won numerous major California races including the prestigious Santa Anita Handicap, Canani took a break from racing until the spring of 1997 when he returned to operate the Nick Canani Racing Stable at Hollywood Park Racetrack. He went on to win the 1999 and 2001 editions of the Breeders' Cup Mile and in 2004 the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies.

</doc>
<doc id="18703984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18703984" title="History of a Six Weeks' Tour">
History of a Six Weeks' Tour

"History of a Six Weeks' Tour through a part of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Holland; with Letters Descriptive of a Sail Round the Lake of Geneva and of the Glaciers of Chamouni" is a travel narrative by the British Romantic authors Mary Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. Published in 1817, it describes two trips taken by Mary, Percy, and Mary's stepsister, Claire Clairmont: one across Europe in 1814, and one to Lake Geneva in 1816. Divided into three sections, the text consists of a journal, four letters, and Percy Shelley's poem "Mont Blanc". Apart from the poem, the text was primarily written and organised by Mary Shelley. In 1840 she revised the journal and the letters, republishing them in a collection of Percy Shelley's writings.
Part of the new genre of the Romantic travel narrative, "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" exudes spontaneity and enthusiasm; the authors demonstrate their desire to develop a sense of taste and distinguish themselves from those around them. The romantic elements of the work would have hinted at the text's radical politics to nineteenth-century readers. However, the text's frank discussion of politics, including positive references to the French Revolution and praise of Enlightenment philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau, was unusual for a travel narrative at the time, particularly one authored primarily by a woman.
Although it sold poorly, "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" received favourable reviews. In proposing another travel narrative to her publisher in 1843, Mary Shelley claimed "my 6 weeks tour brought me many compliments".
Biographical background.
Mary Godwin and Percy Shelley met and fell in love in 1814. Percy Shelley initially visited the Godwin household because he was interested in meeting his philosophical hero, Mary's father, William Godwin. However, Mary and Percy soon began having secret rendezvous, despite the fact that Percy was already married. To Mary's dismay, her father disapproved of their extramarital affair and tried to thwart the relationship. On 28 July 1814, Mary and Percy secretly left for France, taking Mary's stepsister, Claire Clairmont, with them.
The trio travelled for six weeks, from 28 July to 13 September 1814, through France, Switzerland, Germany, and the Netherlands (which is referred to as "Holland"); however, they were forced to return to England due to financial considerations. The situation upon their return was fraught with complications: Mary had become pregnant with a child who would soon die, she and Percy now found themselves penniless, and, to Mary's genuine surprise, her father refused to have anything to do with her.
In May 1816, Mary Godwin, Percy Shelley, and their second child travelled to Geneva with Claire Clairmont. They spent the summer months with the Romantic poet Lord Byron, but, as Mary Shelley later wrote of the year without a summer, "t proved a wet, ungenial summer and incessant rain often confined us for days to the house". The group spent their time writing, boating on Lake Geneva, and talking late into the night. Sitting around a log fire at Byron's villa, the company also amused themselves by reading German ghost stories, prompting Byron to suggest they each write their own supernatural tale. Mary Godwin began writing what she assumed would be a short story, but with Percy Shelley's encouragement and collaboration, she expanded this tale into her first novel, "Frankenstein: or, The Modern Prometheus".
Mary, Percy, and Claire returned to England in September and on 30 December 1816 Percy and Mary married (two weeks after the death of Percy's first wife), healing the family rift. In March 1817, the Shelleys and Claire moved to Marlow, Buckinghamshire. At Marlow, they entertained friends, worked hard at their writing, and often discussed politics. Early in the summer of 1817, Mary Shelley finished "Frankenstein", which was published anonymously in January 1818. She also began work on "History of a Six Weeks' Tour", which was published in November 1817.
Composition and publication.
In the summer of 1817, Mary Shelley started to assemble the couple's joint diary from their 1814 journey into a travel book. At what point she decided to include the letters from the 1816 Geneva trip and Percy Shelley's poem "Mont Blanc" is unclear, but by 28 September the journal and the letters were a single text. By the middle of October she was making fair copies for the press and correcting and transcribing "Frankenstein" for publication while Percy was working on "The Revolt of Islam". Percy probably corrected and copyedited the journal section while Mary did the same for his letters. Advertisements for the work appeared on 30 October in the "Morning Chronicle" and on 1 November in "The Times", promising a 6 November release. However, the work was not actually published until 12 and 13 November. It was Mary Shelley's first published work. ("Frankenstein" was not published until January 1818.)
"History of a Six Weeks' Tour" begins with a "Preface", written by Percy Shelley, followed by the journal section. The journal consists of edited entries from the joint diary that Percy and Mary Shelley kept during their 1814 trip to the Continent, specifically those from 28 July to 13 September 1814. Of the 8,500 words in the journal section, 1,150 are from Percy's entries and either copied verbatim or only slightly paraphrased. Almost all of the passages describing the sublime are in Percy's words—passages describing God in nature, experiences of terror and awe, the transportation of the soul, and particularly the feeling of being overwhelmed by the majesty of nature, are Percy's. When Mary turned to her own entries, however, she significantly revised them; according to Jeanne Moskal, the editor of the recent definitive edition of the "Tour", "almost nothing of her original phrasing remains". She even included sections of Claire Clairmont's journal.
The second section of the text consists of four "Letters written during a Residence of Three Months in the Environs of Geneva, in the Summer of the Year 1816". The first two letters are signed "M" and the second two "S". The first two are attributed to Mary Shelley, but their origin is obscure. As Moskal writes, "the obvious inference is that they are literary versions of lost private epistles to Fanny Godwin", Mary Shelley's stepsister who remained in England and with whom she corresponded during the journey. However, Moskal also notes that there is a missing Mary Shelley notebook from precisely this time, from which the material in these letters could have come: "It is extremely likely that this notebook contained the same kind of mix of entries made by both Shelleys that the surviving first (July 1814 – May 1815) and second (July 1816 – June 1819) journal notebooks exhibit...Furthermore, Letter I contains four short passages found almost verbatim in P. B. Shelley’s letter of 15 May to T. L. Peacock." The third and fourth letters are composites of Mary's journal entry for 21 July and one of Percy's letters to Peacock.
The third section of the text consists only of Percy's poem "Mont Blanc. Lines written in the vale of Chamouni"; it was the first and only publication of the poem in his lifetime. It has been argued by leading Percy Shelley scholar Donald Reiman that the "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" is arranged so as to lead up to "Mont Blanc". However, those who see the work as primarily a picturesque travel narrative argue that the descriptions of Alpine scenes would have been familiar to early nineteenth-century audiences and they would not have expected a poetic climax.
In 1839, "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" was revised and republished as "Journal of a Six Weeks’ Tour" and "Letters from Geneva" in "Essays, Letters from Abroad, Translations and Fragments, by Percy Bysshe Shelley, Edited by Mrs. Shelley" (1840). Although these works were not by her husband, she decided to include them because they were "part of his life", as she explained to her friend Leigh Hunt. She appended her initials to the works to indicate her authorship. As Moskal explains, "the unity of the 1817 volume as a volume was dissolved" to make way for a biography of Percy Shelley. After Percy Shelley drowned in 1822, his father forbade Mary Shelley from writing a memoir or biography of the poet. She therefore added significant biographical notices to the edited collections of his works. The 1840 version of "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" has four major types of changes according to Moskal: "(i) modernization and correction of spelling, punctuation and French (ii) self-distancing from the familial relationship with Claire Clairmont (iii) a heightened sensitivity to national identity (iv) presentation of the travelers as a writing, as well as reading, circle". As a result of these changes, more of Percy Shelley’s writing was included in the 1840 version than in the 1817 version. In 1845, Mary Shelley published a one-volume edition with additional minor changes, based on the 1840 version.
Description.
"History of a Six Weeks' Tour" consists of three major sections: a journal, letters from Geneva, and the poem "Mont Blanc". It begins with a short preface, which claims "nothing can be more unpresuming than this little volume" and makes it clear that the couple in the narrative is married (although Mary and Percy were not at the time).
The journal, which switches between the first-person singular and plural but never identifies its narrators, describes Percy, Mary, and Claire's 1814 six-week tour across the Continent. It is divided by country: France, Switzerland, Germany, and the Netherlands. After the group arrives in Calais and proceeds to Paris, they decide on a plan: "After talking over and rejecting many plans, we fixed on one eccentric enough, but which, from its romance, was very pleasing to us. In England we could not have put it in execution without sustaining continual insult and impertinence: the French are far more tolerant of the vagaries of their neighbours. We resolved to walk through France". Each day they enter a new town; but even while travelling, they spend time writing and reading. The journal comments on the people they meet, the countryside, and the current events that have shaped the environment. Some of what they see is beautiful and some is "barren and wretched". Percy sprains his ankle, which becomes an increasing problem—the group is forced to hire a carriage. By the time the trio reaches Lucerne, they are nearly out of money and decide to return home. They return by boat along the Rhine, the cheapest mode of travel. Despite problems with unreliable boats and dangerous waters, they see some beautiful scenery before landing in England.
The four "Letters from Geneva" cover the period between May and July 1816 which the Shelleys spent at Lake Geneva and switch between the singular and plural first-person. Letters I, II, and IV describe the sublime aspects of Mont Blanc, the Alps, Lake Geneva, and the glaciers around Chamonix:
Letter III describes a tour around the environs of Vevey and other places associated with the Enlightenment philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau: "This journey has been on every account delightful, but most especially, because then I first knew the divine beauty of Rousseau's imagination, as it exhibits itself in Julie."
"Mont Blanc" compares the sublime aspect of the mountain to the human imagination:
<poem>
</poem>
While emphasising the ability of the human imagination to uncover truth through a study of nature, the poem also questions religious certainty. However, according to the poem only a privileged few are able to see nature as it truly is and reveal its secrets to the world.
Genre.
"History of a Six Weeks’ Tour" is a travel narrative, part of a literary tradition begun in the seventeenth century. Through the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries, Continental travel was considered educational: young, aristocratic gentlemen completed their studies by learning European languages abroad and visiting foreign courts. In the early seventeenth century, however, the emphasis shifted from classical learning to empirical experience, such as knowledge of topography, history, and culture. Detailed travel books, including personal travel narratives, began to be published and became popular in the eighteenth century: over 1,000 individual travel narratives and travel miscellanies were published between 1660 and 1800. The empiricism that was driving the scientific revolution spread to travel literature; for example, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu included information she learned in Turkey regarding smallpox inoculation in her travel letters. By 1742, critic and essayist Samuel Johnson was recommending that travellers engage in "a moral and ethical study of men and manners" in addition to a scientific study of topography and geography.
Over the course of the eighteenth century, the Grand Tour became increasingly popular; travel to the Continent for Britain's elite was not only educational but also nationalistic. All aristocratic gentlemen took similar trips and visited similar sites, often devoted to developing an appreciation of Britain from abroad. The Grand Tour was celebrated as educational travel when it involved exchanging scientific information with the intellectual elite, learning about other cultures, and preparing oneself to lead. However, it was condemned as trivial when the tourist simply purchased curio collectibles, acquired a "superficial social polish", and pursued fleeting sexual relationships. During the Napoleonic Wars, the Continent was closed to British travellers and the Grand Tour came under increasing criticism, particularly from radicals such as William Godwin who scorned its aristocratic connections. Young Romantic writers criticised its lack of spontaneity; they celebrated Madame de Staёl's novel "Corinne" (1807), which depicts proper travel as "immediate, sensitive, and above all enthusiastic experience".
A new form of travel emerged—Romantic travel—which focused on developing "taste", rather than acquiring objects, and having "enthusiastic experiences". "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" embodies this new style of travel. It is a specifically Romantic travel narrative because of its enthusiasm and the writers' desire to develop a sense of "taste". The travellers are open to new experiences, changing their itinerary frequently and using whatever vehicles they can find. For example, at one point in the journal, Mary Shelley muses:
Not everything she encounters is beautiful, however, and she juxtaposes her distaste for the German working class with her delight with French servants. Although politically liberal, Mary Shelley is aesthetically repelled by the Germans and therefore excludes them. Unlike the non-discriminating Claire Clairmont, Shelley feels free to make judgments of the scenes around her; Shelley writes that Claire "on looking at this scene...exclaimed, 'Oh! this is beautiful enough; let us live here.' This was her exclamation on every new scene, and as each surpassed the one before, she cried, 'I am glad we did not stay at Charenton, but let us live here'". Shelley also compares herself positively to the French peasants who are unaware that Napoleon has been deposed. As scholar Angela Jones contends, "Shelley may be said to figure herself as a more knowledgeable, disinterested English outsider capable of rendering impartial judgment"—an Enlightenment value.
However, as Romanticist Jacqueline Labbe argues, Mary Shelley challenges the conventions of the Romantic travel narrative as well. For example, one reviewer wrote, "now and then a French phrase drops sweetly enough from author's fair mouth", and as Labbe explains, these phrases are supposed to lead the reader to imagine a "beautiful heroine and her group passing easily from village to village". However, both French quotations in "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" undercut this Romantic image. The first describes the overturning of a boat and the drowning of its occupants; the second is a warning not to travel on foot through France, as Napoleon's army has just been disbanded and the women are in danger of rape.
While the overarching generic category for "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" is that of the travel narrative, its individual sections can be considered separately. The first journey is told as a "continuous, undated diary entry" while the second journey is told through epistolary and lyric forms. Moskal agrees with Reiman that the book was constructed to culminate in "Mont Blanc" and she notes that this was accomplished using a traditional hierarchy of genres—diary, letters, poem—a hierarchy that is gendered as Mary Shelley's writings are superseded by Percy's. However, these traditional gender-genre associations are undercut by the implicit acknowledgment of Mary Shelley as the primary author, with her journal giving the entire work its name and contributing the bulk of the text.
The journal is also threaded through with elements of the medieval and Gothic romance tradition: "accounts of ruined castles, enchanting valleys, and sublime views". In fact, in "The English in Italy", Mary Shelley writes of the journey that "it was acting in a novel, being an incarnate romance". However, these romantic descriptions are often ambiguous. Often single sentences contain juxtapositions between "romance" and "reality": "Many villages, ruined by war, occupied the most romantic spots". She also references Don Quixote, but he was "famous for his "delusions" of romance", as Labbe points out. Mary Shelley's allusions to Cervantes's "Don Quixote" (1605) not only places her text in a romance tradition, they would also have hinted at its radicalism to contemporary readers. During the 1790s, Mary Shelley's father, William Godwin, connected his support for the French Revolution with the romance tradition, specifically "Don Quixote" and any allusion to the novel would have signalled Godwinian radicalism to readers at the time. It would also have suggested support for reform efforts in Spain, which was rebelling against Napoleon. The beginning of the journal is dominated by romance conventions, but this style disappears when the travellers run out of money. However, romance conventions briefly return during the trip down the Rhine. As Labbe argues, "it would appear that while seems to be industriously salting her narrative with romance in order, perhaps, to garner public approval, she also ... exposes the falsity of such a scheme."
One of the most important influences on "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" was "Letters Written in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark" (1796), written by Mary Shelley's mother Mary Wollstonecraft. A travel narrative which reflects on topography, politics, society, aesthetics, and the author's personal feelings, it provided a model for Mary Shelley's work. Like her mother, Mary Shelley revealed her liberalism by boldly discussing politics; however, this political tone was unusual for travel works at the time and was considered inappropriate for women writers. Like Wollstonecraft's "Letters", "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" blurs the line between private and public spheres by using intimate genres such as the journal and the letter, allowing Mary Shelley to present political opinions through personal anecdote and the picturesque.
Themes.
"History of a Six Weeks' Tour" is part of a liberal reaction to recent history: its trajectory begins with a survey of the devastation of the Napoleonic Wars and ends by celebrating the sublime in nature. William Wordsworth's 1850 "The Prelude" and the third canto of Byron's "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage" follow a similar course. As Moskal explains, "nature is troped as the repository of a sublimity, once incarnated in Napoleon, that will re-emerge in politics". The book is therefore not only a liberal political statement but also a Romantic celebration of nature.
The journal begins with, as Moskal describes, a "view of Napoleon's shattered political power". He had just been exiled to Elba a few months before the Shelleys arrived in Europe. Surveying the devastation caused by the Napoleonic Wars, Mary Shelley worries about how the British will handle Paris and grieves over the "ruin" brought to the small French town of Nogent by the Cossacks. Between the two journeys recorded in the text, Napoleon returned to power in the so-called Hundred Days and was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. The four letters from Geneva reflect obliquely on this event. As Moskal argues, "the Shelleys focus on the forms of sublimity and power that outlast Napoleon: the literary genius of Rousseau and the natural sublimity of Lake Geneva and Mont Blanc". Both Shelleys use their works in "History of a Six Weeks’ Tour" to assess and evaluate the French Revolution, making it a highly political travel narrative. In Letter II, Mary Shelley writes:
Mary Shelley also includes positive portrayals of the French people. As Mary Shelley scholar Betty T. Bennett explains, "politically pointed, these accolades underscore the link between the 1814 defeated enemy of Britain and the pre-Napoleon democratic spirit of the 1789 Revolution, a spirit the Shelleys wished to reactivate".
Lives of people interested Mary Shelley and she recorded them, but she also recorded a great deal of the travellers’ own feelings, suggesting to the reader the appropriate reaction. For example, she wrote of the French town Nogent:
Reception.
"History of a Six Weeks' Tour" received three major reviews, mostly favourable. However, the book did not sell well. Percy Shelley discovered in April or May 1820 that there were no profits to pay the printer and when Charles Ollier, the co-publisher, went out of business in 1823, his inventory included 92 copies of the work. Still, Mary Shelley believed the work was successful, and when she proposed another travel narrative, "Rambles in Germany and Italy", to publisher Edward Moxon in 1843, she wrote "my 6 weeks tour brought me many compliments". Her comments may have been self-interested, however.
The first review of "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" was published by "The Eclectic Review" in May 1818, which reviewed the book along with publisher Thomas Hookham's account of a Swiss tour, "A Walk through Switzerland in September 1816". Although both works share the same fascination with Rousseau and his liberal ideas, only Hookham is attacked; as scholar Benjamin Colbert explains, "Shelley tends to remain on more neutral territory", such as the cult of sensibility and the novel "Julie". However, the reviewer questions the authenticity of the work: "To us...the value of the book is considerably lessened by a strong suspicion that the dramatis personae are fictitious, and that the little adventures introduced for the purpose of giving life and interest to the narration, are the mere invention of the Author." He identifies passages that remind him of similar travel narratives by Patrick Brydone, Ann Radcliffe, and John Carr, effectively identifying the generic tradition in which the Shelleys were writing.
The second and most positive review was published by "Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine" in July 1818. The reviewer was most impressed with the journal section, particularly its informality and concision: "the perusal of it rather produces the same effect as a smart walk before breakfast, in company with a lively friend who hates long stories". Covertly comparing the work to bluestocking Lady Morgan's recent "France" (1817), the reviewer found the female writer of "History of a Six Weeks' Tour" much more favourable: "The writer of this little volume, too, is a Lady, and writes like one, with ease, gracefulness, and vivacity. Above all, there is something truly delightful in the colour of her stockings; they are of the purest white, and much more becoming than the brightest blue." The "Monthly Review" published a short review in January 1819; they found the first journey "hurried" but the second one better described.
For most of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Mary Shelley was known as the author of "Frankenstein" and the wife of famous Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was not until the 1970s, with the rise of feminist literary criticism, that scholars began to pay attention to her other works. In fact, with the exception of "Frankenstein" and "The Last Man", until the 1990s almost all of Mary Shelley's writings had gone out of print or only been available in expensive, scholarly editions. It was not until the publication of scholarship by Mary Poovey and Anne K. Mellor in the 1980s that Mary Shelley's "other" works—her short stories, essays, reviews, dramas, biographies, travel narratives, and other novels—began to be recognised as literary achievements.

</doc>
<doc id="18704007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704007" title="List of Southern Miss Golden Eagles football seasons">
List of Southern Miss Golden Eagles football seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Southern Miss Golden Eagles college football team.
All dates are tentative and subject to change.[http://southernmiss.cstv.com/sports/m-footbl/spec-rel/010906aac.html]

</doc>
<doc id="18704013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704013" title="Tugela Ferry">
Tugela Ferry

Tugela Ferry is a town on the northern bank of the Tugela River, in central KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. During the apartheid era it formed part of the KwaZulu homeland, and at present it is included in the Umzinyathi DM. The town's name commemorates the ferry which once operated here before a bridge was constructed.
The town's hospital (Church of Scotland Hospital) is famous for having discovered the first XDR-TB outbreak in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18704016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704016" title="Tolatecan languages">
Tolatecan languages

Tolatecan is a proposal by Campbell and Oltrogge (1980) linking two language families of Mesoamerica, Tequistlatecan (Chontal of Oaxaca) and Tol/Jicaque languages of Honduras. It does not have good support (Campbell 1997).

</doc>
<doc id="18704029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704029" title="Raymond Caron">
Raymond Caron

Raymond Caron, O.M.R., (also known as Raymond Redmond) (b. at Athlone, Ireland, in 1605; d. at Dublin, 1666) was an Irish Recollect Franciscan friar and author.
Life.
Entering the Franciscan friary in his native town, he there made his preliminary studies, after which he studied philosophy at Drogheda. Subsequently he left Ireland and studied theology at Salzburg and at the Franciscan college at the Catholic University of Louvain. At the latter place he was, immediately after his ordination, appointed professor of theology, and in that capacity maintained the reputation he had earned as a student. 
In 1635 Caron published at Antwerp a work "Roma triumphans Septicollis", in defense of Catholic doctrine.
Caron was sent to Ireland in 1648 by Friar Peter Marchant, who was a Definitor General of the Order, as a Visitor to the Franciscan Province of Ireland, with ample powers to correct and reform. This was done at the suggestion of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde. He took up residence at the Franciscan friary at Kilkenny, and plunged at once into the strife of faction then raging there. Opposing both the papal nuncio, Giovanni Battista Rinuccini, and Owen Roe O'Neill, he sought to bring all to the side of the Duke of Ormonde, and imprisoned the members of his own Order at Kilkenny who refused to adopt his views.
This act made him so unpopular that his life was in danger, and he had to be protected by the Earl of Castlehaven at the head of an armed force. This conduct earned for him the character of a loyalist; but it brought on him the condemnation of Friar John Barnewall, OFM, the Minister Provincial of Ireland, together with the guardians of the various communities of friars on the island. For a time he was under ecclesiastical censure.
During the rule of the Puritans Caron remained abroad, but returned to England at the Restoration of 1660, and lived there for several years. He was throughout the supporter of the Duke of Ormonde and his policy. He wrote two works, in defense of Friar Peter Walsh's "History of the Irish Remonstrance", namely: "Loyalty asserted, and the late Remonstrance of the Irish Clergy and Laity confirmed and proved by the authority of Scripture, Fathers, etc." (London, 1662); and "Remonstrantia Hibernorum contra Lovanienses" (London, 1665).
He returned to Ireland where he died in Dublin in 1666.

</doc>
<doc id="18704037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704037" title="Richard E. Lawyer">
Richard E. Lawyer

Richard Earl "Dick" Lawyer (November 8, 1932 – November 12, 2005) was a USAF astronaut, test pilot, and combat veteran. Although he trained for the USAF Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL), the program was cancelled before any of the MOL crews reached space.
Early years.
Lawyer was born in Los Angeles, California. He attended the University of California, Berkeley and received a bachelor of science degree in aeronautical engineering in 1955.
Career.
After graduating from college, Lawyer joined the U.S. Air Force and trained as a fighter pilot. He was a distinguished graduate of the Air Force Fighter Weapons School and served two combat tours during the Vietnam War. On his first tour early in the conflict, Lawyer served as a forward air controller directing air strikes against enemy troops. He served his second tour later in the war as an F-4 pilot and fought in Operation Linebacker.
Lawyer became involved in flight test in 1958 when his squadron was selected to test the F-105B. He attended the Air Force Aerospace Research Pilot School (now the USAF Test Pilot School) at Edwards AFB and graduated with class 63A receiving the school's A.B. Honts Award as the outstanding member of his class for academic achievement and flying excellence. In 1965, Lawyer was selected as one of the first astronauts to the Air Force's classified Manned Orbital Laboratory. The MOL program, canceled in 1969 before sending any astronauts into space, was to man a military space station with Air Force astronauts using a modified Gemini spacecraft. Unable to transfer to NASA due to age restrictions, Lawyer did not achieve his goal of space flight, but continued flying for the Air Force. He retired from USAF service in 1982 as a Colonel.
Lost spacesuits recovered.
In June 2005, security officers examining a long-unused room at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 5/6 museum discovered two spacesuits. The suits were not the usual NASA white but were instead a pale blue color used by the short-lived U.S. Air Force space program. The first suit was labeled 007, and the second had both a label, 008, and a name, "Lawyer". Investigators determined the second spacesuit was one used by Lawyer who had been assigned to evaluate spacesuits for the MOL program. The story of the recovered spacesuits and the history of the MOL program was presented in the Public Television series NOVA episode called "Astrospies" which aired February 12, 2008. One spacesuit was sent to the Smithsonian Institution's National Air and Space Museum and the other to Florida for exhibition at the Astronaut Hall of Fame.
Later years.
After retiring from the Air Force, Lawyer worked as a commercial test pilot for a number of firms at the Mojave Airport & Spaceport including the National Test Pilot School. He remained an active pilot up to the time of his death on November 12, 2005. Lawyer had just returned from a hunting trip when he died unexpectedly in his Palmdale, California home of a suspected blood clot. He was buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery on January 5, 2006. Lawyer is survived by his wife, Gayle, five children, and nine grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18704038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704038" title="Aaron Gervais">
Aaron Gervais

Aaron Gervais (born 1980) is a Canadian composer of contemporary classical music who lives in San Francisco.
Aaron Gervais was born and grew up in Edmonton. He studied jazz performance at Grant MacEwan College and the University of Toronto, and composition at the University of Alberta, the University of Toronto, and UCSD. He currently works as a freelance composer and is based in San Francisco. His output consists of chamber, vocal, opera, electronic, solo/duo, and orchestral music.
See also.
AMP represents the music of Aaron Gervais, Paul Steenhuisen, Howard Bashaw, Keith Hamel, Bob Pritchard, James Harley, André Ristic, and Gordon Fitzell.

</doc>
<doc id="18704053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704053" title="Aynor High School">
Aynor High School

Aynor High School is a public high school located in Aynor, South Carolina. It is one of nine high schools in the Horry County School District. As of 2011, the school's enrollment was 701. The school colors are navy blue, columbia blue, and white, and its athletic teams are known as the "Blue Jackets." In 2012, Aynor High School was ranked #8 best school in South Carolina by U.S. News and World Report.
In terms of athletics, the school has the second-most championship wins in Horry County. Aynor High School offers the following sports: baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.

</doc>
<doc id="18704055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704055" title="Marga T">
Marga T

Marga Tjoa (born 27 January 1943) is an Indonesian popular romance and children's literature writer better known by the pen name Marga T. One of Indonesia's most prolific writers, she first became well-known in 1971 for her serial "Karmila" that was published as a book in 1973 and later made into a film. As of 2006, she has published 38 novels.
Biography.
Marga Tjoa was born Tjoa Liang Tjoe (; Hokkien: "Chhoà Liâng-chu") to a Catholic Chinese Indonesian (peranakan) family in Jakarta in 1943. She started writing young and by age 21, had published her first short story, "Room 27" (). It was followed by her first book in 1969, a children's story titled "My Home is My Castle" (). During this time she was also educated as a physician at Trisakti University.
Tjoa became famous after first novel, "Karmila", was published in 1971. In 1972 she followed "Karmila"s success with "The Storm Will Surely Pass" (), which was serialized in "Kompas" between 5 June and 2 September 1972, with a novelized version being published in 1974. Both novels were adapted into movies, with "Badai Pasti Berlalu" going on to win four Citra awards. This early success convinced her to continue writing.
During the late 1970s and throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Tjoa published more popular novels, including "An Illusion" (), "The Red Saga" (), and "Doctor Sabara's Secret" (). She also published some collections of short stories, including "Love Song" () and "Monik".
In 2004, Tjoa published "A Bud of Hope" () to commemorate the eighth anniversary of the 1998 Jakarta Riots. It deals with the violence and rape of Chinese women during the riots.
As of 2006, Tjoa has written 80 short stories, 50 pieces of children's literature, and 38 novels.
Tjoa currently lives in Central Jakarta.
Chinese-Indonesian Identity.
Tjoa has been seen as trying to distance herself from her Chinese-Indonesian background during a period of legislation regarding Chinese culture in Indonesia, as evidenced by her use of a neutral pen name and a general disregard for Chinese culture and problems in her literary works. Her diction is also described as "identical to that of indigenous writers." As a result, many readers do not realize that Tjoa is Chinese-Indonesian.
Selected works.
Her works include:

</doc>
<doc id="18704066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704066" title="Laith Nobari">
Laith Nobari

Laith Nobari () or Laith Naseri (, born in Baghdad, Iraq on September 23, 1977 Officially) is an Iraq-born Moaved Iranian Arab retired football player who He has played for Persepolis and has represented Iran national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="18704088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704088" title="H. B. Thom">
H. B. Thom

Hendrik Bernardus Thom (13 December 1905 – 4 November 1983) was born in Jamestown, Eastern Cape, and grew up in Burgersdorp, South Africa. Because he was the 5th grandchild of his grandfather and namesake with the first names Hendrik Bernardus, his parents decided to call him by the nickname Quintus ("Five") to distinguish him from his cousins; he was known as Quintie Thom throughout his life.
He matriculated at Burgersdorp High School and studied at Stellenbosch University (BA History and Dutch, "cum laude", 1926 and MA History, "cum laude", 1928). He continued his studies in history in Germany at the Friedrich Wilhelms Universität in Berlin (1928–1929), at the Sorbonne in Paris (1930) and in Amsterdam, researching his doctoral thesis, which he completed on his return to Stellenbosch. The title of his doctoral thesis (Ph.D., 1930) was: "Die geskiedenis van die skaapboerdery in Suid-Afrika" (The history of sheep farming in South Africa).
During the next year he was appointed as Lecturer of History at the Stellenbosch University, and promoted to Senior Lecturer in 1935. In 1937 he was appointed as professor of history at the same institution.
H.B. Thom enjoyed tennis, fishing and photography and married Maria du Toit in 1934; the marriage was childless.
He played a major role in the cultural life of the Afrikaner people, and wrote a number of important historical books.
He served on the "Archives Commission" (Argiefkommissie) and acted as chairman from 1950 to 1955. He was a member of the "Historical Monuments Commission" (Historiese Monumentekommissie, later Raad vir Nasionale Gedenkwaardighede), 1948–1954; "Van Riebeeck-Vereniging"; "Simon van der Stel Foundation"; "Stellenbosch Museum" and chairman of its Board of Trustees, 1962 - 1968.
He received honorary memberships of the following organisations:
For 18 years he was chairman of the "FAK" (Federasie van Afrikaanse Kultuurvereniginge) and he was a sought after speaker.
He served as Administrator of the "Woordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal" (WAT).
Awards and honours.
"SA Academy for Arts and Science" Award for History 1952
Honorary medal extraordinaire for the promotion of Afrikaans literature and culture 1959
Honorary medal extraordinaire for services rendered on behalf of university education 1969
D.F. Malan Medal 1975
"Academy for Arts and Science" Award ( vir volksdiens) 1980
"Doctor honoris causa" of Stellenbosch and Orange Free State universities
Books written.
"Die Boodskap van 'n Honderd Jaar" (Feesrede), 1947
"Die Lewe van Gerrit Maritz", 1947 (Second edition 1965)
"Die Geloftekerk en ander Studies oor die Groot Trek", 1949
"Jannie Marais", 1950
"Daghregister van Jan Antonisz van Riebeeck", 1952 (translated by HB and Maria Thom)
"Die Nuwe Beeld van ons Weermag", (editor), 1963
"Die Uitdaging van die Toekoms", (editor), 1965
"Stellenbosch, 1866 - 1966 (co-author)", 1966
D.F. Malan, 1980 (incomplete)
Contributed to: "Geskiedenis van Suid-Afrika" (editors: Van der Walt, Wiid en Geyer), "Suid-Afrikaanse Bibliografiese Woordeboek" and "Argief-jaarboek".
Member of the editorial staff of Nederlandse tydskrif "Bijdragen voor de Geschiedenis der Nederlanden".
References.
"Professor HB Thom" (Editors: DJ Kotze, Bun Booyens, JJ Oosthuysen and GPJ Trumpelmann), Stellenbosch University, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="18704092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704092" title="The Black Six">
The Black Six

The Black Six (1974) is a combination of blaxploitation and outlaw biker film released in 1974. The movie was written by George Theakos and directed by Matt Cimber. It starred several National Football League stars in the title roles. The plot had some similarities to "The Magnificent Seven" and "Easy Rider". It was one of the first all-black biker films.
Cast.
The titular "Black Six" was played by six then-current National Football League stars:
The players' teams appeared with the actors' names in the film's credits. In addition, the cast includes Ben Davidson, who had recently retired from football, as a member of a motorcycle gang opposing the Black Six. Maury Wills, a recently retired Major League Baseball star, also has a role in the film.
Washington was given the lead role due to him having previous acting experience; him and several other cast members (many of whom did more acting afterwards) later criticized how poorly the script had been written. Of the six protagonists, all except Washington and Morris have since been inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
Plot.
The plot involves an African American veteran of the Vietnam War, played by Gene Washington, who returns home to find that his brother (played by Robert Howard) has been killed. The killing was done by a white supremacist motorcycle gang, led by Ben "Thor" Davidson, who objected to the fact that Howard had been dating a white woman. Washington and his motorcycle gang, known as the Black Six, vow to avenge his brother's death. The Six encounter a number of obstacles, including hostile motorcycle gangs (particularly Thor's), and racist policemen. The movie climaxes with an inconclusive battle royale between the Six and Thor's caucasian-supremist biker gang, in which Thor (apparently) blows them and himself up by igniting the gas tank of his own motorcycle. Rather than "The End", the film concludes with the caption "Honky, look out...Don't hassle a brother, or the Black Six will return!". In spite of this, no sequel has ever been produced. 
Production.
Several of the football players were disappointed with elements in the original script, especially that the black motorcyclists would be killed in the end, despite the fact that they stood for truth, justice and the American way. As a result of their protests, an inconclusive ending was shot.
DVD.
"The Black Six" was released on DVD on October 12, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18704095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704095" title="ANAPROF 2004">
ANAPROF 2004

ANAPROF 2004 is the 2004 season of the Panamanian football league, ANAPROF. The season started on February 13, 2004, with the "Torneo Apertura Bellsouth 2004" and finalized on November 7, 2004, with the "Torneo Clausura Bellsouth 2004." Both the Apertura and Clausura champion was Arabe Unido, therefore, for the third time in ANAPROF history, Arabe Unido were crowned ANAPROF 2004 champions without the need to play a grand final.
Grand final.
Cancelled as Árabe Unido won both tournaments.
Local derby statistics.
El Super Clasico Nacional - Tauro v Plaza Amador
Clasico del Pueblo - Plaza Amador v Chorillo

</doc>
<doc id="18704108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704108" title="The Sontaran Games">
The Sontaran Games

The Sontaran Games is a BBC Books original novella written by Jacqueline Rayner and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Tenth Doctor as played by David Tennant. This paperback is part of the Quick Reads Initiative sponsored by the UK government, to encourage literacy. It has a similar look to BBC Books' other new series adventures, except for its much shorter word count, being a paperback and not being numbered as part of the same series. To date it is the one of only five novels based upon the revived series that have not been published in hardcover.

</doc>
<doc id="18704110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704110" title="Little Birds (song)">
Little Birds (song)

Little Birds is the fourth single by American psych folk band Neutral Milk Hotel, released in 2011 as part of their "Walking Wall of Words" compilation package which contains two versions of the previously unreleased song.
Both the studio version and the live version were performed solely by Jeff Mangum. The studio version of the song was recorded by friend and regular collaborator Robert Schneider and engineered by Craig Morris while the live version of the song was recorded by filmmaker and cinematographer Lance Bangs. The record is dedicated to University of Wyoming murder victim Matthew Shepard. The album art was designed by Mangum and Mark Ohe.
Background.
"Little Birds" is the one of the only two known songs by Neutral Milk Hotel written after the release of "In the Aeroplane over the Sea" of which a recorded version exists. It is also the only post-"Aeroplane" song that has been performed in public. 
Jeff Mangum played the song live and before the song described what it was about:
Track listing.
"Little Birds"
"Little Birds" (Live)

</doc>
<doc id="18704119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704119" title="Jesse Gress">
Jesse Gress

Jesse Gress is a rock guitarist. He tours and records with Todd Rundgren and the Tony Levin Band, and plays on all four of John Ferenzik's albums.
A performer, music educator, and former music editor of Guitar Player, Jesse has hundreds of transcription folios and magazine articles to his credit, as well as five acclaimed reference books: "Guitar Licks of the Texas Blues-Rock Heroes", "GuitaRevolution - Lessons from the Groundbreakers & Innovators", "The Guitar Cookbook", "Guitar Lick Factory", and "Guitar Licks of the Brit-Rock Heroes". He currently creates content for "Guitar Player" and Line 6's "GuitarPort".
There are over 100 published transcription folios containing Gress's work. These include most of The Beatles and Stevie Ray Vaughan catalogs, as well as key recordings by Jimi Hendrix, Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Led Zeppelin, The Allman Brothers Band, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, and Guns 'N' Roses, whose "Appetite for Destruction" was reportedly the best-selling guitar-transcription folio in history. His first transcription/arrangements for Warner Brothers Publications were published in 1986. His clientele quickly expanded to include Cherry Lane Music, Music Sales and Hal Leonard. He also began transcribing and writing lesson features for "Guitar Player", "Guitar World", "Guitar School", and "Guitar for the Practicing Musician".
Jesse continues to tour with Todd Rundgren. In 2008, he organized and was the Music Director for the Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band Album Tribute, "It Was 40 Years Ago Today", which included Todd Rundgren, Lou Gramm of Foreigner, Bo Bice, Christopher Cross, and Denny Laine.

</doc>
<doc id="18704128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704128" title="Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot (Aberdeen, South Dakota)">
Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot (Aberdeen, South Dakota)

The Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad Depot in Aberdeen, South Dakota was built by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (also known as The Milwaukee Road) in 1911. 
The depot is rectangular in shape, two stories, and is built of brick and concrete. Its style reflects the Craftsman/Prairie influences of the early 20th century. It was built to replace an earlier wooden depot that burned. Aberdeen served as a division point on the Milwaukee Road and the upper floors of the depot contained railroad offices.
The depot is the largest brick passenger depot still standing in South Dakota. It was listed in the National Register due to its architecture and association with the development of railroads in South Dakota.
The building was bought by an investment company that leases office space. The basement of the depot houses a model railroad club. 

</doc>
<doc id="18704135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704135" title="International Pop Overthrow">
International Pop Overthrow

The International Pop Overthrow is an American-originated music festival devoted to power pop music and related genres. 
Taking its name from Material Issue's 1991 album of the same name, the festival began in 1998, and has been held annually in the LA area since then. "IPO," as it is also known, was created by former school teacher and power-pop journalist David Bash to congregate some of his favorite Beatles-inspired bands for live performances over a one week period in Los Angeles. All artists, both local and visiting, play a 30 minute showcase at a variety of clubs in the area. Music venues such as Spaceland, the El Rey Theatre, and The Troubadour would host these showcases, among others in the LA and Orange County areas. 
Since its inception, the festival has expanded and held events in other cities such as Boston, Chicago, Liverpool, Nashville, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Phoenix, Seattle, and Vancouver.
From 1997 through to 2010, Not Lame Recordings released an annual CD compilation featuring the bands appearing at that year's festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18704145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704145" title="Aru languages">
Aru languages

The Aru languages are a group of a dozen Austronesian languages spoken on the Aru Islands in Indonesia. None are spoken by more than ten thousand people. Although geographically within the Central Maluku languages, they are not part of that group linguistically (Ross 1995).
The languages are: Barakai, Batuley, Dobel, Karey, Koba, Kola, Kompane, Lola, Lorang, Manombai, Mariri, East Tarangan, West Tarangan, Ujir

</doc>
<doc id="18704149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704149" title="Hilles clan">
Hilles clan

The Hilles clan is a Palestinian extended family that became known in 2008 for its violent conflict with the "de facto" Hamas military government in the Gaza Strip. It is politically aligned with the Fatah party, which controls the politics of the West Bank, and became a suspected key player in the July 26, 2008 bus bombing in Gaza City which killed five members of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the armed wing of Hamas, and a young girl.
Fight against Hamas and Flight to Israel.
On August 2, Hamas retaliated against the Hilles clan by raiding the predominately Hilles neighborhood of Sajaiyeh in Gaza City; around nine people were killed in the ensuing gunfight and around 90 were injured. In the evening hours, the leader of the clan (and former leader of the Tanzim faction of Fatah), Ahmed Hilles, led around 188 members of the clan to Nahal Oz and two other border crossings between Gaza and Israel, where they laid down their weapons and were stripsearched by Israeli troops before they were allowed onto Israeli soil; many of the wounded who fled to the border crossing, including Ahmed Hilles, were admitted to hospitals. Four were admitted to Soroka Medical Center in Beersheba for heavier injuries, while eleven others were admitted to Barzilai Medical Center in Ashkelon with lighter injuries.
While in hospital, Ahmed Hilles stated that Hamas had attacked his clan because "because it doesn’t want to see such a big and strong family like mine." Furthermore, he hinted that the Hilles clan would retaliate against Hamas.
Return of fugitives.
On August 3, dozens of the Hilles clan militants were sent back to Gaza; despite an agreement between the Abbas government in the West Bank on not transferring Fatah-aligned fugitives back to Gaza, Mahmoud Abbas requested that the members of the Hilles clan be sent back. Upon arrival, some of the members of the clan were arrested and detained by Hamas militants. 87 other members of the clan were transported in a two-bus convoy to Jericho in the West Bank. IDF spokesperson Brig.-Gen. Yoav Mordechai stated that there was no threat of a major escalation of hostilities arising from the transportation of the Hilles family members to Jericho.

</doc>
<doc id="18704153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704153" title="Lolette Payot">
Lolette Payot

Lolette Payot-Dodille (17 April 1910 – February 1988) was a Swiss-French tennis player.
Biography.
Payot was born on 17 April 1910 at Lausanne. She learned to play tennis at an age of 8 on the courts of the Montchoisi tennis club. At the age of 13, she won the Swiss national championships for the first time.
Payot competed at the Wimbledon Championships from 1929 to 1935, reaching the singles quarterfinals in 1931, 1933 and 1934. At the French Championships, she reached the quarterfinals in 1932, 1934 and 1935. In 1935, she won the mixed doubles title partnering Marcel Bernard at Paris. She was ranked world number 8 by A. Wallis Myers in 1933, and 7 in 1934.
Payot won the Swiss national championships seven times in a row from 1929 to 1935. During the Swiss championships in July 1935, Payot fell seriously ill. It took her one year to recover, and she decided to retire from the amateur tennis circus. She then opened a tennis school and worked as a coach at Montchoisi. In January 1937, she married French "Robert Dodille" at Lausanne and took the French citizenship.
By 1943, Payot had begun to play tournaments again. In August 1945, she won the singles title at the French championships. The title, however, isn't recognized by the Fédération Française de Tennis and the International Tennis Federation.
Payot continued to work as a coach and as a secretary at Montchoisi tennis club until 1982. She died at an age of 77 in February 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="18704164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704164" title="Donald MacInnis">
Donald MacInnis

Donald MacInnis (21 August 1918 – 9 May 2007) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was born in Glace Bay, Nova Scotia and became a coal miner by career.
He was first elected at the Cape Breton South riding in the 1957 general election, defeating the long-serving incumbent Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member of parliament Clarence Gillis, also a former miner. MacInnis defeated Gillis again in a rematch almost a year later in the 1958 general election, known as the "Diefenbaker Sweep." MacInnis remained a Member of Parliament throughout the 1960s and early 1970s except for the 25th Parliament when he was defeated in the riding by Malcolm Vic MacInnis of the New Democratic Party in the 1962 election. Since the 1968 election, MacInnis represented Cape Breton—East Richmond, one of the ridings which replaced the Cape Breton South electoral district in a boundary realignment.
After his term in the 29th Parliament ended in 1974, MacInnis left national office and did not campaign for another term.
From 1988, MacInnis served as the final Mayor of Glace Bay, a municipality which was dissolved in 1995 and replaced by the Cape Breton Regional Municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="18704174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704174" title="Mehdi Tartar">
Mehdi Tartar

Mehdi Tartar (Persian: مهدی تارتار, born September 24, 1972 in Tehran) is an Iranian association football coach and the current head coach of newly promoted Gahar Zagros. In September 2010 he was appointed manager of Iran Pro League team Rah Ahan after a spell as assistant at Persepolis but was sacked by club on 14 July 2011. Tartar was appointed as the head coach of Gahar Zagros for the season 2012-13 of Iran Pro League but he resigned from his position due to the financial problems the club was facing with in that time. He is son-in-law of Firouz Karimi, famous Iranian football head coach.
Club career.
Club career statistics.
Last Update 3 June 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="18704175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704175" title="Orkney Wireless Museum">
Orkney Wireless Museum

The Orkney Wireless Museum in Kirkwall, Orkney houses a collection of domestic and military wireless equipment. It developed from the private collection of the late Jim MacDonald from St Margaret's Hope and marks the importance of wireless communications in Orkney during World War II.
Museum.
The Orkney Wireless Museum is located at Kiln Corner, Kirkwall in Orkney and is run on an entirely voluntary basis. It is registered as a Charitable Company. The Friends of the museum, from all over the world, help raise funds for the museum. The local branch of the society organises volunteers to man the Museum every day of the season, from April to September.
The displays and photographic archive bear testament to the strategic and military importance of Orkney during World War II. In the collection there is much reference to the Home Fleet in Scapa Flow, Orkney. The museum demonstrates the importance of wireless communications and Radar to the civilian and military populations.
The Amateur Radio call sign GB2OWM is frequently activated at the museum. During the Orkney Science Festival every September, worldwide contacts are made and QSL cards are subsequently exchanged with the stations contacted.
Exhibits.
The museum has an extensive collection of early domestic radio and wartime communications equipment. Most of the equipment was built in the UK and USA. The museum also houses early advertising and posters. An archive of photographs depicts wartime forces and includes coverage of the building of the Churchill Barriers which were built primarily as naval defences to protect the anchorage at Scapa Flow.
Some examples of exhibits:
Museum History.
Jim MacDonald had a love of wireless sets and gathered an extensive and varied collection of domestic and military wireless equipment. The Museum was founded in 1983 when he was persuaded to display his collection in what he called "An Orkney Wireless Museum" in the family home in St Margaret's Hope, South Ronaldsay. After he died of cancer in 1988, his family carried out his wishes to develop the museum.
In June 1990 a registered family Trust was set up to run the museum. In 1994, the Museum was admitted as a member of the Museums and Galleries Commission of Great Britain. The Museum was awarded a Certificate from the Royal Naval Amateur Radio Society "For work in collecting, preserving and displaying the radio and electronic heritage of Scapa Flow and the Orkney Isles"
In 1997, the collection moved to Kiln Corner, Kirkwall which allowed a greater number of exhibits to be displayed. The Museum has received many financial donations.
Founder.
James "Jim" MacDonald (1927 - 1988) was born and brought up on South Ronaldsay. He was locally educated and served his apprenticeship as an electrician and radio repairman. During his boyhood, wireless was rapidly developing and he started to gather old, interesting sets which were becoming redundant. This became the nucleus for his collection which includes such rare and interesting examples as "Kit Sets" and the very, very expensive models by such famous names as Marconi, Cossor, MacMichael, K.B., Lowe and Amplion.
With the outbreak of war in 1939, he was listed as in a reserved occupation, and worked for the War Office as a civilian in the great Naval Base at Lyness. He was also employed at other RAF sites such as Netherbutton, with one of the world's first active operational Radar installations. (This was actually the prototype, modified, which was shipped from England, as the one being built for Orkney was not nearly ready. When Orkney's was finished, it was sent to Dover where it was to play such a vital role in the Battle of Britain).
After the war, Jim collected as many examples of relevant equipment as he could; many operations were still classified as Top Secret. Another problem to collection was that equipment was deliberately destroyed in order to prevent flooding the market with surplus goods (as had happened after the First World War). The collected equipment had played a vital part in the Battle of the North Atlantic and North Sea, and has all seen active service.

</doc>
<doc id="18704181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704181" title="Sullivan's Island Range Lights">
Sullivan's Island Range Lights

The Sullivan's Island Range Lights were range lights on the southern end of Sullivan's Island in Charleston County, South Carolina. The light station was first established in 1848 and was destroyed in 1861 during the Civil War. It was rebuilt after the war and the lights were in existence at least as late as 1901. Neither of the range lights still remains today. 
Sullivan's Island is a barrier island at the northern entrance to the Charleston harbor. The entire island is now the Town of Sullivan's Island. It is the location of Fort Moultrie and the current Charleston Light.
History.
The station was established in 1848 to guide ships over the Charleston Bar and was destroyed during the war in 1861. After the surrender of Confederate forces in Charleston, a temporary beacon was placed in a skeletal tower on the roof of a private house. This light guided ships through the channel near the wreck of the ironclad USS Weehawken and also a lightship was placed over the wreck. 
Range lights were then placed in Fort Moultrie in 1872, with the front beacon rested on the fort's parapet and the lightship was removed. The station also included keeper's quarters. 
In 1878 the front beacon was moved from the parapet to the glacis of the fort. In 1879 it was raised and placed upon a brick room that served as an oil room. It was surrounded by a white picket fence. 
In 1883, it was painted red. In 1886, the front beacon was moved to the west. In 1899, the rear range light was discontinued and replaced by two front range lights. On May 20, 1899 it was renamed as the "South Channel Range" lights. 
In 1901, the Front Light was about southeast of the southeastern angle of Fort Moultrie, and the other light was about to the east of the Front light. The lights were eventually removed at an unknown date.

</doc>
<doc id="18704208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704208" title="Pejman Jamshidi">
Pejman Jamshidi

Pejman Jamshidi (, born September 11, 1977) is a retired Iranian footballer. He recently starred in 2013 in an Iranian TV Show called "Pejman", which tells the story of Jamshidi's current life, in which he is on the lookout for a new team. He is currently assistant manager at Persepolis Shomal.
Club career.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 12 May 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="18704220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704220" title="Larsen, Wisconsin">
Larsen, Wisconsin

Larsen is an unincorporated community in the town of Clayton, in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
Transportation.
The Larson Brothers Airport is located near Larsen.

</doc>
<doc id="18704264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704264" title="Jinushigami">
Jinushigami

, also known as , , , or , are Shinto folk deities, or kami, of an area of land (the name literally means "land-master-kami"). Their history goes back to at least the 9th century and possibly earlier. Originally, jinushigami were associated with new areas of land opened up for settlement. New residents of the land created shrines to the local resident kami either to gain its blessing/permission, or to bind it within the land to prevent its interference with, or cursing of, nearby humans. Jinushigami may be either ancestors of the original settlers of an area, or ancestors of a clan.
Pop culture.
In the manga series "Kamisama Kiss" by Julietta Suzuki, the heroine Nanami Momozono becomes the tochigami of a derelict shrine.

</doc>
<doc id="18704267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704267" title="Macro-Chibchan languages">
Macro-Chibchan languages

Macro-Chibchan is a proposal linking languages of Colombia and Nicaragua. These languages were once included in the Chibchan family itself, but were excluded pending further evidence as that family became well established. Kaufman (1990) finds the Chibchan–Misumalpan connection convincing, if as yet unsubstantiated, though Campbell (2000) finds it doubtful. Xincan was once included, but this is now doubtful.
Constenla (2005) provides 85 forms he proposes display regular correspondence between Lencan, Misumalpan, and Chibchan, a group he calls "Lenmichí" (Lencan–Misumalpan–Chibchan). He suggests that Chocoan may be related as well. 
Greenberg proposed a broader conception of Macro-Chibchan, one dismissed by linguists working on the families in question. It included Yanomam, Tarascan, and Cuitlatec in addition to Chibchan–Misulmalpan–Xinca–Lenca. Greenberg (1987) included Paezan languages in a Chibchan-Paezan stock with Barbacoan, Chibchan, Chocoan, Jirajaran, and the isolates Betoi, Kamsá (Sibundoy language), Yaruro, Esmeraldeño, Mochica, Cunza, Itonama, and Yurumanguí. 
Reconstruction.
Constenla (2005) reconstructed five vowels and eleven consonants for Proto-Lenmichian, with the following reflexes:
Vowels.
There are also a series of nasal vowels.

</doc>
<doc id="18704279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704279" title="The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center">
The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center

The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center is a theater in Old Saybrook, Connecticut that opened in 2009. It is the only theater in the world that is named for Katharine Hepburn, the 4-time Academy Award winning actress.
The building in which the venue is housed dates from circa 1910 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 as Old Saybrook Town Hall and Theater. The property is also known as The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center and Theatre.
The 250 seat theater has the full backing of the Hepburn Estate and the actress's family. Cynthia McFadden of ABC News, an executor of the Hepburn Estate, is an honorary capital campaign committee member. Hepburn's brother-in-law, Ellsworth Grant, is currently instrumental in helping the Board of Trustees honor the actress with his knowledge of Hepburn and her family. Grant is an author and former Mayor of West Hartford, Connecticut.
The Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center is a non-profit performing arts organization located in a historic theater/town hall on Main Street in Old Saybrook. Originally opened in 1911 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the Center has been renovated with public funds from the Town of Old Saybrook and donations raised by the Trustees of the Center. It includes a 250-seat theater and a small museum (still under construction) honoring Katharine Hepburn, Old Saybrook’s most celebrated resident. As befits an organization born of such a public/private partnership, programming is eclectic, offering something for all ages and income levels on the Connecticut shore and in the lower river valley.
Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell has said the following about the Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center:
"It is my pleasure to recognize that one of Connecticut's own is being honored in the naming of an historic building that will perpetuate her legacy. Katharine Hepburn contributed much in her long career in film and theater, not only to Connecticut, but throughout the world. To remember her in this manner is most fitting and I salute the efforts of all those involved."
Connecticut U.S. Senator Christopher Dodd has also recognized the theater in saying:
"I commend everyone participating in this grand effort to restore the old Town Hall building in Old Saybrook to create in its place the Katharine Hepburn Cultural Arts Center, I'm honored that I can lend my name in support of what will be a meaningful and inspiring tribute to our Connecticut treasure, Katharine Hepburn."
The building was designed by New London architect James Sweeney, and "is a fine example of the Colonial Revival Style." The general contractor was William L. Roe, Jr., of New London.

</doc>
<doc id="18704283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704283" title="TAM Cargo">
TAM Cargo

TAM Cargo (formerly known as TAM Express) is a cargo and shipping service operated by TAM Airlines of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="18704284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704284" title="John Bond (classicist)">
John Bond (classicist)

John Bond (1550 – 3 August 1612) was an English physician and classical scholar who also served twice as Member of Parliament (MP) for Taunton.
Born at Trull in Somerset and educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford, he became a Master of Arts in 1579 and soon afterwards was appointed Master of the Free School at Taunton (an appointment in the gift of New College). Although unqualified in medicine, he also began to practise as a doctor, and became highly respected as a physician. He came to be more noted, however, for the commentaries he published on classical literature, notably that on Horace which subsequently were included in many European editions of the poet's works; also important was his "Commentaries on Persius", published after his death by his son-in-law.
Bond was elected MP for Taunton in the parliaments of 1601 and 1604–1611, and it is considered likely also that he was the John Bond who was chief secretary to the Lord Chancellor, Sir Thomas Egerton. He died in 1612 and was buried in Taunton parish church. The antiquary Anthony à Wood described him as ""a polite and rare critic, whose labours have advanced the commonwealth of learning very much"".

</doc>
<doc id="18704295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704295" title="Winnebago, Wisconsin">
Winnebago, Wisconsin

Winnebago is an unincorporated community in the town of Oshkosh in Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located just outside of the northeast edge of the city of Oshkosh. The Winnebago Mental Health Institute is located in Winnebago. The ZIP code is: 54985. U.S. Route 45 ran through the community until the road's route was moved west; the former route is now occupied by County Highway A.

</doc>
<doc id="18704310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704310" title="Macro-Mayan languages">
Macro-Mayan languages

Macro-Mayan is a proposal linking the clearly established Mayan family with neighboring families that show similarities to Mayan.
The first proposals of this hypothesis were made by Norman McQuown in 1942 who linked Mayan and Mixe–Zoquean. The hypothesis was not elaborated until 1979 when Brown and Witkowski put forth a proposal with 62 cognate sets and supposed sound correspondences between the two families. They also published two articles proposing a "Mesoamerican Phylum" composed of Maco-Mayan and other language families of Mesoamerica. These proposals was examined closely by Lyle Campbell and Terrence Kaufman who rejected the proposal completely because of serious flaws in the methodology that had been applied. They rejected almost all of the 62 cognates. First and foremost they found it important to identify all cases of linguistic diffusion before collecting possible cognates because diffusion has been widespread within the Mesoamerican Linguistic Area. The exchanges between Brown and Witkowski and Campbell and Kaufman took place in the journal American Anthropologist between 1978 and 1983.
However Campbell wrote that he believed that Mayan would indeed some day prove to be related to Mixe–Zoquean and Totonacan (Campbell: 1997), but that the studies up to then had done nothing to support such an assumption. (This may have changed for Mixe–Zoquean and Totonacan themselves, with the Totozoquean proposal.) In Campbell's opinion, Huave is more likely connected to Oto-Manguean, as suggested by Morris Swadesh.

</doc>
<doc id="18704315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704315" title="Algerian presidential election, 1999">
Algerian presidential election, 1999

The 1999 Algerian presidential election took place on 15 April 1999 to elect the President of Algeria. Abdelaziz Bouteflika was elected with 73.8% of the vote after the other six candidates withdrew on the eve of the election.
Background.
Incumbent president Liamine Zeroual announced in September 1998 that early presidential elections would be held in February 1999. He also said that he would not be a candidate in the election, in a move which was reported as being due to infighting within the Algerian army. The election was later set for the 15 April and the official campaign began on the 25 March. The government set up a panel to oversee the election, the Independent National Commission for Monitoring the Presidential Election (CNISEP) and President Zeroual called upon all government officials to stay neutral.
The election took place to the backdrop of continuing conflict in the Algerian Civil War. Restoring peace to the country was the major issue for the election.
Candidates.
The frontrunner was a former foreign minister, Abdelaziz Bouteflika, who was supported by much of the military and establishment. Bouteflika had the backing of the two main parties in the governing coalition and said that he would work to increase trust in the government and would not rule out talking to anyone. Pro-government newspapers described Bouteflika as the "national consensus candidate".
The other candidates included Ahmed Taleb Ibrahimi, a former education and foreign minister, who received backing from the outlawed Islamic Salvation Front (FIS). He supported talking with the FIS and for the military to withdraw from politics. Another candidate Abdallah Djaballah, the founder of the Movement for National Reform, called for a government of national unity to be formed.
Two former prime ministers were candidates. Mouloud Hamrouche, prime minister from 1989 to 1991 was a former member of the governing National Liberation Front (FLN) who had fallen out with the leaders of the party. Mokdad Sifi was prime minister from 1993 to 1995 and was backed by part of the National Rally for Democracy (RND) which did not support Bouteflika. He opposed an amnesty or negotiations with murderers of women and children.
Youcef Khatib was an independent candidate and former advisor to President Zeroual's 1995 election campaign. Lastly Hocine Aït Ahmed, the founder of the Socialist Forces Front, campaigned by calling for Algeria to be neither a military dictatorship or Islamic fundamentalist state. Near the end of the campaign Ahmed had a heart attack and had to go to Switzerland for treatment.
Withdrawal.
Less than 24 hours before the election six of the seven presidential candidates withdrew claiming the election would not be fair. The candidates claimed that electoral fraud by the army ensured that Bouteflika would win the election. Among other things they said that voter lists were being padded and extra ballot papers being printed to support Bouteflika.
Outgoing President Zeroual refused to meet the candidates to discuss their grievances and criticised the candidates for withdrawing, describing the move as illegal.
Election results.
Official figures showed turnout to be just over 60% with Bouteflika winning easily. However other candidates said that the turnout was very low, with Ibrahimi saying it had really only been about 25%.

</doc>
<doc id="18704316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704316" title="Ásgeirsson">
Ásgeirsson

Ásgeirsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Ásgeir". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704317" title="Patrick Braoudé">
Patrick Braoudé

Patrick Braoudé (25 September 1954, Paris, France) is a French actor, director, scriptwriter, and producer.

</doc>
<doc id="18704321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704321" title="Jubilee International Church">
Jubilee International Church

Jubilee International Church was established in 1992 with just 7 members in Clapham, London SW4. They then purchased and modernised a former 1935 Baptist church building and moved in 2006 to the Chinbrook and the former Chinbrook Meadows areas of Grove Park. The church was part of the Assemblies of God in Great Britain, a leading Pentecostal denomination worldwide. The church had a number of branches in the UK and in several nations worldwide.
History of the building.
When the Grove Park Estate was first built in the 1920s, Lewisham Council determined that it should also include a church. Mr Frederick E Pinkess who had been running a successful ‘mobile’ Sunday school in the community decided to apply for permission to get a church built. He could clearly see that the area had potential for a thriving parish. With the help of the Shaftesbury Society, which was affiliated to the Baptist Church, Mr Pinkess raised enough money to build a church which was completed in May 1935. It was a non-denominational place of worship called Grove Park Mission and served as a mercy ministry to the poor. In the 1930s and 1940s, the church had a very popular and effective outreach programme in the community especially amongst the children, which led to a thriving Sunday school. Outreaches included opening-air singing and playing hymns along the local residential streets while carrying around the heavy church organ for music. There were regular open air outreaches every Sunday afternoon and evening for many years.
In 1947, the work was connected with the Free Church movement which was of the Plymouth Brethren movement. Then from 1961, Pastor Gordon Thomson who was connected to Honor Oak Christian Fellowship became the long-term pastor of the congregation now called The Christian Fellowship. A local branch of Operation Mobilisation was also instrumental in helping with this work. 
In 1987, Book Aid began to lease space in the building from The Christian Fellowship, and then in August 2005 the building was sold to Jubilee International Church who had migrated from the Clapham area. Pastor Thomson expressed the fact that they were thankful to see the church building in the hands of a new thriving congregation. He and his wife both died within a month of each other in 2007.
Opposition.
The new church came into the media spotlight in the summer of 2006 following serious controversy with local residents in Grove Park and heated dialogues with the local council, London Borough of Lewisham regarding planning consent. Following a favourable decision by the council regarding planning usage, this issue eventually culminated in racist arson attacks against the church and continuing minor attacks and opposition for almost two years. The proverbial dust settled after about 18 months. 

</doc>
<doc id="18704324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704324" title="Manganese, Minnesota">
Manganese, Minnesota

Manganese was a small village in Minnesota, United States. Located in Wolford Township in Crow Wing County, Manganese lies roughly north of Trommald, Minnesota. Just off of County Road 34, it is perhaps best identified by its location between Coles Lake and Flynn Lake. First appearing in the 1920 census, the village was abandoned by 1960.
History.
Named after the mining of its namesake, the village first appeared as "Manganese Village" in the 1920 Census with a population of 183.
Over time, like most other minerals in the Cuyuna Range, all of the ore had been extracted. As a result, no employment remained in the city, and the residents needed to relocate to find new jobs. Unlike other towns in the Cuyuna Range, rather than having its population decline by thirty or forty percent, Manganese lost its entire population. During the 1960s the city was abandoned; it became a ghost town. Nothing remained except for sidewalks, rubble, many building foundations, and various abandoned items. In the 1970s, the city amounted to nothing more than sidewalks and rubble. As time progressed into the 1980s, trees, roots, and shrubs began to uproot and crack through the concrete sidewalks. In the 1990s, a majority of the land was purchased. It is now privately owned and has a "no trespassing" sign posted on the gate of the southeastern part of the city. Presently, the area is consumed entirely by the growth of natural vegetation. 
Although the grid pattern of roads remains, the roads have either disintegrated or have been completely overtaken by grass, trees, and shrubs. The sheer height of the trees expose what has become of land once occupied by numerous buildings. Manganese is a classic example of a "ghost town."

</doc>
<doc id="18704331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704331" title="Brian Liddy">
Brian Liddy

Brian Liddy is a former officer of the Los Angeles Police Department. Liddy, together with Sgt. Edward Ortiz and former Officer Michael Buchanan, were the first to be charged with criminal wrongdoing in the Rampart Scandal. Liddy was both the highest-ranking and the most decorated LAPD officer to be directly implicated by Rafael Perez, based upon his testimony and allegations. His acquittal and subsequent lawsuit (Liddy et al. v. City of Los Angeles et al. - 2:2008cv03089) led to questions of Perez's credibility.
Early career.
In 1993, almost three years after joining the force in 1990, Liddy was awarded the department's Medal of Valor for actions taken during a shoot-out during the Rodney King riots in 1992, while stationed at the 77th Street Division. In 1995, Liddy transferred to the Rampart Division's CRASH unit at the same time as Rafael Perez, who would later implicate Sgt. Liddy and over 70 other officers in several instances of police misconduct.
Rampart Scandal.
More than 100 criminal cases were overturned after former LAPD Officer Rafael Perez testified that he, his partner and other officers (including Liddy) stationed in the Rampart CRASH unit had routinely framed gang members for crimes they did not commit. Perez made his allegations in exchange for leniency after he was caught stealing cocaine from a police evidence locker. However, the credibility of Perez has been undermined by his testimony in several internal affairs investigations in which three officers, including Liddy, accused of crimes or misconduct were found not guilty or the charges were dropped.
Trial.
Liddy, along with Sgt. Edward Ortiz and former Officer Michael Buchanan, were the first to be charged with conspiring to obstruct justice by then-Los Angeles District Attorney Gil Garcetti based on Perez's testimony. The criminal case against the Rampart officers revolved around a 1996 incident in which two reputed gang members were convicted of hitting Buchanan and Liddy with a pickup truck in an alley. Perez told authorities three years later that the officers made up the story to frame the pair. In a highly publicized trial in 2000, a Superior Court jury convicted the three officers of the charges, based on Perez's testimony. Afterward, however, Judge Jacqueline Connor vacated the verdicts, saying she had made a “fatal error” in not recognizing that jurors might have misread some "jargon" in the police report that unintentionally lent support to the claim that the officers had lied.
Lawsuit.
After their acquittals, in separate federal civil rights lawsuits filed on August 6, 2005, Liddy and the two other men charged in the trial accused former Los Angeles Police Chief Bernard C. Parks and the LAPD of using them as “scapegoats” to satisfy the media during the scandal involving the Rampart Division’s anti-gang unit, and that they were charged due to questionable testimony from Perez and other witnesses.
In his lawsuit, Liddy alleged that a disciplinary board criticized internal affairs investigators for giving questionable facts to witnesses with criminal backgrounds who testified against the officers. The LAPD Board of Rights' official report stated the witnesses’ recollections were “potentially tainted by the interview process and raised serious questions regarding their credibility,” according to the lawsuit. The board unanimously overruled discipline for Liddy, his lawsuit states. Disciplinary proceedings against Ortiz were pending. The three plaintiffs also accused the department of concealing from the district attorney’s office the names of witnesses who could have corroborated defense claims that Perez lied in his testimony about the officers.
A civil jury awarded Liddy over five million dollars for violation of his civil rights in 2006. In January 2009, Liddy and the other two officers settled with the city on two other cases that alleged wrongful termination, and violation of civil rights. Liddy medically retired from the police department in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18704339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704339" title="Arlington Oaks">
Arlington Oaks

The Arlington Oaks is an American Grade III Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Arlington Park racetrack near Chicago, Illinois. Raced on dirt over a distance of 1 1/8 miles (9 Furlongs), the race is restricted to three-year-old fillies. It offers a purse of $100,000.
Inaugurated in 1930, after the running of the 1932 edition the race was not run again until 1980. There was no race in 1998 and 1999.
Known as the Arlington Oaks from 1930 to 1992 and in 2000, it was run as the Arlington Heights Oaks from 1993 to 1997, the Singapore Plate from 2001 to 2003 and as the Arlington Breeders' Cup Oaks in 2004. 
In 1985, the race was hosted by the Hawthorne Race Course.

</doc>
<doc id="18704362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704362" title="Harry Perry (cricketer)">
Harry Perry (cricketer)

Harry Perry (7 March 1895–28 February 1961) was an English cricketer who played five first-class games for Worcestershire in the late 1920s.
His highest score was the 40 he made against Yorkshire in his second match,
while his single first-class wicket came in his last innings, when with the final ball of his career he dismissed Hampshire's John Parker. 

</doc>
<doc id="18704365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704365" title="Jesse Ehrenfeld">
Jesse Ehrenfeld

Jesse Menachem Ehrenfeld (born 24 April 1978) is an American physician. Ehrenfeld is the Speaker of the Massachusetts Medical Society, and is the youngest officer in the 228 year history of the organization. He is also a former Vice-President of the Massachusetts Society of Anesthesiologists. A 2008 recipient of the AMA Foundation Leadership Award, Ehrenfeld is a leading researcher in the field of biomedical informatics. Ehrenfeld’s research interests include bioinformatics and the application of information technology to increase patient safety in the operating room environment. Ehrenfeld’s work has led to the presentation of over 100 abstracts at national/international meetings and the publication of many manuscripts in high impact peer-reviewed journals.
Education.
Born in Wilmington, DE, Ehrenfeld attended high school at Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts. A board certified anesthesiologist, he holds a Bachelor of Science from Haverford College, an MD from the University of Chicago, and a Master of Public Health degree from Harvard University.
Career.
Ehrenfeld's research in the area of continuous quality improvement and intraoperative patient safety is supported by the National Institutes of Health and the Foundation for Anesthesia Education and Research. He is co-director of the Fellowship of Biomedical Informatics at the Massachusetts General Hospital. He currently serves on the Board of Trustees of the Massachusetts Medical Society. Ehrenfeld also serves on the publication's committee of the New England Journal of Medicine. His appointments have included Assistant Professorships at Harvard Medical School and the Massachusetts General Hospital where he practiced anesthesiology within the Department of Anesthesia, Critical Care, and Pain Medicine. He is Assistant Professor of Anesthesiology at Vanderbilt University Medical Center. He is the author of several books, including "Pocket Anesthesia", "Anesthesia: A Cased Based Survival Guide", and "The MGH Textbook of Anesthetic Equipment" and has published extensively in the medical literature. 
Ehrenfeld is active in the LGBT community, and is a Log Cabin Republican. He co-directs the Vanderbilt Program for LGBTI Health 

</doc>
<doc id="18704376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704376" title="Municipal Warehouse No. 1">
Municipal Warehouse No. 1

Municipal Warehouse No. 1 is a six-story warehouse built in 1917 located on the outermost point of land on the main channel at the Port of Los Angeles. It played an important part in the establishment of Los Angeles as a major center of international trade and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places for its role in the development of the region's international trade and commerce.
Construction and early years.
The development of the Panama Canal led Los Angeles business leaders to believe that, if modern port facilities could be built, the world's commercial fleet would descend on Los Angeles. When the canal opened in August 1914, World War I had postponed the city's plans. However, the city's Municipal Wharf No. 1 was nearly complete in 1914, and harbor officials next turned their attention the construction of a large bonded warehouse to handle the "sea caravans" that were expected to crowd the harbor at the end of the war. 
By late 1914, foundation tests and paving activities were underway for a six-story warehouse to be built on Municipal Dock No. 1. And in December 1914, the Harbor Commission unveiled the structural plans ("pictured to the left") prepared by Chief Harbor Engineer S.A. Jubb for the "mammoth new warehouse." The "Los Angeles Times" reported at the time on the proposed design as follows:"The massiveness and character of the structure, of course, preclude the idea of architectural beauty and make any considerable degree of ornamentation undesirable. Both commissions, however, are desirous that the warehouse shall be more than merely a gigantic fireproof box with four walls, a roof and various openings. Considerable study, therefore, has been given to the treatment of cornice and wall panels, to the end that as pleasing and symmetrical an effect may be obtained as is consistent with the purposes and proportions of the building.
The original projected cost of the structure was $200,000 for the structural work and another $50,000 for equipment, though the final cost was nearly double -- $475,792.53. When plans were finalized in 1915, the "Times" reported that the enormous warehouse would require more than 27,000 cubic yards of cement and 1,200 tons of reinforcing steel and would be "by far the largest structure of its kind on the Pacific Coast." The contract for the huge public works project was awarded to the Merchants' Realty and Investment Company of Los Angeles, and "unionites" immediately began making threats to "make trouble for the contractor as soon as work is started on the warehouse." The first foundation piles were driven into the Huntington Fill in August 1915, and by the end of November, more than 3,000 piles had been sunk. The first concrete was poured in January 1916, and the basement and first floor were completed by early April 1916. However, construction was slowed by wartime shortages, and the "Times" reported in late April that the contractor was considering suspending operations altogether and laying off the 150 men working on the project, due to continuing problems with shortages of lumber, rock and gravel.
When Municipal Warehouse No. 1 opened in April 1917, nearly 100 members of the city's Merchants' and Manufacturers' Association toured the warehouse and were told of its potential to assist them in their business. The "Times" described the operations at the warehouse as follows:"Freight received by steamers will be sorted in the transit freight shed and taken into the warehouse on electric trucks. Sixteen electric hoists have been provided to convey the freight to the various lofts in the warehouse. There are nearly twelve acres of floor space in the warehouse, which will be leased by the city merchants and manufacturers. Here goods may be readied for shipment and send direct from the warehouse by rail. Tracks run into the warehouse and elevators are provided to take the goods from the lofts to the loading platforms in the basement." 
The warehouse was the Port's only bonded warehouse for many years and played a significant role in the establishment of the Port of Los Angeles as an international trade hub. The structure was built with an interior arcade with room for 24 freight cars.
Rooftop operations.
Because of its commanding view of the harbor, the roof of the warehouse has long been the site of various operations. Starting in the early 1920s, the Marine Exchange operated on its roof, providing lookout reports on ships entering and leaving the port. In 1925, the Radio Corporation of America located its harbor receiving station to the top of the massive warehouse. A new four-room lookout station for use by the Marine Exchange was built in 1928 atop the warehouse. The new station had a large circular window giving telescopes a commanding view of the harbor and ocean, and also included a neon red beacon which shed a red glow over the building at night. In 1939, the "Los Angeles Times" described the Exchange as "a world all its own up there on Warehouse No. 1." In eight-hour shifts, three men manned the Exchange, climbing seven flights of stairs to reach the lookout station. The "Times" described the station as follows: "In one room with big windows commanding every approach from the sea, there is a large telescope on wheels. It can be pointed in any direction with the touch of a finger. At a little desk looking out over the channel and the harbor sits one of the three men who who are on duty as lookouts ..." During World War II, as blackout rules were applied along the coast, the Marine Exchange ceased operations but resumed its lookout operations atop the warehouse in late 1945. In 1964, a new 26 x perch was built atop the warehouse for use by the Marine Exchange. The roof was also the site of a weather observation and signal facility for many years.
Navy depot, Foreign Trade Zone 4, and historic designation.
During World War II, the warehouse was turned over to the U.S. Navy for use as a supply depot. Returned to civilian use after the war, the fourth foreign trade zone in the United States was established at the warehouse in September 1949; it followed the success of such zones in New York, New Orleans and San Francisco. From 1949 to 1956 (when the foreign trade zone was terminated), the warehouse became "in effect a 'foreign island'" or "free city" where important goods could be manipulated, sorted, graded, inspected, and re-exported without payment of duties unless and until they were taken from the warehouse for distribution within the United States. By 1950, more than 100,000 local citizens were employed directly in foreign trade grossing $530 million, and the Los Angeles Foreign Trade Zone at Municipal Warehouse No. 1 was credited with helping Los Angeles become a major center of world trade.
Over the years, as items were held for various customs or other reasons, Municipal Warehouse No. 1 became the home for a number of unusual items. In 1949, a group of camels being imported from Australia for a Shriners convention were held at the warehouse while quarantine requirements were met. And when an American museum imported the railroad car that carried Winston Churchill's body to burial, the railcar got no further than the port and was stored for many years in the Municipal Warehouse No. 1.
In the 1970s, the introduction of cargo containerization eliminated the need for break-bulk warehousing, but Municipal Warehouse No. 1 has continued to be used as a bonded warehouse at the Port. It also serves as a visual landmark for ships entering the Port. In 2000, Municipal Warehouse No. 1 was listed on the National Register of Historic Places based on its contributions to international trade and commerce along the Pacific Coast.

</doc>
<doc id="18704385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704385" title="James Megeath">
James Megeath

James Gabriel Megeath (November 18, 1824 – November 9, 1906) was a pioneer in Omaha, Nebraska who is known for his helping found Hanscom Park, to which Megeath donated substantially.
Biography.
Megeath was from Virginia, and was descended from one of the early families of the state. He was born at the home of his maternal grandfather. His father was Joseph Pritchett Megeath who was born in 1800 in the same county and reared on the farm of his father Gabriel Megeath who lived and died in that county. As he neared adulthood, Joseph Pritchett Megeath left the parental farm and was engaged for some time in trading operating teams as far away as Ohio. Afterward, he engaged in general merchandising, owning and operating a farm for about twenty years, after which he retired and died at Philomont Loudoun county, Virginia in 1857. James G Megeath's mother was Elizabeth Cochran who was also born in Loudoun county. Virginia in 1803. She was a daughter of James Cochran who lived for many years in that county.
James G Megeath could not secure living accommodations in that city and was compelled to cross the river to Council Bluffs. He remained in the latter city all winter but voted in Omaha on the day of his arrival from the East. He returned to Virginia in 1855 but two years later he again went to Omaha which was his home until his death. In the latter year he purchased a one third interest in the general merchandise business of Megeath & Co which had a store for a time on the south side of Farnam street a few doors east of 14th and later on the north side of Farnam upon the site of the present Megeath building.
Megeath subsequently sold out his general merchandise business and embarked as the head of a company in the commission and forwarding business operating from the changing terminus of the Union Pacific Railroad until the latter road made its connection with the Central Pacific at Monument Point. This company did an enormous business. It handled 90 percent of the freight of the Union Pacific to be forwarded.
Megeath early acquired large real estate interests in Omaha which was the means of greatly augmenting his large fortune. For a number of years on account of ill health he led a life of quiet retirement but during later years he was engaged in the active real estate business In 1872 he joined with Andrew J Hanscom in deeding to the city the property now known as Hanscom park comprising of natural park land the gift being conditioned solely upon its being retained for park purposes by the city and being improved to the extent of $25,000.
Megeath and Peter E Her many years ago bought the McCoy distillery and with it formed what has since become the Willow Springs distillery property. After a few years however Mr Megeath disposed of his interest to the Hers. In 1860 he was a member of the city council. In 1866 he was speaker of representatives and during the same year was a member of the state senate at the special called for the election of two United States. He was also a member of the board of commissioners in the same year and in 1877 reelected to membership in the city council. In all of these responsible positions he rendered intelligent and effective service. He was an active democrat all his life. From the year 1848 he was an active member of the Masonic order and was the very early members of Capitol Lodge No organized in Omaha in 1857.
Personal life.
In 1854 in Fauquier, Virginia, he was married to Miss Virginia Carter. She was daughter of George Carter and granddaughter of Ambrose Walden, who was a lieutenant in the American Revolutionary war. Mrs. Megeath was born in 1833 in Fauquier county and died in 1898. The issue of this union included Mrs. Beatty Robinson, wife of Major E.B. Robinson, 9th United States infantry born in Virginia in 1853, George Windsor born in Virginia in 1856, Joseph P born in Nebraska in 1857 and Samuel A born in Baltimore in 1870.
Death.
Megeath died at the home of his son Joseph P in Salt Lake City in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="18704389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704389" title="Río San Juan, María Trinidad Sánchez">
Río San Juan, María Trinidad Sánchez

Río San Juan is a municipality in the María Trinidad Sánchez province of the Dominican Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18704402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704402" title="Christopher Clark (disambiguation)">
Christopher Clark (disambiguation)

Christopher Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704411" title="2008 Mogadishu bombings">
2008 Mogadishu bombings

The 2008 Mogadishu bombings occurred on August 3, 2008 in Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia. A roadside bombing killed 21 women who were cleaning rubbish from a southern Mogadishu street on Sunday morning, a hospital official said. Mogadishu residents gathered around victims of the bomb attack along the city's Maka Al Mukarama Road.
The bomb blast wounded another 46 people, most of them Somali women who had gathered to clean Maka Al Mukarama Road in southern Mogadishu's Kilometer 4 district, according to Medina Hospital director Dr. Dahir Dhere.
Quotes.
""It suddenly turned the area into a carnage, scattering body parts of the street cleaners into a large area,"" said witness Asha Ise Gedi. ""There were pools of blood everywhere. I have never seen such mass killing.""
""They were innocent poor mothers or sisters,"" Gedi said. ""Why did they deserve this?""
Investigation.
It is unclear who is behind the attack.
Mogadishu Mayor Mohamed Omar Habeb Dhere, who was recently fired by the country's prime minister, blamed the Islamic Courts Union for waging the attack. But the head of the Islamist insurgent group, Abid Rahim Ise Adow, denied any involvement and blamed Somalia's government for orchestrating the attack.
The victims were participating in a program that allows Somali women to work as street cleaners in exchange for food. The United Nations' World Food Program organized the program, which began last year and is administered by Mogadishu's regional authority.

</doc>
<doc id="18704424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704424" title="Younes Bahonar">
Younes Bahonar

Younes Bahonar (, born on April 12, 1977) is a retired Iranian football player. He has played for Persepolis. In his late years of his career, he Captained three Tabrizi clubs: Teraktor Sazi, Mashin Sazi and Gostaresh Foolad.
Club career.
In 1991 he joined Tavanir Club at East Azerbaijan Province League and then Basij Tabriz. He finally joined Tabriz number one team Tractor Sazi F.C. in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18704428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704428" title="List of free-to-air channels at 28°E">
List of free-to-air channels at 28°E

This is a list of all of the free-to-air channels that are currently available via satellite from SES Astra satellites (Astra 2A/2E/2F) and Eutelsat's 28A (formerly Eurobird 1) satellite located at 28.2 °E. These are the same group of satellites used for the Sky pay-TV platform and the Freesat free-to-air platform, therefore existing installations for these platforms would not require a realignment of the satellite dish or the purchase of any additional equipment.
Future channels and events.
2014.
BBC One +1

</doc>
<doc id="18704430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704430" title="Boocock">
Boocock

Boocock is a surname of English origin. At the time of the British Census of 1881 [http://www.britishsurnames.co.uk/surnames/BOOCOCK/1881census], its frequency was highest in Yorkshire (8.0 times the British average), followed by Lancashire and Northumberland. In all other British counties its frequency was below national average. The name Boocock may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704435" title="Luis Conte">
Luis Conte

Luis Conte (born 16 November 1954) is a Cuban percussionist.
Early years.
As a child in Cuba, Conte began his musical odyssey playing the guitar. However, he soon switched to percussion, and that has remained his mode since.
He was sent to Los Angeles by his parents in 1967, in order to prevent him from being forced to serve in the Cuban military. This was a turning point in Conte's life, as the musical community in Los Angeles during this period was vibrant. It was during this time that he studied at Los Angeles City College.
Musical career.
Conte proved himself versatile musically, and by 1973, he was playing regularly in local clubs. He quickly became a busy studio musician, and throughout the 1970s, he played in the Latin fusion band Caldera.
In the 1980s, Conte toured with several different musicians, including Madonna, guitarist Al Di Meola, and Andy Narell. His debut as a bandleader came in 1987, when he released "La Cocina Caliente", which included a Latinized version of Chopin's "Susarasa". Conte also played percussion on the Pat Metheny Group release 'We Live Here', in 1995, as well as I Mother Earth's first two albums "Dig" (1994) and "Scenery and Fish" (1996).
Recently, Conte has toured as part of James Taylor's "Band of Legends." He has also played alongside such famed musicians as Alex Acuña, Jaguares, Larry Klimas, and David Garfield, both as a bandleader and a sideman.
Luis Conte was part of Phil Collins 1997 "Dance into the Light" tour and 2004 "First Farewell Tour", performing in both of them Afro-Cuban percussion and adding more depth into the concert songs.
In 1999 Conte collaborated in Maná MTV Unplugged project.
In 2009 worked together with Sergio Vallín in his "Bendito Entre Las Mujeres" album.

</doc>
<doc id="18704436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704436" title="John Wilkinson (Worcestershire cricketer)">
John Wilkinson (Worcestershire cricketer)

John William Wilkinson (20 April 1892–3 August 1967) was an English cricketer who played a single first-class game, for Worcestershire in 1927. His only achievement in the match, played against Lancashire at Dudley, was to bowl Ernest Tyldesley.

</doc>
<doc id="18704439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704439" title="Casualty (series 23)">
Casualty (series 23)

The twenty-third series of the British medical drama television series "Casualty" commenced airing in the United Kingdom on BBC One on 13 September 2008, and concluded on 1 August 2009.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18704441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704441" title="Ionikos N.F. B.C.">
Ionikos N.F. B.C.

Ionikos N.F. B.C. is a Greek professional basketball club that is based in Nea Filadelfeia, a suburb of Athens, Greece. The club's full name is Ionikos Neas Filadelfeias Basketball Club (English: Ionian Nea Filadelfeia). The basketball club is a part of A.S. Ionikos Neas Filadelfeias.
History.
Ionikos N.F. played in the Greek Basket League from 2001 to 2005. In 2004, Ionikos moved to Amaliada, Greece and was named "Ionikos N.F. Amaliada", but the team returned to Nea Philadelphia at the end of the season. In the 2003-04 season, Ionikos played in the Eurocup, and in the 2004-05 season, Ionikos played in the EuroChallenge.

</doc>
<doc id="18704448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704448" title="Esmeralda–Yaruroan languages">
Esmeralda–Yaruroan languages

Esmeralda–Yaruro or Takame–Jarúroan, is a proposed connection between two unclassified languages of Venezuela, Yaruro (Llaruro, Pumé, Yuapín), 6000 speakers, and the extinct Esmeralda (Esmeraldeño, Takame). They would be only distantly related, but Kaufman (1990) finds the connection convincing, and Campbell & Grondina (2012) believe it worth exploring.

</doc>
<doc id="18704455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704455" title="Irus (genus)">
Irus (genus)

Irus is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae, the venus clams.

</doc>
<doc id="18704464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704464" title="Schmeissneria">
Schmeissneria

Schmeissneria is a possible early angiosperm recorded from the Lower Jurassic of Europe and the Middle Jurassic of China, traditionally included in the Ginkgophyta.

</doc>
<doc id="18704470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704470" title="John Wilkinson (Gloucestershire cricketer)">
John Wilkinson (Gloucestershire cricketer)

John Wilkinson (1876–1948) was an English cricketer who played ten first-class matches for Gloucestershire. Eight of these came in the period between 1899 and 1902, but after a long gap he played two more games in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="18704489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704489" title="Babylonian War">
Babylonian War

The Babylonian War was a conflict fought between 311–309 BC between the Diadochi kings Antigonus I Monophthalmus and Seleucus I Nicator, ending in a victory for the latter. The conflict ended any possibility of restoration of the empire of Alexander the Great, a result confirmed in the Battle of Ipsus. It also marked the infancy of the Seleucid Empire by giving Seleucus control over the eastern satrapies of Alexander's former empire.
Preliminaries.
After the death of Alexander the Great on 11 June 323 BC, his empire disintegrated. Officers who were trying to save it were defeated during the First War of the Diadochi. During the Second War of the Diadochi, the power of Antigonus I Monophthalmus, who had created a state of his own in Anatolia and Syria, was growing; this caused alarm among the other generals, but in the Third War of the Diadochi, Antigonus managed to keep Ptolemy I Soter of Egypt and Cassander of Macedon in check. In December 311, the warring parties concluded the Peace of the Dynasts, and recognized each other. The only ruler who was excluded was Seleucus I Nicator. Antigonus had expelled Seleucus, satrap of Babylonia, in 316, but Ptolemy had given him an army, which he now used to return to his satrapy.
Campaigns.
Seleucus, reinforced with Macedonian veterans from Harran, reached his former capital Babylon in the second half of May 311. He was soon recognized as the new ruler. Only the fortress remained occupied by a garrison loyal to Antigonus. Seleucus now built a dam in the Euphrates and created an artificial lake; in August, he suddenly broke the dam, and a flood wave destroyed the walls of the fortress.
Antigonus' satraps in Media and Aria, Nicanor and Euagoras, now decided to intervene with an army of 10,000 infantry and 7,000 horsemen, but Seleucus and an army of 3,000 infantry and 400 cavalry had been waiting for them near the Tigris since September 311. By hiding his men in one of the marshes and attacking by night, Seleucus was able to defeat the Macedonian soldiers in the army of Nicanor and Euagoras, after which the Iranian soldiers decided to side with the ruler of Babylonia (November 311). Without any problems, Seleucus could move through the Zagros Mountains, occupy Ecbatana (the capital of Media), and continue to Susa (the capital of Elam). He now controlled southern Iraq and the greater part of Iran.
News of the defeat of Nicanor and Euagoras must have reached Antigonus at about the time of his signing the Peace of the Dynasts (December 311). He ordered his son Demetrius Poliorcetes to restore order; he arrived in the early spring of 310, when Seleucus was still in the east. Although Demetrius managed to enter Babylon, he was not able to cope with the resistance that Seleucus' adherents were able to organize, and he returned to Syria without having achieved his goal. His father Antigonus tried again in the autumn of 310, and also managed to enter Babylon, but was forced to leave the city in March 309. Returning to the northwest, he met the army of Seleucus, who ordered his soldiers to have their meal during the night, attacked Antigonus' soldiers while they were having breakfast, and won a decisive victory.
Significance.
Antigonus retreated and accepted that Babylonia, Media, and Elam belonged to Seleucus. The victor now moved to the east and reached the Indus valley, where he concluded a treaty with Chandragupta Maurya. The Mauryan emperor received the eastern parts of Selucid Empire which included Afghanistan,Pakistan and west India and gave Seleucus a formidable force of five hundred war elephants. By adding all of Iran and Afghanistan, Seleucus became the most powerful ruler since Alexander the Great. Restoration of Alexander's Empire was, after the Babylonian War, no longer possible. This outcome was confirmed in the Fourth War of the Diadochi and the Battle of Ipsus (301).
Sources.
Our knowledge is based on Diodorus Siculus, "World History", 19.90-93 and 19.100. He discusses Seleucus' battle against the satraps and Demetrius and offers plausible numbers for the armies, but ignores the campaign of Antigonus. This is described in one of the contemporary Babylonian Chronicles, the Chronicle of the Diadochi (= ABC 10 = BCHP 3), which also offers the chronological framework. Since the publication of this cuneiform tablet, now in the British Museum, our understanding of this conflict has much increased.

</doc>
<doc id="18704504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704504" title="List of awards and nominations received by Maggie Smith">
List of awards and nominations received by Maggie Smith

This is the list of awards and nominations received by Dame Maggie Smith, whose acting career in motion pictures, television, and on stage spans over 60 years. Among her major awards, Smith has won two Oscars, five BAFTAs plus two Honorary BAFTAs, three Emmys, a Tony and an Honorary Olivier award. Other significant awards included three Golden Globes, three Screen Actors Guild Awards and nine critics awards. She holds the record for the most Lead Actress BAFTA Film Award wins with four. Smith is one of the few actresses to have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting, which is competitive Academy Award, Emmy Award and Tony Award wins. Overall in her career to date she has won 49 awards from 127 nominations.
Other honors.
Smith was appointed a Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1970 and was raised to Dame Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (DBE) in 1990 New Year Honours.
In 1971, Smith was conferred an honorary Doctor of Letters (DLitt) by University of St Andrews.
In 1986, she was awarded an honorary Doctor of Letters (DLitt) from the University of Bath. In 1995, Smith received an honorary Doctor of Letters (DLitt) from the University of Cambridge.
She was awarded with the Shakespeare Prize by the Hamburg Alfred Toepfer Foundation in 1991.
Smith was made a Fellow of the British Film Institute in recognition of her outstanding contribution to film culture in 1992.
She was elected to the American Theatre Hall of Fame in 1994.
Smith has a star on the London Avenue of Stars.
In April 10, 1999, Smith received the William Shakespeare Award for Classical Theatre (The Will Award) presented by the Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C. in recognition of her significant contribution to classical theatre in America.
In September 10, 2012, she was honoured with the Stratford Shakespeare Festival’s Legacy Award. She accepted the award, presented to her by Christopher Plummer, in a star-studded ceremony at the Fairmont Royal York Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="18704509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704509" title="Van Dyne, Wisconsin">
Van Dyne, Wisconsin

Van Dyne is an unincorporated census-designated place in the town of Friendship, in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population is 279. The road traveling north-south through the community was part of the Yellowstone Trail and later Wisconsin Highway 175; it is now a county highway.
The community was first platted by Daniel Van Duyne in 1866, and was a stop for a railroad between Fond du Lac and Oshkosh. A post office was established in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="18704516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704516" title="Geghanist">
Geghanist

Geghanist may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704530" title="Sticker, Cornwall">
Sticker, Cornwall

Sticker () is a former mining village in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It lies in the parish of St Mewan. The nearest town is St Austell three miles (4.5 km) to the north-east.
Great Hewas Mine.
In 1785, Sticker was described as "a new place" and it was a settlement for workers in the Great Hewas Mine on its western outskirts. Great Hewas was worked in the 18th century, a 45-inch Boulton & Watt pumping engine was installed in the 1790s. By the 19th century, the mine employed over 250 people, producing not only tin, but copper, lead, and some silver. Two smaller mines to the west, Ventonwyn and Hewas Water, worked alongside Great Hewas. The last of these mines ceased production in 1926, though the chimney of Ventonwyn engine house is still a local landmark.
Village history.
John Wesley, founder of Methodism, preached at Sticker in August 1785, when the Methodist theologian Adam Clarke was one of the circuit ministers for the village. A Methodist chapel in Lower Sticker was built by miners in their spare time in 1836. A second chapel was built in Sticker in 1876.
An Anglican church was designed by architect George Edmund Street in 1848/49, but was never built. The current St Mark's Mission Church designed by James Piers St Aubyn opened in 1877. St Mark's is a chapel of ease for the parish church at St Mewan.
One of the oldest establishments in the village is the Hewas Inn, formerly the Great Hewas Inn, which was rebuilt in 1825 and is now a Grade II listed building.
The village today.
Since the 1960s, large numbers of bungalows and housing estates have been built in and around the village, which is within commuting distance of St Austell and Truro. As a result, Sticker now has around 450 homes, a population of about 1150 and an electorate of around 850. It has a shop and post office and a regular bus service to St Austell, Truro and the surrounding villages. The village hall is maintained and run by Sticker Village Association. St Mark's church and the Methodist chapel have community halls.
David Tremlett, the conceptual artist, was born in Sticker.

</doc>
<doc id="18704532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704532" title="1969–70 Oakland Seals season">
1969–70 Oakland Seals season

The 1969–70 Oakland Seals season was the Seals' third season in the NHL. They qualified for the Stanley Cup playoffs for the second year in a row, and were again eliminated in the first round. It was the last time the Seals qualified for the playoffs.
Player stats.
Skaters.
"Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in Minutes"
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Seals. Stats reflect time with the Seals only. ‡Traded mid-season
Goaltenders.
"Note: GP = Games played; TOI = Time on ice (minutes); W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals sgainst; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average"
Transactions.
The Seals were involved in the following transactions during the 1969–70 season:
Playoffs.
The Seals qualified for the playoffs and went against Pittsburgh in a best of seven series and got swept in 4 games, or 0-4.

</doc>
<doc id="18704592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704592" title="West Park Oval">
West Park Oval

West Park Oval is an Australian Rules football, cycling and athletics venue located on the shores of Bass Strait in Burnie, Tasmania.
It is the current home of the Burnie Dockers in the Tasmanian State League and previously in the NTFL and in the original TFL Statewide League.
History.
West Park Oval was also home of the former Cooee Football Club (later renamed Burnie Hawks in 1987 and the former Burnie Tigers Football Club in the North West Football Union (NWFU) and later of the NTFL until both clubs amalgamated in early 1994.
The ground hosted five Tasmanian State Grand Finals between 1961 and 1978, including the final State Premiership decider held in 1978, and was also the site of some of Tasmanian football's most infamous matches.
During an NWFU match in 1936 a hurricane hit West Park in the final quarter of a match between Burnie Tigers and Penguin, and as players were unable to keep their feet in the blinding rain and wind, many lay flat in the mud as there was great panic in the crowd as the hurricane threatened to demolish the Main Stand. Burnie (finishing the match with eleven men on the field) won 8.10 (58) to Penguin (who finished with six men on the field) 2.5 (17).
Arguably, Tasmanian football's most controversial match was the 1967 Tasmanian State Premiership Final between Wynyard and North Hobart, where hundreds of Wynyard fans invaded the field and tore down the goalposts as North Hobart's Dickie Collins went back to take a kick after the siren with Wynyard leading by one point. Umpires, players, team officials and police attempted to clear a path for Collins to take his kick, but Collins was eventually escorted from the ground under police protection, taking the match ball with him as a souvenir. The Tasmanian Football League declared the match a "no result" and withheld the 1967 State Premiership.
In 1967, a ground record crowd for a football match of 12,951 attended an exhibition match between the North Western Football Union representative team and the defending Victorian Football League premiers, . St Kilda 35.27 (237) defeated NWFU 13.7 (85).
In 1996, visiting side Hobart became the first side in the TFL in 38 years not to register a goal in a senior match, managing a paltry 0.5 (5) against the Burnie Dockers and losing by 97 points in atrocious conditions. 
The lowest attendance ever recorded at a TFL final was recorded at West Park in atrocious weather conditions in 1997 where only 1,010 braved the elements to see the Burnie Dockers defeat Clarence 14.4 (88) to 2.8 (20) in the Qualifying Final (the two sides would meet again three weeks later in the Grand Final at North Hobart Oval and fight out a 38-goal thriller, with Clarence turning the tables on the hapless Dockers). 
It hosted AFL pre-season practice matches in the early 1990s, with over 12,000 attending the Carlton v St Kilda match in 1991. 
West Park was the first Tasmanian football venue to install lights for night football, the first night match was played between Tasmania and the Australian Capital Territory (ACT) in a Foster's NFL Shield match on 9 June 1989 where the visiting team won by 14 points in wet and cold conditions. 
It became the first ground to host a night match in TFL history on 15 May 1993 when Burnie Hawks defeated coastal-rival Devonport by 51 points.
West Park is also the home of the Burnie Athletics Club and the ground hosts the Burnie Gift each year.
In 1977 cyclist Danny Clark staged one of the most memorable moments in Tasmanian sporting history when he surged from the rear of the pack, 100m behind on the final lap to scream home to take out the 1977 Burnie Wheel before almost 15,000 screaming fans on 1 January 1977. The legendary call of the finish of the race by North West Coastal sporting identity Harold 'Tiger' Dowling is etched in Coastal sporting folklore with his simple call of "Danny Clark... Danny Clark... Danny Clark... Dannyyyyyyy Claaaaaaaark!!!"
West Park has three grandstands, the 1926 built Burnie Athletic Club Memorial Stand on the Bass Strait side of the ground, an open stand on the opposite wing opened during the 1960s and the newly built The Point members pavilion opened in 2009.
A State cricket match between Tasmania and New South Wales was held at the venue on 4 December 2010. 
After losing the toss Tasmania were put in and scored 189 in the hybrid one-day format. New South Wales won by 7 wickets. The crowd was 4552, the highest crowd at the venue since the former TFL Statewide League. The match was played under foggy but clearing skies to a fine 26 degrees. Glenn McGrath was a special guest at the match. Since the small boundary towards the Southern End is approximately 70 metres, Phil Hughes hit a ball onto the Bass Highway to the delight of the crowd. The ground is scheduled to hold another List A match in November 2011 between Tasmania and South Australia in the 2011–12 Ryobi One-Day Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18704600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704600" title="2002 Tata Open – Singles">
2002 Tata Open – Singles

Michal Tabara was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Dennis van Scheppingen. 
Guillermo Cañas won in the final 6–4, 7–6(7–2) against Paradorn Srichaphan.

</doc>
<doc id="18704602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704602" title="Sechura–Catacao languages">
Sechura–Catacao languages

Sechura–Catacao is a proposed connection between the small Catacaoan language family of Peru and the language isolate Sechura (Sek). The languages are extremely poorly known, but Kaufman (1990) finds the connection convincing, Campbell & Grondona (2012) persuasive.

</doc>
<doc id="18704604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704604" title="2008 Spa 24 Hours">
2008 Spa 24 Hours

The 2008 Total 24 Hours of Spa was the fifth round of the 2008 FIA GT Championship season. It took place at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium, on 2 – 3 August 2008.
Half-point Leaders.
In the FIA GT Championship (using the GT1 and GT2 classes), the top eight teams at the six hour mark as well as the midway point of the race are awarded points towards the championship. Points for the top eight go in the order of 5 – 4 – 3 – 2.5 – 2 – 1.5 – 1 – 0.5.
Race results.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="18704624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704624" title="Véronique Genest">
Véronique Genest

Véronique Genest (born 26 June 1957) is a French actress. She was born Véronique Combouilhaud in Meaux, Seine-et-Marne. She is principally known for her lead role in the French television series "Julie Lescaut".

</doc>
<doc id="18704637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704637" title="Philippe-Charles, 3rd Count of Arenberg">
Philippe-Charles, 3rd Count of Arenberg

Philippe-Charles d'Arenberg (October 18, 1587 in Barbancon – September 25, 1640 in Madrid) was the third sovereign prince of Arenberg and 6th Duke of Aarschot.
He was the son of Charles de Ligne, 2nd Prince of Arenberg and Anne de Croy, daughter of Philipe de Croÿ, Duke of Aerschot.<br>
He was named Duke of Aarschot in 1616, and attained the highest honors in the Habsburg Netherlands, including the Order of the Golden Fleece.
He fell from grace in 1634, and spent the last six years of his life under house arrest in Madrid. The arrest occurred while he was on a diplomatic mission in Spain. Charged with requesting Philip IV to grant the States General of the southern Netherlands the power to negotiate a truce or peace with the United Provinces, Aarschot was sent to Spain in December 1633 as the highest-ranking member of the nobility of Brabant. Although initially received with great consideration by Philip IV, he was denounced four months after his arrival, accused of participating in the 1632 conspiracy to overthrow Spanish rule in the Netherlands. While admitting knowledge of the plot, he denied involvement in it and maintained his innocence. Despite letters from the Archduchess Isabella written on his behalf, Aarschot was imprisoned for some months before being placed under house arrest, in December 1634. Three years later his wife and eldest son joined him, but they were not allowed to reside in his quarters. Aarschot's depressing and restrictive circumstances brought on a debilitating disease, to which he succumbed in 1640. Shortly before his death, Philip IV sent word that his case was under review and a favorable outcome was expected; the duke was too ill to rally, however, and he died the day after receiving the king's message.
Art Collector.
Philippe-Charles d'Arenberg was a great art-collector and purchased paintings from artists like Paul de Vos, Frans Snyders, Gaspar de Crayer, and Salomon Noveliers, court painter to the archdukes in Brussels. The best known of several Rubens paintings that Arenberg owned was the Wolf and Fox Hunt, believed to be the work today in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art. The duke of Aarschot was also responsible for the acquisition of Rubens's late Martyrdom of St. Andrew for the Flemish Hospital in Madrid, where it still remains today.
Marriage and children.
He married three times:
and had nine children, two sons and seven daughters.
The sons were :

</doc>
<doc id="18704660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704660" title="Reality mining">
Reality mining

Reality mining is the collection and analysis of machine-sensed environmental data pertaining to human social behavior, with the goal of identifying predictable patterns of behavior. It was declared to be one of the "10 technologies most likely to change the way we live" by "Technology Review Magazine".
Reality mining studies human interactions based on the usage of wireless devices such as mobile phones and GPS systems providing a more accurate picture of what people do, where they go, and with whom they communicate with rather than from more subjective sources such as a person's own account. Reality mining is one aspect of digital footprint analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="18704667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704667" title="Wamo–Chapakura languages">
Wamo–Chapakura languages

Wamo–Chapakúra is a proposed connection between the largely extinct Chapacuran language family and the otherwise unclassified language Wamo. Kaufman (1990) finds the connection convincing.

</doc>
<doc id="18704669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704669" title="Im Tae-Hoon">
Im Tae-Hoon

Im Tae-Hoon (born September 28, 1988 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean relief pitcher who plays for the Doosan Bears in the Korea Baseball Organization. He bats and throws right-handed.
Amateur career.
Im attended Seoul High School in Seoul, South Korea. In 2006, he was selected for the South Korea national junior team that won the gold medal at the 2006 World Junior Baseball Championship in Cuba. Im pitched 5 shutout innings, struck out 9, and allowed only 2 hits to win over Panama in the preliminary round. He started another preliminary match against Australia, and allowed 2 runs over 4.1 innings.
Professional career.
Im debuted with the 2007 Doosan Bears. In his first KBO season, he pitched 101.1 innings with 7-3, a save, 20 holds (the league's runner-up), 93 strikeouts and a 2.40 ERA. Im eventually won the Rookie of the Year award.
In July 2008, Im was named as a member of the 2008 South Korea Olympic national baseball team together with the fellow 2006 World Junior Baseball champion Kim Kwang-Hyun. However, Im, who gave up six earned runs in six innings in his last five KBO games, also struggled during an exhibition game against the Netherlands Olympic team in Seoul on August 3, and on the next day he was finally replaced with Yoon Suk-Min of the Kia Tigers by Team Korea manager Kim Kyung-Moon.
Im finished the 2008 KBO season as a setup man with a 6-3 record and a 3.41 ERA with 6 saves, 14 holds (5th in the league) and 83 strikeouts (13th in the league) in 83 innings pitched.
In March 2009, Im earned a late slot on the South Korea national baseball team for the 2009 World Baseball Classic, replacing Hwang Doo-Sung three days before the start of the WBC. Im, the youngest player on the Korean roster, appeared in 2 games against Japan and Chinese Taipei, and pitched 3.1 innings, allowing one run and five hits.

</doc>
<doc id="18704670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704670" title="Comparison of domestic robots">
Comparison of domestic robots

Domestic robots can vary widely in their capabilities and tasks. Sensors include: cliff or stair sensors, motion sensors, ultrasonic object sensors, dirt sensors, IR sensors, and more. Intelligence varies also. Some have none while others can map out their environment and maneuver using complex algorithms.
Preliminary information.

</doc>
<doc id="18704675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704675" title="Ali Salmani">
Ali Salmani

Ali Salmani (, born May 10, 1979) is an Iranian footballer.
Club career.
Club Career Statistics.
Last Update 19 October 2010 

</doc>
<doc id="18704676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704676" title="Israel Zviti">
Israel Zviti

Israel Zviti (, born 15 January 1980) is a retired Israeli footballer who now works as the fitness coach of the youth team of Beitar Tubruk.

</doc>
<doc id="18704678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704678" title="Huntsmen's Guard Regiment">
Huntsmen's Guard Regiment

Huntsmens' Guard Regiment may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="18704680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704680" title="Lydd-on-Sea Halt railway station">
Lydd-on-Sea Halt railway station

Lydd-on-Sea Halt was a railway station which served the modern village of Lydd-on-Sea in Kent, England. The station opened in 1937 and closed in 1967.
History.
Prompted by holiday camp development in the area, the Southern Railway decided in 1937 to realign its branch line to New Romney (which had been opened in 1884) closer to the sea and to open two intermediate stations - Lydd-on-Sea and Greatstone-on-Sea. The opening of Lydd-on-Sea on 4 July 1937 coincided with the closure of Dungeness station to passengers; it was intended that Lydd-on-Sea, ½-mile from Dungeness, would serve both locations and its running in board read ""Lydd-on-Sea (for Dungeness)"".
To handle the expected flow of holiday traffic, the station was equipped with a long curved island platform with a passing loop on which was perched a small wooden shed. The traffic never materialised and the station was downgraded to an unstaffed halt on 20 September 1954 when its passing loop was also lifted. As passenger traffic dwindled and freight became insignificant, the New Romney branch fell into decline and was listed for closure in the Beeching Report. In 1966 the Minister of Transport Barbara Castle announced her intention of closing the Appledore to New Romney Branch and passenger services ceased on 6 March 1967. 
Present day.
Although the trackbed from Romney Junction towards New Romney is easily traceable, nothing remains of Lydd-on-Sea Halt today except for a gated concrete approach road from Kerton Road . The island platform was demolished at some point after 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18704697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704697" title="Burkhalter">
Burkhalter

Burkhalter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Fictional characters:

</doc>
<doc id="18704701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704701" title="Felix Fleischner">
Felix Fleischner

Felix G. Fleischner, MD (July 29, 1893, Vienna – August 1969) was an Austrian-American radiologist from Boston. The Fleischner Society for thoracic imaging and diagnosis is named after him.
Biography.
Felix Fleischner was born in Vienna. He became an expert in the field of radiology, and most of his work centered on the chest -ray. He served as professor and head of radiology of the Second Medical Clinic of the University of Vienna.
Fleischner moved to Boston after Austria was annexed by Germany in 1938. He worked at Massachusetts General Hospital and then became the first full-time radiologist at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston in 1942. He was a faculty member at the Harvard Medical School. Fleischner published 251 scientific papers in his lifetime; he published 164 of them after moving to the United States.
Fleischner died of a heart attack while he was swimming in August 1969.
Fleischner Society.
Before his death, Fleischner had been invited to a meeting of radiologists to be held in November 1969. The group's focus was to be the study of the radiology of the chest. When the group met, they named themselves the Fleischner Society. As of 2010, the society had 65 active members and 35 additional senior members.

</doc>
<doc id="18704713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704713" title="Carey Mission">
Carey Mission

The Carey Mission was established by Baptist missionary Isaac McCoy among the Potawatomi tribe of American Indians on the St. Joseph River near Niles, Michigan, USA in December, 1822. It was named for William Carey, a noted English Baptist missionary. The Carey Mission’s official nature and reputation made it a headquarters for settlers and a point from which the American frontier was extended.
History.
Lewis Cass, the second governor of the Michigan Territory, signed the Treaty of Chicago on August 29, 1821, with the chiefs of the Ottawa, Chippewa, and Potawatomi nations. The Potawatomi agreed to cede to the United States all the territory lying west and north of the St. Joseph River, and the United States agreed to provide funds for a blacksmith and a teacher, to reside on "one mile square on the south side of the St. Joseph" within a tract that the Potawatomis had reserved for their villages. McCoy, who had previously traveled to Detroit and petitioned Cass to provide funds for Indian missions in the 1821 Treaty, secured the position of teacher.
In December 1822, McCoy and his family, and a group of Indians who had elected to accompany them (32 persons in all), set out for southwestern Michigan. They emigrated from the vicinity of Fort Wayne, Indiana, to a point about a mile west of the present city of Niles, and by the following year they had built six mission houses.
The first school at Carey was opened on January 27, 1823, and originally had 30 Indian pupils. An expedition that visited the mission in June 1823 reported, "The school consists of from forty to sixty children, of which fifteen are females. They are either children of Indians, or half-breed descendants of French and Indian parents; there being about an equal number of each. It is contemplated that the school will soon be increased to one hundred."
In 1824 an agent for Cass reported that the Carey Mission was "a colony firmly settled, numerous, civilized and happy". Fifty densely wooded acres had been cleared and fenced, and workers had raised large amounts of corn, oats, and potatoes. By 1826 over of land had been cleared, and had been planted. 
The mission became a way station for white settlers of the Michigan Territory. McCoy realized that they would soon supplant the native Indians. He wrote: "Our location was so remote from the settlements of white people when we first made it, and the inconveniences of reaching and residing at it so great, that we hoped, at that time, to be able to push forward the work of civilization to a state not much liable to injury by the proximity of white population, before we should be crowded by it."
During the period from 1827 to 1829, southwestern Michigan began to be actively settled, and the Carey Mission declined, as a result of the U.S. policy of Indian removal. In 1827, in the Treaty of St. Joseph, the Potawatomi tribe ceded some of their reserved lands in southwestern Michigan. The treaty stated that its purpose was "to consolidate some of the dispersed bands of the Potawatamie Tribe in the Territory of Michigan at a point removed from the road leading from Detroit to Chicago, and as far as practicable from the settlements of the Whites”. In 1829 McCoy removed to the Thomas station, another mission he had established near the Grand River. The only missionary who remained at Carey was Robert Simerwell. With passage of the Indian Removal Act in 1830, the school at Carey Mission was discontinued, and in 1831 McCoy led a number of the Potawatomi to a new mission in Kansas.
Significance.
The founding of the Carey Mission was, according to Michigan jurist Nathaniel Bacon, "the pioneer step in the way of settlement.” Bacon remarked that in 1822, when the mission was established, the region was considered by European settlers to be dangerous and hostile. Within recent memory were the Battle of Tippecanoe in Indiana and the Battle of Fort Dearborn in Illinois. “Emigration had in a great measure stopped. Very few dared to venture beyond the older settlements, until McCoy boldly entered into the heart of the Indian country, and began his mission school among the Pottawottomies who dwelt on the river St. Joseph. The fact was soon made known throughout Indiana and Ohio, and at once adventurers began to prepare to follow the example of the missionary, who had led the way." 

</doc>
<doc id="18704730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704730" title="Quad City Knock">
Quad City Knock

Quad City Knock is the 1993 debut album by Southern Rap group 95 South. It peaked at #71 on the "Billboard" 200 on the strength of its successful single "Whoot! There It Is", which peaked at #11 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was produced mostly by the production duo of Jay Ski and C.C. Lemonhead, who would go on to form the 69 Boyz and Quad City DJ's.

</doc>
<doc id="18704756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704756" title="Kang Yun-mi">
Kang Yun-mi

Kang Yun-mi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704763" title="Surya Wonowidjojo">
Surya Wonowidjojo

Surya Wonowidjojo (15 August 1923 – 29 August 1985) was an Indonesian businessman.
Wonowidjojo, sometimes spelt Wonowidjoyo, was a Chinese Indonesian (Hokchia totok) born Tjoa Ing Hwie or Tjoa Jien Hwie (; Hokkien: "Chhoà Ûn-hui") in Yinxi (音西), Fuqing in Fujian Province, China. He was the founder of Gudang Garam, a major Indonesian "kretek" (clove cigarette) manufacturer, and father of billionaire Rachman Halim.
Wonowidjojo's family first migrated to Sampang, Madura when Surya was four years old. When his father died, he moved to Kediri, East Java where he worked for his uncle who was a "kretek" manufacturer.
Wonowidjojo founded Gudang Garam in Kediri in 1958 and headed the company until handing control to his son in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18704773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704773" title="Totok">
Totok

Totok is an Indonesian language word, derived from Javanese, meaning "new" or "pure", and is used to describe the usually foreign born and new immigrants of pure blood. The alternative opposite Indonesian word "Peranakan", meaning descendants, is used for settlers that have mixed with indigenous Indonesians. 
"Totok" may refer to full blooded Chinese Indonesians, but is also historically used for full blooded Dutch settlers of the colonial Dutch East Indies. 
In the Dutch East Indies and Dutch Indies literature the word is used to distinguish between full blooded Dutch settlers and the native born and racially mixed settlers called Indo-Europeans or Indos.

</doc>
<doc id="18704781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704781" title="List of solar eclipses in antiquity">
List of solar eclipses in antiquity

This is a list of selected solar eclipses from antiquity.

</doc>
<doc id="18704803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704803" title="Kodak T-MAX">
Kodak T-MAX

Kodak Professional T-MAX Film is a continuous tone, panchromatic, tabular-grain black and white negative film made by Eastman Kodak. It is sold in three speeds: 100 (TMX), 400 (TMY) and 3200 (TMZ). The 100 and 400 speeds are given as ISO numbers, but the 3200 is sold as a multi-speed film.
In early 2002, Kodak replaced their similarly titled Kodak T-MAX Professional Film with Kodak Professional T-MAX Film. There was also a slight change to the packaging. The main difference between the two are in the processing times.
The 3200 speed is actually nominally 800 speed. It has uses in surveillance and other work where it can be given a pushed exposure index between 1600 and 25000. It is also used in X-ray cameras in high-neutron environments where CCDs are unviable due to noise induced by neutron impacts, such as the National Ignition Facility.
On October 1, 2012, Kodak announced the discontinuation of Kodak Professional T-MAX p3200 film due to the high expense of manufacturing it for only a limited user demand. 
Student/Art Photography.
100 speed TMax is a very small-grained film that produces very black high-contrast high-detail negatives. For this reason it is commonly used for student film photography and artists use it to produce good black and white negatives.

</doc>
<doc id="18704809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704809" title="Alzheimer type II astrocyte">
Alzheimer type II astrocyte

The Alzheimer type II astrocyte is a pathological type of cell in the cerebral cortex of brain. Alzheimer type II astrocytes are present in hepatic encephalopathy and Wilson's disease. Alzheimer type II astrocytes are enlarged astrocytes with vesicular nuclei and basophilic nucleoli, which appear to be metabolically hyperactive. They are not associated with Alzheimer's disease.

</doc>
<doc id="18704824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704824" title="Megaphone (disambiguation)">
Megaphone (disambiguation)

Megaphone could mean the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18704833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704833" title="Kang Yun-mi (gymnast)">
Kang Yun-mi (gymnast)

Kang Yun Mi (born February 11, 1988) is a North Korean artistic gymnast. She is a vault specialist. She is the 2003 World silver medalist on the vault. She represented North Korea at the 2004 Summer Olympics and placed 5th on the vault in event finals. She was one of the few gymnasts to perform the very difficult Amanar vault.

</doc>
<doc id="18704839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704839" title="Butchart">
Butchart

Butchart is a surname that refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18704845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704845" title="Kowloon Nine Heads Rodeo Show">
Kowloon Nine Heads Rodeo Show

Kowloon -Nine Heads Rodeo Show- (九龍-Nine Heads Rodeo Show-) is the fifth maxi single by Japanese band Alice Nine. It was released on January 25, 2006. The single was released in two versions: the limited edition of the single includes a DVD containing the music video for the titular track, and the regular edition includes a bonus track.
The title track was later released on the band's first album, "Zekkeishoku."
It is one of the band's most popular live tracks and has been played on every tour since the release of Zekkeishoku

</doc>
<doc id="18704863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704863" title="Cazadores de Montaña">
Cazadores de Montaña

Cazadores de Montaña can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="18704901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704901" title="Hotchkiss v. Greenwood">
Hotchkiss v. Greenwood

Hotchkiss v. Greenwood, , was a United States Supreme Court case. It was the first US Supreme Court case to introduce the concept of non-obviousness as patentability requirement in United States patent law.

</doc>
<doc id="18704911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704911" title="Veterinarius">
Veterinarius

A veterinarius was a soldier in the Roman army who served as a veterinary surgeon. 
Their job was to care for the multitude of animals attached to an individual military unit: cavalry horses, beasts of burden, animals used for sacrifice or animals used for food.
Because they had a specialist task to perform that would have required training and above-average intelligence, the soldiers who were "veterinarii" were given the status class of "immunis", soldiers who held "immunitas" from ordinary duties as they had special tasks of their own to fulfil. As such they are listed within the group of soldiers classified as immunes in Publius Tarruntenus Paternus’ "De Re Militari".
The title of "pecuarius" (or sometimes "pequarius") is also associated with the veterinary service, though the exact distinction between the duties of a "veterinarius" and a "pecuarius" are uncertain. Paternus does not mention the title in his list of "immunes" which, unless he is grouping all animal workers together under the term "veterinarii", they were of lower importance.
It can be speculated that the "veterinarius" was concerned with the medical care of the animals while the "pecuarius" served in more hand-on roles as assistants. The fact that the "pequarii" are included within the association of soldiers connected with the hospital ("valetudinarium") of Legio III Augusta at Lambaesis would suggest that they had medical responsibilities for the animals and were not just grooms or feeders.

</doc>
<doc id="18704920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704920" title="Warren Row">
Warren Row

Warren Row is a village in Berkshire, England, and part of the civil parish of Hurley.
The settlement lies between the A321 A4 and A4130 roads, and is located approximately south-east of Henley-on-Thames.
It is famous for its chalk pits which were used as an underground factory during World War II.
It contains a green metal war church.

</doc>
<doc id="18704926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704926" title="Megaphone (molecule)">
Megaphone (molecule)

Megaphone is a cytotoxic neolignan obtained from "Aniba megaphylla", a flowering plant of Laurel family which gave the compound its name. Megaphone has also been prepared synthetically.
Studies carried out in the 1960s demonstrated that an alcoholic extract of the ground root of "Aniba megaphylla" inhibited, "in vitro", growth of cells derived from human carcinoma of the nasopharynx. In 1978, the active components of the extract were isolated using silica gel chromatography, characterized and named as megaphone (C22H30O6, solid), megaphone acetate (C24H32O7, oily liquid) and megaphyllone acetate (C23H28O7, oily liquid). For comparison, megaphone acetate was also produced synthetically by reacting megaphone with acetic anhydride at 50 °C for 6 hours. Stirring an alcoholic solution of megaphone (megaphone acetate), with added palladium catalyst, in hydrogen atmosphere, followed by evaporation of the solvent yields tetrahydromegaphone (tetrahydromegaphone acetate) as an oil. Millimeter-sized crystals of megaphone can be grown from an ether-chloroform solution. They have monoclinic symmetry with space group "P"21, lattice constants "a" = 0.8757 nm, "b" = 1.1942 nm and "c" = 1.0177 nm and two formula units per unit cell. Megaphone and megaphone acetate molecules are chiral and the reported extraction and synthesis procedures yielded their racemic mixtures. Megaphone acetate was also isolated from the root of "Endlicheria dysodantha", another plant of Laurel family, using chromatography of ethanolic solution. It showed inhibitory activity against cells of crown gall tumor and human lung, breast and colon carcinomas.

</doc>
<doc id="18704929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18704929" title="Carteia">
Carteia

Carteia was a Phoenician and Roman town at the head of the Bay of Gibraltar in Spain. It was established at the most northerly point of the bay, about halfway between the modern cities of Algeciras and Gibraltar, overlooking the sea on elevated ground at the confluence of two rivers. According to Strabo, it was founded around 940 BC as the trading settlement of "Kʿrt" (meaning "city" in the Phoenician language; compare Carthage and Cartagena). The area had much to offer a trader; the hinterland behind Carteia, in the modern south of Andalusia, was rich in wood, cereals, oranges, lemons, lead, iron, copper and silver. Dyes were another much sought-after commodity, especially those from the murex shellfish, used to make the prized Tyrian purple.
The town's strategic location meant that it played a significant role in the wars between Carthage and the Roman Republic in the 2nd and 3rd centuries BC. It may have been the site of Hannibal's landing with his army and elephants in 237 BC, and in 206 BC the Carthaginian admiral Adherbal retreated there with the remnants of his fleet after being defeated by Gaius Laelius in the Battle of Carteia. Around 190 BC, the town was captured by the Romans.
Roman and medieval period.
Livy records that in 171 BC, the Roman Senate was petitioned by a group of Romano-Spanish people, the sons of Roman soldiers and Spanish women. Although they were of Roman descent they were not regarded as Roman citizens, nor were they allowed to marry Roman citizens. The Senate responded by elevating Carteia to the status of a Roman colony and granting around 4,000 Romano-Spanish people the right to live there and receive a grant of land on a similar basis to Roman colonists. The existing inhabitants were permitted to remain there, while all of the inhabitants were given the right to marry Roman citizens and to carry on trade with Romans. This marked a significant innovation for Rome's overseas colonies; the Carteians were the first outside Italy to receive a civic status known as the Latin Rights, half-way between being a non-citizen provincial and a full Roman citizen. Other cities in Spain were later granted a similar status.
The "Colonia Libertinorum Carteia" (Freedmen's Colony of Carteia) prospered for another 580 years under Roman rule and grew to become a substantial city. It gained its own mint, amphitheatre, temples and port, and played a significant role in late Roman Republican affairs. Pompey made it his western base for his campaign against Mediterranean pirates in 68 BC. His sons Gnaeus and Sextus raised an army there in 45 BC before being defeated by Julius Caesar at the Battle of Munda. While Gnaeus was captured and executed, Sextus escaped via Carteia's port and fled to the Pyrenees.
Little is known of the remainder of Carteia's Roman history, but it appears to have been sacked by the Visigoths around 409 AD, by which time it was probably already in decline. Nonetheless, archaeological evidence shows that urban life continued there into the medieval period. A Visigothic necropolis exists near one of the Roman temples, and Byzantine remains found at the site show its continued occupation when Carteia was incorporated into the Byzantine province of Spania during the 6th-7th centuries. In the 9th century, after the Umayyad conquest of Hispania, Islamic sources referred to the town – which was probably not much more than a village by then – as "Qartayanna" or Cartagena. A tower, known today as the "Torre de Cartagena", was built by the Marinids nearby using stones from the ruined Roman walls.
Rediscovery and current condition.
The site of Carteia was rediscovered by a young British Army officer, John Conduitt, who served in Gibraltar as commissary to the garrison between April 1713 to early 1717. He identified the city as having stood on a hill then known as El Rocadillo, which Richard Ford described in his "A Handbook for Travellers in Spain" (1845):
Conduitt communicated his discovery to the Royal Society in London and was invited to read a paper on Carteia on his return to the capital. He did so on 20 June 1717, with Sir Isaac Newton in attendance as chair. Coincidentally, Newton was also interested in Carteia, as he was in the middle of writing his work "The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms", and he invited Conduitt to his home to discuss the ancient city. It was there that Conduitt met Newton's niece, Catherine Barton. After a whirlwind courtship the two were married on 26 August 1717, though Barton was almost a decade older than Conduitt, albeit still renowned for her beauty.
An early 19th century writer, the anonymous "Calpensis", described how he had "often walked over the site of Carteia, attracted by the rich variety of broken pieces of marble scattered over the fields. Part of the wall enclosing the farm-house was then rudely made up of broken pillars, columns and cornices, of marble of the finest workmanship." Some of the earliest excavations were carried out at the behest of the British; in 1811–12, Vice-Admiral Charles Penrose reached agreement with the estate's owners to allow amateur antiquarians from Gibraltar to "excavate and examine any part of its ground for antiquities." The excavations found the remains of a tessellated Roman pavement, which was thought to belong to a temple, as well as foundations of Roman buildings.
Although the area around Carteia was open farmland in the time of "Calpensis", it is now heavily industrialised. The site of Carteia is surrounded on three sides by an oil refinery. It was not given protection until as late as the 1960s, by which time the necropolis and city gates had been lost to encroaching development. However, the main urban area has been preserved and can be visited. A number of significant structures can still be seen, including the original Carthaginian city gate, a monumental sandstone flight of steps leading down to what was possibly the forum, a large temple, a number of houses and an extensive Roman baths. The 16th century "Torre de Rocadillo" can also be seen. The Carteia Archaeological Museum in San Roque displays archaeological finds from the site.

</doc>
