<doc id="18686230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686230" title="Kukan">
Kukan

Kukan (1941) is a documentary film by Rey Scott about the Chinese resistance to Japanese aggression during the early part of World War II (see Second Sino-Japanese War). The film, subtitled "The Battle Cry of China", was given an Honorary Academy Award. Considered lost for many years, an extant print was located and is in the process of being restored at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Robin Lung is producing a documentary about finding the copy, named "Finding Kukan".
Production Background.
Scott, a St. Louis native and foreign correspondent for London's "Daily Telegraph", took a handheld 16mm camera and color film to war-torn China, where he traveled from Hong Kong to the wartime capital Chongqing, and then along the Burma Road to Lanzhou. From there, he ventured to Tibet, then back to Chongqing. Throughout the film, Scott narrated his journey and detailed various ethnic groups that make up the Chinese population, including the Miao people from the mountains of Guizhou, the Muslim population of Lanzhou, the Buddhist population in Tibet, the nomads from the Gobi Desert and the Han and Manchu populations. 
The final 20 minutes of "Kukan" consists of an aerial attack by Japanese bombers against the defenseless city of Chongqing from August 19-20, 1940. The bombing took up the film's final 20 minutes and showed some of the 200 tons of bombs dropped on the city. Scott captured his footage from a vantage point on the roof of the U.S. Embassy, which was near the center of the attack. Bosley Crowther, reviewing the film for "The New York Times", called the sequence "one of the most awesome bits of motion picture yet seen in this day of frightful news events...somehow this wanton violence appears even more horrible than the scenes we have witnessed of London's destruction."
The film was theatrically released in 1941. "Kukan" received the attention of U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt, who saw the film at a private White House screening.
Scott received an Honorary Academy Award for "Kukan". The award was presented as a certificate rather than as a statuette, and it cited Scott “for his extraordinary achievement in producing "Kukan", the film record of China's struggle, including its photography with a 16mm camera under the most difficult and dangerous conditions.” "Kukan" was one of two non-fiction features about World War II cited by the Academy for its 1941 Oscars, the other being "Target for Tonight", produced by the British Ministry of Information.

</doc>
<doc id="18686233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686233" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Film Score)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Film Score)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Film Score.
1987 Milan Bor
1990 Norbert Jürgen Schneider
1996 Niki Reiser
1997 Nicolette Krebitz, Katja Riemann, Jasmin Tabatabai
2007 Niki Reiser

</doc>
<doc id="18686241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686241" title="Western Hutt">
Western Hutt

Western Hutt was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate from 1969 to 1996.
Population centres.
The main population centre in the electorate was the city of Lower Hutt in the Hutt Valley.
History.
The electorate partly replaced the Hutt seat, which had been held by Trevor Young (who went to the Eastern Hutt seat), and Western Hutt was won in 1978 by John Terris for the Labour Party.
In the 1990 election the seat was won by Joy McLauchlan of the National Party; one of several seats won by National.
In 1996 the seat was replaced by the Hutt South seat, which was won back for Labour by Trevor Mallard.

</doc>
<doc id="18686244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686244" title="USS Niagara (PG-52)">
USS Niagara (PG-52)

The seventh USS "Niagara" (CMc-2/PG-52/AGP-1) was an auxiliary ship of the United States Navy during World War II. 
"Niagara" laid down on 14 November 1928 as the steel-hulled civilian yacht "Hi-Esmaro" by the Bath Iron Works, Maine, launched on 7 June 1929, and delivered on 20 August. She was purchased by the Navy on 16 October 1940 from Mrs. Hiram Edward Manville of New York City. Converted to a coastal minelayer at the New York Navy Yard, and designated CMc-2 on 31 October 1940, the ship was renamed "Niagara", on 12 November 1940, and reclassified as a patrol gunboat, PG-52 on 15 November 1940. She commissioned at New York on 20 January 1941, Lt. Edwin W. Herron in command.
Service history.
Caribbean.
"Niagara" got underway from New York on 4 February 1941 to tend units of Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron 2 operating between Miami and Key West, Florida, and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. She departed Key West on 20 March 1941 for repairs at New York and operations at the Naval Torpedo Station, Newport, Rhode Island during the summer.
Pacific.
"Niagara" stood out from New York on 30 August 1941 en route to Hawaii, via Guantanamo Bay, the Panama Canal, and San Diego, arriving at Pearl Harbor on 9 October to patrol on the Hawaiian Sea Frontier. On 29 November she departed as a unit of the escort of a convoy bound to the Fiji Islands. She was at sea with the convoy when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. The gunboat returned to that port on 15 December, serving as tender to units of Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron 1 until 1 April 1942. 
She then escorted a convoy to San Diego en route Coco Solo, Panama Canal Zone, where she tended torpedo boats and helped to guard the approaches to the Panama Canal. During overhaul in the New York Navy Yard in the summer, she fitted out to serve at Newport, Rhode Island, as a school ship for a training squadron of motor torpedo boats. 
She headed for the Southwest Pacific on 27 November via the Panama Canal and the Society Islands. En route, on 13 January 1943 "Niagara" was reclassified as the Navy's first motor torpedo boat tender and redesignated AGP–1. "Niagara" arrived at Nouméa, New Caledonia on 17 January 1943 and began tending Motor Torpedo Boat Division 23, Squadron 8. She sailed with the division on the 27th and reached her base at Tulagi, Solomon Islands on 17 February. In ensuing months, she tended the motor torpedo boats running security patrols off Guadalcanal.
Attacked at Tulagi.
On 7 April the Japanese raided the Guadalcanal-Tulagi area with 177 planes, of which about 25 were shot down. Two bombs sank the New Zealand corvette . "Niagara", in the thick of the fight, was north of the harbor, moored to the west bank of the Maliali River, heading downstream with minesweeper tied up outboard well aft. Nine enemy planes came up the river, none of them over 150 feet above the water. "Niagara" and "Rail" took them all under fire.
The first plane, already aflame, crashed into trees about 1,000 yards astern of "Niagara". The next two planes escaped, but the fourth rapidly lost altitude in a stream of white smoke to explode behind the hills to the north. The following two raiders passed within 150 yards and attempted to strafe the ship, but their firing was erratic and they wobbled uncertainly as they passed through "Niagara's" heavy fire before crashing into the woods off her port quarter The next two planes sheared up and to the right when taken under fire. One trailed light brown smoke as it disappeared close over the hilltops abaft "Niagara's" port beam. The other passed to starboard and crashed in the hills on her starboard quarter.
Sinking of "Niagara".
On 22 May "Niagara", with Motor Torpedo Boat Division 23, departed Tulagi headed towards New Guinea. The following morning a high-flying Japanese twin-engined monoplane attacked with four bombs. The ship made a tight starboard turn at maximum speed until the bombs were released, then swung ship hard to port. Three near-misses to starboard and one to port damaged "Niagara's" sound gear and the training mechanism of one 3 inch gun and knocked out steering control temporarily. Half an hour later, when steering control had been regained, six more highflying twin-engine planes dropped a pattern of over a dozen bombs. One hit directly on Niagara's forecastle and several were damaging near-misses.
Water rushing through a 14 inch hole 6 feet below her waterline flooded two storerooms, a passageway, and her engine room. All power and lighting failed, and her main engines stopped. Fire below decks forward was out of control, and "Niagara" listed rapidly to port. Her main engine and steering control were restored 7 minutes after the attack. But her increasing list and imminent danger of explosion of her gasoline storage tanks necessitated the order to "abandon ship."
"PT–147" launched a torpedo which struck "Niagara" in the gasoline tanks. She exploded with a sheet of flame 300 feet high, and went down in less than a minute. The motor torpedo boats landed her crew at Tulagi early the next morning.
Awards.
"Niagara" received one battle star for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18686245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686245" title="TacSat-5">
TacSat-5

TacSat-5 is a planned fifth satellite in a series of U.S. military reconnaissance satellites. The project will be managed by the Air Force Research Laboratory in cooperation with the Operationally Responsive Space Office of the Department of Defense. The TacSat satellites are all designed to demonstrate the ability to provide real-time data collected from space to combatant commanders in the field.
In January 2009, AFRL released a Broad Agency Announcement for the development of TacSat-5. At that time, the mission still had not been specified and the bus was to be developed based on AFRL's Plug-and-Play avionics standards.

</doc>
<doc id="18686249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686249" title="Penang State Legislative Assembly">
Penang State Legislative Assembly

The Penang State Legislative Assembly is the state legislature of the Malaysian state of Penang. It is a unicameral institution, consisting of a total of 40 lawmakers.
The unicameral state legislature, whose members are called state assemblymen, convenes at the neoclassical Legislative Assembly building at Light Street. It has 40 seats, 29 of which are held by the Pakatan Rakyat compromising the Democratic Action Party which has 19 seats, nine by Parti Keadilan Rakyat and one by Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party defeating the Barisan Nasional with only 11 seats since the 2008 general elections. It was a sharp reversal from the 38 seats held by BN in the 2004 elections and only the second time since Independence that the state fell into non-BN control, the last being in 1969.
Role.
The Penang State Assembly's main function is to enact legislation and policies relating to the State List and Joint List as defined in the Federal Constitution. Its members also provide oversight on the state's executive branch of government, ensuring the state departments and agencies enforce the aforementioned legislation. Debates in the Assembly are presided over by the Speaker.
The leader of the party or coalition with a majority in the Assembly is appointed Chief Minister by the Governor of Penang. The Chief Minister heads the state's executive, known as the State EXCO, whose members are also drawn from the Assembly.
Committees.
The State Assembly also consists of committees to handle administrative matters. The committees include:

</doc>
<doc id="18686250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686250" title="Camponotus nearcticus">
Camponotus nearcticus

Camponotus nearcticus or smaller carpenter ant is a small black carpenter ant. The queen ant's size can range from . Workers can range from . It looks like "Lasius niger", the black garden ant. This species can be distinguished from other subgenus by little amounts of erect hairs on the gena, limited erect hairs on the clypeal disc and finally by the color which is a concolorous dark brown-black.
Habitat.
This species lives virtually anywhere there is standing decayed wood to support its preferred nesting environment. It could be found in a backyard tree or pristine upland or floodplain forest and is nearly as ubiquitous as the black carpenter ant "Camponotus pennsylvanicus".

</doc>
<doc id="18686280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686280" title="Ko Cheng">
Ko Cheng

Ko Cheng, or Jaya Simhavarman V, was a king of Champa from 1390-1400. During his reign, he abandoned most of the territory won by his predecessor, Che Bong Nga.

</doc>
<doc id="18686304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686304" title="Andreas Reischek">
Andreas Reischek

Andreas Reischek (15 September 1845 – 3 April 1902) was an Austrian taxidermist, naturalist, ornithologist and collector notable for his extensive natural history collecting expeditions throughout New Zealand as well as being notorious for acts of grave robbing there. He added materially to the understanding of the biology and distribution of the New Zealand avifauna.
Early years.
Reischek was born in Linz, Austria. After attending school for a few years he worked as an apprentice to a baker and developed a strong interest in natural history, also becoming skilled in taxidermy. He saw war service in Tyrol in 1866 during the Third Italian War of Independence and also served as a gamekeeper and guide before working as a taxidermist in Vienna. He married Adelheid Hawlicek on 5 May 1875.
New Zealand.
In 1877 Reischek was chosen by Ferdinand von Hochstetter to travel to New Zealand for two years to help set up displays at the Canterbury Museum in Christchurch, then under the directorship of Julius von Haast.
Much of Reischek’s early work in New Zealand centred on the museums in Christchurch, Auckland and Wanganui but, after his initial two year contract was completed, he made several extended collecting expeditions over the next ten years, covering most of New Zealand and its sub-Antarctic islands, collecting biological and ethnographical specimens, including Māori skulls and mummified cadavers robbed from burial sites. On his expeditions he was constantly accompanied by his dog "Caesar", who saved his life on more than one occasion.
Reischek collected not only for museums and private collectors, but also, and primarily, for himself. His ornithological collecting has been subsequently criticised for such reckless actions as shooting 150 specimens of the rare Stitchbird on Little Barrier Island at a time when it had become extinct everywhere else. He was strong, physically fit and a good linguist, becoming fluent in both English and Māori. In 1885 he was elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London.
Later years.
When Reischek returned to Austria in 1889 he took with him a huge personal collection of over 14,000 items. Ornithological specimens alone numbered over 3000, including many of now extinct species such as the Huia, and is one of the most complete in existence of New Zealand's birds. The collection was eventually bought by friends of Reischek and presented to the Imperial Natural History Museum in Vienna.
Two years after his return his wife gave birth to a son, Andreas. In 1892 he was asked to superintend the establishment of the Francis-Caroline Museum in Linz, the town of his birth, where he died in 1902. He is commemorated in the name of Reischek's Parakeet, endemic to New Zealand’s Antipodes Islands.
Bibliography.
Reischek's book about his travels in New Zealand, "Yesterdays in Maoriland", was compiled posthumously by his son from his diaries. It was first published in German in 1924 and was not available in an English translation until 1930.
While in New Zealand Reischek published numerous articles on natural history in "Transactions and Proceedings of the New Zealand Institute" (now the Royal Society of New Zealand):

</doc>
<doc id="18686309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686309" title="Transmitter Location Systems">
Transmitter Location Systems

Transmitter Location Systems, LLC (TLS) is a satellite radio interference geolocation company based in Chantilly, Virginia, U.S.A.
TLS's only business is geolocating the source of satellite radio interference, including one incident when a base in Cuba was accused by United States officials of jamming U.S. satellite broadcasts to Iran. TLS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Interferometrics, Inc., a science and engineering company.
The company's technology was created from early research in radio astronomy. TLS owns several U.S. patents on geolocation technology. It sells and operates a commercial system called TLS NexGen, and provides a 24/7 geolocation service for satellite operators world-wide.
The company also provides various services supporting communications analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="18686317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686317" title="List of gridiron football quarterbacks passing statistics">
List of gridiron football quarterbacks passing statistics

This is a list of gridiron football quarterbacks passing statistics for quarterbacks that have played outdoor professional football in North America. This list includes cumulative statistics by players that have played in the National Football League (NFL), Canadian Football League (CFL), United States Football League (USFL), and United Football League (UFL). Below is a listing of the combined professional football league leaders for passing yards, passing touchdowns, passing completions, and passing attempts. Because indoor football is played on a much shorter field and heavily favors offensive scoring, its records are not included here.
During the 2011 CFL season, Montreal Alouettes quarterback Anthony Calvillo surpassed Damon Allen to become the all-time passing yards leader in professional football league history. Allen broke the previous record held by Warren Moon in 2006. 
Brett Favre surpassed Warren Moon in both passing touchdowns and passing completions during the 2007 NFL season and surpassed Moon in pass attempts during the 2008 NFL season to become the leader in those categories.
Warren Moon and Johnny Unitas are the only gridiron quarterbacks to have held the record of the four major passing categories (passing yards, passing touchdowns, pass completions, pass attempts) at the same time.
All-time outdoor professional quarterback passing statistics.
Note 1: Kurt Warner has 44,931 gridiron passing yards. However, this list consists only outdoor gridiron football. His outdoor gridiron football statistics from his time in the NFL (32,344 passing yards) and his time with the Amsterdam Admirals of NFL Europe (2,101 passing yards) totals 34,445 outdoor gridiron passing yards. He also passed for 10,486 yards as a member of the Iowa Barnstormers of the Arena Football League which is played indoors.
Note 2: Aaron Garcia has over 60,000 gridiron passing yards. However, all of his totals consist entirely indoor gridiron football from the Arena Football League (AFL) and therefore is excluded from this list. Four other AFL players (Mark Grieb, Clint Dolezel, Andy Kelly, Sherdrick Bonner) have amassed over 40,000 gridiron football passing yards which are also excluded from this list since arena football is played indoors.

</doc>
<doc id="18686329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686329" title="Ross Steele">
Ross Steele

Ross Steele AM is an Australian author, academic and Francophile. He has published thirty-four books in French and English on the subjects including French culture, language and the teaching of French language. He has received several awards including Member of the Order of Australia (awarded 2006) and Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur (awarded 1996) and Officier in the Ordre National de la Légion d’Honneur in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18686340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686340" title="Southern Bivouac">
Southern Bivouac

Southern Bivouac was a magazine published between 1882 and 1887. Written by several former Confederate States of America army officers, it featured tales of many of exploits never before told by the men of the Southern army. Along with the "Southern Historical Society Papers", it helped to mold the beginnings of the "Lost Cause" philosophical movement.
History.
"Southern Bivouac" traces its origins to February 7, 1879, the date on which the Southern Historical Society's Kentucky chapter was created by forty-eight former Confederate officers, most prominently General Basil W. Duke. So many individuals wanted to submit papers and speeches during their monthly meetings that by 1882 it was impossible to use them all. In order to make best use of the accumulated material, it was decided in August 1882 to found a magazine, the first issue of which was proposed for publication in September 1882.
Unlike previous Southern magazines, which routinely vilified the hated Yankees, the "Southern Bivouac" was more "conciliatory", although it still praised the valour of the Confederate soldier and the righteousness of the Southern cause. In its first year of publication, 80% of the material was based on the Western Theater of the War, underlining its Kentucky heritage.
The "Southern Bivouac" also tried to discredit some Northern writers. This was best seen in the efforts to discredit biographers of John Brown. Reflecting its time, the magazine also argued that blacks had no self-respect, but would eventually produce their own poets and artists.
By January 1885, the "Southern Bivouac" faced financial troubles. The publishers of "Home and Farm", B. F. Avery and Sons, purchased it in May 1885 and gave operational control of the magazine to Basil W. Duke and Richard W. Knott. The magazine's next issue stressed that the publication would broaden its scope to include the Southern literary tradition rather than just Southern military history. Critics praised the new direction and subscribers rose to 7,500 by the end of 1885. It also became more political, reflecting Knott's input. However, while still being a proponent of the Lost Cause, it was sometimes accused of failing to support those Southern patriots who criticized Reconstruction.
By 1887, the magazine had gained 15,000 readers, but Knott calculated it would need another 10,000 to become profitable. Thus, he sold the magazine to the Century Company, with the last issue being that of May 1887. The Century Company used their new asset for the publication of "Battles and Leaders of the Civil War"

</doc>
<doc id="18686348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686348" title="Che Anan">
Che Anan

Chế Anan was a king of Champa. He was originally from Annam but had reached high military ranks in Champa, and thus succeeded to the throne. After he died, his Cham son-in-law Tra Hoa Bo De succeeded him, causing disturbance in his Annam side of the family, particularly his legitimate heir, Che Mo.

</doc>
<doc id="18686357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686357" title="MightySat-2.1">
MightySat-2.1

MightySat-2.1, also known as P99-1 or Sindri was a small spacecraft developed by the Air Force Research Laboratory to test advanced technologies in imaging, communications, and spacecraft bus components in space.
Design.
MightySat II.1 was manufactured by General Dynamics in a modular approach, using, e.g., VME-based subsystems, and a planar payload deck for small experimental payloads. The satellite measured 0.67m x 0.83m x 0.86m (WxLxH) and had a launch weight of 123.7 kg (Bus Mass: 87.1 kg). Power was provied by 2-axis articulated Si solar arrays with a designed end-of-life power output of 330 W. The Attitude Determination and Control Subsystem featured a 3-axis zero-momentum-bias reaction wheel assembly with a Sun sensor, a star tracker and inertial measurement units, delivering an attitude jitter of 15.7 arcsec/sec, and poiting accuracy and knowledge of 648 and 540 arcsec, respectively. The communication was compatible with the US Air Force Space-Ground Link System with data rates of 1 Mbit/s for payload/experiments data downlink,
2.0 kbit/s for Command uplink, and 20 kbit/s for Telemetry downlink. Computing and data handling was done by a RAD6000 CPU @ 20 MIPS with an IEEE VME backplane 128 MByte CPU RAM, and a 21.6 MBytes/sec transfer rate, and a 2 Gbit Solid State Recorder for Science Data. Among its 10 experiments was a Fourier Transform Hyperspectral Imager.
Mission.
MightSat II.1 ws launched on July 19, 2000 with a Minotaur I. It deorbited in November 2002 due to natural decay of its orbit, exceeding more than twice its nominal lifetime.

</doc>
<doc id="18686359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686359" title="Bloodsworth">
Bloodsworth

Bloodsworth is a surname of English origin. At the time of the British Census of 1881 [http://www.britishsurnames.co.uk/surnames/BLOODSWORTH/1881census], its relative frequency was highest in Nottinghamshire (5.1 times the British average), followed by Lancashire, Derbyshire, Surrey, County Durham and London. In all other British counties, its relative requency was below national average. The name Bloodsworth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18686390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686390" title="Sweet Leaf Tea Company">
Sweet Leaf Tea Company

Sweet Leaf Tea Company is a producer of ready-to-drink organic teas and lemonades made with 100% pure cane sugar, owned by Nestlé and headquartered in the Penn Field Business Park in the South Congress area of Austin, Texas. It was founded in Beaumont, TX in 1998 by Clayton Christopher and David Smith. Sweet Leaf Tea is available in 16 oz recyclable aluminum cans, 16oz glass, 12oz PET and 20oz PET at specialty grocers across the United States.
On April 2, 2008, Sweet Leaf Tea Company announced $18 million in private funding from Catterton Partners. On May 29, 2008, Sweet Leaf Tea Company filed suit against an Arizona-based company for the name of their sweetener, SweetLeaf Stevia. On March 23, 2009, Nestlé Waters North America made a $15.6 million investment in Sweet Leaf Tea. It acquired the rest of the company in 2011.
History.
Sweet Leaf Tea was founded in 1998 in Beaumont, TX by Clayton Christopher, using $10,000 and his grandmother's recipe for home-brewed iced tea made with cane sugar. Christopher was inspired to create the business after returning from a road trip throughout Alabama and Mississippi, where he saw the abundance of homemade iced tea that all the local "mom and pop" restaurants served. He could not find bottled tea on the market that tasted like homemade iced tea and thus decided to make a bottled tea as tasty as the one his grandmother Mimi used to make. In 1999, Christopher's childhood friend David Smith joined him at the company. Early production consisted of brewing tea in crawfish pots in Hen's kitchen, using pillow cases as "tea bags" and; then using garden hoses to transport the tea to plastic bottles.
In March 2009, Nestlé Waters North America invested $15.6 million in the company. In March 2010, Clayton Christopher stepped down as CEO and was succeeded by former Nestle General Manager Dan Costello. 
In April 2010, Sweet Leaf acquired Cincinnati-based Tradewinds Beverage Co.
Products.
Teas
Lemonades
Availability.
Sweet Leaf Tea is available for purchase in convenience stores, restaurants, supermarkets and specialty grocers like Market of Choice, Whole Foods Market, Albertsons, Publix, Piggly Wiggly, Costco, Target, Kroger, The Fresh Market, Wal-Mart and Straub's Markets throughout the United States and online at the bottlers website.
Headquarters.
Sweet Leaf is headquartered in the Penn Field Business Park in the South Congress area of Austin, Texas.
Sweet Leaf originally had its headquarters in Beaumont, Texas. The headquarters moved to Austin in October 2003. In the mid-2000s, Sweet Leaf had its headquarters in an area west of Downtown Austin. In 2007, Sweet Leaf relocated to the South Congress area. In April 2009, the company began to look for a larger headquarters space. In October 2009, Sweet Leaf announced that it planned to move its headquarters to a LEED certified building during that month. In December 2009, the company moved its headquarters to the Penn Field Business Park in South Congress in December of that year. After the move, the company had almost three times the amount of headquarters space that it previously had.

</doc>
<doc id="18686399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686399" title="America's Next Top Model (cycle 12)">
America's Next Top Model (cycle 12)

The twelfth cycle of "America's Next Top Model" premiered on March 4, 2009 and was the sixth season to air on The CW network. The cycle's catch phrase is "Get In The Fold." The cycle's promotional song is Lady Gaga's "The Fame".
The prizes for this cycle are:
The first half of the cycle took place in New York City, moving the show back from Los Angeles last season. The international destination for this cycle is São Paulo, Brazil, the series first visit to South America.
The number of girls was reduced to 13, the first time since Cycle 9, after being maintained at 14 in the last two cycles. This was the last time Paulina Porizkova participated as judge.
The winner was 20-year-old Teyona Anderson from Woodstown, New Jersey. This season averaged 4.35 million viewers per episode.
Episode summaries.
What Happens in Vegas.
"First aired March 4, 2009"
34 semi-finalists arrived at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they were dressed up as "goddesses" and took a profile shot before showing off their walks. Later that night, Tyra arrived dressed up as the "Goddess of Fierce", and told the models that she was looking for a "successor."
Notable interviews included London revealing that she was a street preacher, Allison admitting that she is fascinated by blood, Tahlia showing her burn scars, Kortnie telling the judges that Dale Earnhardt, Jr. used to be her boyfriend, Kathryn disappointing the panel for not knowing five working models, but then impressing them by citing three designers, and Monique confessing that she was a conspiracy theorist. In between interviews, Angelea revealed she had a daughter who died, and that she slept in the Port Authority Bus Terminal just so she could audition.
Later, a first cut was made, and 21 girls remained, each having to portray a certain goddess. During the shoot, Sandra and Angelea bickered, greatly affecting the latter's performance. Tyra then selected the final 13. When Tyra called the thirteenth girl (Sandra), Sandra bumped Angelea as an act of revenge for messing with her, disappointing the eliminated Angelea even further. "(Angelea would audition again in the fourteenth cycle a year later, and was successful in making it to the Top Model house. She also returned for the 3rd time as an all star contestant on .")
Fun and Games.
"First aired March 4, 2009"
After a trip to the rooftop of the Empire State Building, Celia was handed the key to their new Top Model house, who was chosen to choose the first bed. Sandra, placing her personal belongings onto Celia's chosen bed, stirred up conflict in the house until London gave up her own bed. In addition, Isabella discussed her epilepsy and made love to the girls one by one as November Rain played.
The ladies participated in their first fashion show for Abaeté. Sandra only walked half the runway, but never realized it until judging. Tahlia's confidence was crushed when the designer dressed her up fully so as to cover her scars. They later headed to Central Park for their first photo shoot where they brought well-known childhood games to life, portraying "good girls" along with other models who portrayed "bad girls" with the photoshoot aiming to show how girls can grow up too quickly.
In judging, London's photo received unanimously great praise, mainly because she managed to smile wide without looking cheesy and because she found her photographer while also finding her light at the same time. However, her not-so-model presence at the judging panel dragged the judges' choice down a bit. Allison, Celia and Fo also received praise, but Sandra, Isabella, Tahlia, and Jessica struggled to make it work. Near the end, Allison was the first to have her picture displayed as digital art in the house. The bottom two came down to Isabella and Sandra, where, despite Sandra's poor performances on the runway and in the photo shoot, Isabella was eliminated for having a weaker photo and presence.
Do You Light The Way I Look?
"First aired March 11, 2009"
Tyra Mail announced that it was time for makeovers. They arrived at Bergdorf Goodman where the two Jays were waiting for their makeovers; most of the girls were pleased by their new looks, but Fo was visibly affected by the loss of her hair and her presumed femininity. Natalie panicked about getting her hair chopped off, and the stylists humoured her fear, gathering around her and talking about cutting her hair off, very short. However, when Natalie was visibly upset they dropped the charade and told her that in a Top Model first, She was "not" getting a makeover; she was deemed to be sufficiently model-looking the way she was.
That night the girls went to a bar and Sandra caused tension with Aminat, by insinuating that she could get drunk.
The next day, the girls were introduced to their first reward challenge. In teams of three, they had to search the streets of New York for a woman that embodied the spirit of Cover Girl and act as spokesmodels for the brand, as well as help her do her makeup. Team 1 consisting of Aminat, Celia and Sandra won the reward of doing a photo shoot that will be displayed on Walmart.com, despite Sandra's limited contributions to the group.
The week's photo shoot required the girls to direct their own lighting using flashing light sticks. These are the groupings:
Fo's discomfort over her makeover caused her to cry on set, disrupting the shoot. The judges were impressed by Teyona, Celia, Allison, London, and Natalie, but were disappointed with a large majority of the rest for lack of posing "tension." Despite a strong photo, Fo landed in the bottom two because the judges were concerned that she was unable to be a chameleon, but it was Jessica who was sent home for being unable to translate her beauty into photos and for relying too much on being pretty.
New York's Finest.
"First aired March 18, 2009"
The 11 remaining models attended Miss J's Charm School to practice their runway walks. Cycle 9 contestants Bianca and Chantal were there to give advice to the girls. Back at the house, tension arose when Natalie claimed that Tahlia's picture last week was the worst in the entire group. Teyona received a new weave after Tyra admitted in the last panel that it wasn't what she wanted.
The girls were challenged to walk for Jill Stuart, wearing her Spring Collection and carrying large shopping bags. Celia and Natalie's walks stood out, and despite making a mistake by ungracefully twirling on the runway, Natalie won the challenge and received a selection of items from the Jill Stuart collection.
The photo shoot involved posing in groups as different characters in famous Manhattan locations:
Sandra impressed the judges with her stunning profile shot and received the first call out. Aminat, Fo and Tahlia also impressed the judges having their photos being their best so far. In the end, Allison, having disappointed the judges by over-analyzing her shot, landed in the bottom two with Nijah, whom the judges felt she was relying too much on being beautiful to get by in the competition. But the judges felt Allison had more to give, and Nijah was sent home.
Put Your Best Face Forward.
"First aired March 25, 2009"
Tocarra Jones of Cycle 3 visited the girls for a slumber party, and taught them about making an impression with personality. The next day, the models were taught by Benny Ninja how to strike various poses with different genres of music. Most of the girls struggled at the teach, but Natalie and Celia stood out due to their creativity. Later that night the girls were challenged to a pose-off competition, where groups of girls faced off against each other and were judged based on the overall audience response to their individual performances. Celia and Natalie made it to the final round, but it was Celia who won the challenge.
Tahlia's confidence was once again shattered because of the audience's negative reaction during her performance, and she considered quitting the competition. This sparked a series of reactions from some of the girls, especially Celia, who were shocked that she might move on instead of someone who wanted to win more than her.
The weeks's photo shoot had the girls portray old immigrants that traveled to Ellis Island with their families; Benny Ninja was pictured with the girls as the family father. The pictures were taken via old-fashioned cameras, and were thus black-and-white. Tahlia once again expressed her desire to quit in the make-up room, but at panel, her improvement impressed the judges and she received the first call-out. Teyona, Natalie, and Allison also received unanimous praise for their convincing performances conveyed on film. Sandra, despite her poor performances in the challenge and photo shoot, was yet again spared elimination when Kortnie was sent home for not having striking photographs.
Right after Sandra's name was called, Celia went to stand by Kortnie and told Tyra that Tahlia wanted to quit the competition, and that she found it unfair to eliminate other girls with more passion. However, Celia was rebutted by Tyra who said that Tahlia should be the one to express her own feelings, not her. The judges' decision was final and couldn't be further altered.
Here's Your Test.
"First aired April 1, 2009"
The fallout of the previous week's elimination continued to rock the house as the girls returned home, and a divide was created between Aminat, Teyona and Tahlia and the rest of the house, especially between Allison and Aminat whom forged a close friendship which had been severed.
The girls' challenge was to pose using face cut-outs in famous photos of Tyra Banks. Celia was criticised for focusing too much on her body, while London and Natalie excelled. Natalie was ultimately chosen as the winner, and she received 50% more frames at the next photo shoot as her prize. Back at the house later, Tahlia and Celia discussed the previous elimination, with Tahlia expressing her humiliation and disappointment in Celia's behavior. Celia said she did not regret saying what she said, but said humiliating Tahlia was not her intention and apologized, saying she felt sure she would be eliminated at panel.
This week's photo shoot saw the girls taking beauty shots using different colored powders.
At panel, the judges were impressed by Fo and Teyona's photos. Tahlia and Aminat also received positive feedback. Allison received a reprimand from panel for relying on one look in all of her photos, while London, Natalie and Sandra were criticized. Celia was praised for embodying her color and for strong personal style, but the judges were disappointed about her controversial actions last panel. Ultimately Sandra and Celia landed in the bottom two; Sandra for being unable to take a strong front facial shot, and Celia for her "non-beautiful" doings last week. In the end, Celia was spared because of her strong photos, but was warned to "not mess with another girl's money." Sandra was sent home.
Acting Like A Model.
"First aired April 8, 2009"
The girls were taught acting skills by Paulina, which led them to act out a scene with Clay Aiken. Celia and London excelled, while Allison and Tahlia were criticized for holding back too much. London won the challenge, and $5,000 worth of clothing. However, she gave most of her prizes away as she felt she had gained weight and would not be able to fit in the clothes.
Instead of a photo shoot, the girls had a Cover Girl commercial with the aid of a teleprompter. They were split into two groups: Teyona, Allison, Aminat and Celia are in Group 1 and Fo, Natalie, London and Tahlia form Group 2.
At panel, all of the girls received criticism. Celia was praised again for her strong fashion sense although it was pointed out how much older she looked. Teyona was told she was not telegenic. Allison's commercial was criticized, both for her one-note expressions and delivery. On the side Allison was ordered to swap clothes with Teyona, as she was wearing an outfit that she had worn before. Aminat was criticized for clipping words and London was told her performance was lazy. The judges additionally commented on London's weight gain during deliberation. Natalie was told she looked good on film, but was forgettable; Fo stuttered through her commercial and was told that she performed better in the background of other commercials. A similar criticism was also given to London. Tahlia struggled, with the judges commenting that she looked older than her years.
Ultimately, Celia received the first call out for standing out in a batch of weak commercials. Allison and Tahlia landed in the bottom two, with Allison being told she was not versatile, and Tahlia that her low self-esteem held her back. With that, Tahlia was sent home.
Cycle 12 Rewind.
"First aired April 10, 2009"
This is the recap episode. It featured unaired clips such as two verbal altercations between Nijah and Sandra, Celia giving her breakdown of the girls at casting, Allison's drawings (including a nose-bleeding Tyra), a montage of Natalie sleeping, Fo's incessant crying, Sandra's repeatedly reiterating she was there to become America's next top model, Aminat and Teyona stripping on the runway, Sandra's breakdown during Toccara's visit and her reaction to Celia's judging disruption, Kortnie, Allison and Celia making a bird house and more insight into Allison and Celia's friendship. Sandra and Allison arguing. 
Take Me To The Photo Shoot.
"First aired April 15, 2009"
The week's reward challenge had the girls become the creative directors of their competitors' photo shoots as they take pictures for a South Pole Junior advert. Allison impressed Jay with her bubbly personality for the first time, while Aminat's laid back attitude infuriated him as she used too much time on wardrobe and only had four minutes to get Natalie on set. Celia gave good direction but selected a picture where Fo's shoes were cropped out. Teyona's creativity amazed Jay and she was chosen as the winner, and got the opportunity to appear in the June issue of Seventeen magazine, which she shared with Aminat and Celia.
The next morning, Jay visited the girls at their own house and brought in the entire Tyra Banks "glam squad (occasionally featured in some of Tyra's talk show episodes)." R&B superstar Ciara arrived at this week's photo shoot, and the girls had to portray crazed fans of the star tangled up in wires. While Teyona, Fo and Natalie excelled in the shoot, Aminat and Allison struggled to deliver a shot. London's weight gain was too obvious to be ignored, and Jay discussed it with her after her photo shoot, telling her that while she was way too small for plus-size modeling she should watch her eating habits to continue to fit in sample sizes.
A male model appeared at the beginning of panel speaking Portuguese and presented Tyra with a bowl of Brazil nuts, leading her to tell the girls that the six models to survive elimination would be going to São Paulo, Brazil for the rest of the competition. Teyona received the first call out while Aminat and London ended up in the bottom two, each for the first time; Aminat for her bland shot and dead facial expression, and London for not using her conventional beauty well in her photo. In the end, London was eliminated.
The Amazing Model Race.
"First aired April 22, 2009"
Upon arrival in São Paulo, Brazil, the remaining six contestants were greeted by "Brazil's Next Top Model" host Fernanda Motta and raced in pairs to deliver flowers to Helô Pinheiro, "The Girl from Ipanema." Natalie and Fo were the first to arrive and they received US$500 pairs of jeweled Havaiana flip flops as well as the keys to their new home.
The following day, the girls learned the martial art of Capoeira and Celia accidentally kicked Aminat in the face during practice. They were then challenged to perform while attempting to produce a good photograph. Most girls struggled, such as Celia who repeatedly blocked her face, Teyona who did capoeira more than she modeled, and Natalie who didn't push through. Fo's photo was chosen as the best, granting her 50% more frames during the next photo shoot while another contestant of her choice would lose 50%. Fo, still bitter that Teyona did not choose her to share in her reward during the previous episode, chose Teyona to lose half of her frames. Back at the house Fo and Teyona had a fight due to Teyona losing half her frames.
For the week's photo shoot, the models embodied Brazilian icon Carmen Miranda. Allison surprised Jay with her creativity and Teyona excelled despite having only 25 frames. On the other hand, Aminat and Fo struggled to deliver a shot with Jay criticizing Fo as interpreting the Brazilian icon so literally that she lost her model sense.
At panel, Allison's photo received praise for her successful embodiment of the icon and Teyona's photo was deemed as the only "model" shot in the bunch. Despite the good photo, Teyona's wardrobe was criticized while Celia's photo was chastised for not looking fresh. In the end, Natalie was dropped to the bottom two for not having a great portfolio along with Aminat for her lack of expressions in her photos. Shockingly, Natalie was sent home despite a better picture, and Aminat was again spared.
Let's Go See The City.
"First aired April 29, 2009"
The girls met Paulo Borges, the director of São Paulo Fashion Week before being sent on go-sees throughout the city. Despite a high fashion portfolio, Allison's walk was criticized. Aminat's walk was heralded as great whilst Teyona was praised for her face and personality. Fo managed to see all five designers but was chastised heavily for her height and looking too commercial. Celia's age did not sit well with one designer, but compensated for her graceful, elegance walk and sense of style. In the end, Fo managed to book none of her go sees whilst Celia saw the best results, managing to book three out of four go sees. However, both arrived late (Celia by one minute and Fo by 12) and were both disqualified. The rest of the girls flew by helicopter to meet Paulo at the fashion week headquarters. Teyona won the challenge as she was booked by all three of her go-sees, and won clothes from each designer.
For this week's photo shoot, the girls had to pose in small, high fashion swimsuits while standing out on a crowded beach of locals and tourists in Santos. Allison was praised for being able to connect with her surroundings whilst Teyona was noted for being able to understand her angles. Aminat failed to use the potential in her body with her shot coming out stiff, whilst Fo's shot made her look even shorter. Celia, despite again lauded for her strong personal style, was lambasted for being overly-rehearsed during her shoot.
Celia landed in the bottom two for not looking fresh and thinking too much beforehand, whilst Fo joined her for looking short in her photos and booking none of her go sees. In the end, Fo could not compensate for her lack of height and Celia's previous strong shots and personal style won the judges over, and Fo was sent home.
Take Me To The Jungle.
"First Aired: May 6, 2009"
The girls arrived at Águia de Ouro and met Paulina where they learned the steps in samba dance. The next day, they were put to the test and had to create an illusion of having a good time through the dance they learned. Celia managed to relax her face and delivered a convincing performance, winning her jewelry from Ara Vartanian worth over $7,000, which she shared with Allison.
For the week's photo shoot, the girls traveled to the Brazilian jungle where they were dressed as exotic birds sitting in their nests, with Tyra herself as the photographer. Allison's composure on set got praise and Celia was lauded for looking fresh and being creative. On the other hand, Aminat's inability to use her face to catch the light impeded her performance while Teyona struggled against various elements (rain & darkness) during her photo shoot, causing Tyra to have difficulty in shooting her as well.
At panel, only Allison's photo received unanimously great praise from judges, though the rest also received praise. Although Celia was deemed to have a better portfolio, the judges felt that she continued to look old in her pictures and was ultimately eliminated while Aminat was again saved for another time.
America's Next Top Model Is....
"First aired May 13, 2009"
The final three shot their CoverGirl commercials. Aminat was criticized for her lack of facial expression on film but her overall commercial was deemed the best by panel. Allison forgot her lines but managed to deliver a convincing commercial, while Teyona's nerves took their toll on her as she fumbled through her lines. Afterward, the girls shot their CoverGirl print ad.
Allison was called first for her ability to capture her beauty in a photo due to her stunning picture, despite her average but believable commercial. Aminat's inability to photograph with facial variety disappointed the judges once more, though her commercial was the strongest of the three. Teyona's photo granted her universal praise once again because she managed to appear sultry and maintain commercial appeal, but she was lambasted for her uninspiring performance in her CoverGirl commercial. Aminat's inconsistent portfolio and Teyona's dismal commercial landed then in the bottom two. But the judges deemed Teyona's portfolio was strong enough to save her, thus sending Aminat home.
The final two shot their Seventeen magazine cover tries where they both excelled and impressed Ann Shoket. Later, for their final performance, Allison and Teyona arrived at Ibirapuera Auditorium for competed in a Rosa Chá swimsuit fashion show where they had to strut a sultry walk, dance in samba movement and crawl provocatively at the end of the show. Cycle 11 winner McKey Sullivan joined the girls for the show.
At panel, Allison was commended for her significant improvements throughout the competition as well as for her strong walk, which also improved immensely from being the worst of the bunch. Teyona's walk was criticized for looking somewhat robotic, though she was still praised for her stellar photos. The judges felt that both finalists had their own strengths; Teyona was lauded for her versatile portfolio that translated into booking ability, creativity during photo shoots, and genuine personality while Allison's high fashion and editorial look could book her international fashion shows.
The girls were called back, and Tyra announced Teyona as the twelfth winner of America's Next Top Model.
Cycle 12 Finale Party (Reunion).
The reunion aired May 13, 2009 on "The Tyra Banks Show" and was the third one after cycles 5 and 10. It was graduation themed and all the girls (except for Sandra, who didn't attend) wore bikinis. The girls were voted yearbook-style as follows:
Various girls were interviewed after their vote was revealed. Fo revealed she had met her father, whom she didn't know was black until she was six and coined the phrase "blaxican" at 12. Celia got her one featurette about her personal style and London went on to preach on the streets of New York City. Tyra also discussed Allison's nosebleeding picture of her and Tyra made a montage of her and Robert Pattinson. Natalie revealed she suffered from panic attacks and hypochondria.
Tyra brought a general from the US Army to discuss her positive impact on burnt soldiers and Tahlia did a shoot with a burnt soldier and another burn survivor where they displayed their scars. It was also revealed that Tahlia had become pregnant since the taping of the show. Then elderly people reenacted memorable scenes introduced by Bianca Golden from cycle 9. Those included Fo's haircut, Celia's rebellion against Tyra and Natalie's and Aminat's face off. Celia said that all things were settled between her and Tahlia and when Tyra said "Don't mess with a girl's money", Celia joked back that Tahlia was messing with hers.
The show ended with Tyra revealing that two contestants had been offered a contract with Nous Model Management by Kenya Knight which were revealed on her show's website as being Allison and Fo.
Contestants.
"(ages stated are at time of contest)"

</doc>
<doc id="18686408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686408" title="Batchawana Bay, Ontario">
Batchawana Bay, Ontario

Batchawana Bay is a community with a local services board in the Canadian province of Ontario, consisting of parts of the unincorporated townships of Ryan, Herrick, Tilley and Fisher in the Algoma District. It is located north of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, on the shores of Batchawana Bay off Lake Superior.
The area is counted as part of Unorganized North Algoma District in Statistics Canada census data.
The Batchawana Bay Provincial Park is nearby along Highway 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18686431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686431" title="Sauter">
Sauter

Sauter is a surname of German origin. The name refers to:
Sauter may also be a misspelling of the word solder, based on the American pronunciation.

</doc>
<doc id="18686434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686434" title="Island Lake, Ontario">
Island Lake, Ontario

Island Lake, Ontario may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18686453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686453" title="Che Nang">
Che Nang

Chế Nang was an Annamese vassal king of Champa. During his reign, he tried to conquer previously lost territories. In 1318, the Vietnamese king, Tran Minh Tong, dispatched generals Tran Quoc Chan and Pham Ngu Lao to defeat Che Nang. Che Nang was defeated and escaped to Java.

</doc>
<doc id="18686460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686460" title="Louis-Philippe Morency">
Louis-Philippe Morency

Louis-Philippe Morency is a French Canadian researcher interested in human communication and machine learning applied to a better understanding of human behavior.
Biography.
Dr. Louis-Philippe Morency is currently research assistant professor at the University of Southern California (USC)and research scientist at USC Institute for Creative Technologies where he leads the Multimodal Communication and Computation Laboratory (MultiComp Lab). He received his Ph.D. from MIT Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory in 2006. His main research interest is computational study of human multimodal computation, a multi-disciplinary research topic that overlays the fields of multi-modal interaction, machine learning, computer vision, social psychology and artificial intelligence. He developed Watson, a real-time library for nonverbal behavior recognition and which became the de facto standard for adding perception to embodied agent interfaces. He received many awards for his work on nonverbal behavior computation including four best papers awards in the last two years (at various IEEE and ACM conferences). He was recently selected by IEEE Intelligent Systems as one of the "Ten to Watch" for the future of AI research.

</doc>
<doc id="18686475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686475" title="Edmund Bergler">
Edmund Bergler

Edmund Bergler (1899–1962) was an American psychoanalyst whose books covered such topics as childhood development, mid-life crises, loveless marriages, gambling, and self-defeating behaviors. He was the most important theorist of homosexuality in the 1950s.
Life and career.
Edmund Bergler was born in 1899. An Austrian Jew, he fled the Nazis in 1937–38 and settled in New York City, where he worked as a psychoanalyst. Over the course of his career, he wrote twenty-five psychology books along with 273 articles that were published in leading professional journals. He also had unfinished manuscripts of dozens of more titles in the possession of the Edmund and Marianne Bergler Psychiatric Foundation. He has been referred to as "one of the few original minds among the followers of Freud". Delos Smith, science editor of United Press International, said Bergler was "among the most prolific Freudian theoreticians after Freud himself".
Summarizing his work, Bergler said that people were heavily defended against realization of the darkest aspects of human nature, meaning the individual's emotional addiction to unresolved negative emotions. He wrote in 1958, "I can only reiterate my opinion that the superego is the real master of the personality, that psychic masochism constitutes the most dangerous countermeasure of the unconscious ego against the superego's tyranny, that psychic masochism is 'the life-blood of neurosis' and is in fact the basic neurosis. I still subscribe to my dictum, 'Man's inhumanity to man is equaled only by man's inhumanity to himself.'"
He was the most important theorist of homosexuality in the 1950s. According to Kenneth Lewes, "...Bergler frequently distanced himself from the central, psychoanalytical tradition, while at the same time claiming a position of importance within it. He thought of himself as a revolutionary who would transform the movement." Near the end of his life, Bergler became an embarrassment to many other analysts: "His views at conferences and symposia were reported without remark, or they were softened and their offensive edge blunted."
He is noted for his insistence on the universality of unconscious masochism. He is remembered for his theories about both homosexuality and writer's block – a term he coined in 1947. Bergler, who did more work on the subject than any other psychoanalyst, argued that all gamblers gamble because of "psychic masochism".
Legacy.
Novelist Louis Auchincloss named his book "The Injustice Collectors" (1950) after Bergler's description of the unconscious masochist of that type.
Bergler's ' (1956) was cited in Irving Bieber et al.'s ' (1962). Bieber et al. mention Bergler briefly, noting that like Melanie Klein, he regarded the oral phase as the most determining factor in the development of homosexuality.
Philosopher Gilles Deleuze cited Bergler's "The Basic Neurosis" (1949) in his "Masochism" (1967), writing that, "Bergler's general thesis is entirely sound: the specific element of masochism is the oral mother, the ideal of coldness, solicitude and death, between the uterine mother and the Oedipal mother."
Arnold M. Cooper, former Professor of Psychiatry at Cornell University Medical College and a past president of the American Psychoanalytic Association, said of Bergler's work: "I have adapted my model for understanding masochism from the work of Bergler, who regarded masochism as the basic neurosis from which all other neurotic behaviors derive. As long ago as 1949 . . . he felt, and I agree, the mechanism of orality is paradigmatic for the masochistic character.
Freud critic Max Scharnberg has given Bergler's writings as an example of what he sees as the transparent absurdity of much psychoanalytic work in his "The Non-Authentic Nature of Freud's Observations" (1993), writing that few present-day psychoanalysts would defend Bergler. Scharnberg disapprovingly notes Bergler's claim that all homosexuals "are subservient when confronted with a stronger person, merciless when in power, unscrupulous about trampling on a weaker person."
Bergler's theories, with their assumption that the preservation of infantile megalomania or infantile omnipotence is of prime importance in the reduction of anxiety, have been seen as anticipating Heinz Kohut's self psychology.

</doc>
<doc id="18686487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686487" title="Bernard Loiselle">
Bernard Loiselle

Bernard Pierre Loiselle (born 2 May 1948 in Saint-Marc-sur-Richelieu, Quebec) was a Liberal party
member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a lawyer by career.
He was first elected at the Chambly riding in the 1974 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18686494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686494" title="Mahadeepak Singh Shakya">
Mahadeepak Singh Shakya

Mahadeepak Singh Shakya (born July 25, 1922) is a former member of Lok Sabha. He was elected to Lok Sabha for six terms from Etah in Uttar Pradesh state in India. He is a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party. 

</doc>
<doc id="18686499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686499" title="Coburg Hills">
Coburg Hills

The Coburg Hills are a range of foothills of the western Cascade Range of Lane and Linn counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. They are located northeast of Eugene and east of Coburg, between the Mohawk Valley and Willamette Valley.
Topography.
The Coburg Hills rise to an elevation of approximately 2,000 feet at Coburg Ridge.
One of the most notable features of the Coburg Hills is a gap or saddle at its north end called the Hayworth Saddle. This previously unnamed feature received its official name in 2008, after "Register-Guard" columnist Bob Welch asked readers for suggestions. Eventually, they voted for "Hayworth Ridge", after a local family who has been farming near there since 1875. The name was changed to "Hayworth Saddle" by the Oregon Geographic Names Board, which in turn recommended it to the U.S. Board on Geographic Names. The board adopted the name in September 2008.
Individual summits in the range include Spores Point, Buck Mountain, Mount Tom, Round Mountain and Bald Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="18686502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686502" title="Yaser Birjas">
Yaser Birjas

Yaser Birjas (also known as 'Shaykh Yaser Birjas') is a Muslim lecturer and teacher who is based in the United States. He has authored many articles on various aspects of Islam, especially Muslim marriage in the West and Islamic jurisprudence. His seminars on the topic of love and marriage in Islam are extremely popular in North America. This includes one of his famous lectures called "The Fiqh of love", which can be found in CD format.
Background.
Birjas was born to Palestinian parents in Kuwait in 1970. He emigrated to the USA in 2000, where he presently resides in Irving, Texas with his wife and four children. His mother tongue is Arabic, and he used to be fluent in Serbo-Croatian (he is still good at speaking it) which he learned in Bosnia, as well as English which he learned in the USA, using a digital dictionary.
Education.
Birjas completed high school in 1988, after which he moved to Ajman in the United Arab Emirates, where he enrolled in studies in Electronic Engineering at the Ajman University of Science and Technology.
His desire to be part of a better and more challenging educational system, took him back to Kuwait in 1990, where he intended to apply for a visa, which would enable him to continue with his studies in the USA. Whilst in Kuwait he began taking a class in management and business administration.
However, his studies and aspirations to go to the USA came to a halt when Iraq invaded Kuwait in the same year, forcing him to move to Jordan where he studied various branches of Islamic sciences under some of the well known Islamic scholars of that region.
Whilst in Jordan he was faced with making a choice between continuing his studies in Electronic Engineering at a German university and embarking on a career in Islamic Studies by enrolling at the International Islamic University of Madinah, and he chose the latter.
He excelled in his studies at this famous institute, and graduated as Class Valedictorian with the highest honors from its College of Sharee’ah (Islamic Jurisprudence) in 1996. He was also awarded the 'Al-Madinah Al-Munawwarah Award' for excellent and distinct academic achievement.
During his time in Saudi Arabia, he also studied under well-known contemporary Muslim scholars like Shaykh Ash-Shanqitee in Madinah, and the late Shaykh Al-Uthaimeen in Unaizah.
Past Activities.
As a teenager, Birjas led several youth activities and was involved in various other community-related programs. After completing his studies in Madinah he travelled to a post-war Bosnia (1997), where he spent four years serving as a young counselor and relief program aide for ICVA. As a young teenager, Birjas made an impact on his friends and on the youth of his age. The international umbrella of relief agencies and organizations working in the region.
He held the position of Imam at The Islamic Center in El Paso, Texas until late 2007, playing a significant role in building and nurturing the town’s growing Muslim community, particularly in the post-9/11 era, when he led and became involved in many initiatives, aimed at building bridges with other communities.
He also led his community during the period which saw the completion of a 1.3 million dollar new facility for the Islamic Center of El Paso.
Present Activities.
Birjas is regularly invited to speak at various Islamic conferences and conventions in the USA.
He is also an instructor for AlMaghrib Institute, an Islamic organization which provides double-weekend seminars leading its students towards a bachelor's degree in Islamic Studies.
He presently serves as the VP for EmanRush Press, which is the publishing wing of AlMaghrib Institute.
He regularly writes articles for Muslim Matters and The Marriage Revolution, and also works as a counselor, counseling people on a wide range of issues, especially marriage.
He is a founding member and supervisor of Practimate, a program aimed at providing pre-marital training and matching for Muslim singles living in the West. He is currently the Imam at the Valley Ranch Islamic Center

</doc>
<doc id="18686521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686521" title="Trevor Gleeson">
Trevor Gleeson

Trevor Gleeson is an Australian professional basketball coach.
He started coaching in 1990 in the Victorian Basketball League with the Warrnambool Seahawks. He spent many years as an assistant coach before taking over Sioux Falls Skyforce in the Continental Basketball Association. He was coach for the Townsville Crocodiles in the NBL from 2006–2011 before he signed as head coach for the Melbourne Tigers for the 2011–12 season.
Life and early career.
Gleeson was born in Melbourne, Victoria and began his coaching career with the Warrnambool Seahawks in the Victorian Basketball League in 1990. In 1993, he earned himself the head coach of the Victorian Basketball League All-Star Team. Moving to the Gold Coast to contiune his studies, he coached the Griffith University men's basketball program in 1997, then proceeded to move his talents to Brisbane, where his next job was assistant coach & development at the Brisbane Bullets. He remained at the club until the end of 2000. His success with the Bullets got him over to America where he was again assistant coach for Quad City Thunder in the Continental Basketball Association. He spent a year there before joining Sioux Falls Skyforce in the CBA for 2001–02. He then got his first job as a head coach in professional basketball when he returned to the Sioux Falls Skyforce in February 2003. He was also a player scout for the Portland Trail Blazers during the 2003–04 NBA season.
Senior coaching career.
Sioux Falls Skyforce (2003–2004).
Trevor Gleeson took over as coach midway through the 2002–03 season after coach Stacey King had a poor winning record. Gleeson tried to bring the Skyforce into the finals but was unsuccessful with a record of 7-8 when he took over. Gleeson did get to have another crack but was again unsuccessful as they finished 5th place although it was better than their previous season. Gleeson was then replaced by ‘the next big thing’ in Dave Joerger.
South Korea (2004–2006).
Trevor Gleeson’s next job was at the Seoul Samsung Thunders in the Korean Basketball League as an assistant for one year before heading to the Jeonju KCC Egis for the 2005–06 season.
NBL (2006–2012).
Gleeson signed with the Townsville Crocodiles for the 2006–07 season. This saw Gleeson return to Australia after spending six years in Korea and America. Despite being outsiders to make the playoffs, the Crocs finished fifth. The following season saw Gleeson’s team struggle in the first quarter of the season but soon became a tough team to beat in the competition. But on 22 December 2007, a match between the Crocs and Wollongong Hawks saw Gleeson get ejected out of the game after receiving back-to-back technical fouls midway through the third quarter after a dispute with referee Campbell Craddock over a bad call. The following week, Gleeson received a fine for $1500 by the NBL tribunal for misconduct and a one-match ban suspended for 12 months on good behaviour. Gleeson once again took the Crocs to the playoffs again but ended up the same result.
In the 2008–09 NBL season, Gleeson's side finished 5th after the regular season. Gleeson took the Crocs to the semi-finals before losing the series 2–1 by eventual champions the South Dragons. Gleeson was named runner-up for NBL Coach of the Year.
Gleeson resigned from the Crocodiles after the 2010–11 season, joining the Melbourne Tigers for 2011–12. On 4 June 2012, the Melbourne Tigers announced that after a review, Gleeson and the Tigers had decided to part ways.
Perth Wildcats (2013–present).
On 20 June 2013, Gleeson signed a three-year deal to be the Perth Wildcats head coach until the end of the 2015–16 NBL season.

</doc>
<doc id="18686543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686543" title="LTCG">
LTCG

LTCG may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18686562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686562" title="Cuneo (surname)">
Cuneo (surname)

Cuneo is a surname of Italian origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18686597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686597" title="Ram Nagina Mishra">
Ram Nagina Mishra

Ram Nagina Mishra is a former memebr of Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party. He was elected to Lok Sabha for six terms and four consecutive terms from Padrauna in Uttar Pradesh state in India. He has been active in sugarcane cooperatives and involved in activities relaed to welfare of sugarcane farmers.
Date of Birth 1 January 1928
Place of Birth Vill. Sikata, Distt. Padrauna (Uttar Pradesh)
Marital Status Married in 1942 
Spouse's Name Smt. Sita Devi
Children Four sons (Shri Bashishth, Dr. Parashuram, Shri Rambilas and Maj. Rajesh) and two daughters (Smt. Durgawati and Smt. Subhadra)
Educational Qualifications 
 Matriculate, Madhyama (Part I)
 Educated at Udit Narayan Inter College, 
 Padrauna (Uttar Pradesh)
Profession 
 Farmer, Political and Social Worker and Religious 
 Missionary
Permanent Address 
 Vill. and P.O. Sikata, 
 Distt. Padrauna - 274304 
 (Uttar Pradesh)
 Tel. (05564) 22188
Present Address 
 106/72 nazar bagh, lucknow, uttar pradesh, India
Positions Held 
1972-74 Member, Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly
1980 Elected to 7th Lok Sabha 
1984 Re-elected to 8th Lok Sabha (2nd term)
1991 Re-elected to 10th Lok Sabha (3rd term)
1996 Re-elected to 11th Lok Sabha (4th term) 
1998 Re-elected to 12th Lok Sabha (5th term) 
1998-99 Member, Committee of Privileges
 Member, Committee on Home Affairs and its 
 Sub-Committee on Personnel Policy of Central
 Para-Military Forces (CPMFs)
 Member, Consultative Committee, Ministry of
 Civil Aviation
Participated in Freedom Struggle- Quit India Movement, 1942; 
as a member of Socialist Party organised demonstrations several 
times for the interests of the farmers and was jailed thrice;
President, Sugarcane Co-operative Society, Kathkuiya, 
Uttar Pradesh, 1962–71; Vice-President, Sugarcane Co-operative 
Employees Association, Lucknow, 1964–70; and Member, Executive 
Committee, Sugarcane Co-operative Union, Uttar Pradesh, 1964–70

</doc>
<doc id="18686612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686612" title="2EC">
2EC

2EC is a radio station broadcasting to the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia, specifically the local government areas of Eurobodalla and Bega Valley. It is owned by East Coast Radio Pty. Ltd, which is a subsidiary of Grant Broadcasters.
Programming.
The station airs an adult contemporary format, playing the South Coast's biggest variety of music. 2EC primarily targets 35-54 year olds.
In contrast to many radio stations in regional Australia, 2EC airs very little networked programming. A strong focus is on the community, with segments such as "Lost and Found", "Jobfile" and "Community Contact" featured throughout the day. Discussions about local events and issues are held regularly, with strong local news heard most hours. 
The 2EC morning show often speaks to key local people such as Bega MP Andrew Constance and Eden Monaro Federal Member Mike Kelly.
The radio station has a very local feel, which is also incorporated with their websites, www.2ec.com.au and www.guidetofarsouthcoast.com.au
On air lineup (weekdays).
Weekend programming includes the "2EC Fishing Show", "Real Estate Show" and the "2EC Sports Show with Tony Megahey". Networked music program "My Generation" on Sunday mornings from 7am. The station is unique in NSW in that it takes both NRL and AFL coverage, possibly owing to its position near the Victorian border. AFL is heard Saturday afternoon from midday, whilst NRL is covered Friday night and Sunday afternoons with the "2EC Continuous Call Team".
Affiliations.
Power FM South Coast is a sister station, playing contemporary hit music.

</doc>
<doc id="18686620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686620" title="Doraha (1967 film)">
Doraha (1967 film)

Doraha, a Pakistani Urdu black & white film, is a classic romantic and melodious film of the 1960s and a remarkable film of Pervaiz Malik's and Waheed Murad's careers. At box office, the film failed to became a big hit, as it was expected, but it later gained more its importance after several years, esp., during the 1980s and 1990s. The film was produced by Sohail Rana and Pervaiz Malik and also directed by Pervaiz Malik. Casting included Waheed Murad, Shamim Ara, Deeba, Ibrahim Nafees and Talish. For "Doraha", Waheed Murad originally cast Zeba, but after her marriage with Mohammad Ali, he picked Shamim Ara. His close circles knew that Shamim Ara was just a replacement. All the dialogue and songs were for Zeba.
Release.
The film was released by United Talents on August 25, 1967 on cinemas of Karachi and Lahore. During the same year, Doraha got tough competition from the films like "Chakori", "Laakhon mein ek", "Darshan" and "Aag". It completed only 40 weeks on cinemas with 7 weeks on main cinemas in Karachi, which was far less than the producers' expectations. Nevertheless, the film got the status of 'Silver Jubilee film'.
It was also a big hit in Dhaka and other cities of the then East Pakistan, nowadays Bangladesh.
Music.
The music of the film is composed by Sohail Rana. The songs of "Doraha", particularly, "Bhooli hui hoon daastan"..., "Mujhe tum nazar se"... "Haan isi more par"... "Tumhein kaise bata doon"... and "Ajnabi zara souch lo"... became very popular on Radio those days. The evergreen songs of the film were written by Masroor Anwar and mostly sung by Ahmed Rushdi and Mala. Only one song was recorded in Mehdi Hassan's voice. Waheed Murad declared Rushdi's song, "Bhooli hui hoon daastan", his favorite song. The film "Doraha" proved to be a milestone in Ahmed Rushdi's career:

</doc>
<doc id="18686641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686641" title="Climate of Tasmania">
Climate of Tasmania

Tasmania has a cool temperate climate with four distinct seasons. Summer lasts from December to February when the average maximum sea temperature is and inland areas around Launceston reach . Other inland areas are much cooler with Liawenee, located on the Central Plateau, one of the coldest places in Australia with temperatures in February ranging between to . Autumn lasts between March and May and experiences changeable weather, where summer weather patterns gradually take on the shape of winter patterns.
The winter months are between June and July and are generally the wettest and coolest months in the state, with most high lying areas receiving considerable snowfall. Winter maximums are on average along coastal areas and on the Central Plateau, thanks to a series of cold fronts from the Southern Ocean.
Spring is a season of transition, where winter weather patterns begin to take the shape of summer patterns, although snowfall is still common in mountainous areas until October. Spring is generally the windiest time of the year with afternoon sea breezes starting to take effect on the coast.
Rainfall in Tasmania follows a complicated pattern rather analogous to that found on large continents at the same latitude in the northern hemisphere. On the western side rainfall increases from around at Strahan on the coast up to at Cradle Valley in the highlands.
There is a strong winter maximum in rainfall: January and February typically averages between 30-40% the rainfall of July and August, though even in the driest months rain usually falls on every second day and the number of rainy days per year is much greater than on any part of the Australian mainland. Further east in the Lake Country, annual rainfall declines to around , whilst in the Midlands, annual rainfall is as low as at Ross and generally below . The eastern part of Tasmania has more evenly distributed rainfall than in the west, and most months receive very similar averages.
The densely populated northern coast is much drier than the western side, with annual rainfall ranging from in Launceston to in Burnie in the north west and in Scottsdale located further to the east.
Most rain falls in winter, and in summer the average can be as low as per month in Launceston. The east coast is wetter than the Midlands, with an average annual rainfall ranging from in St. Helens to around in Swansea.
Here the rainfall is evenly distributed over the year but can be very erratic as heavy rainfalls from the warm Tasman Sea are quite frequent. Whereas a three-day fall of occurs only once every fifty years on the north coast, it occurs on average once every four or five years around Swansea and Bicheno, and on 7–8 June 1954, there were many falls as large as in two days in that area. The east coast is sometimes called the "sun coast" because of its sunny climate.
Several sections of inland Tasmania, together with Flinders Island, were declared drought-affected areas by the state government in 2007.
The highest recorded maximum temperature in Tasmania was at Scamander on 30 January 2009, during the 2009 southeastern Australia heat wave. Tasmania's lowest recorded minimum temperature was on 30 June 1983, at Butlers Gorge, Shannon, and Tarraleah.
Sunshine is highly differentiated for a relatively compact island, with average quotients ranging from around 4 hours a day (under 1500 hours a year) in the South West of the island, up to around 7 hours daily (2550 hours annually) in the North East around the Launceston area.
Locations.
Hobart.
Hobart has a mild temperate oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification), with four distinct seasons. The highest temperature recorded was 40.8°C on 4 January 1976 and the lowest was −2.8°C on 25 June 1972. Compared to other major Australia cities Hobart has the second least daily average hours of sunshine, with 5.9 hours. (Melbourne has the least) The city rarely receives snow in winter; however, the adjacent Mount Wellington is often seen with a covering in winter, and it has received unseasonal snowfalls in all seasons, including summer. Hobart during the 20th century did receive many snowfalls at sea level because of cold masses arriving from Antarctica. These snow-bearing winds often carried on through Tasmania and Victoria to the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales and Northern Victoria. Though snow is unusual in general at sea level in Australia, Hobart has most probably had the most sea level snowfalls out of any State Capital, though Sydney, Melbourne and Adelaide have also recorded snow. Mount Wellington has snowfalls through every season, even summer, because of its elevation.
Launceston.
Launceston has a mild, temperate climate,
with four distinct seasons. The city is located in the Tamar Valley and is surrounded by many large hills and mountains. With this type of topography, Launceston's weather patterns can change in a short period of time.
The warmest months are in January and February with an average air temperature range of up to . Throughout the year there is an average of 8.3 days a year over . The maximum recorded temperature was on 30 January 2009, during the 2009 Southeastern Australia heat wave.
Winters are cool with minimum temperatures dropping below an average of 61 days a year. The coldest month is July, with an average temperature range of - .
The lowest recorded minimum at Launceston's current weather station, Ti Tree Bend was. Launceston rarely receives snowfall in winter due to its location in a valley, however the surrounding hills often receive light dustings of snow. Launcestons lowest recorded maximum temperature was .
Winter, for Launceston, is also the season with the least amount of wind. Because of this and the topographical affect of the Tamar Valley, Launceston winters are renowned for foggy mornings, with Launceston Airport the most fog-bound commercial airport in Australia. The average annual rainfall, with moderate to low variability is , falling an average of 88.4 days a year. The most rain Launceston received in a year was in 1992, with 2006 being the driest year when just fell.
The Bureau of Meteorology reported that 2007 was the warmest year ever recorded in Launceston since temperatures were first recorded in 1884. Temperatures ranged from a minimum of – to a maximum of .
During 2006 and 2007, Launceston had the warmest maximums throughout the state. In 2008, Launceston had the highest average maximum temperature out of all Tasmanian cities with .
Devonport.
Devonport has cool winters and mild summers. Summer daytime temperatures seem to stay between 20 and 23 degrees due to sea breezes and winters are cool and rainy, however frost and snow are extremely rare. 
Burnie.
The average temperature in summer ranges from 12.5 to 21 °C with drier non-sea breeze days as warm as 27 °C, with around 16 hours of sunshine per day. In winter, temperature ranges from 6 to 13 °C, and only 8 hours of sunshine. Relative humidity averages over 60% for the year in the afternoon.
Burnie averages 994 mm of rainfall per year. Most of the rain is in the second half of the year from July to December.
Strahan.
Strahan has a mild and wet climate, with some of the highest winter rainfall totals in Tasmania. The highest recorded temperature in Strahan was 37.2°C on 14 February 1982 and the lowest being -3°C on 30 June 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18686673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686673" title="Jacques Lavoie">
Jacques Lavoie

Jacques Lavoie (4 November 1936 – 20 January 2000) was a Liberal then Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Montreal, Quebec, he was a public servant and radiology technician before entering politics.
He was first elected at the Hochelaga riding in a 14 October 1975 by-election following the resignation of incumbent Gérard Pelletier. He switched to the Liberal party in June 1977, but ran as an independent candidate in the 1979 election as he was unsuccessful in becoming the party's nominee.

</doc>
<doc id="18686674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686674" title="History of Mauritania (1960–78)">
History of Mauritania (1960–78)

This article is about the history of Mauritania from 1960 to 1978. Mauritania, officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, is an Arab Maghreb country in West Africa. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean in the west, by Western Sahara in the north, by Algeria in the northeast, by Mali in the east and southeast, and by Senegal in the southwest. It is named after the ancient Berber Kingdom of Mauretania, which later became a province of the Roman Empire, even though the modern Mauritania covers a territory far to the south of the old Berber kingdom that had no relation with it.
Independence and civilian rule.
The political crisis in France that saw the birth of the French Fifth Republic in 1958 necessitated a new French constitution. Also adopted by the people of Mauritania in a referendum in September 1958, this new constitution provided for a French Community whose members would be autonomous republics. But status as an autonomous member of the French Community quickly lost its appeal as Mauritania witnessed the wave of nationalism sweeping the African continent. As soon as the Islamic Republic of Mauritania was proclaimed in October 1958, the Territorial Assembly changed its name to the Constituent Assembly and immediately initiated work to draft a national constitution; the document was unanimously adopted by the Constituent Assembly in March 1959 in place of the French constitution, and on November 28, 1960, Mauritania declared its independence.
The molding of a new political entity was a challenge in a country in which the gradual breakdown of a well-entrenched tribal hierarchy and its authority was still under way. Also, Mauritania's predominantly nomadic society did not lend itself to the establishment of administrative agencies; consequently, numerous political parties formed around those leaders who already exercised tribal authority. Most of the population, who observed democratic nomadic traditions—in which influence did not always pass directly from father to son, land was not owned by individuals, and material wealth was widely distributed rather than concentrated in a few hands—eventually accepted a centralized government.
With the advent of independence, party leaders recognized the need to consolidate to ensure the establishment of a strong and independent government that also represented Mauritania's regional and ethnic diversity. Consequently, there was a tendency on the part of some to try to put aside their differences. President Moktar Ould Daddah was able gradually to gain the support of numerous opposition parties because of his demonstrated willingness to include in his government those who previously had opposed him. Thus, even after Daddah charged the Mauritanian National Renaissance Party (Nahda) with corruption, banned the party from participation in the elections to Mauritania's first National Assembly in May 1959, declared the party illegal, and placed five of its leaders under arrest, Nahda still responded to Daddah's urgent appeal to preserve unity and independence.
In a new election, held in accordance with provisions of the new constitution in August 1961, Nahda campaigned for Daddah, who won the election with the additional support of the black party, the Mauritanian National Union. The new government formed in September 1961 included representatives of both Nahda and the Mauritanian National Union in important ministries. This electoral, then governmental, coalition was formalized in October 1961 with the consolidation of the Mauritanian Regroupment Party, Nahda, the Mauritanian National Union, and the Mauritanian Muslim Socialist Union into the Mauritanian People's Party ("Parti du Peuple Mauritanienne", PPM). On December 25, 1961, the PPM was constituted as the sole legal party. Its policies included a foreign policy of nonalignment and opposition to ties with France.
In accordance with the new government's objective of acquiring support from blacks, Daddah included two blacks in his cabinet. Also, the National Assembly, headed by a black, comprised ten blacks and twenty Maures. As a final development in the emergence of a dominant single party, Daddah, the party's secretary general, further concentrated power in his hands. The PPM proclaimed Mauritania a one-party state in 1964, and the National Assembly passed a constitutional amendment in 1965 that institutionalized the PPM as the single legal party in the state. Organized opposition was henceforth restricted to channels within the party.
Emerging tensions.
Tight control of political life by the PPM reinforced the highly centralized system. The imposition of single-party rule over a highly diverse population caused underlying tensions to emerge, especially among the southern black population, who feared Arab domination. Their fears were exacerbated by the 1966 decision to make the study of Hassaniya Arabic compulsory in secondary schools and the decision in 1968 to make Hassaniya Arabic, as well as French, an official language. Differences over linguistic and racial issues subsequently caused strikes and demonstrations by students and trade unionists in 1968, 1969, and 1971; all demonstrations were harshly repressed by the government, which in 1966 had banned discussion of racial problems. Other tensions existed among black Maures, who were still considered members of a slave class even though slavery had been outlawed under the French and by the Mauritanian Constitution. (See also Slavery in Mauritania.)
Political divisions within the trade union movement also erupted, causing the movement to split in 1969 into two factions, one favoring integration into the PPM and the other lobbying for an independent form of trade unionism. The PPM, ignoring the latter faction, integrated the trade unions in 1972. Their action followed a series of strikes in late 1971, including a two-month shutdown of the iron mine operated by the Mauritanian Iron Mines Company ("Société Anonyme des Mines de Fer de Mauritanie", MIFERMA). Soon after the integration of the trade unions, an unofficial trade union movement was formed, and in 1973 a clandestine leftist political party, the Mauritanian Kadihine Party, was created. Another clandestine group, the Party of Mauritanian Justice, was formed in 1974 and called for more political freedom.
Radicalization.
In 1969 following Morocco's official recognition of Mauritania, the government pursued a more radical political agenda to reduce its economic dependence on France. The first major step toward this aim was taken in 1972, when the government announced that it would review the agreements signed with France at independence and would sign new, more stringent agreements on cultural, technical, and economic cooperation in 1973. New agreements on military and monetary cooperation were pointedly eliminated, and Mauritania soon declared its intention of leaving the West Africa Monetary Union and its Franc Zone and introducing its own currency, the ouguiya, with the backing of Algeria and other Arab countries. In 1974, MIFERMA, which was controlled by French interests and provided 80 percent of national exports, was nationalized and the name changed to National Mining and Industrial Company ("Société Nationale Industrielle et Minière", SNIM). Also in 1974, Mauritania joined the League of Arab States (Arab League). Finally, during the August 1975 congress of the PPM, Daddah presented a charter calling for an Islamic, national, centralist, and socialist democracy. The charter was so popular that both the Mauritanian Kadihine Party and the Party of Mauritanian Justice withdrew their opposition to the Daddah government.
In the early 1970s, the Daddah government made some progress toward achieving national unity and economic independence. These gains, however, were more than offset by the economic hardship caused by a Sahelian drought that lasted from 1969 to 1974. Thousands of nomads migrated to shantytowns outside the cities, increasing urban population from 8 percent of the total population to 25 percent between 1962 and 1975. But other problems forced Mauritania's leaders to shift their focus from internal to external events: the decolonization of the neighboring Western Sahara at the end of 1975; the subsequent occupation of that former Spanish territory by Morocco and Mauritania; and the liberation struggle of the indigenous people of the Western Sahara, which embroiled Mauritania in a long and costly war.
Conflict in the Western Sahara.
Until the late nineteenth century, the Western Sahara, a land inhabited by the nomadic Sahrawi people, had remained largely free of any central authority. But when competing European colonial powers embarked on their division of Africa, Spain claimed the Western Sahara. Spain historically had had an interest in the territory, primarily because it lay near the Spanish-owned Canary Islands. In 1884 Spain occupied the Western Sahara and remained until 1976.
For the first fifty years after the occupation, intermittent Sahrawi resistance to Spanish rule in what was then called the Spanish Sahara effectively forced the Spanish occupiers to limit their presence to several coastal enclaves. It was not until the 1950s, following the discovery of vast phosphate deposits at Bu Craa, that Sahrawi nationalism developed. For the first time, the Spanish Sahara appeared valuable to the indigenous population as well as to the governments of Morocco, Algeria, and Mauritania. The discovery of the deposits also renewed the historic rivalry between Algeria and Morocco, both of which encouraged Sahrawi aggression against the Spanish occupiers. In 1973 a number of indigenous Spanish Sahara groups formed an organization called the Polisario, the purpose of which was to secure independence from Spain.
By the mid-1970s, the government of Spain appeared willing to relinquish the territory, which was becoming more costly to administer. In addition, the sudden collapse of Portugal's empire in Africa and the ensuing liberation of Mozambique and Angola had strengthened the determination of the Polisario to shake off Spanish colonial rule, and attacks on Spanish settlements and forts had become more intense. Morocco, Mauritania, and Algeria also orchestrated international opposition in the United Nations to continued Spanish occupation. The Spanish government finally terminated its claim to the Spanish Sahara in February 1976 and bequeathed the territory—renamed the Western Sahara—jointly to Morocco and Mauritania, both of which consented to allow Spain to exploit the Bu Craa phosphates. Spain excluded Algeria from the withdrawal agreement, largely because Algeria intended to prevent Spain from exploiting the Bu Craa deposits, a decision which contributed considerably to the growing discord in an already troubled area.
Background to Mauritanian policy.
The Moroccan factor.
Mauritania's role in the Western Sahara conflict was heavily influenced by perceived and real threats of Moroccan expansionism. In the 1950s, Morocco advanced its concept of Greater Morocco, which included all Mauritanian territory, based on a historic (if currently moribund) allegiance to the Moroccan sultan as a political and religious leader. To make matters worse, most of the Arab League states, the Soviet Union, several progressive African states, and groups within Mauritania, as well, supported that position. For example, Mauritanian Entente leader Horma Ould Babana had claimed that a union with Morocco would protect the rights of the Maures from encroachments by the black population.
Even after Morocco finally had recognized Mauritanian independence in 1969—nine years after it had been granted by France—and had withdrawn its claim to Mauritanian territory, the Daddah government remained suspicious of Moroccan intentions. Thus, Mauritania favored using the Western Sahara as a buffer between it and Morocco, either by controlling all or part of the Western Sahara or by creating an independent state.
Internal factors.
From independence until the mid-1970s, Mauritania's policy on the Western Sahara vacillated as the government sought to balance its own interests against those of a more powerful Morocco. Until 1974 the Daddah government supported self-determination for the Western Sahara, to be exercised by means of a referendum, under the assumption that the Sahrawis would choose to join with Mauritania. This assumption was reasonable: there were close ethnic ties between the Sahrawis and the Maures; a large number of Sahrawi nomads had migrated into Mauritania; and many Maures were living in the Western Sahara. During the period from 1974 to 1975, however, after Morocco had made clear its intention of occupying the Western Sahara, Mauritania pursued policies fraught with contradictions. To please the international community, on which Mauritania depended for economic aid, Daddah continued to support policy of self-determination for the Sahrawi population. But to please the dominant Maures of Mauritania, the government reintroduced the concept of Greater Mauritania, asserting the country's rights over all of the Western Sahara. A third policy, acknowledging the reality of Moroccan power, called for a partition of the Western Sahara, which led Mauritania into a long and costly guerrilla war with the Polisario.
The Mauritanian campaign to annex Tiris al Gharbiyya (the southern province of the Western Sahara) did not have much support within Mauritania. Some Mauritanians favored instead the full integration of the Western Sahara, while others, who identified themselves as Sahrawi refugees, supported independence. Adamantly opposing absorption was Mauritania's southern black population, which viewed the resultant increase in the number of Maures as a threat. To the blacks, the Western Sahara conflict was an Arab war.
Madrid Agreements.
In early 1975, both Morocco and Mauritania agreed to abide by the decision of the International Court of Justice on the status of the Spanish Sahara, but when the court ruled in October 1975 that neither country was entitled to claim sovereignty over the territory, both governments chose to ignore the decision. In November 1975, they concluded the Madrid Agreements with Spain under which Morocco acquired the northern two-thirds of the territory, while Mauritania acquired the southern third. The agreement also included the proviso that Spain would retain shares in the Bu Craa mining enterprise. Mauritania acquiesced to the agreements under the assumption, probably correct, that Morocco, with its superior military power, would otherwise have absorbed the entire territory.
Fighting the Desert War.
In 1976, when Mauritanian troops occupied the Western Sahara province of Tiris al Gharbiyya, as per terms of the Madrid Agreements, they were immediately challenged in fierce fighting with Polisario guerrillas. The fighting would drag on for two years, draining an already improvised economy, provoking ethnic conflict, and causing large numbers of casualties. The direct cost of Mauritania's colonial venture proved exorbitant. Mauritania rapidly increased its armed forces from only 3,000 at the beginning of 1976 to about 12,000 at the beginning of 1977; by mid-1978 the Mauritanian armed forces numbered between 15,000 and 17,000. Between 1975 and 1977, the government's expenditures increased by 64 percent, most of which was allotted for defense. This military buildup placed a heavy burden on the weak economy and diverted funds badly needed for development projects. Further alienating the population was a special defense tax, which the government levied against the entire population; despite the tax, the country was on the verge of bankruptcy by late 1977. Moreover, as the war progressed, the power of the Mauritanian military grew, contributing to internal disunity and a weak civilian government unable to solve the problems of nation building.
Having more than 6,400 kilometers of undefended borders with Mali and Algeria, Mauritania was highly vulnerable to attacks by Polisario guerrillas, who were armed and supported by Algeria. The government's inability to protect Mauritania's major towns, even Nouakchott, which was attacked in June 1976, raised fears that Moroccan troops would move into Mauritania, ostensibly to interdict the guerrillas but also as an expansionist vanguard. There was also fear of a possible plan on the part of Morocco's enemy, Algeria, to replace the Daddah government with a puppet regime.
Involvement of foreign countries.
For their part, Polisario strategists sought first to remove Mauritania from the conflict and then to direct their efforts against the far stronger Moroccan forces. In mid-1977 the Polisario launched a general offensive against Mauritania to cripple its economy and incite internal opposition to the war, hoping thereby that the government either would withdraw from the conflict or would be overthrown by one more sympathetic to the Polisario cause. In May Polisario guerrillas attacked the SNIM operations at Zouîrât, killing two French technicians and capturing another six. The remaining expatriates at Zouîrât immediately left, and Mauritania promptly requested aid from Morocco. In June 1977, Morocco's military command merged with Mauritania's in the Supreme Defense Council, and 600 Moroccan troops arrived to protect Zouîrât. Following further attacks against the railroad linking the SNIM iron ore mines with the port at Nouadhibou, the Mauritanian government reversed an earlier position and requested—and received—military aid from France. In December 1977, French aircraft, in their first action, attacked Polisario guerrillas returning from raids into Mauritania.
Several wealthy Arab oil-producing states, such as Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Abu Dhabi, also provided Mauritania with significant aid to contain the revolutionary fervor advocated by the Polisario. Between 1976 and 1978, Saudi Arabia, in particular, provided funds amounting to twice Mauritania's annual budget.
In spite of the military aid it received, Mauritania was not able to prevent the Polisario from bombarding Nouakchott for a second time, in July 1977. The rocket attack against the capital stunned Daddah, who immediately reorganized both the army and the government, appointing for the first time a military officer to the post of minister of defense. Daddah previously had resisted bringing the military into his civilian government for fear of a military takeover.
By the end of 1977, Daddah faced growing opposition to the war and to his administration. In the military, black recruits from the south, who had joined the army because they lacked other employment opportunities and who formed a majority of the ground troops, had little interest in fighting Polisario guerrillas in the north. Moreover, black civilians resented having to pay a tax to support a war between Arabs. In addition, many Maure soldiers sympathized with the objectives of the Polisario, with whom they shared ethnic ties. Finally, anti-Moroccan nationalists within the PPM opposed the war on the grounds that it afforded Morocco opportunities to expand its influence.
Overthrow of the Ould Daddah regime.
Economic hardship also weighed heavily on the Daddah regime. During 1977, defense expenditures increased as international demand for iron ore (Mauritania's major source of foreign exchange, see Mining in Mauritania) fell. Drought conditions that devastated crops and herds further strained the economy. Mauritania survived only with the help of grants and loans from Saudi Arabia, France, Morocco, and Libya.
In January 1978, during a special congress of the PPM, Daddah unsuccessfully tried to seek a path out of the Western Sahara war; however, the increasingly isolated leader proved unable to undertake any diplomatic or political initiatives. In addition, relations between Daddah and senior army officers were strained because the president constantly shifted senior officers from posting to posting to guard against a possible coup.
In February 1978, in a desperate move, Daddah appointed Colonel Mustapha Ould Salek to be army commander. In the late 1960s, Daddah had relegated Salek, who was suspected of pro-French leanings, to the reserve corps. (Salek had reentered active duty only in 1977, when he was made commander of the Third Military Region, at Atar, and relations between Daddah and Salek were still strained.) On July 10, 1978, the newly appointed army commander led a group of junior officers in the bloodless overthrow of the eighteen-year-old Daddah government.

</doc>
<doc id="18686680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686680" title="Rameshwar Patidar">
Rameshwar Patidar

Rameshwar Pattidar (born 10 November 1938) is an Indian politician and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party. He was imprisoned under MISA during 
the emergency in 1975. He was elected to the 6th Lok Sabha from Khargone in Madhya Pradesh state in 1977. He was re-elected to the Lok Sabha in 1989, 1991, 1996 and 1998 from the same constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18686683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686683" title="Palladino">
Palladino

Palladino is a surname of Italian origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18686722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686722" title="Edmond Picard">
Edmond Picard


</doc>
<doc id="18686723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686723" title="Tobacco Institute">
Tobacco Institute

The Tobacco Institute, Inc. was a United States tobacco industry trade group, founded in 1958 by the American tobacco industry.
It was dissolved in 1998 as part of the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.
Founding.
The Tobacco Institute was founded in 1958 as a trade association by cigarette manufacturers, who funded it proportionally to each company's sales. It was initially to supplement the work of the Tobacco Industry Research Committee (which later became the Council for Tobacco Research). The TIRC work had been limited to attacking scientific studies that put tobacco in a bad light, and the Tobacco Institute had a broader mission to put out good news about tobacco, especially economic news. It also attacked scientific studies, although more by casting doubt on them rather than by rebutting them directly. It also lobbied Congress, although initially at a low level.
Activities.
Lobbying and policy work.
The Tobacco Institute collected intelligence on attitudes toward smoking, developed strategies, and lobbied legislators. Allan M. Brandt wrote, "The Tobacco Institute, on behalf of the companies, assembled an impressive record of derailing attempts to bring tobacco under any regulatory mandates whatsoever". By 1978 the Tobacco Institute had 70 lobbyists, and Senator Ted Kennedy said in 1979, "Dollar for dollar they're probably the most effective lobby on Capitol Hill".
The Tobacco Institute hired the Roper Organization in 1978 to survey public attitudes on environmental tobacco smoke.
Among its findings were "Nearly six out of ten believe that smoking is hazardous to the non-smoker's health, up sharply over the last four years. More than two-thirds of non-smokers believe it, nearly half of all smokers believe it. This we see as the most dangerous development to the viability of the tobacco industry that has yet occurred." A 1985 meeting of the Executive Committee of the Tobacco Institute outlined plans to broaden the indoor air quality issue.
In December 1987 the Tobacco Institute's Executive Committee discussed creating an industry-based Center for Indoor Air Research, intended to broaden the question of indoor air pollution beyond tobacco smoke. The CIAR was created in March 1988 by Philip Morris, R. J. Reynolds, and Lorillard.
In 1990 the Tobacco Institute opposed federal regulations banning smoking on domestic airline flights.
Advertising.
The Tobacco Institute ran advertisements and issued pamphlets for general readers. One advertisement consisted of facing two-page advertisements titled "A word to smokers (about nonsmokers and anti-smokers)" and "A word to nonsmokers (about smokers)." The ad encourages tolerance of smokers by depicting smoking as a "personal choice" and a "small ritual". There was no mention of any health effects.
An example pamphlet is "Answers to the Most Asked Questions about Cigarettes".
The institute also published newsletters aimed at physicians and dentists such as "Tobacco and Health" () and a newsletter "Tobacco Observer" () that seems to have been aimed at a general audience. Richard Kluger characterized "Tobacco Observer" as "attack literature."
White papers.
The Tobacco Institute published a large number of lengthy "white papers". Scanned copies of many of these are available in the Legacy Tobacco Documents Library. Many of these papers rebutted scientific reports critical of tobacco. The Tobacco Institute's response to such a report was rapid: a rebuttal was published
to the 1979 Surgeon General's report on "Smoking and Health" one day before that report was issued. Another rebuttal
was issued to James Repace and Alfred Lowrey's report "A Quantitative Estimate of Nonsmokers' Lung Cancer Risk."
A press release from the Tobacco Institute attacked the 1986 Surgeon General's report on second-hand smoke,
saying that the Surgeon General had distorted the evidence and that Health and Human Services was suppressing contrary scientific viewpoints.
There was also a longer rebuttal paper.
The Tobacco Institute criticized the United States Environmental Protection Agency's 1993 report declaring tobacco smoke to be a Class A human carcinogen.
Stealthy techniques.
In at least one case the Tobacco Institute paid for an article to be written and placed in a major national magazine while keeping their involvement secret. The article, "To Smoke or Not to Smoke—That is still the Question"
by Stanley Frank was published in the January 1968 issue of "True" magazine. Frank was paid $500 by Brown & Williamson to write the article,
and the Tobacco Institute paid $500,000 to Rosser Reeves to publicize the article and distribute one million copies of it. The story of the Tobacco Institute's involvement was uncovered and published by "Consumer Reports".
Demise.
By the 1990s the Tobacco Institute had lost its preeminent role in tobacco lobbying to the market leader, Philip Morris, but continued to gather intelligence on anti-smoking sentiment and legislative actions.
In 1998, as part of the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement, the Tobacco Institute, the Center for Indoor Air Research, and the Council for Tobacco Research were dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="18686736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686736" title="Conspirateurs">
Conspirateurs

Conspirateurs (or the English spelling Conspirators) is a two- or four-player strategy board game probably invented in 18th-century France. It perhaps dates after 1789 from the French Revolutionary Wars, "a period of feverish political activity with factions conspiring against each other" . 
Conspirateurs resembles Halma, Ugolki, Chinese Checkers, and Salta in that pieces jump without capturing over friendly or enemy pieces to help race to their destinations.
Game rules.
The board begins empty. Players choose colour, with Black having the first turn. Players alternates turns. The game proceeds in two phases:
Objective.
After the drop phase is completed, one of the players shouts a warning that they have been discovered, and the conspirateurs scatter to hide in sanctuaries. A sanctuary may hold at most one man. The first to bring all his men to sanctuary wins the game.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="18686741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686741" title="Golden State of Mind">
Golden State of Mind

Golden State of Mind is the fourth/senior album by California band OPM, released on September 2nd, 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="18686748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686748" title="HD 180555">
HD 180555

HD 180555 is a star is a double system.

</doc>
<doc id="18686749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686749" title="Road Runner a Go-Go">
Road Runner a Go-Go

Road Runner a Go-Go is one of 3 cartoons reused from the unsold pilot "Adventures of the Road Runner" (the others were "To Beep or Not to Beep" and "Zip Zip Hooray!").
Milt Franklyn was credited as the musician with the correct spelling of his name. Unlike To Beep or Not to Beep, this cartoon doesn't feature an entirely new soundtrack by Bill Lava, due to smaller budgets. This cartoon includes the sequence of "Adventures of the Road-Runner" with Wile E. Coyote speaking to the viewing audience. This cartoon also features a theme song called "Out in the Desert". The original pilot was produced by David H. DePatie with supervising director Chuck Jones.
The original pilot is available on .

</doc>
<doc id="18686780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686780" title="Lac-Chicobi, Quebec">
Lac-Chicobi, Quebec

Lac-Chicobi is an unorganized territory in the Canadian province of Quebec, located within the Abitibi Regional County Municipality. The area consists of two non-contiguous portions on either side of the incorporated municipality of Berry.
The area had a population of 203 in the Canada 2011 Census, and a land area of 722.14 square kilometres.
The eponymous Lake Chicobi is roughly in the centre of the territory's western portion. It is fed by the Authier and Chicobi Rivers and drained by the Octave River, a tributary of the Harricana River. The lake's name, in the past also spelled as Chikobi, Chikobee, and Cikobi, comes from an Amerindian word meaning "where there are no islands". The Tanginan and Chicobi Hills are two prominent hills south-west of the lake, reaching an altitude of .
South of Lake Chicobi is the community of Guyenne (), the territory's only population centre. It is named after the geographic township of Guyenne (proclaimed in 1916), in turn named the Guyenne Regiment that fought under General Montcalm's command.
Demographics.
Population:
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 84 (total dwellings: 89)
References.
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18686797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686797" title="Anthony Fels">
Anthony Fels

Anthony James Fels was an Australian politician. He was the member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the Agricultural Region. Elected to Parliament in the 2005 state election he is a former member of the Liberal Party, but joined the Family First Party on 14 August 2008.
He was in office only between 2005 and 2009.
Growing up on the family farm, located East of Esperance, Fels began his education at Castletown Primary School. Fels then attended Esperance Senior High School and the University of Western Australia, where he studied Agricultural Science.
At university, Fels first became interested in politics and ran for the Student Guild elections in his first year and for Guild President in his second and third years. On both occasions, he was runner up. He was elected as a delegate to the Australian Union of students in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18686819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686819" title="R.L.P. Verma">
R.L.P. Verma

R.L.P. Verma is a former member of Lok Sabha and a leader of Bhartiya Janata Party. He was elected to Lok Sabha from Kodarma in Jharkhand state in India for five terms.

</doc>
<doc id="18686836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686836" title="Hal Lieberman">
Hal Lieberman

Hal Lieberman is an American producer and former president of production for Universal Pictures.
Born and raised in the Bronx, New York, Lieberman has a B.A. from SUNY at Stony Brook and an M.A. from the University of Chicago.
Lieberman began his career as Warren Beatty's production assistant on "Heaven Can Wait", and spent the next eight years as a screenwriter. Tony Ganz and Deborah Blum hired him in 1986 to oversee development for their Disney-based Blum/Ganz Productions; in 1987 he began his journey as a film executive at Universal Pictures, where he worked his way up the ranks to president in 1994.
As president of production at Universal, some of the movies Lieberman oversaw through development and production were "Apollo 13", "The Nutty Professor", "Liar Liar", "Fried Green Tomatoes", "The River Wild", "Death Becomes Her", "Billy Madison", "Happy Gilmore", "Reality Bites", and "Problem Child", amongst others.
As a producer, Lieberman's most recent film is "House at the End of the Street", to be released in 2012 by Relativity Media and starring Jennifer Lawrence. Lieberman's other films include the critically acclaimed hit movie "Bridge to Terabithia" for Walt Disney Pictures, "Vacancy" for Sony Screen Gems and ' for Sony's Stage 6, ', starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Claire Danes, for Warner Brothers and Sony Pictures; "Around the World in Eighty Days", starring Jackie Chan, Steve Coogan and Arnold Schwarzenegger; and served as executive producer on Universal Pictures' "U-571" (starring Matthew McConaughey) and "The Jackal" (starring Bruce Willis and Richard Gere).
Lieberman currently has multiple projects in progress, including "Forever 21" for DreamWorks starring Elizabeth Banks, "The Secret Lives of Road Crews" (to be directed by Chris Columbus) for Paramount, "The Umbra" (to be directed by Joe Carnahan) for Endgame Entertainment, and "The Applicant" (to be directed by George Ratliff) for ATO Pictures. 

</doc>
<doc id="18686837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686837" title="Kyung Hee Cyber University">
Kyung Hee Cyber University

Kyung Hee Cyber University (KHCU) (Korean:경희사이버대학교) is a Korean online university. As of 2012, Kyung Hee Cyber University has 11,295 enrolled students. KHCU has 232 faculty members among 5 Schools and 19 Departments. KHCU was evaluated as 2007 Best Online University by the Ministry of Education of Korea. 
Based on the founding philosophy of creating a civilized world, Kyung Hee Cyber University has the 60-year tradition of the Kyung Hee University system. Since opening its doors in March 2001, it has been seeking peace for humanity and restoration of academic authority by harmonizing research, education and practice. Beginning with Hanoi University of Vietnam in 2004, Kyung Hee university entered into international exchange agreements with Ulaanbaatar University of Mongolia, Consortium of four Universities in the Philippines, The National Association for Korean Schools of the US, Delhi University of India and Srinakharinwirot University of Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="18686844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686844" title="Jagdstaffeln">
Jagdstaffeln

The jagdstaffeln (often abbreviated to jastas) were specialized fighter squadrons in the Luftstreitkräfte during World War I.
Background.
Before April 1916, the German Military Aviation Service, "(Die Fliegertruppen des deutschen Kaiserreiches)" which had existed since 1912, was largely organised in small general purpose units ("Feldfliegerabteilung") - although the formation of the first specialised bombing and close support units had begun during 1915. The "Feldfliegerabteilung" were completely subservient to the Army command to which they were attached. 
In the aftermath of the Battle of Verdun - during which the German side lost the air superiority built up during the so-called Fokker Scourge, and in particular, as a result of the superior performance of the Royal Flying Corps during the Battle of the Somme, a complete reorganisation of the German flying service took place. It was greatly expanded, renamed the "Deutschen Luftstreitkräfte" (reflecting a far greater degree of autonomy, although it remained an integral part of the army), and acquired a far greater number and variety of specialist units, including the first single-seater fighter units in German service, the "jagdstaffeln" (literally, "hunting squadrons").
History.
Fighter aircraft in German service had initially been issued in small numbers to various ordinary "Feldflieger-Abteilungen" for escort duties. Such pioneering pilots as Kurt Wintgens, Max Immelmann and Oswald Boelcke pioneered the more aggressive use of the early Fokker Eindecker fighters, but there were no actual fighter units. By April 1916, the air superiority established by the Eindecker pilots had long evaporated, and a target was set to establish 37 new squadrons in the next 12 months - entirely equipped with single seat fighters, and manned by specially selected and trained pilots, to counter the fighter squadrons already successfully operated by the Royal Flying Corps and the French "Aéronautique Militaire".
Boelcke, as the leading fighter pilot of the day, was called on to organise the manning, equipment and training, of the prototype for these new squadrons. This was Jasta 2 - the second of the first seven Jagdstaffeln to be established (on paper). Initially Jasta 2 was equipped with a motley collection of fighters, including the various early Fokker and Halberstadt "D" types. In September Jasta 2 began to receive the first of the superior Albatros fighters that would enable the German fighter squadrons to re-establish German air superiority in the following year. Boelcke himself was killed in an air collision on October 28 - but his tactics, especially formation flying and a combination of aggressiveness and prudence known as the Dicta Boelcke, remained the core of Jagdstaffel practice throughout the "Luftstreitkräfte's" fighter arm for the rest of the war. Several of the pilots of Jasta 2, trained by Boelcke, became noted fighter leaders in their own right - most notably, of course, Manfred von Richthofen.
By April 1917 the 37 jastas projected a year before were in service, and had established German air superiority on the Western Front - in fact April 1917 (known ever since as Bloody April) is still regarded as the most disastrous period in the history of British military aviation. This ascendency was not to last, as new allied fighters (most famously, the S.E.5a, the Sopwith Camel, and the SPAD S.XIII) were already starting to come into service, all of which more than matched the last of the Albatros fighters to see squadron service - the disappointing D.V/D.Va.
By this time, if not earlier, employment of the jagdstaffeln had become concentrated on the task of hindering the work of the Allied two-seater Corps, reconnaissance and bombing squadrons over the front itself, and German held territory. Offensive incursions by fighters any distance behind Allied lines were generally avoided, as risking a war of attrition that Germany was unlikely to win. 
Publicity surrounding the successful pilots of the jagdstaffeln rapidly established their status as elite units, and the various squadrons became associated with the different kingdoms of the German Empire. Most Jastas (eventually about 67 of them) were considered to be specifically Prussian; however other jastas were associated with the kingdoms of Bavaria, Saxony, and Wuerttemberg. The Bavarian units in particular were associated for organisational and supply purposes with the (theoretically independent) Bavarian army, which did not add to overall efficiency in these departments. 
In order to obtain a local and temporary air superiority larger fighter units were established, composed of several Jastas - and called "jagdgeschwader" and "jagdgruppen". These units were moved from one section of the front to another, as the tactical situation demanded. The most famous of these units was "Jagdgeschwader 1" - composed of Jastas 4, 6, 10 and 11, and commanded until his death by Richthofen. 
By March 1918 there were 80 Jagdstaffeln in the Luftstreitkräfte - most of them still entirely or partially equipped with Albatros D.Vs. Shortly after this, long overdue re-equipment with new types, most notably the Fokker D.VII, began - which for the first time since mid 1917 gave the Jastas equipment that matched their opponents'.
Personal colour schemes.
German aircraft left the factory in a standard finish - although this differed from one manufacturer to another. Initial clear varnish on both fabric and wooden surfaces had changed by 1916 to various camouflage schemes. In the Jagdstaffeln, however, this gave way to a riot of colour, as individual pilots took to repainting their machines to their own personal preferences.
In January 1917, when he took over Jasta 11 as its new commander, Richthofen celebrated by painting his Albatros red. His squadron followed suit - all painting at least part of their machines red - while reserving to their commander the distinction of an all-red machine.
Other jastas soon adopted the same fashion - until few German fighters flew entirely in the original manufacturers' finish - their fuselages in particular at least sporting their pilots' personal monogram, or perhaps his favourite colour(s) - even if the wings remained in camouflage. A squadron theme was sometimes followed, with all or most machines decorated in similar colours, or with similar motifs - but generally personal fancy seems to have been the order of the day.
More than one pilot (on both sides) recorded that the resulting contrast with the plain khaki brown of the RFC fighters was helpful to all involved in rapidly distinguishing friend from foe in the hurly burly of a dogfight. It also may well have visually aided the accreditation of air victories claimed by individual German fighter pilots.
External links.
The Aerodrome: Jastas

</doc>
<doc id="18686856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686856" title="A Rainy Day">
A Rainy Day

A Rainy Day is a one shot animated short from MGM created in 1940. It tells the story of a father bear trying to repair the roof of his house.
Plot.
Mother bear is singing happily as she cleans the house. Upon entering a room she notices light coming in through a hole in the roof. Annoyed that it has not yet been fixed, she calls to Father bear, disturbing him from his nap in a hammock. As he insists that it isn’t going to rain that day the sky suddenly clouds over and a thunder storm rapidly approaches. He reluctantly goes inside to inspect the hole, plugging it with his finger to demonstrate that water wouldn’t come in through such a small opening. Waiting until his wife has left, Father tries to remove his finger, only to find that it has become stuck. He manages to release it whilst also bringing down a section of the roof on his head, leaving a now massive hole. His attempts to set to work are hampered by a series of clumsy mishaps which infuriate him further. Poking her head into the room, Mother tells Father to relax and count to 10, an exercise which ends with him covered in red paint from a paint can that he furiously kicked.
Downstairs in the kitchen, Mother tells their son, Wilbur, to fetch Father a drink of water from the well, as Father struggles to get out onto the roof without damaging it further. The storm finally hits and he is caught in a deluge of rain, as well as struggling with lightning and fierce winds that blow the roof tiles into massive ‘waves’. He falls through the roof into a bedroom that is now completely filled with water. Hearing his son’s offers of more water and his wife’s incessant singing drift up through the house Father climbs into an underwater bed and, despondent, pulls a blanket over his head as the cartoon ends.

</doc>
<doc id="18686900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686900" title="Ressano Garcia">
Ressano Garcia

Maputo MatolaMozambique.
Transport.
Both road and rail cross the border here from Mozambique into South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="18686911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686911" title="History of Mauritania (1978–91)">
History of Mauritania (1978–91)

This article is about the history of Mauritania from 1978 to 1991. Mauritania, officially the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, is an Arab Maghreb country in West Africa. It is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean in the west, by Western Sahara in the north, by Algeria in the northeast, by Mali in the east and southeast, and by Senegal in the southwest. It is named after the ancient Berber Kingdom of Mauretania, which later became a province of the Roman Empire, even though the modern Mauritania covers a territory far to the south of the old Berber kingdom that had no relation with it.
Military withdrawal from the Western Sahara.
Under Mustapha Ould Salek, a twenty-man junta calling itself the Military Committee for National Recovery ("Comité Militaire de Redressement National", CMRN) assumed power. The CMRN was a centrist, moderate, pro-French and pro-Moroccan regime, whose first mandate was to bring peace to Mauritania. The Polisario, which believed Mauritania would withdrew from the war if given the opportunity, declared a unilateral cease-fire, which the CMRN accepted at once.
Salek and the CMRN then directed its collective diplomatic attention to Morocco, whose troops were still thought necessary to protect the operations of the National Mining and Industrial Company ("Société Nationale Industrielle et Minière", SNIM) and thus enable the Mauritanian economy to recover. Following Morocco's lead, the CMRN opposed the creation of a new, independent state in the Western Sahara, although Salek did not rule out the possibility of a federated state with limited autonomy. In the meantime, while Polisario guerrillas and Moroccan troops continued to fight, the Mauritanian Army withdrew from active participation in the war, although the CMRN was constrained from signing a peace treaty in order to placate Morocco. Within a short time, however, Polisario leaders had become increasingly impatient with Mauritania's inability to make a conclusive commitment to peace, and in April 1979 they demanded the evacuation of Mauritanian troops from Tiris al Gharbiyya as a precondition for further talks.
Downfall of Ould Salek.
The difficulties facing the Salek government multiplied and soon proved to be insurmountable. His regime failed to overcome Morocco's resistance to any settlement of the Western Sahara conflict. The death of Algerian president Houari Boumediene in December 1978 further heightened tensions. Also, Senegalese president Léopold Sédar Senghor, who was displeased with Salek's ties with Morocco, instigated a press campaign that highlighted racial problems in Mauritania. Salek did little to ease the racial problem when, in March 1979, he named eighty-one Maures and only seventeen blacks to his new national advisory committee. Finally, the French government lost confidence in Salek's ability to extricate Mauritania from both the Western Sahara war and Moroccan influence. Isolated and weak, Salek's government was overthrown on April 6, 1979, by Colonel Ahmed Ould Bouceif and Colonel Mohamed Khouna Haidalla, who formed the Military Committee for National Salvation ("Comité Militaire de Salut National", CMSN). Salek, however, was permitted to remain in the government as a figurehead president. In late May, Bouceif was killed in an airplane crash; Haidalla was designated prime minister, and Colonel Mohamed Louly was named president.
The Haidalla regime.
Like its predecessor, the CMSN sought first to negotiate peace with the Polisario without sacrificing its friendly ties with Morocco and France. In its domestic policies, the Maure-dominated CMSN embittered both black and Maure civilians because it refused to share power with either group. In addition, the government insisted on using Arabic exclusively in the secondary schools, provoking a wave of student protests in April 1979.
In July 1979, its patience exhausted, the Polisario ended its cease-fire. Confronted with endless warfare and total economic collapse, the CMSN on August 5 signed a peace treaty in Algeria with the Polisario, according to which Mauritania renounced all territorial and other claims over the Western Sahara. The Polisario, in return, renounced all claims regarding Mauritania. Most significant, Mauritania recognized the Polisario as the sole legitimate representative of the people of the Western Sahara, although in an effort to convince Morocco of its neutrality in the conflict, it did not recognize the Polisario's governing arm, the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR). The CMSN government also agreed to withdraw from Tiris al Gharbiyya. However, just a few days after the signing of the peace treaty, Morocco occupied Tiris al Gharbiyya, rendering the issue moot and threatening the peace.
Consolidation of power.
In Mauritania, Haidalla was faced with the daunting task of consolidating power. To his credit, in January 1980 he proclaimed Mauritanian neutrality in the Western Sahara conflict and convinced Morocco to evacuate all its troops from Mauritanian soil. From the beginning of his regime, however, Haidalla was viewed with hostility by the southern black population; a native of the Western Sahara, he was perceived by the blacks as an Arab and a northerner. He was also mistrusted by pro-Moroccan political groups because he had signed the peace treaty with the Polisario. To ensure strict Mauritanian neutrality in the ongoing conflict, he reshuffled the top echelons of the government, removing both pro-Moroccan and staunchly pro-Polisario factions. He also assumed the title of president and removed Louly and CMSN vice president Ahmed Salem Ould Sidi from office, thereby eliminating all serious political competitors.
Haidalla initiated several important policy changes to broaden his base of support. In 1980, to further strengthen his position with Mauritania's blacks and to undercut black opposition groups in Senegal, he officially abolished slavery. In December 1980, in the face of growing apprehension among CMSN members, he formed a civilian government, naming Ahmed Ould Bneijara prime minister. He also initiated steps to draft a constitution establishing a multiparty, democratic state.
Among Mauritanians both inside and outside the country, however, political opposition to Haidalla grew. In May 1980, following Haidalla's dismissal of Louly and Sidi, a number of foreign-based opposition movements joined together in France to form an opposition group called the Alliance for a Democratic Mauritania ("Alliance pour une Mauritanie Démocratique", AMD). The AMD wanted to restore civilian rule and introduce a multiparty democracy in Mauritania. Its principal political supporter was former President Moktar Ould Daddah, who as a result of French pressure had been released from prison in August 1979. Also joining the AMD was former Vice President Sidi. The AMD received financial support from those Arab states of the Persian Gulf that opposed Haidalla's anti-Moroccan leanings—he had moved to eliminate pro-Moroccan members of the CMSN—and his support of self-determination for the radical SADR. The same Arab states also reduced their aid to Mauritania, which only encouraged Haidalla to strengthen ties to more radical Arab countries like Libya and Iraq.
Meanwhile, relations with Morocco continued to deteriorate. Discord between the two countries had been mounting since early 1981, when Morocco accused Mauritania of sympathizing with the Polisario and harboring its fighters. Morocco was also responsible for rumors suggesting that Libya was shipping arms to the guerrillas via a landing strip at Chegga in northeastern Mauritania. On March 18, 1981, pro-Moroccan members of the AMD led by Sidi and former air force commander Mohamed Abdelkader attempted to topple the government. The coup failed, and both were subsequently executed. In April, following the attempt, Haidalla and the CMSN decided to abandon civilian rule and replaced the fledgling constitutional government with a six-member military government headed by Colonel Maaouiya Ould Sid Ahmed Ould Taya.
As Mauritania's relations with Morocco worsened, its ties with Algeria improved. Algeria cultivated a friendship with Haidalla and supplied him with sophisticated military equipment, ostensibly to deter invasion from Morocco. In June 1981, in an effort to restore diplomatic relations with Morocco, Haidalla agreed to a summit meeting to be arranged and hosted by Saudi Arabia, one of Mauritania's largest aid donors. At the summit, Morocco's King Hassan II and Haidalla signed an agreement restoring diplomatic relations and prohibiting the transit through either country of forces hostile to the other. This last provision alluded to both the Polisario and the Moroccan branch of the AMD. The reconciliation, however, was short lived. On the one hand, Morocco refused to expel AMD members, and on the other hand King Hassan accused Mauritania of allowing Polisario guerrillas to launch attacks against Morocco from Mauritanian base camps. Subsequently, Moroccan aircraft bombed the Mauritanian city of Bir Aidiat near the border with the Western Sahara, where Polisario guerrillas had taken refuge, and threatened further reprisals against Mauritania.
In February 1982, former CMSN president Salek and former Prime Minister Bneijara, among others, tried unsuccessfully to oust Haidalla. Having survived a second coup attempt, Haidalla relied on his forceful personality, self-discipline, and integrity to gain the respect of many of his countrymen. The eleven-month period between February 1982 and January 1983 gave the regime the opportunity to politicize the population. Haidalla hoped that by establishing a working foundation of civilian politics he could abolish the military regime and be elected to office as a civilian. Accordingly, in 1982 the government organized what were labeled Structures for Educating the Masses (Structures pour l'Education des Masses—SEM), which acted on a range of public issues through elected delegates. Haidalla also pursued his goal of national reconciliation by releasing some of the political prisoners incarcerated since the overthrow of the Daddah regime.
Domestic peace was shattered briefly in January 1983, first when Haidalla discovered a coup plot supported by Libya and, later, when a Moroccan gunboat attacked a Mauritanian garrison near La Guera, the only Western Sahara territory still occupied by Mauritania. Although neither incident caused any casualties or serious diplomatic repercussions, the Moroccan attack demonstrated Mauritania's continuing vulnerability. Haidalla responded to these incidents by strengthening relations with France; the latter had already been instrumental in reestablishing communication between the Mauritanian and Moroccan governments following their 1981 break. The more significant diplomatic movement, however, saw Haidalla develop warmer relations with Algeria and the SADR. During the June 1983 summit meeting of the Organization of African Unity in Ethiopia, Haidalla joined Senegalese president Abdou Diouf and Ethiopian leader Mengistu Haile Mariam in drafting a resolution calling for a cease-fire and peace negotiations in the Western Sahara. Morocco failed to comply with the resolution by the end of the year, and Haidalla recognized the SADR in February 1984.
The January 1983 Libyan-supported coup plot had soured relations between Mauritania and Libya; however, Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi, a strong supporter of the Polisario, took advantage of Mauritania's break with Morocco and began a new campaign to reestablish cordial ties with Haidalla. Haidalla's warming relations with Libya, Algeria, and the Polisario, however, alienated the conservative Arab countries on which Mauritania depended for most of its economic aid and also factions in his own government, which favored ties to Morocco, and those who opposed the existence of the SADR. Moreover, Haidalla angered many CMSN members by his decision to recognize the SADR without consulting them.
More ominous was Morocco's movement of troops toward Mauritania's northern border in the aftermath of Mauritania's recognition of the SADR. The presence of thousands of Moroccan soldiers on the Mauritanian border, only four kilometers from Mauritania's key economic center at Nouadhibou, again raised the possibility of another Moroccan attack on La Guera. In addition, Morocco had begun to construct a berm near the Mauritanian border that would restrict Polisario guerrillas to Mauritanian territory for their rear bases, thus providing Morocco with justification for attacking northern Mauritania.
Political disintegration.
By 1984 the Haidalla regime was under siege not only for its regional policies but also for corruption and mismanagement, especially within the SEMs, which were viewed by the population as vehicles for advancing the president's own interests. Furthermore, upheavals in the military compromised the loyalty of key officers, particularly at a time when the army was being asked to perform the impossible task of protecting Mauritania's vast northern regions from Morocco's attacks across the border. A severe drought compounded the regime's difficulties, forcing much of the population into the country's few urban areas and increasing Mauritania's dependence on foreign economic aid.
In the third ministerial purge in six months, Haidalla named himself prime minister in March 1984 and took over the defense portfolio. Taya, who had held both positions, was demoted to chief of staff of the armed forces. The move infuriated Taya's allies on the CMSN. As chairman of the CMSN, Haidalla was supposed to represent a collective body. Instead, he attempted to amass considerable personal power and alienated many in the top echelons of government. On December 12, 1984, while Haidalla was out of the country, Taya, in a quiet and bloodless coup d'état, became Mauritania's president.
1985-1991.
In April 1986, the Manifesto of the Oppressed Black Mauritanian ("Manifeste du négro-mauritanien opprimé"), which documented discrimination against Mauritania's black populations in every sector of public life, was published by the African Liberation Forces of Mauritania (FLAM; "Force pour la Liberation Africaine de Mauritanie"). In response, in September 1986, 30 to 40 black intellectuals suspected of involvement in the publication of the Manifesto were arrested and subjected to brutal interrogations. They were not allowed visitors until November 1987. In the meantime, the authorities cracked down on black communities, often using mass arrests as a form of intimidation.
In October 1987, the government allegedly uncovered a tentative coup d'État by a group of black army officers, backed, according to the authorities, by Senegal. Fifty one officers were arrested and subjected to interrogation and torture. The torture consisted of “beatings, burns, electric shocks applied to the genitals, stripping prisoners naked and pouring cold water over them, burying prisoners in sand to their necks, and subjecting prisoners to jaguar, which consists of tying a victim’s hands and feet, suspending him upside down from a bar, and beating him particularly on the soles of the feet”. They were accused of “endangering the security of the State by participating in a conspiracy to overthrow the government and to provoke killing and devastation among the inhabitants of the country” and tried following a special summary procedure. Three of the officers arrested in October were sentenced to death; eighteen were sentenced to life imprisonment (including two who died in detention in 1988); nine were sentenced to twenty years; five were sentenced to ten years; three were given five years; six were given five-year suspended sentences with heavy fines; and seven were acquitted. None of those convicted were permitted to appeal.
The discord between conflicting visions of Mauritanian society as either black or Arab, again rose to the surface during the intercommunal violence that broke out in April 1989 (the "1989 Events"), when a Mauritania-Senegal border dispute escalated into violence between the two communities.
In villages of the South, blacks were indiscriminately expelled by security forces, who forced them to cross the Senegalese River to Senegal, taking their identity card and their belongings. Those who resisted or who tried to flee with their belongings were arrested, imprisoned and sometimes executed.
In the larger towns and cities, the authorities targeted black civil servants, employees of private institutions, trade unionists, former political prisoners and, in some instances, the wives of political prisoners.
Tens of thousands of black Mauritanians fled or were expelled from the country,[http://www.hrw.org/reports/1989/WR89/Mauritan.htm] and many remain in Senegal as refugees. This is also where the black Mauritanian movement FLAM is based. Although tension has since subsided, the Arab-African racial tension remains an important feature of the political dialogue today. The country continues to experience ethnic tensions between its black minority population and the dominant Mauri (Arab-Berber) populace. A significant number from both groups, however, seek a more diverse, pluralistic society.

</doc>
<doc id="18686921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686921" title="WWHN">
WWHN

WWHN is a radio station licensed in Joliet, Illinois serving the Chicago metropolitan area with an urban contemporary gospel format. It operates on AM frequency 1510 kHz and is under ownership of Hawkins Broadcasting Company.
Because it shares the same frequency as "clear channel" station WLAC in Nashville, Tennessee, WWHN operates during the Daytime hours only.
History.
The station first began broadcasting in 1964 as WJRC. As WJRC the station aired a number of formats including Adult contemporary. The station's callsign was changed to WWHN on September 14, 1987. In April 1988, WWHN was purchased by Raymond and Tornelia Hawkins. The station then aired a Oldies format, before adopting its current Gospel format in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18686954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686954" title="Lac-Despinassy, Quebec">
Lac-Despinassy, Quebec

Lac-Despinassy is an unorganized territory in the Canadian province of Quebec, located within the Abitibi Regional County Municipality. The area is east of the municipality of Saint-Dominique-du-Rosaire, north of La Morandière, Rochebaucourt and the parish municipality of Senneterre, and west of the city of Senneterre.
The eponymous Lake Despinassy is the territory's largest lake and is named after the geographic township of Despinassy. This name was already assigned to the area in 1911 and comes from Louis-Auguste-Victor Despinassy, a lieutenant of the Royal Artillery and Engineers Corps in General Montcalm's army. The township is swampy, mostly forested, and flat, not exceeding above sea level. The Hurault and Lavigne Creeks, as well as the Despinassy and Laflamme Rivers, flow through the territory, while the Bell River forms its eastern boundary.
A few kilometres west from Lake Despinassy along Route 397 is the hamlet of Despinassy (), the territory's only population centre. Founded in 1948, it is one of the youngest communities in the Abitibi. By 1952, there were 140 families, but most have since left. Currently the area is being explored for potential mining of gold deposits.
Demographics.
Population trend:
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18686972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686972" title="List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2001">
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Albums of 2001

The "Billboard" Top Latin albums chart, published in "Billboard" magazine, is a chart that features Latin music sales information. This data are complied by Nielsen SoundScan from a sample that includes music stores, music departments at electronics and department stores, internet sales (both physical and via digital downloads) and verifiable sales from concert venues in United States.
There were twenty number-one albums on this chart in 2001, including the first Spanish language album by Christina Aguilera, which spent five weeks at the top in 2001 and 14 weeks in 2000 and won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Album. Ricky Martin, Marco Antonio Solís, Conjunto Primavera and Los Tigres del Norte hit the top spot for the second time on their careers, respectively. Singer-songwriter Marc Anthony with "Libre" achieved his third chart-topper on this list. Grupo Bryndis became the third act to release two number-one albums in the same year, after Tex-Mex performer Selena on 1995 and 1996 (see: Top Latin Albums of 1995 and Top Latin Albums of 1996) and Enrique Iglesias in 1999 (see: Top Latin Albums of 1999).
Vicente Fernández, Víctor Manuelle, Lupillo Rivera, A.B. Quintanilla and Kumbia Kings, El Original de la Sierra, Jaguares, Joan Sebastian, Ozomatli, Carlos Vives and Los Ángeles de Charly peaked at number one for the first time. "Paulina" by Mexican performer Paulina Rubio received three Latin Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year and ended the year as the best selling Latin album of 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18686978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686978" title="Pamela Jones Harbour">
Pamela Jones Harbour

Pamela Jones Harbour (born July 15, 1959 in Albany, New York) was a former commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission, a department of the United States Government. She was sworn in on August 4, 2003, to a seven-year term that expired September 2009. She joined the International Law Firm of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P. in May 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18686980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686980" title="Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District">
Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District

The Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District is located adjacent to Drake Park near the historic downtown area in Bend, Oregon, United States. Because of the unique and varied architecture in the Drake Park neighborhood and its close association with the early development of the city of Bend, the area was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Location.
The Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District is located in Bend, Oregon. It includes 17 city blocks with 83 individual residential lots. The streets that constitute the boundaries of the district are Riverside Boulevard on the north and west next to Drake Park; Tumalo Avenue on the south; Broadway Street on the southeast; and Franklin Avenue on the northeast corner.
The district is above sea level. The area is relatively flat, sloping gently to the west towards the Deschutes River which runs through Drake Park. Large Ponderosa Pine trees are scattered throughout the district. Many retaining walls and other landscape elements in the neighborhood are made of local basalt fieldstone.
History.
In 1910, Alexander M. Drake, owner of the Pilot Butte Development Company, subdivided the land that is now Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District into residential lots. The area was laid out south of a curving boulevard that followed the Deschutes River. Lots in the subdivision originally sold for $100 to $250, equivalent to $ to $ today. In 1921, along the river, adjacent to the subdivision, were sold to the city of Bend to create Drake Park. That same year, State Street was the third street in Bend to be paved.
The spacious lots were considered highly desirable because they were close to Drake Park, which runs along the east side of the Deschutes River. In addition, many home sites had choice views of the Cascade Mountain peaks. The area was only a block away from Bend's downtown business district so the city hall, public library, and local Catholic, Methodist, and Episcopalian churches were within easy walking distance. The district was also within walking distance of the Brooks-Scanlon and Shevlin-Hixon lumber mills. As a result, the Drake Park district quickly became the preferred neighborhood for the city's most prominent businessmen.
Over the years, residents of the district included many prominent business and civic leaders who contributed to the development of the city of Bend and helped make it the commercial hub of central Oregon. The residents included owners and managers of the city's large lumber mills; owners of downtown businesses, hotels, and other enterprises; and professional men and women. In addition, many of the city's mayors, city council members, and Deschutes County commissioners lived in the neighborhood.
With the exception of three houses, all the homes in the historic district were built between 1910 and 1954. The homes in the Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District are unique, and the area's development parallels the growth of Bend as the city grew from 536 people in 1910 to over 11,000 in 1950. As a result, the Drake Park neighborhood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
Architecture.
There are 110 contributing structures on 83 residential lots within the boundary of the Drake Park Neighborhood Historic District. The district has an unusually high concentration of diverse architecture with unique cultural value. The neighborhood also has maintained its architectural integrity with eighty-one percent of the homes and sixty-five percent of the non-residential structures contributing to its historic value.
Most of the houses built between 1910 and 1919 are American Craftsman style homes. In the early 1920s, a number of American Colonial style homes were built in the neighborhood; however, Craftsman-style homes continued to be popular as well. Beginning around 1925, other architectural styles were introduced to the neighborhood, including Tudor, English Cottage, Cape Cod, Dutch Colonial, and designs. During the 1930s very few homes were built, but those that were reflected a variety of tastes. In the 1940s, the residents tended to favor more modern designs. The last two historic homes, both built in the 1950s, are a California Ranch style design and a post-war modern tract house. Since 1954, the neighborhood has remained relatively stable and has retained its architectural integrity. A total of fourteen architectural styles are represented in the district.
Four houses within the district were previously listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The four previously listed homes are the George Palmer Putnam House, the Thomas McCann House, the Robert D. Moore House, and the Benjamin Hamilton House. The Putnam house, built in 1911, is an American Craftsman style home located on Congress Street. The McCann house is also on Congress Street. It is a Georgian Revival style home built in 1915. The McCann house was designed by David C. Lewis, a prominent Portland architect who also designed the European Building for the 1905 Lewis and Clark Exposition. The Moore house is a Colonial Revival style home built on Congress Street in 1921. The Hamilton house, on State Street, is a one-story Craftsman-style bungalow built in 1923.
There are a number of other distinguished homes in the district including the John and Jennie Keyes House, built in 1913. It is a two-story Craftsman style home located on Riverside Boulevard. The home was designed by Bend’s most prominent architect of the time, J. W. Dimick. The James and Ruth Overturf House was built in 1916. It is another craftsman style bungalow located on Congress Street. In 2002, the house was carefully restored to its original architectural design. The Samuel Blakely House was built in 1919. It is a restored Craftsman bungalow located on Congress Street. Finally, the Fredrick and Myrtle Lieuallen House on Riverside Boulevard is a beautiful Tudor-style home built in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18686991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686991" title="Muxia, Mozambique">
Muxia, Mozambique

Muxia is a railway town and junction, between Maputo and the South African border.
Transport.
Adjacent stations are:

</doc>
<doc id="18686995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686995" title="Repossessions">
Repossessions

Repossessions is a studio album by American rapper San Quinn. It is a collection of songs taken from various other projects and compilations that San Quinn recorded for until 2002, as well as two previously unreleased songs. It features appearances from Keak Da Sneak, Messy Marv and Willie Hen and production by Nick Peace, Tone Capone and Icey Mike Beats.

</doc>
<doc id="18686997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18686997" title="Jamie Slocum">
Jamie Slocum

Jamie Slocum is an American Christian Worship leader, singer, songwriter and producer from Grants Pass, Oregon. He was raised in Phoenix, Arizona and moved to Nashville in the 1990s. He started as a staff songwriter for Curb Records. Music Mogul Mike Curb thought Slocum should be doing his own music, which led to a record deal. Slocum continues to tour and produce records internationally. He is currently on Curb records in Nashville, where he resides with his family.
Slocum has written and produced many hit songs for Country/Pop and Christian music as well as many jingles. "Grace Changes Everything" was his first hit as a solo artist and climbed to No. 7 (AC radio 2000).
Jamie Slocum's single " Dependence" (Curb 2009) was a number No. 1 hit for 11 weeks on light AC radio. His latest album, "Dependence" also arrived in 2011 The "expanded edition" also includes more new music and his latest hit song " Just Another Mountain".( Dependence "expanded edition" was Slocum's first number # 1 album 6-11-11) The title cut was nominated for "Inspirational Song of the Year" for the Dove Awards. Also from the same album, "Fragile" became a top ten song on Billboard light AC radio in March 2010. "Dependence" "Fragile " and "Just Another Mountain" are all featured videos where they reach a broader market.
In March 2011 Curb Records released a brand new Slocum worship song and video called "Just Another Mountain," ( top ten hit 6-12-11) with plans for a tour.
August 2013: Slocum is completing work on his next music project for Curb records.
Discography.
Slocum's first album entitled "Somewhere Under Heaven," produced by Keith Olsen and himself, was recorded and mixed at "Goodnight L.A" studios. The CD has been considered more pop leaning than his later works, which are more decidedly Contemporary Christian. It featured Elliot Easton (of The Cars) Alex Ligertwood (of Santana) and Tim Pierce on guitars, and garnered Slocum a Dove nomination for "New Artist of the Year." 
Slocum's second album was "Grace Changes Everything" (2000) on "Freedom Records." Slocum produced the album himself, and gained his first major hit with the title track. The album featured "Wounded," and a cover version of "Bless the Broken Road." The album additionally features a Norman Greenbaum classic predating Slocum's own birth, "Spirit in the Sky." His follow up album was "My Heart Knows" (2003) on Curb Records, which included two number one songs, "By Your Side" and "I Cannot Turn Away." The album "Dependence" was also released through Curb in April 2009, with hits "Dependence" and "Fragile."
September 2011 Jamie Slocum's music was used in the film " Breaking the Press" ( 20th Century Fox)
Jamie's songs " Dependence" and Jesus take my Hand" ( CURB records) were both in the film. The later was the theme song.
August 2012: A new song from Jamie Slocum's upcoming 2013 CURB Project titled: "You are the reason" ( Reaching number #4 on the billboard light AC chart) is released to radio from CURB records. Song was Produced By Jamie Slocum and written by Jamie Slocum and Chicago lead singer and bass player Jason Scheff.
2013 Jamie Slocum is completing work on his next music CD again for the Curb label.

</doc>
<doc id="18687000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687000" title="Dúnlaing mac Muiredaig">
Dúnlaing mac Muiredaig

Dúnlaing mac Muiredaig (died 869) was a King of Leinster of the Uí Muiredaig sept of the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin. This sept had their royal seat at Maistiu (Mullaghmast) in South Kildare. He was the son of Muiredach mac Brain (died 818), a previous king. He ruled from 863 to 869.
There is much confusion in the king lists during this period for Leinster. Between 838-871 the title King of Leinster is not recorded in the "Annals of Ulster". The death of Dúnlaing is not recorded in this annal but is recorded in other annals. Francis John Byrne suggests that the root of this apparent confusion lay in the fact that the Uí Dúnlainge kings exercised little real authority due to the aggressions of their western neighbour Cerball mac Dúnlainge (died 888), King of Osraige. Cerball, while unable to install himself as king of Leinster, was able to prevent any rival king exercising real power there.
In 868 the annals record that the Laigin participated with the Uí Néill of Brega and Norse at the Battle of Cell Ua nDaigri on the Boyne estuary. They were defeated by the high king Áed Findliath (died 879). Dúnlaing's name is not mentioned with connection to this event.
His son Ailill mac Dúnlainge (died 871) was also a King of Leinster. Another son Cairpre mac Dúnlainge (died 884) was King of Iarthair Liffey or western Liffey. 

</doc>
<doc id="18687021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687021" title="Hutt (New Zealand electorate)">
Hutt (New Zealand electorate)

Hutt was a New Zealand parliamentary electorate. It was one of the original electorates in 1853 and existed during two periods until 1978. It was represented by 13 Members of Parliament.
Population centres.
The Representation Act 1900 had increased the membership of the House of Representatives from general electorates 70 to 76, and this was implemented through the 1902 electoral redistribution. In 1902, changes to the country quota affected the three-member electorates in the four main centres. The tolerance between electorates was increased to ±1,250 so that the Representation Commissions (since 1896, there had been separate commissions for the North and South Islands) could take greater account of communities of interest. These changes proved very disruptive to existing boundaries, and six electorates were established for the first time, and two electorates that previously existed were re-established, including Hutt.
The main population centre in the electorate was the city of Lower Hutt in the Hutt Valley.
History.
The Hutt seat first existed from 1853 to 1870 as a two-member electorate.
At the opening of the 6th session of the 2nd Parliament on 10 April 1858, the speaker read out 14 resignations, including those of Dillon Bell and Samuel Revans. Bell moved to Otago and continued his political career there. On 31 July 1858, a by-election was held, and Alfred Renall and William Fitzherbert were returned.
From 1871 onwards, the electorate was a single-member constituency. Fitzherbert contested the general election on 29 December 1875 against Hutchison and obtained 178 votes, with Hutchison receiving 38. He retained the Hutt electorate until his resignation in 1879, so that he could appointed to the Legislative Council. H. Jackson won the resulting by-election against T. Mason, but Mason was successful against Jackson at the 1879 general election a few months later.
The electorate was abolished in 1893.
In 1902 the seat was recreated and was won by the Liberal leader Thomas Wilford. His party allegiance changed to the United Party, which took over from the Liberal Party by 1928. He resigned in 1929, and the ensuing by-election was won by Walter Nash. Nash became Minister of Finance and Prime Minister, and retired in 1968. The seat was then held by Trevor Young, also for Labour.
When the seat was split into Eastern Hutt and Western Hutt in 1978, Young won the new Eastern Hutt seat for Labour.
Election results.
1853 to 1870.
From 1853 to 1870, Hutt was a two-member electorate represented by six Members of Parliament:
1871 to 1893.
From 1871 to 1893, the electorate was represented by a further four Members of Parliament, with Fitzherbert continuing his term:
1902 to 1978.
From 1902 to 1978, the electorate was represented by three Members of Parliament:

</doc>
<doc id="18687028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687028" title="Gaius Julius Agrippa">
Gaius Julius Agrippa

Gaius Julius Agrippa (, about 72 – before 150) was a Cilician Prince and the first-born son of King Gaius Julius Alexander and Queen Julia Iotapa of Cetis. He had two younger siblings: a brother called Gaius Julius Alexander Berenicianus and a sister called Julia Iotapa.
Surviving inscriptions on his family reveal that his family were related to important members of Asian, non-Jewish and Jewish aristocracy. He was of Jewish, Nabataean, Edomite, Greek, Armenian, Medes and Persian origins. His paternal grandparents were King Tigranes VI of Armenia and his wife Opgalli. Through Tigranes, he was a descendant of King Archelaus of Cappadocia, King of Judea Herod the Great and his wife Mariamne. Agrippa along with his family and paternal relatives were among the last known descendants of the Herodian Dynasty. He was an apostate to Judaism. It is unlikely that Agrippa attempted to exert influence on Judean Politics. His name indicates that the family connections from the Herodian Dynasty were not wholly broken. His maternal grandparents were King Antiochus IV of Commagene and Queen Julia Iotapa. 
The Kingdom of Cetis was a small client state in the Roman Empire. Cetis was a small region in Cilicia that was previously ruled by his Cappadocian royal ancestors and Antiochus IV. The city in Cilicia Elaiussa Sebaste was a part of the Kingdom. When his parents married in Rome in 58, then Roman Emperor Nero crowned his parents as monarchs and gave them that region to rule. He was born, raised and educated in Cetis. 
There is an honorific inscription dedicated to him as a "‘son of King Alexander’". In 94, Agrippa along with his brother Berenicianus entered the Roman Senate. Surviving inscriptions also reveal the career of Agrippa. Agrippa became and served as a Quaestor for the Roman Province of Asia. Before 109, Agrippa served as a Praetorian Guard, before his father reached and served as a consul or suffect consul. 
Agrippa married a Roman woman who belonged or was related to the Fabia (gens). From this marriage Agrippa had two sons, a younger Gaius Julius Agrippa and Lucius Julius Gainius Fabius Agrippa. A possible descendant from his family was the usurper of the 3rd century Jotapianus.

</doc>
<doc id="18687053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687053" title="Whitecourt Star">
Whitecourt Star

The Whitecourt Star is a weekly newspaper serving the Whitecourt, Alberta area. It is is the paper of record for Whitecourt.

</doc>
<doc id="18687054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687054" title="Tom Shone">
Tom Shone

Tom Shone is an American film critic and writer. He was the Sunday Times film critic from 1994 to 1999 and has written for "Vogue", "Slate", the "New Yorker", the "New York Times" and "The Guardian'. Blog: http://tomshone.blogspot.com/
He is the author of "Blockbuster: How Hollywood Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Summer", published in 2004 by Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0-7432-6838-5. The book is an analysis of the Hollywood blockbuster phenomenon driven chiefly by Steven Spielberg and George Lucas in the 1970s, based on interviews with these and other film-makers. (“The film book of the year... enthralling... groundbreaking," The Daily Telegraph) Shone's first novel, "In the Rooms" ("A sweet and savvy page-turner" — Gary Shteyngart) was published in the U.K. by Hutchinson on July 2, 2009 and in the U.S. by St Martin's Press in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18687066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687066" title="Alec Mutch">
Alec Mutch

Alec Mutch (born 31 March 1889) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the VFL during the 1910s and early 1920s. Also known as Alex Mutch.
A defender who was used mainly in the back pockets, Mutch made his VFL debut in the same game as future Hall of Famer Dan Minogue. He was a member of Collingwood's 1917 premiership team and was one of the 'Best on Ground' in another Grand Final win two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="18687071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687071" title="What Them Girls Like">
What Them Girls Like

"What Them Girls Like" is the first single from Ludacris's sixth studio album "Theater of the Mind". The single features Chris Brown and Sean Garrett and is produced by Darkchild.
Release.
The song was available on iTunes Store on August 7, 2008. It was leaked to the internet on August 1, 2008.
Critical reception.
Allmusic editor David Jeffries called this song completely unsurprising, with rock-solid hook. Ken Copabianco described the song: His "sex talk is good-natured and slyly insightful about love ("What Them Girls Like")" XXL Magazine wrote a mixed review: "Elsewhere, he’s just straight reaching—“What Them Girls Like,” for instance, where, despite taking a cue from 2000’s Mel Gibson chick flick What Women Want, there’s no real solid connection established between the film and the actual song."
Music video.
The music video premiered on Yahoo! Music on September 11. The video takes cues from the Mel Gibson movie "What Women Want". The music video premiered on BET and later appeared at #80 on the "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2008" countdown. Comfort Fedoke, DeRay Davis, Tyrese Gibson, Teairra Mari, , Kristia Krueger, Amber Rose, Joe & Gavin Maloof, and La La made cameo appearances in the video. There is a 40-second intro before the music starts in the video.

</doc>
<doc id="18687077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687077" title="Jean Aicardi">
Jean Aicardi

Jean Aicardi (born 1926) is a French doctor.
Aicardi syndrome and Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome are named after him.
Aicardi syndrome only affects females, and in very rare cases, males with Klinefelter syndrome (XXY).

</doc>
<doc id="18687079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687079" title="The Story of Bohemian Rhapsody">
The Story of Bohemian Rhapsody

The Story of Bohemian Rhapsody is a 2004 documentary about the song "Bohemian Rhapsody", written by the lead singer of Queen, Freddie Mercury.
The programme.
The story of Bohemian Rhapsody is narrated by Richard E. Grant, and runs for approximately 57 minutes. Throughout the programme, Brian May and Roger Taylor revisit the place where they recorded the 1975 album "A Night at the Opera", and discuss the song and the video.

</doc>
<doc id="18687094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687094" title="Goran Nerić">
Goran Nerić

Goran Neric (born in Goražde, Yugoslavia) is an international (Canada, France, USA) filmmaker and cinematographer. 
His documentary film “Zona Arizona” was awarded at the festival “Traces de vies” (Rencontres du film documentaire) at Clermont-Ferrand, France. For this film, he draws inspiration from culturally diverse sources of former Yugoslavia and tries to show that the common life between belligerents is still possible on this soil, destroyed by civil war tragedy.
In 2005, his film “Champion’s Zone” ("La Zone des Champions") for which he was credited as the writer and directing consultant, was nominated by the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television for a Gémeaux award in the Best Sports Program.
He graduated in Film Directing from the ESRA Paris - Côte d'Azur (Ecole Supérieure de Realisation Audiovisuelle) and holds a Master's degree (M.A.) in Film Studies from the University of Montreal and a Bachelor's degree in Economic Sciences.
In his youth, Goran Neric participated in international sport competitions. He is a former Yugoslavian handball player and Olympian.

</doc>
<doc id="18687112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687112" title="A Modern Jazz Symposium of Music and Poetry">
A Modern Jazz Symposium of Music and Poetry

A Modern Jazz Symposium of Music and Poetry is an album by jazz bassist Charles Mingus. In spite of the title, the album does not contain any poetry. "Scenes in the City", however, includes narration performed by Melvin Stewart and written by actor Lonne Elder with assistance from Langston Hughes. The composition "Duke's Choice" re-appears, in updated form, as "I X Love" on the 1963 album "Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus". "Nouroog", "Duke's Choice" and "Slippers" form the basis of the suite "Open Letter to Duke" on "Mingus Ah Um". "The Penguin Guide to Jazz" gives the album a three-star review (of a possible four stars), and describes it as "an opportunity for Mingus to experiment with texts and with pure sound". The "Penguin" editors furthermore cite Clarence Shaw's performance on "New York Sketchbook" as "the best trumpet heard on a Mingus album for some time before or since".
Track listing.
All titles by Charles Mingus, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="18687115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687115" title="Philmont (band)">
Philmont (band)

Philmont was an American pop-punk influenced Christian rock band based out of Charlotte, North Carolina. They were signed to Forefront Records / EMI CMG until Spring 2010. Their debut album, "Attention", was released on August 25, 2009. They released two independent EPs before breaking up in August 2012.
Early Years/"Take Cover" EP (2005-2006).
Philmont was formed by Scott Taube, Josiah Prince, Abe Hege, and Matthew Arcaini in Summer of 2005. They recorded their independent debut EP "Take Cover" in December of that year. One year later, Philmont traveled to Eudora, Kansas to record their "Photosynthetic" EP at Black Lodge Studios with Ed Rose. Matthew Arcaini, who left the band after "Take Cover", produced a track on the "Photosynthetic" EP as well. The band has also recorded some demos in 2005.
"Photosynthetic" EP (2006-2007).
Philmont released "Photosynthetic" independently on March 6, 2007 at Tremont Music Hall in Charlotte. That July, after adding Justin Sams on bass, the band performed at the 2007 Cornerstone Festival in Bushnell, Illinois, where they were discovered by representatives of EMI-CMG. Philmont showcased for the label group that Fall, and were soon offered a recording contract with Forefront Records. Hege unexpectedly left the band just before the signing was to take place. Todd Davis had played in a band with Josiah prior to Philmont, and was recruited on short notice. Philmont signed the deal a few days before Christmas 2007.
"Oh Snap" EP (2008-2009).
After signing with Forefront, the band spent several months writing songs in preparation for recording their first full-length album. They spent April and May 2008 recording twelve songs in Nashville, Tennessee with producer Rob Hawkins. The five-song "Oh Snap" EP was digitally released on August 19, 2008, and physically released on April 21, 2009. Their first single "I Can't Stand to Fall" was released to CHR and Christian Rock Radio in July 2008.
Philmont released their debut full-length "Attention" on August 25, 2009.
In September 2008, a music video for EP song "The Difference" was released to YouTube. The band filmed and directed the entire video themselves, as documented in a "behind-the-scenes" video, also available on YouTube. The music video has gained exposure on TV programming such as Steelroots, JCTV, The Merge, and Gospel Music Channel; it was included in the Spring 2009 video playlist for American Eagle stores nationwide, and was also featured on the X 2009 CD/DVD compilation. Four other self-made music videos have been released since then, for the songs "I Can't Stand to Fall", "Back Down", "Another Name", and "My Hippocratic Oath". All the music videos can be seen on YouTube, and are included with the purchase of "Attention" on iTunes.
"Attention" (2009-2010).
Philmont has toured internationally in support of "Attention" with many bands including Family Force 5, Fireflight, Pillar, This Beautiful Republic, Eleventyseven, Addison Road, Wavorly, and Capital Lights. Philmont added Josh Guion as a touring bassist in late 2009, moving Justin to rhythm guitar and Scott to vocals-only.
In a post on the official Philmont blog, March 3, 2010, Todd Davis announced his departure from the band, describing the events of his final show with his bandmates. After Todd's departure, Philmont recruited Nashville drummer, Scott Sellers as a brief fill-in before announcing permanent drummer Jeremi Hough, as well as the promotion of Josh Guion to band member.
"The Transition" EP (2010-2012).
On August 11, 2010 the band put out a new single, "You Will Remain", on iTunes independently, after their departure from Forefront Records. Philmont started an online fundraiser through Kickstarter in September to help finish "The Transition EP", as mixing and mastering still needed completion and the band lacked funding. People who donated through the website received various Philmont rewards based on how much they donated. "The Transition EP" was released on October 19.
On March 11, 2011 they released the music video for "Closer".
On July 28, 2011 Jeremi Hough left to get married and to move on. On October 5, 2011 the lead singer of Philmont said on a blog that they would release videos of some NEW demos. On November 12, 2011 Philmont said that they finished vocals for a demo titled "Good Morning Sunrise". In a blog on December 14, 2011, Justin Sams wrote that he is leaving the band to become an art designer and tattoo artist.
"Rearranged and Unplugged" and Break-up (2012-present).
Philmont has released a new, acoustic EP, "Rearranged and Unplugged", on February 8, 2012. On May 29, 2012, founding member Josiah Prince announced he was leaving the band. On July 13, 2012, the band announced that they were going to break-up. The lead singer said in a blog that he, his wife and Josh would be writing on a new project. Philmont's last concert was August 31, 2012, at Lifelight Festival in Worthing, South Dakota.

</doc>
<doc id="18687127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687127" title="John-Laffnie de Jager">
John-Laffnie de Jager

John-Laffnie de Jager (born 17 March 1973) is a South African former tour professional tennis player. A doubles specialist, de Jager reached the semi-finals for three different grand slam tournaments three times in three different years partnering three different fellow South African players. de Jager is the current non-playing captain of the South Africa Davis Cup team.
Career.
A native of Johannesburg, de Jager turned professional in 1992 during which year he played his only tour singles. He won two of five matches he played on the challenger circuit and reached through qualifying the main draw at Wimbledon, where he lost in the first round to future champion Richard Krajicek, 7–5 6–1 6–2. He played but one other event in singles, a challenger in Dublin in October, before focussing his tennis exclusively on doubles. His career high singles ranking stood at World No. 313, reached in October.
De Jager won back-to-back challenger events in doubles in September 1991, partnering compatriots, in Madeira partnering Byron Talbot and in Jerusalem with Christo van Rensburg. He played some half dozen times with Van Rensburg in 1991-2 and some dozen times, but with limited success, with Johan De Beer. He won two more challenger events the following year, in June partnering Zimbabwean Byron Black and in November with Capetonian Marius Barnard. 1993 saw de Jager reach his first of three grand slam semis, in partnership with yet another South African, Marcos Ondruska. Together they reached the second round at the Roland Garros and the third round at Wimbledon. In October, de Jager reached his first Grand Prix event final, in Lyon partnering still another South African and Capetonian, Stefan Kruger.
1994 saw de Jager reach four grand prix semi-finals, with three different partners (all southern Africans), another final and capture his first grand prix win, in Tel Aviv partnering still another compatriot, Pietermaritzburg native Lan Bale. Aside from a few occasions, most notable of which was a four tournament stint where he partnered Aussie doubles master John Fitzgerald, de Jager and Bale remained a team into 1995. Together they reached the Stuttgart Indoor, Munich, and Italian Open grand prix, but faltered at the French where they went out in the first round. After a third round exit at Wimbledon, and first round exit at Flushing Meadows, the partnership was dissolved in September. The change worked immediately for de Jager as he won his very next tournament, the Toulouse Grand Prix, partnering Swede Jonas Björkman. He again had success in Lyon, reaching the final with star compatriot Wayne Ferriera. Beginning 1996 playing mostly with Gary Muller, de Jager played the late spring and summer with some 10 different partners and without reaching a single event final. His misfortune got worse in the first of half of 1997, where a string of first round loses saw his doubles ranking fall from No. 53 in September '96 to No. 164 by August of '97. A new partnership with yet another compatriot, this time Robbie Koenig saw de Jager recover his form, with a quarterfinal result at the U.S. Open followed by winning a challenger event and reaching the finals of another. Then with Pretoria's Chris Haggard, he won the following two challengers as well.
De Jager began 1998 partnering Koenig, reaching the semis of the Sydney Outdoor, the third round of the Australian Open, and the second round or better of every tournament but one through Roland Garros, where they reached the third round. Their success continued throughout the summer, culminating in but only de Jager's second grand slam semis appearance, at the '98 U.S. Open. During the autumn de Jager partnership altered between the one of him and Koenig and a newer one, with yet anouther South African, David Adams. De Jager played exclusively with Adams for 1999 and the tandem met with success in reaching the finals or better six times in International Series events. This let to their competing in the ATP Doubles Championship, where they lost in the round robin however. The duo had an even year 2000 nevertheless winning back-to-back in February, in Rotterdam and London, in Munich in May, and reaching the semi-finals of Wimbledon. At the Sydney Olympics, they again finished semi-finalists, for de Jager, for the third and final time. He achieved his career high ranking in doubles at the end of July, at World No. 11.
He reached two Grand Slam finals in Mixed Doubles. In 1995 he reached the final of the French Open with Jill Hetherington but they lost 6–7 6–7 to Larisa Neiland and Todd Woodbridge. In 1997 he partnered Larisa Neiland to reach the final of the Australian Open, but they lost 3–6, 7–6, 5–7 to Manon Bollegraf and Rick Leach.

</doc>
<doc id="18687141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687141" title="Hinton Parklander">
Hinton Parklander

The Hinton Parklander is a weekly newspaper serving the Hinton, Alberta area.

</doc>
<doc id="18687147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687147" title="Bavarian Film Awards (documentary film)">
Bavarian Film Awards (documentary film)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for best documentary film.
1989 Axel Engstfeld
1990 Donatello & Fosco Dubini, Wolfgang Meyer
1991 Peter Schamoni
1992 Heiner Stadler
1993 Juraj Herz, Dagmar Wagner
1995 Peter Schamoni
1996 Stefan Schwietert
2001 Andres Veiel
2002 Douglas Wolfsperger
2003 Byambasuren Davaa
2005 Philip Gröning
2006 Florian Borchmeyer & Matthias Hentschler
2007 Pepe Danquart
2009 Petra Seeger
2010 Jens Schanze
2011 Arnon Goldfinger

</doc>
<doc id="18687166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687166" title="Music for Them Asses">
Music for Them Asses

Music for Them Asses is the first and only album released by the heavy metal band The Almighty Punchdrunk featuring Gene Hoglan of Strapping Young Lad and Cam Kroetsch of Savannah. The album was produced by Devin Townsend in 2001 and was never released commercially; it is only available from Hevy Devy Records' eBay store and HevyDevy.com.

</doc>
<doc id="18687183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687183" title="Cork (band)">
Cork (band)

Cork is a rock duo/supergroup consisting of Eric Schenkman (formerly of the Spin Doctors) and Corky Laing (formerly of Mountain). Though not an official member, the duo have worked closely with Noel Redding (formerly of The Jimi Hendrix Experience), who has both toured with and recorded with Cork. The group has released two albums, 1999's "Speed of Thought" and 2003's "Out There".
Songs from the Cork albums "Speed of Thought" and "Out There" were used in the documentary film "Liberty Village - Somewhere in Heaven". Corky Laing is a resident of Toronto's Liberty Village and was interviewed in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="18687198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687198" title="Jasper Booster">
Jasper Booster

The Jasper Booster was a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays, serving the Jasper, Alberta area. It was founded in 1963, and was the first to report news in Jasper. It was Jasper's long-term residents' favourite newspaper, reporting real news about local residents. 
The "Jasper Booster" team created many complementary publications over the years. The Jasper Telephone Directory, Jasper Food Guide, Jasper in Winter and Summer Magazines, and Jasper Map were original creations of the Jasper Booster staff. Many special sections were also published every week, and were also original creation of the "Booster" staff during its close to 50 years of existence: Small Business Week, Minor Hockey Week, Jasper in January, Moonlight Madness, and Fire Safety Week are only a few examples of those special sections. 
In January 2009, the "Jasper Booster" was completely re-designed and changed from a paid ($1.25) to a free publication. Readership therefore increased from 600 to 3000, as local interest burst toward Jasper's original newspaper.
End of publication.
In March 2009, the Sun Media paper was shut down after 46 years of publishing. This closure represented one of many, as Sun Media announced in December 2008 that it was cutting 600 jobs in Quebec, Ontario and Western Canada, due to the economic recession. The official Sun Media press release, printed in the Booster's last edition, is as follows: 
Brigitte Petersen, Booster Editor at the time of closure, wrote her goodbye message in a column published in the last edition, in which she stated: "Having two local newspapers competing for advertising in this small town and covering the same events was often unnecessary and what could be called overkill," she wrote. "On the other hand, it can benefit a community to have a couple of media choices in town to avoid complacent reporting and over-charged advertisers."
Sonia Germain, Booster Publisher at the time of closure, also wrote a goodbye column in which she thanked the community for its support and stated: "On March 11 the door of the Jasper Booster office will be closed, but the memories created by this community newspaper will remain forever. There will be lots to remember."

</doc>
<doc id="18687219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687219" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Production Design)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Production Design)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for best production design.

</doc>
<doc id="18687242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687242" title="New Zealand Meritorious &amp; Long Service Awards">
New Zealand Meritorious &amp; Long Service Awards

Prior to 1985 the New Zealand armed forces received the same Meritorious and Long Service Awards awarded in the United Kingdom. Since the end of World War 2 there have been constant moves towards an independent New Zealand honours system. This has resulted in a new system of New Zealand honours, gallantry and bravery awards, and campaign medals.
The following are a list, in order of precedence as defined in references below. Those Meritorious and Long Service medals which have been independently issued by New Zealand to its armed forces are in bold. 

</doc>
<doc id="18687249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687249" title="Health in Mauritania">
Health in Mauritania

History.
Mauritania's health care infrastructure in the early 1980s consisted of a central hospital in Nouakchott, twelve regional hospitals, a number of health clinics, maternal and child care centers, dispensaries, and mobile medical units to serve the countryside. All facilities suffered from a lack of equipment, supplies, and trained personnel. The ratio of people to hospital beds was 2,610 to one. The ratio of people to physicians was 13,350 to one. This ratio represented an improvement over the 1965 figure of 36,580 to one and was better than that of some of Mauritania's neighbors.
In 1987 Mauritania's largest medical facility was the 500-bed government-run hospital in Nouakchott. Staffed by Mauritanian and expatriate doctors, it lacked supplies and properly maintained equipment. Other facilities included the National Health Center, built in 1977 for the study of disease prevention and methods of public health care education, and the National School of Nurses and Midwives, founded in 1966 to train nurses, midwives, and paramedical personnel.
In general, health standards were quite low, and many infectious diseases were endemic. Contagious diseases (such as measles and tuberculosis) and respiratory disorders were more prevalent in northern arid regions, whereas malaria, guinea worm infection, and schistosomiasis were more common in the Senegal River Valley. The desert tended to be a healthier environment than the more tropical south, but several major diseases were common to all areas of the country. Typhoid, poliomyelitis, hepatitis, and a variety of parasitic illnesses also affected the population. In late 1987, the World Health Organization issued warnings about cholera, and outbreaks of both yellow fever and Rift Valley fever were reported in the extreme southern part of Trarza Region around Rosso. Contagious and infectious diseases were rampant in the kébés surrounding major towns, cities, and villages.
In the mid-1980s, a mass vaccination campaign for children under five years of age was under way. The program, aimed at reducing infection from poliomyelitis, diphtheria, pertussis, and several other diseases, was reportedly meeting with some success. Malnutrition remained widespread, especially in children. The long-term drought and the consequent drop in food production exacerbated this problem during the early 1980s. According to a 1987 report by the United States Agency for International Development, between 40 percent and 70 percent of children under the age of five had experienced moderate to severe malnutrition. The degree of malnutrition varied according to the success or failure of local crops, and some slight improvement was noted in early 1987.
Maternal and Child Healthcare.
In June 2011, the United Nations Population Fund released a report on The State of the World's Midwifery. It contained new data on the midwifery workforce and policies relating to newborn and maternal mortality for 58 countries. The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Mauritania is 550. This is compared with 712.2 in 2008 and 1295.4 in 1990. The under 5 mortality rate, per 1,000 births is 118 and the neonatal mortality as a percentage of under 5's mortality is 35. The aim of this report is to highlight ways in which the Millennium Development Goals can be achieved, particularly Goal 4 – Reduce child mortality and Goal 5 – improve maternal death. In Mauritania the number of midwives per 1,000 live births is 3 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women 1 in 41.
External links.
The State of the World's Midwifery - Mauritania Country Profile

</doc>
<doc id="18687255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687255" title="JNJ-7777120">
JNJ-7777120

JNJ-7777120 is a drug being developed by Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research & Development which acts as a potent and selective antagonist at the histamine H4 receptor. It has antiinflammatory effects, and has been demonstrated to be superior to traditional antihistamines in the treatment of pruritus (itching).

</doc>
<doc id="18687270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687270" title="Dimitrije">
Dimitrije

The name Dimitrije (Serbian Cyrillic: Димитрије) was the first name of the numerous historical figures, including:

</doc>
<doc id="18687281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687281" title="The Almighty Punchdrunk">
The Almighty Punchdrunk

The Almighty Punchdrunk was a project that featured Gene Hoglan of Strapping Young Lad, Cam Kroetsch of Savannah, and Shane Clark of 3 Inches of Blood. They released one album titled "Music for Them Asses" in 2001, produced by Devin Townsend and released on his label Hevydevy Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18687286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687286" title="Hagan Arena">
Hagan Arena

The Michael J. Hagan Arena (previously known as the "Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse") of Saint Joseph's University is SJU's home court for Men's and Women's basketball. The new arena seats 4,200 which is 1,000 more than the Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse seated. The renovation adds a concourse, larger offices and locker rooms, a Hall of Fame room, study rooms, basketball center, and practice facilities. Seven-hundred seats were added to the student section which puts the total at 1,700 and makes this part of the arena even more intimidating for opposing teams.
History.
1949-2008 Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse.
Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse was a 3,200-seat multi-purpose arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The arena, home to the Saint Joseph's University Hawks basketball opened in 1949 and was inaugurated on November 26 with a loss to the University of Rhode Island. The first women's varsity home game was a loss to Immaculata University on January 17, 1974. The building was dedicated to all college soldier-heroes on its dedication day, Veterans Day 1949.
In addition to serving as an arena for the basketball teams, Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse also contains locker rooms for students, faculty, and other varsity teams, an additional recreation room, squash courts, a swimming pool, and a weight room.
On October 26, 1967, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. spoke to 3,400 people in the Fieldhouse. Today, a bronze plaque in the lobby recognizes his visit.
The Hawks won 34 consecutive games in Alumni Memorial Fieldhouse from the late 1950s through the early 1960s. In the 1980s and 90's, the Fieldhouse served as the practice home for the Philadelphia 76ers. There were over 125 sellouts over the last 15 years the Fieldhouse was open.
The final game at the Fieldhouse was a win over #8 ranked Xavier University on March 5, 2008. The sell-out crowd included Hawk legends Jameer Nelson and Jack Ramsay.
2009 - Hagan Arena.
During the 2007 season, it was announced that the Fieldhouse would be closed and transformed with a $25 million renovation project to provide a 21st-century facility for the quickly growing campus.
The final game at the Fieldhouse was a win over #8 ranked Xavier University on March 5, 2008. The sellout crowd included Hawk legends Jameer Nelson and Jack Ramsay.
During renovations, the Saint Joseph's Hawks men's basketball team played its home games at the Palestra on the University of Pennsylvania's campus.
The Fieldhouse underwent extensive renovations and additions, with many sections of the building being razed for expansion purposes. Work began in the Fall of 2007. The final product of the project will add 1,000 seats to the arena, as well as the addition of a new basketball center, concourse, entrance and lobby on 54th and Overbrook and concessions. The renovations will continue through 2009, resulting in the Saint Joseph's men's basketball team playing their home games at the historic Palestra on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania, with the women playing on the campus of Philadelphia University. With the reopening, the fieldhouse will be renamed the Michael J. Hagan Arena, in honor of Hagan who donated $10 million to the project. The renovations are expected to cost approximately $25 million.
The arena was named after Michael Hagan, a 1985 graduate of Saint Joseph's and Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania resident who donated $10 million toward the project. The renovation is part of a larger project called "With Faith and Strength To Dare: The Campaign For Saint Joseph's University".
Ramsay Basketball Center.
The Hagan also includes the Ramsay Basketball Center, named after legendary coach Jack Ramsay, which is a two-story, wing with locker rooms, offices, study space, conference rooms, and a Hall of Fame room.
The first game at Hagan was a win against Drexel University and the Hawks went 8-4 in the first season at Hagan.

</doc>
<doc id="18687290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687290" title="Oldřich Oak">
Oldřich Oak

The Oldřich Oak (), also known as the Prince Oldřich Oak, is a Pedunculate Oak ("Quercus robur") tree
located in the market town of Peruc in the Czech Republic that is estimated to be about 1,000 years old.
The tree has a height of and a trunk circumference of .
The tree derives its name from a legend, set in the 11th century, involving Oldřich of Bohemia and Božena, the mother of his only son. According to the legend, Oldřich set out on a hunt and travelled to Peruc. There, he spied a beautiful peasant girl, Božena, by a well (known today as Božena's spring)
and was immediately entranced by her. Oldřich abandoned his hunt and took Božena back to Prague, and she eventually gave birth to his son Bretislaus. In the legend, Oldřich's first meeting with Božena took place in sight of the Oldřich Oak.
The Oldřich Oak is mentioned in the Chronicle of Dalimil.

</doc>
<doc id="18687291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687291" title="Ken Bruzenak">
Ken Bruzenak

Ken Bruzenak (born August 30, 1952) is an award-winning American comic book letterer, primarily known for his work on Howard Chaykin’s "American Flagg!" Bruzenak's lettering and logowork was integral to the comic's futuristic, trademark-littered ambiance. During the course of his career, Bruzenak has been closely associated with both Chaykin and Jim Steranko.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Bruzenak grew up in Pennsylvania as a huge comic book fan. At age 17, he attended the Detroit Triple Fan Fair convention, where he met his hero Jim Steranko, and also crossed paths with Chaykin for the first time.
Steranko.
After meeting Steranko a second time, Bruzenak took a job renovating Steranko's house in Reading, Pennsylvania. He stayed and worked at the house, along with another Steranko disciple, future comics artist Greg Theakston. Theakston was ostensibly there to assist Steranko on "The Steranko History of Comics", volume two; Bruzenak was there to do construction. After about two years, Theakston left the project and Bruzenak took over as Steranko's primary assistant.
During this period, Steranko formed Supergraphics, his own publishing company, where among other things he published the magazine "Comixscene" (later retitled "Mediascene", and finally "Prevue"). Bruzenak assisted Steranko on the first fifty issues of "Comixscene/Prevue", as well as other concurrent projects, such as Marvel's official fan magazine, "FOOM" (Bruzenak was the associate editor); the illustrated novel "", the comic book adaptation of the film "Outland"; and various paperback covers and posters. 
Bruzenak's duties during this time were varied, basically comprising all aspects of publishing, from research, editing, copy-editing, and proof-reading; to lettering, paste-up, operating a stat camera, and other production skills. (Steranko's 1981 "Outland" adaptation, in fact, constituted Bruzenak's first professional lettering job.) In the end, Bruzenak worked for Steranko for almost thirteen years.
Chaykin.
Bruzenak eventually left Steranko's employ to embark on a freelance lettering career. Artist Dan Adkins introduced Bruzenak to editors at DC and then Marvel, which at first didn't lead to anything. Bruzenak then lettered a couple of issues of Frank Brunner's "Warp" for First Comics, before landing the letterer job with Chaykin's "American Flagg!" in 1983.
Bruzenak's work on that title was more typography than simple lettering. The comic featured signage, multiple typefaces, robot type, and a mixture of formal type with balloon type for special effects. Bruzenak's lettering was so integral to the book, it virtually became a character of its own. Readers took notice — as did editors for other companies — and Bruzenak soon became the industry's first "celebrity letterer," getting more offers for jobs than he was able to take on — even with his famous non-stop work ethic.
In the years since both men left "American Flagg!" in 1986, Bruzenak has gone on to letter much of Chaykin's later work, including "Time2" (1986), Blackhawk (1987), "Black Kiss" (1988), the short-lived second volume of "American Flagg!" (1988–1989), "Wolverine/Nick Fury: The Scorpio Connection" (1989), "Twilight" (1990–1991), "Power and Glory" (1994), and "American Century" (2001).
Post-Chaykin.
Besides working on Chaykin's comics in the 1980s, Bruzenak stayed busy lettering a number of other First Comics titles, including "E-Man", "Jon Sable", and "Nexus", as well as titles published by Marvel and DC. In the 90s, Bruzenak worked steadily, often pairing with Michael T. Gilbert on his "Mr. Monster" comics, but his work was never as much in demand as it was during his mid-80s heyday. From 1995 to 2002, Bruzenak lettered DC's "Azrael" series. In the 2000s, Bruzenak has lettered much of Michael Avon Oeming's "Powers" series.
Influences.
Bruzenak cites long-time DC and Marvel letterer John Costanza as a major influence.
Quotes.
On why he became a letterer:
On computerized lettering:
Awards.
Bruzenak won the coveted Harvey Award for Best Letterer three consecutive years, from 1988–1990, for his work on "American Flagg!", "Mr. Monster", and "Black Kiss".

</doc>
<doc id="18687317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687317" title="Lord's Old Ground">
Lord's Old Ground

Lord's Old Ground was a cricket venue in London that was established by Thomas Lord in 1787. It was used mainly by Marylebone Cricket Club for major cricket matches until 1810, after which a dispute about rent caused Lord to relocate.
Matches.
The first match known to have been played at Lord's Old Ground was White Conduit Club v Middlesex on Monday 21 May 1787.
The first regular cricket fixture at Lord's (i.e., one that continues to this day) was the annual Eton v Harrow match which was first played on the Old Ground in 1805.
The inaugural Gentlemen v Players match took place at the Old Ground in July 1806.
Location.
Lord's Old Ground was on the site of what is now Dorset Square. Lord relocated in 1811 to Lord's Middle Ground, a site at Lisson Grove in the vicinity of Regent's Park but he lost that venue after only three years because the land was requisitioned for a canal cutting. In 1814, he opened the present Lord's Cricket Ground, formerly a duckpond in St John's Wood.
A commemorative plaque was unveiled in Dorset Square by Andrew Strauss on 9 May 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18687319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687319" title="Oh Snap (EP)">
Oh Snap (EP)

Oh Snap is Christian rock band Philmont's major label debut EP. It was digitally released on August 19, 2008, and was released to retail stores on April 21, 2009, with "The Ascension" included. It was produced by Rob Hawkins in Nashville, Tennessee, except for "The Ascension", which was produced by former Philmont bassist Matthew Arcaini. "The Difference" placed on the X 2009 Christian Rock Hits compilation as a bonus track.
Track listing.
Note: Track 5 is a re-recording of the song "Murder & Photography", from the band's independent "Photosynthetic" EP. Only the 2009 release of "Oh Snap" includes "The Ascension", a re-arrangement of a song by the same name from the "Photosynthetic" EP. 

</doc>
<doc id="18687344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687344" title="Lord's Middle Ground">
Lord's Middle Ground

Lord's Middle Ground was a cricket venue in London that was established by Thomas Lord in 1811. It was used mainly by Marylebone Cricket Club for major cricket matches until 1813, after which Lord was obliged to relocate because the land was requisitioned for the cutting of the Regent's Canal.
Matches.
The first match known to have been played at Lord's Middle Ground was B Aislabie's XI v G Osbaldeston's XI in July 1811. Only three first-class matches were ever recorded at the ground, one in each season between 1811 and 1813 at the height of the Napoleonic Wars.
James Rice played all three matches of his first-class career at the Middle Ground and, equally, all the matches ever played at the Middle Ground featured James Rice.
Location.
Lord's Middle Ground was at North Bank at the north end of Lisson Grove, just south of the modern ground. In 1814, Lord opened the present Lord's Cricket Ground, formerly a duckpond in St John's Wood.

</doc>
<doc id="18687357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687357" title="Seventeen Forever">
Seventeen Forever

"Seventeen Forever" is the fourth single from scene pop group Metro Station's self-titled debut album. The single was released on December 13, 2008, and has charted on three major "Billboard" charts. 
First week, the song debuted at number 53 on the Australian Aria Charts, and has peaked at number 43. Frontman Trace Cyrus told Kerrang! magazine that this song is "about wanting to be in a relationship with a girl who’s underage so bad and how age limitations don’t let you do that."
The song was released as the band's second UK single on July 13, 2009 and has so far peaked at number 89.
Music video.
On December 5, 2008 the music video was released on MTV and has premiered in Canada through the Muchmusic and their MuchAxs video streaming website. The video is shot at night with the band performing at a carnival. It includes cameos from Miley Cyrus, Billy Ray Cyrus, and Mitchel Musso.

</doc>
<doc id="18687367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687367" title="4-Methylhistamine">
4-Methylhistamine

4-Methylhistamine is a histamine agonist selective for the H4 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="18687386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687386" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Honorary Award)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Honorary Award)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize Honorary award.
1985 Douglas Sirk
1986 Heinz Rühmann
1987 Luggi Waldleitner
1988 Bernhard Wicki
1989 Franz Seitz junior
1990 Fritz Preßmar
1991 Ruth Leuwerik
1992 Martin Benrath
1993 Vicco von Bülow
1994 Erich Kästner
1995 Kurt Hoffmann
1996 Marianne Hoppe
1997 Klaus Doldinger
1998 Günter Rohrbach
1999 Liselotte Pulver
2000 Mario Adorf
2001 Hardy Krüger
2002 Roman Polanski
2003 Sir Peter Ustinov
2004 Volker Schlöndorff
2005 Maximilian Schell
2006 Dr. Michael Verhoeven
2007 Michael Ballhaus
2008 Peter Schamoni

</doc>
<doc id="18687390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687390" title="Björn Dreyer (footballer born 1989)">
Björn Dreyer (footballer born 1989)

Björn Dreyer (born 17 January 1989 in Osterode am Harz) is a German footballer who plays for TuS Heeslingen.

</doc>
<doc id="18687395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687395" title="History of the foreign relations of Mauritania">
History of the foreign relations of Mauritania

During the late colonial period, Mauritania had few contacts with the other territories of French West Africa (Afrique Occidentale Française—AOF). At the time of the independence referendum in 1958, Mauritania's representatives on the Grand Council of the AOF remained neutral, while all other AOF members divided between the African Democratic Rally (Rassemblement Démocratique Africain—RDA) and the African Regroupment Party (Parti du Régroupement Africain—PRA). Until Mauritania became independent and Morocco threatened its security, Mauritania did not participate in AOF intraterritorial political, labor, or cultural movements. Only when Mauritania's existence as a state became problematic did it seek international recognition and support.
Throughout the 1960s, Mauritania's main foreign policy objective was preserving its independence in the face of Moroccan irredentism. (Morocco finally recognized Mauritanian independence in 1969.) To that end, the Daddah government insisted on maintaining close ties with France, an effort that included allowing France to station troops on Mauritanian soil. In Africa, Mauritania established ties with the more conservative francophone countries because all the Arab League states (except Tunisia) and the African members of the Casablanca Group (Ghana, Guinea, and Mali) supported Morocco's irredentist claims.
Mauritania applied for admission to the UN in 1960, sponsored by France, but its membership was vetoed by the Soviet Union, which supported the Arab League. For the most part, black Africa and the West favored Mauritania's admission, and the Soviet Union dropped its opposition in 1961 in exchange for a favorable vote on Mongolia's admission. In a final effort to block Mauritania's admission, Morocco brought the issue to the General Assembly, which supported Mauritania's application by a vote of sixty-eight to thirteen, with twenty abstentions. Mauritania was admitted to the UN on October 27, 1961. Mali, Guinea, and most Arab states supported Morocco in the debate.
In January 1962 Mauritania edged away from its previously conservative, pro-French position by extending recognition to the Provisional Government of the Algerian Republic and refusing to attend meetings of the French-backed Common Saharan States Organization. These tentative displays of independence increased Mauritania's credibility with its more progressive African neighbors and emphasized the country's role as a bridge between Arab North Africa and black Sub-Saharan Africa. Mauritania and Mali subsequently achieved a rapprochement with the signing of the Treaty of Kayes in February 1963. Relations with Algeria improved when Mauritania supported Algeria in its dispute with Morocco. Egypt, known at the time as the United Arab Republic (UAR) and the acknowledged leader of the Arab world, also sided with Algeria, and on October 21, 1964, the UAR officially extended recognition to Mauritania. That action encouraged Daddah to undertake an even bolder foreign policy.
In 1963 Mauritania joined the OAU, whereupon Morocco resigned in protest. In 1964 Daddah became the first president of the recently formed Afro-Malagasy Union for Economic Cooperation (Union Africaine et Malagache de Coopération Economique—UAMCE), a loose grouping of francophone African countries pledging technical and cultural cooperation. When the organization was subsequently upgraded to become a political organization in defiance of the OAU charter, Mauritania withdrew from all but the technical committees.
Through the early 1970s, Mauritania continued to play the role of bridge between the Maghrib and sub-Saharan Africa. Mauritania also maintained its commitment to nonalignment while opening relations with Eastern Europe and the radical states of Africa. In support of Arab League and OAU positions, Mauritania did not seek ties with Israel, South Africa, or Portugal. Mauritania finally established diplomatic relations with Morocco in 1969. Close relations with France, on whom Mauritania continued to rely for much of its development aid, remained the cornerstone of Mauritanian foreign policy through the late 1980s.
Spain's withdrawal from the Spanish Sahara and the latter's partition and annexation by Mauritania and Morocco in 1976 inaugurated an eight-year period of conflict and fighting against Polisario Front guerrillas of the SADR, resulting in military setbacks and stagnating diplomacy for Mauritania. Upon annexation, Mauritania's former ally Algeria severed its ties with the Daddah government in support of the SADR. From 1976 to 1979, Polisario guerrillas increased pressure on Mauritania and launched commando attacks against Fdérik, Zouerat, Bir Moghrein and Nouakchott. As a consequence of the economic and political costs of the fighting, the military successors to Daddah attempted to disengage Mauritania from the conflict; nevertheless, Polisario forces penetrated Mauritania's defenses, often with impunity, to infiltrate fighters into the Western Sahara. On August 10, 1979, Mauritania signs the Alger Accord with the Polisario, recognizing the right of self-determination of the Sahrawis & abandoning any claim on Western Sahara. Subsequently, relations with Morocco again deteriorated and then finally ruptured in 1981 when Mauritania accused Morocco of backing a coup attempt in Nouakchott. Conversely, relations with the Polisario and Algeria improved. In December 1983, Algeria, Tunisia, and Mauritania signed the Treaty of Peace and Friendship. The following year Haidalla extended diplomatic recognition and support to the SADR, an action that ultimately led to the downfall of his government. President Taya maintained ties with the SADR, but the link was at best correct and represented little more than Taya's attempt to appease his more formidable neighbors.
Mauritania's principal foreign policy objective in the mid-1980s has been to ensure its own territorial integrity. Translated into diplomacy, this has meant pursuing a policy of strict neutrality in the Western Sahara dispute, improving relations with Morocco and Algeria, and seeking guarantees of support from France should ties with Mauritania's northern neighbors seriously deteriorate. Taya's efforts in that area have had mixed results. Although Taya insisted that Mauritania would remain neutral in the conflict over the Western Sahara, Mauritania faced a mounting threat of greater involvement because the combatants themselves continued to encroach on Mauritanian territory. As the Moroccans pushed southward in the Western Sahara behind their highly effective network of sand walls (berms) to within a few kilometers of the Mauritanian border, Mauritanian armed forces were placed in the position of confronting either well-equipped Moroccan troops pursuing Polisario guerrillas, or Polisario commando teams crossing into and perhaps attacking the berms from Mauritanian territory. In either case, Mauritania would probably be the loser.
Taya has also sought to improve ties with other countries to secure trading partners or find new investors. Mauritania's principal benefactors have been Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and France. The list of donors also includes Japan, Iraq, Italy, the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany), Romania, the United States, the Persian Gulf states, and China.

</doc>
<doc id="18687398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687398" title="Alan Bennett (tenor)">
Alan Bennett (tenor)

Alan Bennett (born 1962) is an American lyric tenor known mostly for his performances in concert and oratorio work. He is particularly admired for his interpretations of the works of Bach, George Frideric Handel, and Mozart.
Career.
Bennett attended the University of North Carolina at Greensboro where he studied vocal performance. He graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1984 and a master's degree in 1987. He studied voice with Charles Lynam, Paul Elliott, and the late Norman Farrow.
He has performed extensively throughout the United States, Canada, Europe and South America, singing at many prominent festivals and with many of the world's leading orchestras. He has sung with the Cleveland Orchestra, Seattle Symphony, Kansas City Symphony, the Philharmonia Baroque Orchestra, the Atlanta Symphony, Omaha Symphony Orchestra, Colorado Symphony Orchestra, Calgary Philharmonic, St. Paul Chamber Orchestra, Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, Indianapolis Chamber Orchestra, the Handel and Haydn Society, Tafelmusik, and Les Violons du Roy among many others.
His music festival appearances include the Tanglewood Festival, Oregon Bach Festival, Bethlehem Bach Festival, Baldwin-Wallace Bach Festival, Bay Chamber Festival, Plymouth Music Festival, Le Rendez-vou Musicale de Laterriere in Quebec and the Grand Teton Music Festival among others. He was also a regular performer at the Carmel Bach Festival for many years. He has sung for the Houston Masterworks Chorus, Oratorio Society of New York, Washington Choral Arts Society, Baltimore Choral Arts Society, Dartmouth Handel Society, Seattle Chamber Singers and the Bloomington Chamber Singers. He has worked under some of the worlds most prominent Baroque music conductors including Christopher Hogwood, Bruno Weil, Helmuth Rilling, Nicholas McGegan, Bernard Labadie and the late Robert Shaw.
Although Bennett has focused mostly on the concert repertoire, he is not a stranger to the operatic stage. He has appeared in opera productions in the United States and Europe, mostly in baroque operas. His roles include the title role in Henry Purcell's "King Arthur" and Jupiter in Handel's "Semele" among others.
As a recitalist, Bennett is particularly admired for his interpretations of German lieder, which he has recorded with pianist Leonard Hokanson.
He currently serves as Head of Vocal Studies at the Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music of the National University of Singapore. Prior to moving to Singapore, he was an associate professor of music at Indiana University Jacobs School of Music in Bloomington, Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="18687400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687400" title="2-Pyridylethylamine">
2-Pyridylethylamine

2-Pyridylethylamine is a histamine agonist which is selective for the H1 subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="18687408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687408" title="France–Mauritania relations">
France–Mauritania relations

France–Mauritania relations are the relations between France and Mauritania. The relations date back to the colonial era when Mauritania was part of French West Africa.
History.
Most of Mauritania's developmental assistance in the 1980s was provided by France, which was also the major supplier of private direct investment. Bilateral accords signed with France in 1961 provided for economic, financial, technical, cultural, and military cooperation and aid. Although Mauritania opposed France on Algerian independence, nuclear testing in the Sahara, and French arms sales to South Africa, ties remained cordial through the Daddah term. French citizens worked in Mauritania as technical assistants in the government, administrators, teachers, and judges. Daddah frequently traveled to France, and French development aid flowed to Mauritania. The level of French involvement rose markedly following the outbreak of hostilities in the Western Sahara. Between 1976 and 1979, when Mauritania unilaterally declared peace and withdrew from combat, French aircraft provided air support for Mauritanian troops fighting Polisario forces, and French paratroops were stationed at Nouadhibou.
Activity by Mauritanian dissidents in France, together with Mauritania's gradual policy shift toward the Polisario, resulted in a growing coolness toward Paris. In May 1979, Mauritania asked France to remove its troops from Nouadhibou. France continued to provide a high level of financial aid, although less than requested by the Haidalla government, and this curtailment further strained ties. Following alleged accusations of Moroccan support of a coup attempt in March 1981, Haidalla again turned to France to obtain guarantees of Mauritania's territorial integrity. French president Georges Pompidou and Haidalla concluded an accord in 1981, as Morocco threatened to carry the struggle against Polisario guerrillas into Mauritanian territory. As Morocco's advancing sand walls increasingly obligated Polisario guerrillas to use Mauritania as a staging area, President Haidalla and, later, President Taya sought and received guarantees of French support in August 1984 and June 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="18687412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687412" title="Gyrodon">
Gyrodon

Gyrodon is a genus of pored mushroom bearing close affinity to the genus "Paxillus". Recent molecular research has confirmed this relationship of the two genera as sister taxa, together diverging as one of the most basal lineages in the Boletineae, and sister to the Boletaceae.
Previously the genus comprised 10 species, but is now monotypic, with only "Gyrodon lividus". "Gyrodon" was circumscribed by German botanist Wilhelm Opatowski in 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="18687427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687427" title="Mauritania–Morocco relations">
Mauritania–Morocco relations

Mauritania–Morocco relations are the relations between Mauritania and Morocco two countries of the Maghreb, in West Africa. The two countries border each other since 1975, when Spain abandoned the Western Sahara most of which is now de facto under Moroccan control. The sovereignty of this territory remains disputed.
History.
Moroccan claims, especially within the Istiqlal party, of Greater Morocco, which would include the entirety of Mauritania were quickly shelved. But the looming question of Western Saharan independence has been the major subject in the relationship of these two countries.
Prior to the December 1984 coup that brought Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya to power, the Mauritanian-Moroccan cooperation agency stated that relations between the two countries were on the mend in spite of alleged Moroccan complicity in a 1981 coup attempt and Mauritania's subsequent turn toward Algeria.
Representatives from both sides initiated a series of low-level contacts that led to a resumption of diplomatic ties in April 1985. For Mauritania, the détente with Morocco promised to end the threat of Moroccan incursions, and it also removed the threat of Moroccan support for opposition groups formed during the Haidalla presidency. Through the agreement with Mauritania, Morocco sought to tighten its control over the Western Sahara by denying the Polisario one more avenue for infiltrating guerrillas into the disputed territory.
Relations between Morocco and Mauritania continued to improve through 1986, reflecting President Taya's pragmatic, if unstated, view that only a Moroccan victory over the Polisario would end the guerrilla war in the Western Sahara. Taya made his first visit to Morocco in October 1985 (prior to visits to Algeria and Tunisia) in the wake of Moroccan claims that Polisario guerrillas were again traversing Mauritanian territory. The completion of a sixth berm just north of Mauritania's crucial rail link along the border with the Western Sahara, between Nouadhibou and the iron ore mines, complicated relations between Mauritania and Morocco. Polisario guerrillas in mid-1987 had to traverse Mauritanian territory to enter the Western Sahara, a situation that invited Morocco's accusations of Mauritanian complicity. Moreover, any engagements near the sixth berm would threaten to spill over into Mauritania and jeopardize the rail link.
Economic relations.
But the economic ties between the two countries are solid, as reported by the Moroccan newspaper Liberation. Mauritania, with a population of 2.5 million, is currently receiving $1.5 billion annually from international development agencies. In the last year, commercial exchange with Morocco grew by 41 percent, totaling 25 million euros. The vast majority of this commerce flowed from Morocco to Mauritania. Moroccan corporations are also investing heavily in Mauritania, such as Ittisalat al-Maghrib (Maroc Télécom), which in 2001 acquired a controlling share in the Mauritanian telephone company, Mauritel, at a price of $84 million.
The Moroccan Office for Mineral Research and Exploitation owns 2.35 percent of Mauritania's chief economic powerhouse, the National Industrial and Mining Corporation, which extracts iron ore and supports more than 5,000 Mauritanian households. Another Moroccan company, DRAPOR, a subsidiary of the Moroccan Office of Port Development, has contracted to dredge the port of Nouakchott. There is also a newly created partnership between Moroccan and Mauritanian companies for the distribution of fuel and the building of a refinery. 
Morocco is also participating in internationally financed Mauritanian development projects, like the planned 292-mile Nouakchott-Nouadhibou road. The total cost of this road is estimated at $70 million. The principal financing comes from the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development, which is supplying $51.6 million. The African Development Bank and the Islamic Development Bank are supplying $10 million, while the Mauritanian government is contributing $9 million. Four Moroccan companies contracted to produce the initial studies and plans for the road at a cost of over $39 million, and the Moroccan government is bankrolling the construction of nearly nine miles of the road at a cost of $2.6 million.

</doc>
<doc id="18687430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687430" title="Getse Mahapandita">
Getse Mahapandita

Getse Mahapandita (1761–1829) (Getse Mahāpaṇḍita Gyurme Tsewang Chokdrub; Wylie: dge rtse paN chen 'gyur med mchog grub) was an important Nyingma scholar affiliated with Kathok Monastery.
Biography and work.
Getse Mahapandita was instrumental in arranging the block printing of the 'Collection of Nyingma Tantras' (Tibetan: "Nyingma Gyübum") gathered by Jigme Lingpa, and for which Getse Mahapandita wrote the catalogue. Getse Mahapandita solicited the carving of the blocks for the block printing of the "Nyingma Gyübum" through the patronage of the Derge Royal Family, who favoured and honoured Jigme Lingpa. Getse Mahapandita also arranged for the printing of texts by Jigme Lingpa and Longchenpa. Getse Mahapandita proof read all of these works.
He was the primary chaplain of Tsewang Lhamo, the queen of Derge. "Getse's Collected Works contain many writings that have a direct connection to Tsewang Lhamo and in the aggregate are the best source on her life and times. For instance, he composed a detailed commentary on Jigme Lingpa's epistle to Tsewang Lhamo."
He was said to be the reincarnation of Jampa Bum (kaH thog khri rabs 03 byams pa 'bum, 1179-1252), the third abbot of Katok Monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="18687438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687438" title="Panaeolina castaneifolia">
Panaeolina castaneifolia

Panaeolina castaneifolia is a rare and widely distributed little brown mushroom that may contain the hallucinogen psilocybin.
It has dark brown, coarsely roughened spores which resemble those of "Panaeolina foenisecii".
Habitat and formation.
Panaeolina castaneifolia grows in along roadsides and grassy fields. This species was first found in New York City and is probably more widely distributed. This mushroom is often mistaken for "Panaeolina foenisecii", and has similar microscopic features but can be distinguished by its thicker stem and more unpleasant taste. It also resembles "Panaeolus subbalteatus" and can be distinguished from that species by its roughened brown spores. 

</doc>
<doc id="18687439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687439" title="John Dowsett">
John Dowsett

John Alfred Dowsett AM QC is a judge of the Federal Court of Australia.
Justice Dowsett was appointed to the Federal Court on 14 September 1998. Prior to his appointment to the Federal Court he served as a judge of the Supreme Court of Queensland from 1985.
Before his appointment to the Supreme Court of Queensland, Justice Dowsett practiced as a barrister in Queensland. He was appointed as a Queen's Counsel in 1984.
Honours.
On 11 June 2012, Justice Dowsett was named an Member of the Order of Australia for "service to the law and to the judiciary, to professional associations, and to legal education in the area of litigation and dispute resolution."

</doc>
<doc id="18687452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687452" title="Alparslan Erdem">
Alparslan Erdem

Alparslan Erdem (born 11 December 1988 in Vechta, Lower Saxony) is a Turkish-German footballer. He currently plays as a left back for İstanbul BB.
Career.
He played previously for Galatasaray and Werder Bremen II.
On 18 January 2010, Alparslan Erdem signed a 2.5 year contract with Turkish club Gençlerbirliği.
Attributes.
He is noted for his pace and ambitious attitude.

</doc>
<doc id="18687456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687456" title="Mauritania–Senegal relations">
Mauritania–Senegal relations

Mauritania–Senegal relations are the foreign relations between Mauritania and Senegal two neighbouring countries of West Africa.
History.
In the years following independence, Mauritania's principal friend in sub-Saharan Africa was Senegal, although the two countries have espoused different strategies for development. The growing split between blacks and Maures in Mauritania has, however, affected ties with Senegal, which sees itself as championing the rights of Mauritania's black minority. Under Taya, relations between the two countries were correct, even though each accused the other of harboring exiled dissidents. In May 1987, Senegal extradited Captain Moulaye Asham Ould Ashen, a former black member of the Haidalla government accused of corruption, but only after veiled threats from Nouakchott that failure to do so would result in Mauritania's allowing Senegalese dissidents a platform from which to speak out against the government of President Abdou Diouf. At the same time, Senegal and Mauritania have cooperated successfully with Mali under the Senegal River Development Office (Organisation pour la Mise en Valeur du Fleuve Sénégal—OMVS), which was formed in 1972 as a flood control, irrigation, and agricultural development project. A border war was fought between the two nations.

</doc>
<doc id="18687465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687465" title="Mali–Mauritania relations">
Mali–Mauritania relations

Malian-Mauritanian relations relate to the interstate relations of the Mali and the Mauritania.
History.
Since Mauritania negotiated a boundary dispute with Mali in 1963, ties between the two countries have been mostly cordial. Mali and Mauritania have cooperated on several development projects, such as the OMVS and a plan to improve roads between Nouakchott and Bamako. This cooperation somewhat lessened Mali's dependence on Senegal and Côte d'Ivoire. Although relations were warm with other African states, since 1965 the orientation of Mauritania's foreign policy has been geared towards relations with North African countries.
Border crisis.
Mauritanian and Malian relations arose in 2010, when French and Mauritanian forces launched a join military operation against AQIM fighters believe to be holding a French hostage on Malian soil without the consent of the Malian government. The operation was a failure and left 7 AQIM members and 2 Mauritian soldiers dead, with the hostage being executed. The operation was heavily criticized with it being considered to be an "unannounced declaration of war" against Mali

</doc>
<doc id="18687486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687486" title="Toni Gänge">
Toni Gänge

Toni Gänge (born 27 January 1988 in Kyritz) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1. FC Kaan-Marienborn.

</doc>
<doc id="18687512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687512" title="Lititz Watch Technicum">
Lititz Watch Technicum

The Lititz Watch Technicum is a watchmaking school located in Lititz, Pennsylvania. The school, founded by Rolex in 2001, was created to help make up for the deficiency of skilled watchmakers in the US.
The Technicum offers a two-year, 3000+ hour SAWTA (Swiss American Watchmaker's Training Alliance) curriculum. Tuition is free for the 14 students accepted each year. The students are expected to pay for their tools which, according to the school, currently cost around $7000. The program focuses on micromechanics and watch service with a strong emphasis on chronographs.

</doc>
<doc id="18687520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687520" title="Dominik Schmidt">
Dominik Schmidt

Dominik Schmidt (born 1 July 1987 in Berlin) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Preußen Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="18687535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687535" title="Book of Love (album)">
Book of Love (album)

Book of Love is the self-titled debut studio album by American synthpop and electronic band Book of Love, released on April 1, 1986, by Sire Records.
History.
Philadelphia/New York-based synthpop quartet Book of Love released their eponymous debut, "Book of Love", in the spring of 1986, when synthpop was at its peak in the mid-'80s. During 1984 and 1985, the band recorded various demos at the recording studio Noise, in midtown Manhattan. One of the demos was the song "Boy", a toe-tapping tale of teen-girl angst featuring tubular bells and a skip-along beat. 
Noise recording studio had many bells and chimes available at the band's disposal. Reflecting on that time, Ted Ottaviano stated, "I was fascinated with Altered Images and other bands that were incorporating bells and chimes into their music. Long brass chimes, tubular bells, whatever. It sounded right, for the time."
Keyboardist Lauren Roselli gave a copy of the "Boy" demo to disc jockey Ivan Ivan, who had recently co-produced the dancefloor hit "The Dominatrix Sleeps Tonight" by Dominatrix. Ivan forwarded the demo to Sire Records president Seymour Stein, who subsequently signed the group to his label in August 1984.
In 1985, the band began recording what would become their debut album at Unique Recording with Ivan Ivan as producer. The band recorded two tracks for the single, "Boy" and the band's theme song "Book of Love". "Boy" was released as a single, and became a huge dance club hit, peaking at no. 7 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. A rare Australian promotional video was shot for the song, featuring the band performing the song with Ted Ottaviano playing tubular bells.
After having a hit with "Boy", the band quit their day jobs. While doing promotion for the single, the band met Depeche Mode at a party hosted by Rockpool (modern rock promotion company). Subsequently, the band was offered the opening slot on the North American leg of Depeche Mode's Some Great Reward Tour. Starting in Washington D.C. on March 14, 1985, the band, still without an album, joined the tour with Depeche Mode, playing coast to coast throughout their fifteen North American tour dates.
Upon returning from the Depeche Mode tour, the band went straight into the recording studio to record "Happy Day" for inclusion on the UK single of "Boy". The remainder of the summer was spent on a small club tour of the southern states that the Depeche Mode tour had skipped over, and recording the songs "I Touch Roses" and "Lost Souls" for the next single. A second single, "I Touch Roses", was then released in September 1985. Daniel Miller, founder of Mute Records and producer of Depeche Mode, remixed the song as a single remix and an extended 'Full Bloom Version' for the European single that was released in early 1986. "I Touch Roses" became a big club hit, peaking at no. 8 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. Because of the success of "I Touch Roses", the band got a green light to finish the album. "We were the little choo-choo train. We didn't know it at the time, but thankfully with "I Touch Roses", it was not preordained that Sire was developing us at the time. There was no grand scheme. It was more a la carte. But then people started picking up on 'Roses' and then the album happened," recalled Ted Ottaviano in 2009.
Up until the end of the summer of 1985, the band had only recorded five songs. ("Boy", "Book of Love", "Happy Day", "I Touch Roses", and "Lost Souls") Following the success of I Touch Roses", the band resumed work on the album in September 1985 at Unique Recording and Sigma Sound Studios in New York City, recording the seven new songs that would make up the rest of their debut album. Instruments the band used to record the album were various synthesizers (Oberheim Xpander, Yamaha DX-7, Casio CZ-1000, Roland Juno 6, Roland JX-8P), an E-mu Emulator sampler, piano, tubular bells, chimes, melodica, and both acoustic and electronic percussion (Yamaha RX-11 drum machine, Simmons Toms). The main songwriting duties on "Book of Love" fell to Ted Ottaviano, with Susan Ottaviano co-writing six of the tracks, and Jade Lee contributing to two. One of the songs recorded was a cover song of "Die Matrosen" ("The Sailor", in English), originally by the all-girl Swiss post-punk band LiLiPUT, which features a catchy chorus of whistling. Recording of the album was finally finished in January 1986.
The eponymous debut album "Book of Love" was finally released on April 1, 1986. The album cover consists of four black and white photos of the band members, shot by Michael Halsband, along with an overlapping band name/album title in calligraphy by Herbert Lee, a relation to Jade Lee. The inside of the cassette sleeve and back of the LP feature "wacky lettering" done by artist Stephen Tashjian, and also a vase with flowers graphic that was used on the tour merchandise. The release also started the tradition of the band using roman numerals to indicate the year of release, MCMLXXXVI (1986).
"You Make Me Feel So Good" was released as the first official single from the record on July 31, 1986, and became Book of Love's first CHR radio hit. The song was remixed for the single by Jellybean and Ivan Ivan. Album track "Lost Souls", was also remixed and extended by Mark Kamins and included on the 12 inch single. In April 1986, a music video was filmed on location in New York City for "You Make Me Feel So Good" and released in late July along with the single to promote the album.
In 1986, Depeche Mode once again asked the band to be their opening act. Finally with an album to promote, Book of Love toured as the opening act on the massive Depeche Mode Black Celebration Tour, joining the band's first European leg on April 29, 1986 in Hanover, West Germany, and playing 48 shows in twelve weeks throughout the full North American leg which ended on July 15, 1986 in Irvine, California. Once the Depeche Mode tour was through, the band set out on their own headlining tour of clubs, beginning in Boston on August 8, 1986 and ending in Albion, Michigan in March 1987.
A second official and final single taken from the album, "Modigliani (Lost In Your Eyes)", was released in April, 1987. The song was a dance club hit, peaking at no. 17 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, becoming as popular as New Order and Depeche Mode singles in clubs at its peak. "Modigliani (Lost In Your Eyes)" is an ode to Italian painter Amedeo Modigliani. The track was penned by Jade Lee, Susan and Ted Ottaviano (no relation), who had all been art school students and were inspired by the Italian painter's paintings and history. In a 2008 interview, Ted Ottaviano explained, "Amedeo Modigliani had always been the band’s own version of a rock star. After all, we were all art school students. At the time I was working on the Mass remix I became submerged and almost obsessed in his life story. It read like a Bronte sisters novel. I wrote a short biography for the front cover of the 12 inch."
The cover of the single featured one of Modigliani's famous paintings of his mistress Jeanne Hebuterne, along with the short biography of the painter written by Ted Ottaviano. For the back sleeve of the 12 inch single, Susan Ottaviano made drawings of each member of the band in the style of Modigliani. Similar, yet alternate large portrait drawings of the band were later used as large stage props behind the band on their Lullaby Tour in 1989.
The four-minute 'Requiem Mass' remixed version of "Modigliani (Lost In Your Eyes)" was featured in an episode of "Miami Vice" on November 6, 1987, and both the original single and 'Requiem Mass' remix were used in the 1987 film "Planes, Trains and Automobiles".
In November 1988, the album "Book of Love" was finally made available on CD for the first time. The new CD edition included five bonus remixes.
In 2000, the song "Boy" was remixed by Peter Rauhofer and officially released in 2001, charting at no. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart. Exposing a new generation to Book of Love, the single contained many new remixes by Dubaholics, Headrillaz, and RPO. In 2001, "I Touch Roses" was also given a new remix treatment by Markus Schulz for a promo 12 inch.
Reflecting on the album, keyboardist Ted Ottaviano explained, "I've always believed people's aesthetics are based more on what they don't know than what they do know...We had great instincts, and wanted to say what we did as swiftly and simply as we could."
In 2009, "Book of Love" was remastered and reissued by Collector's Choice/Noble Rot Records as a deluxe double CD edition. The reissue's bonus disc features 11 tracks (all appearing on CD for the first time) including: five demos, two live tracks, one instrumental, two rare remixes, and Book of Love's version of "We Three Kings" from Sire Records' 1987 promo Christmas compilation "Yulesville".
Release and reception.
"Book of Love" was released on LP and cassette on April 1, 1986 with twelve tracks, featuring a mixture of memorable melodies and intriguing lyrics. Upon release, "Book of Love" did not chart, receiving little attention among the large number of New Wave and synthpop albums at the time. Four of the album's tracks were released as singles, which charted successfully on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play and Hot Dance Singles Sales charts in the US.
"Allmusic" gave the album an editor rating of 4 out of 5 stars, with William Ruhlmann claiming, "...dance pop with an edge. The music is sweeter and lighter than much of this genre, and vocalist Susan Ottaviano has a matter-of-fact phrasing style that keeps it all from getting too sweet." The reissue also received a 4 out of 5 rating, with William Ruhlmann stating, "On this debut album, songs like "You Make Me Feel So Good" have an effervescent early-'60s girl group bounce, while others suggest what the early Velvet Underground with Nico might have sounded like with synthesizers."
"PopMatters" gave the album reissue a 7 out of 10 rating, with Associate Music Editor Christel Owens referring to the original album as "near perfection".
"Bullz-Eye.com's" David Medsker gave the reissue 5 stars out of five, stating, "The band’s eponymous debut is a dance pop masterpiece, with perky dance beats and mile-wide choruses. 'Boy', 'I Touch Roses' and 'You Make Me Feel So Good' were all massive club hits, but there isn’t a bum track in the bunch, and Ivan Ivan’s production has held up remarkably well."
Personnel.
Additional personnel:
Bonus Tracks on 1990 CD
Reissue credits:
Chart positions.
Singles.
"—" denotes a release that did not chart.

</doc>
<doc id="18687537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687537" title="Steven Frank">
Steven Frank

Steven Frank may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18687544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687544" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Cinematography)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Cinematography)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Cinematography.
1981 Jost Vacano
1984 Robby Müller
1985 Xaver Schwarzenberger
1986 Gerard Vandenberg
1988 Jürgen Jürges
1990 Axel Block
1991 Gernot Roll
1992 Joseph Vilsmaier
1994 Jörg Widmer
1995 Michael Epp
1996 Carl-Friedrich Koschnick
1997 Tom Fährmann
1998 Carl-Friedrich Koschnick
1999 Edward Kłosiński
2000 Rainer Klausmann
2001 Martin Langer
2002 Judith Kaufmann
2003 Franz Rath
2004 Jürgen Jürges
2005 Hans-Günther Bücking
2006 Andreas Höfer
2007 Benedict Neuenfels

</doc>
<doc id="18687561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687561" title="Ballarat North Workshops">
Ballarat North Workshops

Ballarat North Workshops is a Railway systems engineering facility located in the provincial city of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. They are located in the suburb of Soldiers Hill on Creswick Road, and occupy 5.5 hectares of land beside the junction of the Mildura and Serviceton railway lines.
History.
The workshops were opened in April 1917 by the main rail operator in Victoria, the Victorian Railways. They were opened in response to political pressures from provincial groups for decentralisation, with the Victorian Railways preferring the cheaper option of expanding the existing Newport Workshops in suburban Melbourne. The main work carried out was repairs and maintenance of existing wagons and locomotives, however, but from 1919-22 a small number of new steam locomotives were also built. By the 1960s goods wagons were also being built, and by the 1980s work was also being carried out on Melbourne suburban electric multiple units.
The 1980s were also a time of restructuring, with run down facilities replaced and modernised, but a large number of the 540 employees were made redundant. With the breakup of the Victorian Railways the workshops passed to the State Transport Authority and then the Public Transport Corporation. With privatisation the workshops were sold to Alstom Australia in 1999 for $7 million. In 2005 Alstom sold their Australian and new Zealand operations to United Group, but leased the workshops at Ballarat to United Group.
Operations.
Today workshops provide maintenance services to a number of Victorian Railway operators and employ 150 staff. Work includes manufacturing, reconditioning and component overhaul work for Melbourne's train and tram networks, V/Line Passenger, Freight Australia and Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia.
Recent work include the work on suburban trains for Connex Melbourne, including the refurbishment of Comeng and Hitachi trains, as well as the fitout of new Alstom X'Trapolis 100 trains inported from France. It has also fitted Train Protection & Warning System equipment to the V/Line fleet, and constructed 61 new 100-tonne bulk grain hoppers for Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18687566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687566" title="List of Nepenthes species">
List of Nepenthes species

This list of "Nepenthes" species is a comprehensive listing of all known species of the carnivorous plant genus "Nepenthes". It includes 153 recognised extant species, 3 incompletely diagnosed taxa, and 3 nothospecies. Three possible extinct species are also covered.
The official IUCN conservation status of each species is taken from the latest edition of the IUCN Red List. Unofficial assessments based on the IUCN criteria are also included, but are presented in italics. Unless otherwise noted, taxonomic determinations and all other information are sourced from Stewart McPherson's two-volume "Pitcher Plants of the Old World", published in 2009. Where recent literature provides an altitudinal distribution that falls outside the range given in "Pitcher Plants of the Old World", the discrepancy is noted.
All major islands within a species's geographic range are included. Smaller surrounding islands are listed separately under "Minor islands", though these lists are not exhaustive. In the case of archipelagos such as the Philippines, the individual islands to which the species is native are shown in brackets.
Authorities are presented in the form of a standard author citation, using abbreviations specified by the International Plant Names Index. Years given denote the year of the species's formal publication under the current name, thus excluding the earlier basionym date of publication if one exists.
Extant species.
Incompletely diagnosed taxa.
The following undescribed taxa are taken from "Pitcher Plants of the Old World" and its supplementary volume, "New Nepenthes", published in 2011.
Nothospecies.
Matthew Jebb and Martin Cheek recognised the following three nothospecies in their monographs on the genus ("A skeletal revision of "Nepenthes" (Nepenthaceae)" (1997) and "Nepenthaceae" (2001)). In the recent literature, these taxa have generally been treated as natural hybrids rather than as species. Of the three, "N. × kinabaluensis" has the strongest claim to species status, as it grows in two large, self-sustaining populations independent of its putative parent species. These populations are reportedly true breeding. Jumaat Haji Adam and C. C. Wilcock advocated the recognition of "N. × kinabaluensis" as a species in a 1998 article.
Extinct species.
Fossil pollen of various provenance, much of it originally described under the form taxon "Droseridites", has been tentatively assigned to "Nepenthes" by several authors. The following three species were transferred to the genus "Nepenthes" by Wilfried Krutzsch in 1985.
Some authors consider "Droseridites major" and "D. parvus" as synonyms of "Nepenthidites laitryngewensis".
Pollen from the Kerguelen Islands originally described as "D. spinosus" has also been interpreted as belonging to "Nepenthes".

</doc>
<doc id="18687580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687580" title="Aunus">
Aunus

Aunus

</doc>
<doc id="18687587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687587" title="Point Hope (cape)">
Point Hope (cape)

Point Hope is a headland in the U.S. state of Alaska, located at the western tip of the Lisburne Peninsula. It lies on the Chukchi Sea coast, 40 miles southwest of Cape Lisburne, Arctic Slope at (68.347052, -166.762917). The city of Point Hope is located on the foreland. 
The Inuit name for this cape was Tikarakh or Tikiqaq commonly spelled "Tiagara," meaning "forefinger".
The first recorded Europeans to sight this cape were Russian explorers Mikhail Vasiliev and Gleb Shishmaryov of the Imperial Russian Navy on the ships "Otkrietie" and "Blagonamierennie". Vasiliev and Shishmaryov named the headland Mys Golovnina, after Vice Admiral Vasily Golovnin (1776–1831).
This cape was later renamed by Captain Frederick William Beechey of the Royal Navy, who wrote on August 2, 1826: ""I named it Point Hope in compliment to Sir William Johnstone Hope"." According to Archdeacon Stuck Sir William Hope hailed from a "well-known house long connected with the sea".

</doc>
<doc id="18687594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687594" title="Alan Calzatti">
Alan Calzatti

Alan Calzatti, (born on 1965 in Moscow) is a director, cinematographer, and a movie editor.
Calzatti is well versed in the creative and technical aspects of directing, shooting, editing and creating CGI/visual effects. He has directed videos for major companies such as Atlantic, Sony, EMI, A&M, SRC/Zoo Ent., East West Records, American Records, WEA International, Quality Records, Jive, Hollywood Records and BMG/RCA. Most recently, he shot the critically acclaimed "rockumentary" “Heima - a film by Sigur Rós". In 2010 Alan served as a cinematographer on "Go Quiet", a film with jonsi (Jón Þór Birgisson), the film was directed by Dean DeBlois.
Biography.
Calzatti is a son of a Director of Photography and a grandson of a Director. At the age of six, his family migrated to Israel, where his father shot documentaries throughout the war torn Middle East. In 1981, Calzatti’s family moved to Los Angeles and shortly after high school, he began directing and producing numerous industrials and productions for the home video market. A few years later, he directed and shot his first music video for the group Compton's Most Wanted.
Career.
In 1990 (with partner Jeff Clark), Calzatti formed Calzatti/Clark Productions, later changing the name to Sputnik Films. Throughout the next 18 years, he completed over 250 music videos and numerous commercials for the US and international markets. In 1996, Calzatti received the MTV Viewers Choice Award for Get Down (You're the One for Me). One year later, Calzatti repeated that success with 'N Sync, which climbed to a number one position on the European charts. In 2007, he directed a music video for the Russian singer Alsou.

</doc>
<doc id="18687618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687618" title="Antioch School of Law">
Antioch School of Law

Antioch School of Law was a law school in Washington, D.C. which specialized in public advocacy, which now operates as the University of the District of Columbia David A. Clarke School of Law.
History.
Antioch was established in Washington, D.C. in 1972 by Edgar S. and Jean Camper Cahn, longtime champions of the legal rights of low-income and minority persons. The Cahns were also instrumental in establishment of the federal Legal Services Corporation during the administration of President Lyndon Johnson. They served as the first deans of the school, and envisioned a law school focused on training highly skilled attorneys dedicated to public interest advocacy. The school was eventually fully accredited, and operated until 1988.
The School pioneered a comprehensive law clinic education model which has now been acknowledged by the American Bar Association and the Association of American Law Schools as being an essential part of a complete legal education, and has been incorporated to some degree into the curriculum of virtually every law school in the United States.
The School, in fact, was envisioned as more than a law school - it was to be a public interest law firm with teacher-lawyers and student-advocates providing pro bono legal services to the poor and others who were unable to obtain representation. The intent was to create an intense combination of learning and practice. New students also spent their first two weeks at the School living with families in Washington's slums to get a feel for the poor people whom the students would soon be representing. This was part of the School's effort to inculcate a passion to eradicate injustice in society in its students.
From the beginning, Antioch's approach to admissions was far less test-score oriented than most other law schools. The Cahns said they wanted "good" students as well as "bright" ones. They recognized that not only do those who lack a conventional cultural or educational background have the potential to become good lawyers, they often, uniquely, have the motivation and life experiences to become great advocates for change and social justice. Antioch provided many students an opportunity to attend law school that they probably would not have been afforded otherwise.
In addition to its first professional degree program, which led to the juris doctor degree, permitting graduates to seek licensure as attorneys in all American jurisdictions, the School also offered an advanced degree program leading to the Masters of Laws (LL.M.) in trial advocacy, which was designed to produce highly skilled trial practitioners. The program's tacit goal was to produce attorneys whose abilities and reputation for aggressiveness were such that potential opposing counsel - generally viewed as corporate lackeys or defenders of the forces of reaction - would be cowed into beneficial compromise by the prospect of facing annihilation in the courtroom at the hands of Antioch alumni.
The law school was run under the auspices of Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio, long a pioneer in educational innovation, which, at various points in its history, operated as many as 32 separate entities in several states, as well as abroad. By the early 1980s, however, faced with growing financial challenges, and a diminished interest in its educational approach, Antioch was forced to scale back its operations, and, in 1986, made the difficult decision to close the law school. In the winter of 2009, the Chancellor of Antioch University set as a priority the exploration of reopening the Antioch School of Law.
In 1986, after the announcement of the law school's closing, Antioch Law students and alumni mounted a spirited grassroots campaign and ultimately succeeded in convincing the Council of the District of Columbia to establish the District of Columbia School of Law (DCSL). Though it had no formal connection to Antioch, the DCSL specifically adopted Antioch's mission and curriculum, including the clinical legal education components, employed many of its faculty, and afforded Antioch School of Law alumni full rights as alumni of the new law school. In 1996, the DCSL was absorbed by the University of the District of Columbia, a traditionally black public institution. Renamed in 1998, what had constituted the first professional degree curriculum of Antioch School of Law now operates as the University of the District of Columbia David A. Clarke School of Law, a fully accredited institution with several hundred students, and with one of the nation's most highly regarded clinical legal education programs.
Initially, the LL.M. in trial advocacy program was adopted as it existed by George Washington University Law School, and operated under that school's aegis. In the ensuing years, however, the program was gradually diminished, and now exists only in truncated form as a three-credit, six-day offering known as the College of Trial Advocacy, and in various other courses in advanced advocacy skills and dispute resolution, at George Washington.
Antioch School of Law was located on 16th Street, NW and its law library a block away on Crescent Place, Northwest, in the Adams-Morgan neighborhood of Washington, D.C., near Meridian Hill Park.
References.
1 - http://connection.ebscohost.com/content/article/1024529234.htmlcountry=USA&state=FLORIDA#atsregion

</doc>
<doc id="18687645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687645" title="Scoliopus">
Scoliopus

Scoliopus, or Fetid Adder's Tongue, is a genus of plant within the Liliaceae family consisting of two species, "Scoliopus bigelovii" and "S. hallii." Both are found in deep shaded forests, primarily in the coastal counties of the western United States from central California to northern Oregon. The name "Scoliopus" derives from the Greek words "skolios" and "pous", meaning curved foot, a reference to the shape of the pedicel. Taxonomists believe that Scoliopus is closely related to "Calochortus", "Prosartes", "Streptopus" and "Tricyrtis", which all have creeping rhizomes as well as styles that divide at the tip.
Description.
"Scoliopus" has two mottled leaves at its base and a long pedicel that, over time, bends and twists so that the fruit touches the ground. The flowers, which bloom in the late winter and early spring, are pale green or yellow when fresh, lined with narrow purple or dark brown veins, with wide, spreading sepals and narrower petals, three stamens, and a three-angled ovary. The flower's nectaries induce insects to enter and crawl around, with pollen generally deposited on the insect's back. Fungus gnats (Sciaridae and Mycetophilidae) are the principle pollinators of "Scoliopus bigelovii".
Botanist John Howell described "S. bigelovii" as thrusting "ill-scented flowers" from two tightly rolled leaves as soon as they sprout. By the time the leaves develop, "the first fruits are already well formed at the ends of elongate sprawling twisting pedicels."
Species.
Two characteristics separating the species are the shade of the flower and the regions where they grow. "S. bigelovii" flowers are greenish; "S. hallii" flowers are grayish-yellow. "S. bigelovii" grows in California from San Luis Obispo County to Humboldt County. "S. hallii" grows in Oregon, often along streams, on the western slopes of the Cascades and in the state's coastal mountains, ranging from near Oregon's southern border to Tillamook County.

</doc>
<doc id="18687669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687669" title="Coolidge Ball">
Coolidge Ball

Coolidge Ball, born in Indianola, Mississippi, was the first African American athlete to play any sport at the University of Mississippi (Ole Miss) in Oxford, Mississippi. Ball played forward for the Ole Miss basketball team. Because freshmen were not allowed to play with the varsity team back then, Ball played just three seasons (1972, 1973 and 1974). He enrolled in 1970 and received a basketball scholarship.
College career.
Ball signed scholarship papers to New Mexico State before he signed the national letter of intent to Ole Miss. He was recruited by New Mexico State assistants Rob Evans and Ed Murphy, both future Ole Miss head coaches. Ball also was recruited by then-Jackson State University head coach Paul Covington.
As of August 2008, Ball ranked 11th on the Ole Miss scoring charts with 1,072 points and fifth in career rebounds with 754. Ole Miss had a winning season in all three seasons he played.
After college.
Since 1979, Ball has owned and operated Ball Sign Company, a business he started upon his return to Oxford after a four-year stint coaching basketball at Northwest Mississippi Community College.
Honors.
In 2005, Ball was part of the SEC Basketball Legends 2005 class honored at the SEC Men's Basketball Tournament at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Georgia.
In August 2008, Ball was inducted into the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame.
Ball is also in the Ole Miss Athletic Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18687697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687697" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Screenplay)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Screenplay)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Screenplay.
1979 Reiner Kunze
1980 Judith Herzberg, Franz Weisz
1987 Percy & Eleonore Adlon, Ulf Miehe, Klaus Richter
1989 Gabriel Barylli
1993 Uli Schwarzenberger
1994 Jan Schütte, Thomas Strittmatter
1996 Kit Hopkins
1998 Rolf Basedow, Doris Dörrie, Ruth Stadler
1999 Romuald Karmakar, Bodo Kirchhoff
2000 Don Bohlinger, Christoph Darnstädt, Mario Giordano
2001 Franziska Buch
2002 Ruth Toma
2003 Luigi Falorni, Michael Gutmann, Hans-Christian Schmid
2004 Michael Gutmann, Oskar Roehler
2005 Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
2006 Chris Kraus
2007 Ralf Westhoff

</doc>
<doc id="18687711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687711" title="Caspar Whitney">
Caspar Whitney

Caspar William Whitney (September 2, 1864 – January 18, 1929) was an American author, editor, explorer, outdoorsman and war correspondent. He originated the concept of the All-American team in college football in 1889 when he worked for "Harper's Magazine".
Biography.
He was educated at Saint Mathew's College in California. During the Spanish-American War, Whitney submitted articles from the front in Cuba. At the Battle of Las Guasimas, he accompanied General Young's 1st and 10th (Regular) Cavalry. His published map of the battle is considered the most accurate of that action published at that time. His depiction of the fighting on the right is made from personal observation. His depiction of the left where the Rough Riders fought was based on post-battle interviews.
From 1900, he was an owner and editor-in-chief of the monthly "Outing" magazine, which promoted the outdoors and sporting pursuits, as well as a good deal of adventure fiction; authors included Jack London and Clarence E. Mulford. He was a founding member of The Explorers Club (1904) after expeditions in North and South America. He later edited "Outdoor America". He declared bankruptcy in 1910.
As a sports journalist he was an advocate of athletic amateurism and was a member of the International Olympic Committee (1900–1905) and the American Olympic Committee (President 1906–1910). He wrote on a wide range of subjects including big-game hunting, inter collegiate sporting contests (especially football and baseball), amateur versus professional contests, and the Olympic games. In the early 1900s, he edited "The American Sportsman's Library," a quality series of 16 volumes.
Whitney testified in a lawsuit against him that he earned a salary of $8,000 (nearly $200,000 inflation adjusted to 2008) for editing "Outing" and $1,500 (about $35,000 inflation adjusted) for editing the American Sportsman's Library.
Whitney married three times: Anna Childs in 1889, Cora Adele Chase in 1897 and Florence Canfield in 1909. The latter was the daughter of the colorful miner and industrialist Charles A. Canfield (1848-1913) (the subject of a Whitney biography). She participated in founding the League of Women Voters and remained active politically until her death in a motor vehicle accident in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="18687717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687717" title="Todd Robbins">
Todd Robbins

Todd Robbins (born August 15, 1958) is an American magician, lecturer, actor, and author.
Biography.
Todd Robbins was born in Long Beach, California, the son of a soap executive and a schoolteacher. At the age of 10, Robbins was introduced to magic, enrolling in magic lessons at the B&H School of Magic every Saturday afternoon. His regular interaction with these seasoned magicians and "carnies" led to an interest learning the secrets of Side Show Arts. At 12, Todd joined the Long Beach Mystics, a troupe run by the students and hosting professional magicians and variety acts, including an up and coming young juggler/magician named Steve Martin.
With a new interest in performance, Robbins attended the American Conservatory Theater in San Francisco where he earned his degree in Theatre Arts. In 1980 he moved to New York City to pursue a career in theatre.
Instead he resurrected his interest in magic and carnivals and ended up working at Coney Island.
Robbins inherited the sideshow tradition almost literally, from Melvin Burkhart, one of the pioneers in the field. Born in 1920, Burkhart worked venues from Ringling Brothers to Ripley's Believe It or Not, making a name for himself as the father of the blockhead routine—hammering a nail into one's nostril. Burkhart's last performance took place on October 8, 2001 at Robbins's wedding to Krista Brown. About month after the performance, Burkhart died, leaving his props to Robbins; his costume and signature enormous nail arrived in the mail. His cremated remains were also left to Robbins, who subsequently sprinkled the ashes at Coney Island.
Career.
Robbins is known for a variety of carnival acts such as sword swallowing, hammering a nail into his nostril, and eating glass items including wine glasses and light bulbs. Robbins estimates he has eaten more than 5,000 light bulbs throughout his career, sometimes consuming up to 21 per week.
Robbins has been featured on more than 100 television shows, which include multiple appearances on David Letterman, Jay Leno and Conan O'Brien; "Masters of Illusion"; and the NBC special "Extreme Variety". He was a featured guest on "Criss Angel Mindfreak" and is also the main subject of the 2005 documentary American Carny: True Tales From The Circus Sideshow directed by Nick Basile.
Robbins is one of five partners in the longest running off-Broadway show, Monday Night Magic.
He starred in an off-Broadway show "Carnival Knowledge" which ran from 2002 to 2004 and featured Robbins eating light bulbs and swallowing swords. He also served as dean of the sideshow school in Coney Island, where for $600 he would teach about the history of sideshow acts as well as instruct the students how to swallow swords or lie on a bed of nails.
In 2008 he toured as part of a stage show called "Hoodwinked" with Bob Arno, Banachek and Richard Turner.
In 2009 Robbins was featured in a Ripley's Believe It or Not! cartoon panel noting that he had "chewed and swallowed over 4,000 light bulbs."
In 2010 Robbins starred in "Play Dead", written by Robbins and Teller of Penn & Teller, a "throwback to the spook shows of the 1930s and ’40s" that ran September 12–24 in Las Vegas before opening Off Broadway in New York at The Players Theatre.
Todd Robbins has worked for Ripley's Believe It Or Not! and was also a ringmaster at the Big Apple Circus.
He has been associated with the Big Apple Circus for more than a dozen years (performing in various roles including the ringmaster) and can often be seen playing piano with Woody Allen's jazz band at the Cafe Carlyle. Todd currently performs regularly at New York’s longest running Off-Broadway magic show, Monday Night Magic.
"Play Dead" the film.
Inspired by his off-Broadway show and co-written by Teller of Penn & Teller, the film combines a tongue-in-cheek, skeptical humor, which will be familiar to Penn & Teller fans, with elements from carnival sideshows, magic shows, séances and haunted houses. This Grand Guignol revivalism hearkens back to the early days of the 40's spook shows when gruesome surprises awaited an unsuspecting audience. A theme of blind faith runs throughout, and gives Robbins and Teller the opportunity to use and then reveal the illusions put forth by mediums, calling them out for the criminals they truly are. In his "Meet the Skeptics" interview from TAM 2013, Robbins admits to having a "fascination for people... who are frauds artists and spiritualists," who claim to have supernatural powers which are, in reality, proven sideshow techniques Robbins performs himself. In his words, this is "reality at its most amazing."
Robbins and Teller are now in development of this show into TV series. "The series chronicles a traveling theatrical troupe that, under the guise of performing a quirky magic show of spooky amusement, presents experimentations of alchemistic procedures for the resurrection of the dead," writes Robbins.

</doc>
<doc id="18687743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687743" title="End-Botomian mass extinction">
End-Botomian mass extinction

The Botomian age of the Early Cambrian epoch lasted from "ca" 524 to "ca" 517 Mya. At the end of the Botomian age there was a mass extinction that wiped out a high percentage of the organisms for which fossils were found. Organisms which produced small shelly fossils were almost exterminated.

</doc>
<doc id="18687762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687762" title="Alexander (artists)">
Alexander (artists)

Alexander (Gr. ) was the name of a number of different artists in ancient Greece and Rome:

</doc>
<doc id="18687785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687785" title="Robert Holden">
Robert Holden

Robert Holden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18687810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687810" title="Phoenix Foundry">
Phoenix Foundry

The Phoenix Foundry was a company that built steam locomotives and other industrial machinery in the city of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia. Over 30 years they built 352 locomotives for the Victorian Railways, of 38 different designs.
History.
The Phoenix Foundry was established in 1854 to build mining machinery and was incorporated as the Phoenix Foundry Co. Ltd. in 1870.
It was founded by ironfounder William Shaw, moulder Robert Holden, and enginesmiths Robert Carter and George Threlfell. The business prospered and by November 1861 employed 96 men producing a wide range of products. From around 1858 the employees were working eight hour days while doing as much work as Englishmen did in ten hours. In August 1871 the foundry successfully tendered for the first Victorian Government railway locomotive contracts, with the first one delivered on 27 February 1873, and by 1884 over 350 men were employed. Modernisation of the works was carried out after Shaw visited Britain in 1871 and 1885, becoming the most advanced workshops in the southern hemisphere. The hundredth locomotive was completed in April 1883, the two hundredth completed by October 1887. The majority of locomotives built were duplicates of imported 'pattern engines' designed and built overseas by other companies. 
Issues arose in 1889 when Shaw attempted enforce a non-union shop resulting in conflict with employees. Further trouble arose the foundry's relationships with the Victorian Railways, with a tender war erupting between Phoenix and the VR Newport Workshops for the construction of the Dd class 4-6-0 light line locomotives. A Royal Commission was appointed in October 1904 to resolve the question of the 'real costs' of production. The Commission found in favour of Newport, who could produce a locomotive for £3,364 - some £497 cheaper than Phoenix's cost, and that Phoenix was making a 23 percent profit on each locomotive. Phoenix received no further orders beyond the seven members of the Dd class which were delivered in 1904. The works lasted another year until the directors entered voluntary liquidation. 
Locomotives.
Locomotives built by the Phoenix Foundry for the Victorian Railways included:

</doc>
<doc id="18687815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687815" title="Ekin Cheng discography">
Ekin Cheng discography

Discography.
This is the discography of Hong Kong actor and singer Ekin Cheng.
"Note:" English titles of Songs and Albums in "italic" indicates the name is simply a translation of the Chinese title as no official English title exists.
Others.
A list of collection albums of various Hong Kong singers including Ekin Cheng.
Featuring Karaoke.
A list of karaoke compilation of various Hong Kong Singers including Ekin Cheng.
Featuring MTVs.
A list of music videos that Ekin Cheng starred in.

</doc>
<doc id="18687817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687817" title="Faldir Chahbari">
Faldir Chahbari

"Fast" Faldir Chahbari (Arabic: فلدير شهبري; born August 30, 1979) is Moroccan-Dutch welterweight kickboxer, fighting out of Brummen, Netherlands. He a x2 Muay Thai amateur world champion and is the former (and first ever) World Full Contact Association (W.F.C.A.) Thai-boxing junior middleweight world champion.
Biography.
Faldir Chahbari began boxing at the Kickboxing brummen gym in 1994, and started in youth matches 2 years later. Trained at the time by Kenneth Macnack, he now has his own gym giving training sessions in Zutphen and Apeldoorn. He has only one functioning eye, after losing the use of the other eye in an accident as a child.
Career.
Chahbari spent most of his early career fighting in the Netherlands. He won his first major title at the Battle of Arnhem II event in 2001 where he won the I.K.B.O. European title. He followed up this victory by winning the W.P.K.L. Dutch national title the very next year. In 2004 he added another national title to his resume, this time with the W.F.C.A., following up with the European version in 2005 with a win against the talented knockout specialist Murat Direkçi. Between the years 2000 and 2006 he picked up some decent wins, defeating the likes of Marco Piqué and Gago Drago and retained his W.P.K.L. and W.F.C.A. national and European titles in other bouts. He also had a successful amateur career, winning two gold medals at the W.M.F. world championships held in Bangkok, Thailand and a silver at the W.A.K.O world championships held in Agadir, Morocco.
In 2006 Chahbari entered the K-1 MAX Netherlands 2006 in a bid to qualify for a reserve fight at the K-1 World MAX 2006 Final, He made his way through to the K-1 MAX Netherlands final in Utrecht but had his dreams of a flight to Yokohama scuppered by the experienced Rayen Simson who defeated him after an extension round. The following year he retained his W.F.C.A. European title by knocking out Chris Venrooij with a knee after just 15 seconds. Although he had missed out on a place at the K-1 MAX final the previous year, Chahbari did make his way to Japan where he took part in a number of Shoot Boxing events in Tokyo, winning one and losing one. In 2008, as W.F.C.A. European champion he met multiple world champion Albert Kraus, defeating him over five rounds to become the first ever W.F.C.A. world title holder at junior middleweight (under 70 kg). He held on to the belt until early 2010 when he lost to the highly decorated Andy Souwer who became the new champion. Since 2006 he has suffered more defeats as the competition has got tougher, losing to the likes of Buakaw Por. Pramuk and Giorgio Petrosyan, but has still shown himself to be a contender winning a KlasH tournament late in 2010 by defeating Shemsi Beqiri.
Titles.
Professional 
Amateur 

</doc>
<doc id="18687825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687825" title="Tiidrek Nurme">
Tiidrek Nurme

Tiidrek Nurme (born November 11, 1985) is an Estonian middle distance runner, the current national record holder of the 1500 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18687832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687832" title="Explosive Mode">
Explosive Mode

Explosive Mode is a studio album by San Quinn and Messy Marv. It is the first installment in the three album series, which did well through independent sales and is considered a Bay Area classic in the late '90s.

</doc>
<doc id="18687881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687881" title="Kushan coinage">
Kushan coinage

In the coinage of the North Indian and Central Asian Kushan Empire (approximately 30-375 CE) the main coins issued were gold, weighing 7.9g., and base metal issues of various weights between 12g and 1.5g. Little silver coinage was issued, but in later periods the gold used was debased with silver.
The coin designs usually broadly follow the styles of the preceding Greco-Bactrian rulers in using Hellenistic styles of image, with a deity on one side and the king on the other. Kings may be shown as a profile head, a standing figure, typically officiating at a fire altar in Zoroastrian style, or mounted on a horse. The artistry of the dies is generally lower than the exceptionally high standards of the best coins of Greco-Bactrian rulers. Continuing influence from Roman coins can be seen in designs of the late 1st and 2nd century CE, and also in mint practices evidenced on the coins, as well as a gradual reduction in the value of the metal in base metal coins, so that they become virtual tokens. Iranian influence, especially in the royal figures and the pantheon of deities used, is even stronger. Under Kanishka the royal title of "King of kings" changed from the Greek "ΒΑΣΙΛΕΥΣ ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΝ" to the Persian form "ϷAONANOϷAO" (Shah of Shahs).
Much of what little information we have of Kushan political history derives from coins. The language of inscriptions is typically the Bactrian language, written in a script derived from Greek. Many coins show the tamga symbols (see table) as a kind of monogram for the ruler. There were several regional mints, and the evidence from coins suggests that much of the empire was semi-independent.
Kushan deities.
The Kushan religious pantheon is extremely varied, as revealed by their coins and their seals, on which more than 30 different gods appear, belonging to the Hellenistic, the Iranian, and to a lesser extent the Indian world. Greek deities, with Greek names are represented on early coins. During Kanishka's reign, the language of the coinage changes to Bactrian (though it remained in Greek script for all kings). After Huvishka, only two divinities appear on the coins: "Ardoxsho" and "Oesho" (see details below).
Representation of entities from Greek mythology and Hellenistic syncretism are:
The Indic entities represented on coinage include:
The Iranian entities depicted on coinage include:
Additionally:
Base metal issues.
MacDowell (1968) identified three regional copper issues of Kajula Kadphises and Vima Taktu of separate coinage in their first issue, which would correspond to the three previous realms making up the Kushan empire. The northern area, Bactria which had the largest sized coins of 12g (tetradrachms) and 1.5g, Gandhara whose coinage weighed 9-10g for large and 2g for small, and the Indian area, where coins are 4g each.
MacDowell (1960) proposed a gradual reduction of all three issues starting with Huvishka, while Chattopadhyay (1967) proposes a rapid devaluation of the issue by Kanishka. It seems that there were two reductions based on the coinage of the rulers just named.
Later issues were unified into a central coinage system of weights.
Gold coinage.
Vima Kadphises issued three denominations of for this metal, a two of 15.75 grammes, a one of 7.8 grammes and a quarter dinar piece of 1.95 grammes.

</doc>
<doc id="18687883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687883" title="The Deserving Favourite">
The Deserving Favourite

The Deserving Favourite is a Caroline era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Lodowick Carlell that was first published in 1629. The earliest of Carlell's plays "and also the best," it is notable for its influence on other plays of the Caroline era.
Performance and publication.
The play was first printed in 1629 in a quarto issued by the stationer Matthew Rhodes. (The work was not entered into the Stationers' Register prior to publication. This violation of the rules was unusual, though not unprecedented; the same is true of a few other plays of the era, like "Greene's Tu Quoque" in 1614, and "A Fair Quarrel" in 1617.) The title page states that the play had "lately" been acted, first at Court before King Charles I and then "publicly" at the Blackfriars Theatre, by the King's Men.
Carlell dedicated the first edition to two personal friends, Thomas Carey, second son to the Earl of Monmouth, and William Murray. Both were gentlemen of the King's Bedchamber.
A second quarto was issued in 1659 by the stationer Humphrey Moseley.
"Vanity".
There is no indication just how recent a production that word "lately" might mean, though it could have been in the same year, 1629. This play was an early instance of a phenomenon that came to distinguish the final phase of the King's Men's existence: what can be called "vanity" productions of plays written by courtiers. Previously, the King's Men had chosen their plays on the basis of their appeal to the popular audience; but in the Caroline era they staged more plays by courtiers like Carlell, William Cartwright, Sir John Suckling, and Thomas Killigrew. At least some of these productions were subsidised in varying ways. The plays were sometimes published soon after their premieres in vanity editions, the folio printing of Suckling's "Aglaura" being the extreme example.
For these courtiers, playwriting "was one of many fields in which one might emerge in virtuoso self-display, and the lengths to which Suckling and others were prepared to go, following the fashion set by Lodowick Carlell's "The Deserving Favourite" (c. 1629), to have their works publicly performed, is an indication of the new importance of the theater for an aspiring wit."
Carlell's first play served as a model for the courtly tragicomedies that followed it in the 1630s, plays like Sir William Davenant's "The Platonick Lovers" (1636) and "The Fair Favourite" (1638) among others, which show the influence of the cult of Platonic love at the court of Queen Henrietta Maria. In his "The Unfortunate Lovers" (also 1638), Davenant borrows the names of Carlell's lovers, Lysander and Clarinda, for his similar pair of characters.
Source.
Carlell based the plot of his play on a Spanish novel titled "La duquesa de Mantua" by the popular author Don Alonzo del Castillo Solorzano, first published in 1628 or 1629 (the dates in copies of the first edition vary). The close conjunction of dates suggests that the play's authorship, performances, and publication all followed each other closely in a brief span of time, 1628–29.
The cast.
The 1629 quarto provides a cast list of the original production.
The list yields insight into the workings of the company at the time of the production.
other King's Men cast lists of the 1625–35 period, see: "The Picture", "The Roman Actor", "The Swisser".
Synopsis.
In an unnamed country, ruled by an unnamed King, a love triangle prevails among three passionate people. Lysander and Clarinda are deeply in love; but the Duke, the King's powerful cousin, also loves Clarinda and seeks her hand in marriage. (The Duke is the King's "favourite," the prime courtier in his court. He is the "deserving favourite" of the title.) Lysander is indebted to the Duke for the preservation of his "life and fortune" — when Lysander's villainous uncle tried to cheat his nephew of his patrimony, the Duke prevented the injustice. His sense of honour drives Lysander to try to step aside and let the Duke prevail with Clarinda – but the young woman resists this; Lysander is her choice.
Through self-interest and malice, the bad servant Iacomo is motivated to interfere. Lysander tries to drive Clarinda into the Duke's arms by displaying his own unworthiness: he suggests that they can maintain a clandestine love affair after she and the Duke are married. Clarinda is not fooled; she pretends to second the idea and exposes Lysander's manipulation. Iacomo has brought the Duke to eavesdrop, however; and the Duke, hearing the first half of the talk, is outraged. His challenges Lysander to a duel.
The two meet in the forest (one of the forest scenes that are a hallmark of Carlell's drama). In the fight, both are seriously wounded. The princess Cleonarda, the King's sister and an avid huntress, comes upon their bodies; she falls in love with Lysander, and takes him to her hunting lodge to nurse him back to health. She believes the other man is dead; but his body mysteriously disappears when her servants search for it. 
Rumor spreads that Lysander has killed the Duke, and the King offers rewards for his capture. Cleonarda nurses Lysander in hiding, and learns that her loves Clarinda; she is torn between her love for him and her admiration for his loyalty to his first affection. Clarinda is called to Lysander's side; she naively tells Iacomo of the plan. Disguised as a boy, Clarinda goes to the forest, guided by Iacomo; but the servant binds her hands and threatens to rape her. She escapes into the woods, and Iacomo goes to tell the King of Lysander's whereabouts. 
The bound and boy-disguised Clarinda is rescued by a man she meets in the woods. She fails to recognise that he is the Duke, who has also recovered from his wounds under the care of a forest-dwelling Hermit. Acting on Iacomo's information, the King and his men capture Lysander. Cleonarda reveals her love for him, and tries to obtain her brother's pardon; but the King is determined to execute the man that he believes killed the Duke. On the day of execution, the Duke shows himself still alive. 
Lysander is pardoned, and about to marry Clarinda — when the Hermit demands a halt to the wedding. The two young people cannot marry, because they are brother and sister. The Hermit is actually Count Orsinio, Lysander's father — but not his father, since Orsinio informs everyone that Lysander is Clarinda's brother, stolen in infancy. This explains the strong attraction they feel for each other. Since all four characters have been impressed with each other's nobility and honour, they accept the obvious resolution of their difficulties: the Duke and Clarinda agree to marry, as do Lysander and Cleonarda. The King resists the prospect of his sister marrying a subject; but when the two threaten to kill each other over the matter, he relents.
As the Hermit turned out to be Count Orsinio, so Iacomo turns out to be his brother the villainous uncle. He is sent to prison for the rest of his life.
In the Epilogue to the play, Carlell acknowledges that his audience might consider the drama "only full / Of gross absurdities..."
Distaff sex.
When Cleonarda and Clarinda meet for the first time, the two women praise each other's beauty, in terms that (to a modern ear at least) sound surprisingly erotic. Lysander later tells Clarinda that after he is executed "You and the Princess may together make / A kind of marriage..." Suggestions of lesbianism crop up curiously in Caroline-era plays, in contrast to earlier phases of English Renaissance drama; they recur in plays by Richard Brome — see "The Antipodes", "A Mad Couple Well-Match'd", and "The Queen's Exchange". James Shirley's "The Bird in a Cage" contains a comparable element.

</doc>
<doc id="18687886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687886" title="Rimau">
Rimau

Rimau is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Malaysia. It is a hunt game, and specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game) since it uses an expanded Alquerque board. The one tiger is being hunted by 24 men. The tiger attempts to eat the men, and the men attempt to trap the tiger. An interesting feature in this game is that the tiger can capture a line of men in a single leap. There must be an odd number of men in the line, and they must be adjacent to one another. In most hunt games, the tiger, leopard, or fox is only able to capture one prey in a leap. 
Rimau in Malay means "tiger". The men are called orang-orang. Orang-orang is the plural of orang which means "man".
Rimau is the single tiger version of the game Rimau-rimau which has two tigers. Both games have very similar rules. 
As mentioned earlier, Rimau is specifically part of the tiger hunt game (or tiger game) family as it uses an expanded Alquerque board. This family includes games like Rimau-rimau, Bagha-Chall, and Main Tapal Empat. In contrast, Leopard games are also hunt games, but use a more triangular board and not an Alquerque based board. Similarly, Fox games are also hunt games, but use more of a cross patterned board. 
Goal.
The men win if they block and immobilize the tiger's movements.
The tiger wins if they capture all the men, or capture enough men so that the men cannot effectively block and immobilize its movements. This usually happens when there are only 10 or 11 men left on the board. 
Equipment.
The game uses an expanded Alquerque board. There are two mountains (called "gunung" in Malay) attached on two opposite sides of the Alquerque board. The mountains are triangular boards. 
There is 1 black piece called a tiger, and 24 white pieces called men. 
Game play and rules.
1. In the beginning the tiger is placed at the vertex of one of the two mountains that connects to the Alquerque board. Nine men are initially placed on the nine intersection points of the central square of the Alquerque board. 
2. The tiger player moves first and removes any 3 men from the board. Then the tiger player may also pick up the tiger, and place it on any empty intersection point on the board, or the tiger player can simply leave the tiger where it is already. 
3. The man player moves next, and must drop his or her remaining 15 pieces on any vacant intersection point on the board one piece per turn before he or she can begin to move any of them. This will take 15 turns. Players alternate their turns throughout the game. The tigers can move and capture from the beginning.
4. After the 15 men have been dropped, they can then move. Only one man may be moved per turn. The man can be moved (in any available direction) along a line to a vacant adjacent intersection point. 
5. Similarly, the tiger can move (in any available direction) along a line to a vacant adjacent intersection point in a turn. However, the tiger, alternatively, can capture. The men cannot capture. 
6. The tiger can capture an "odd number of men (e.g. 1, 3, 5, or 7)". If more than one man is captured (i.e. 3, 5, or 7), the men must be in a line. The tiger must be adjacent to the man or line of men, and leap over them onto a vacant intersection point immediately beyond. The leaped pieces are removed. The tiger must leap over them "in a straight line" that follows the pattern on the board. Moreover, when capturing a line of men, the men must be "lined up right next to each other with no vacant points in between them". Once a man or a line of men are leaped over and captured, the tiger can no longer capture further or move. Captures are not compulsory. 
7. If the men are reduced to 10 or 11 pieces, the men will usually resign as there is not enough of them to effectively immobilize the two tigers.
Asymmetry.
Like all hunt games, Rimau is an asymmetric game in that the pieces controlled by one player are different from the pieces controlled by the other player. A tiger can capture whereas men can only simply block the tigers. Furthermore, the number of pieces is different for each player. The tiger player controls one tiger piece, and the man player controls the 24 man pieces. Lastly, the goals of each player are different. The goal of the tiger is to eliminate as many men as possible which would prevent the men from blocking its movements. However, the goal of the men is to block the movement of the tiger.

</doc>
<doc id="18687903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687903" title="John Jorritsma">
John Jorritsma

John Jorritsma (born 1956 in Bolsward) is the King's Commissioner of the Dutch province of Friesland. 

</doc>
<doc id="18687931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687931" title="Butchie's Drive-In">
Butchie's Drive-In

Butchie's Drive-In also known as Bailey's Dairy Treat is a historic restaurant in Hot Springs, Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="18687940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687940" title="Colin Scott">
Colin Scott

Colin Scott may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18687960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687960" title="Bob Wischusen">
Bob Wischusen

Bob Wischusen is an American sports commentator who is currently a college football and basketball voice for ESPN, the radio voice for the New York Jets and the pre-game and post-game radio host for the New York Red Bulls on 98.7 ESPN and the MSG Radio Network respectively.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Bob Wischusen grew up in New Jersey, and attended Union Catholic Regional High School in Scotch Plains. Bob then attended Boston College and began his sportscasting experience on WZBC, the school's 1000-watt FM radio station broadcasting to the Greater Boston area. Classmates and fellow broadcasters at WZBC included Joe Tessitore and Jon Sciambi, both of whom also went on to become successful sports announcers.
After graduating from B.C. in 1993, Wischusen went to work in sports radio at WQAM in Miami. After leaving the station he settled in New York, where he has worked since.
WFAN and WABC.
Originally, Wischusen worked for WFAN as a reporter and update host for the stations sports news flashes that air every twenty minutes. During his time at WFAN he began working on the station's Jets coverage, hosting the pregame, halftime, and postgame shows. When WFAN lost the rights to the Jets after the 1998 season, Wischusen followed the coverage to WABC. In 2002, he became the play-by-play voice for the Jets on the station after Howard David departed the team for a job in Miami. During his time with the Jets he's worked with Dave Jennings and Marty Lyons as his color commentators.
ESPN.
Wischusen began working for ESPN in 2006 as a secondary commentator for college football and basketball, usually calling games from mid-major conferences such as the MAC or WAC. As of 2009, Wischusen has been calling ACC college football regional action on ABC at 3:30(ET) with Brian Griese. For the 2010 college football season, Wischusen was paired with Brian Griese, calling games for the Noon(ET) ESPN2 broadcast. Wischusen is currently calling with Danny Kanell.
Other duties.
In addition to those duties, Wischusen is a substitute announcer for WEPN and MSG's coverage of the Knicks and New York Rangers, when announcers Kenny Albert, Sam Rosen, Mike Breen, and Gus Johnson are unavailable due to other commitments. Wischusen also announced for the New York Dragons AFL team during its first season alongside former Jet Greg Buttle. Wischusen also served as a field reporter for NBC's coverage of Game 1 of the 2000 American League Division Series between the New York Yankees and Oakland Athletics. In 2010, Wischusen teams with Sean McDonough to anchor coverage of the U.S. Open golf tournament on ESPN Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="18687963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687963" title="Daniel G. Nocera">
Daniel G. Nocera

Daniel George Nocera (born 3 July 1957) is an American chemist and university professor. His research has focused on the creation of an "artificial leaf" that mimics photosynthesis in plants for use in a decentralized energy system. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Time magazine included him in its 2009 list of the 100 most influential people.
Career.
Nocera received a B.S. degree in Chemistry (magna cum laude) from Rutgers University in 1979. He received a Ph.D. degree in Chemistry from the California Institute of Technology in 1984, after working with Professor Harry B. Gray studying the spectroscopy, electrochemistry, and photochemistry of polynuclear metal-metal bonded complexes. He joined the faculty of Michigan State University in 1984 as assistant professor, and became a professor at MSU in 1990. He moved to Massachusetts Institute of Technology as a professor of chemistry in 1997. In February 2012, Nocera agreed to move to the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology at Harvard University in Cambridge, MA.
Nocera and his researchers received media attention beginning in 2007 when he declared that a better understanding of the photosynthesis process could lead to economical storage of solar energy as chemical fuel.
He later announced that his group had developed a highly efficient anode electrocatalyst (cobalt phosphate) for use in electrolysis of water employing inexpensive materials. His work on artificial photosynthesis centers around the basic mechanisms of energy conversion in biology and chemistry, particularly in the theory of proton coupled electron transfer. He is also the director of the Solar Revolution Project at MIT which seeks to create innovations in photocatalytic water splitting towards the use of solar energy in large scale, mainstream applications.
In October 2010, Nocera signed with the Tata Group of India to commercialize his research.
Awards and honors.
Nocera has published over 225 papers. He has served on scientific advisory boards and editorial boards of several large corporations. He was the inaugural editor of "Inorganic Chemistry Communications", and was the inaugural chair of the editorial board for "ChemSusChem".
Research areas.
Nocera is active in the synthesis, electrochemistry, and spectroscopy of inorganic and organometallic compounds and materials. Themes include

</doc>
<doc id="18687970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687970" title="MSPCA-Angell">
MSPCA-Angell

The Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals-Angell Animal Medical Center (MSPCA-Angell) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization with its main headquarters on South Huntington Avenue in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts. It was founded in 1868 and is the second-oldest humane society in the United States. "MSPCA-Angell" was adopted as the society's identity in 2003 and indicates the names of its two closely related predecessor organizations: Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and Angell Animal Medical Center (formerly known as Angell Memorial Animal Hospital). The organization provides direct care to thousands of homeless, injured, and abused animals each year, and provides animal adoption, a veterinary hospital, advocacy, and humane law enforcement.
History.
In 1868, after reading about two horses being raced to death by carrying two riders each over forty miles of rough roads, George Thorndike Angell, a Boston Brahmin lawyer, began a high-profile protest of animal cruelty. He joined with Emily Appleton, a Boston socialite and animal lover who provided financial support and they, along with 1,200 others, formed the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (MSPCA). Among distinguished locals on the first board of directors were John Quincy Adams II, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry Saltonstall, and William Gordon Weld.
Also in 1868, they began publication of "Our Dumb Animals", a magazine "to speak for those who cannot speak for themselves". ("Dumb" refers to the fact that animals cannot speak.) The Boston Police Department helped distribute their first press run of publishes 200,000 copies. Influenced by the activities of this organization, the Massachusetts General Court passed the first anti-animal cruelty act in Massachusetts the following year.
In 1886, the society's first official headquarters were dedicated at 19 Milk Street in Downtown Crossing. The first MSPCA branch was established in Springfield, Massachusetts in 1914. The following year, a veterinary clinic known as the Angell Memorial Animal Hospital was established on Boston's Longwood Avenue. In 1917, the MSPCA established a permanent animal shelter at Nevins Farm in Methuen, Massachusetts to care for retired police horses and other working animals. It is still the only open-door horse and farm animal rescue center in New England. Shelter for small animals was added to the Methuen facility in 1924.
In 1927, the society formed the American Fondouk Maintenance Committee in Fez, Morocco and opened a center there two years later. In 1929, an animal hospital joined the MSCPA's Springfield location. In 1935, the Cape Cod Animal Shelter, now part of MSPCA-Angell, was opened in Centerville, Massachusetts. The following year, an MSPCA animal shelter opened in Pittsfield, Massachusetts. The Angell Memorial Animal Hospital launched the first veterinary intern training program in 1940. The MSPCA assumed control of the Foote Memorial Animal Shelter on Martha's Vineyard in 1945 and in 1950 the MSPCA opened an animal shelter on Nantucket which evolved into Carlee Memorial Animal Hospital (now Angell-Nantucket). That same year, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA) in Great Britain joined with the MSPCA to create the International Society for the Protection of Animals (now the World Society for the Protection of Animals). In 1959, MSPCA President Dr. Eric Hansen was elected first president of the ISPA.
Angell Memorial Animal Hospital built a veterinary intensive care unit in 1959 that was the first of its kind. In 1962, the MSPCA and ISPA begin work to improve inhumane slaughterhouses in Latin America. In 1964, the MSPCA launched "Operation Gwamba" in Surinam which saved 9,737 animals from hydroelectric dam flooding and was the largest such project in history. Over the next few years the MSPCA added full-service veterinary medicine to its facilities on Cape Cod and the Islands.
The MSCPA and Angell Memorial Animal Hospital moved into a shared facility at 350 South Huntington Avenue in 1976, which was the most extensive animal service center ever created by a humane society. An adoption center was established at this location as well.
The MSPCA assisted law enforcement officers in animal rescue after eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1979. Conditions at Boston's Franklin Park Zoo were improved through the direct involvement of the MSPCA starting in 1982. The MSPCA formed the Center for Laboratory Animal Welfare (CLAW) in 1992 and in the following year established the Animal Disaster Relief Fund to aid in animal protection and rescue globally.
In 1994, a new MSPCA facility was opened in Brockton, Massachusetts and Nevins Farm in Methuen launched the Equine Ambulance Program to offer emergency rescue and transport of disabled horses in New England and ambulance services events involving horses worldwide. In 1994, the society established Phinney's Friends, the first program run by a humane society to assist people with HIV/AIDS and their pets. The Shalit-Glazer Clinic was formed in 1996 to provide spay-neuter surgery for pets of low-income families.
In 1997, Angell established the Cancer Care Center to provide on-site radiation therapy for animals. The same year, the MSPCA Archives Library was dedicated.
Services.
As of 2012, the MSPCA-Angell operates three Animal Care and Adoption Centers: Boston, Nevins Farm and Equine Center (Methuen), and Cape Cod. It also operates Angell Animal Medical Center in Boston. Together these facilities employ nearly 80 full-time veterinarians including board-certified specialists in fields such as cancer care, cardiology, neurology, diagnostic imaging, pathology, orthopedic surgery, dentistry, ophthalmology, nutrition, and preventative medicine.
Angell Animal Medical Center has Magnetic resonance imaging equipment specially designed for imaging animals, which is the first in New England and the second available in the United States. This equipment was part of a $28 million building campaign to improve the Boston facility after a 2002 fire closed it for two months. The refurbished Boston facility also includes the Helen Schmidt Stanton Clinical Care Center and the Copeland Animal Care and Adoption Center.
The MSPCA has a Law Enforcement Department and organizes the annual Walk for Animals on Boston Common. The Angell Animal Poison Control hotline (1-877-2ANGELL) is a 24-hour service available to pet owners and veterinarians to speak to experts in veterinary toxicology.
Statements of belief.
MSPCA-Angell takes a strong stand on a number of animal-related issues and is influential in creating animal-related legislation in Massachusetts. Among the areas in which MSPCA-Angell takes a position are:
Other areas in which MSPCA-Angell has a position are genetic engineering and animal patenting, the training of guard dogs to increase their aggression, hunting for sport or as a tool for wildlife management, the capture of wild animals as pets and attempts at their domestication, the commercialization of animal breed by pet shops, and the use of animals in rodeos. The MSPCA-Angell also takes a relatively negative view of zoological parks and aquaria which includes creating a list of "rigid criteria, without which there is insufficient justification for their existence" 
In 2007, the MSPCA-Angell led a successful campaign for the Boston City Council to create a city ordinance prohibiting pet rental agencies from operating in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="18687987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687987" title="Taman Taynton">
Taman Taynton

Taman Taynton is a township in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="18687996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18687996" title="Ayşegül Aldinç">
Ayşegül Aldinç

Ayşegül Aldinç () (born 28. September 1957 in Istanbul) is a Turkish singer and actress. Her father was the well-known journalist and sports commentator Orhan Aldinç. Aldinç first became known for performing with the Modern Folk Trio at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981 in Dublin. Their song, Dönme dolap ("The carousel"), received eighteenth place. In 1988, she started her career in Turkish pop music, and has since released five solo albums. She has also acted in many theatrical productions (her debut being in the 1987 movie "Katırcılar"), and also in many Turkish miniseries and soap operas (three for TRT, three for ATV Turkey, two for Star TV, and one for Kanal D). In Turkey, she is equally recognized for her singing and acting roles.

</doc>
<doc id="18688009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688009" title="Get Carter (disambiguation)">
Get Carter (disambiguation)

Get Carter is a 1971 British film starring Michael Caine.
Get Carter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18688017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688017" title="Kitutu Chache Constituency">
Kitutu Chache Constituency

Kitutu Chache is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of four constituencies in Kisii District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.
Former foreign minister Zachary Onyonka was a Kitutu Chache MP. Earlier, he had represented the Kitutu West Constituency that was split before the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18688036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688036" title="Philip Ford">
Philip Ford

Philip Ford or Phil Ford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18688053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688053" title="Wingless Electromagnetic Air Vehicle">
Wingless Electromagnetic Air Vehicle

The Wingless Electromagnetic Air Vehicle (WEAV) is a heavier than air flight system in development for NASA at the University of Florida. The WEAV has been a subject of several patents. The aircraft uses electrodes on its undercarriage in order to ionize air, and it then propels the resultant plasma using electromagnets. The high pressure zone created underneath the aircraft is consequently used to create thrust for propulsion and stability.

</doc>
<doc id="18688060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688060" title="SM City Dasmariñas">
SM City Dasmariñas

SM City Dasmariñas or simply SM Dasma/SM Pala-pala is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings. It is the second SM Supermall in the Cavite Province, Philippines. It is located along Governor's Drive, Brgy. Sampaloc 1, Dasmariñas City, Cavite. It has a land area of 12.7 hectares and a total gross floor area of , making it the largest shopping mall in the province surpassing its sister mall, SM City Bacoor and currently holds the title as the 4th largest SM Supermall outside of Metro Manila.
The mall attracts a daily pedestrian count of 400,000 during weekends and 100,000 during weekdays, making it one of the most profitable and successful SM Supermall built and operated by the leading mall developer.
The mall complex is certified Wi-Fi Zone.
History and location.
The mall complex was formerly a dense forest that was under the minister of the municipal government of Dasmariñas. SM Prime Holdings bought the estimated 12.7 hectare property in 2003. SM Prime Holdings hired Jose Siao Ling and Associates to design the mall. It is strategically located along Governor's Drive near the intersection of Aguinaldo Highway fronting its rival mall Robinsons Place Dasmariñas and it is accessible by jeepney or bus. The mall is within the city's growing Central Business District (CBD) where the major transport terminal and several other retail establishments are located. Because of its location, the mall also serves as a stopover for travelers going to Tagaytay City. It is a 5-minute ride by jeepney from the city proper. The mall is located at the heart of the city and it serves as a one-stop shopping destination for the residents of Dasmariñas and other nearby communities like Carmona, General Mariano Alvarez, Silang, General Trias, Trece Martires City and Imus City.
Physical features.
Main Building.
It is a 3-level building with a gross floor area of . The main faćade of the mall has a thorn-like structure, making it a very remarkable place. It was often referred by shoppers as the only SM Supermall that time that is out of the box; pointing out to its curved-edge design on its original side entrances, a feature that that older SM Supermalls doesn't have. An open-air parking area is located at the back, sides, and front of the Mall. It also features the original SM brands like SM Department Store, SM Supermarket, SM Appliance Center, SM Foodcourt, SM Cinemas and other SM tenants.
Annex Building.
The new five-level annex was constructed beside the existing building which was formerly the northwest open parking. When the annex was built, the original curved-edge entrance on the northwest wing was demolished. The annex has a total floor area of and features some high-end shops and dining establishments. The entire 3rd level is devoted entirely for Cyberzone. The 4th and 5th levels are for BPO offices. The annex was opened on December 12, 2011. 
Carpark Building.
Due to limited space for parking purposes, a 7-level carpark building is was constructed. It is located at the back of the existing buildings. It is directly connected to the main and annex building by a newly constructed entrances. It houses several shops and the additional two (2) cinemas. The carpark building opened on June 1, 2013. The Elevator of Carpark is connected at the Ground near Jollibee LG and SM Appliances.
Expansion and renovation.
The primary feature of SM City Dasmariñas’ expansion and renovation is the five-level new structure that has risen at the northwest end of the existing mall. It has a gross floor area of that offers not only three levels of retail spaces, but also two levels of space for BPO offices. The new annex was opened on December 12, 2011.
Apart from the newly opened Annex, the Foodcourt at the lower ground floor in the main building was renovated. The cinemas were also upgraded, from lighting fixtures to new furnitures that was installed and an additional two (2) cinemas constructed making the total cinema screens to six (6). Additional parking spaces are up for completion at the northwest wing and southeast wing of the mall complex. Completing the expansion of Cavite's premiere mall is the 7-level carpark building that has risen at the back portion of the existing buildings. Besides the 7-level carpark building, additional stores and restaurants were added into the Lower and Upper Ground Floors of the carpark building.
The Annex.
The Annex was opened last December 12, 2011, a 5-storey building that boasts of over 36,486 square meters of floor space. It has the biggest Gross Leasable Area and the first ever mall expansion project in the South Luzon Region.
The Annex features a generous entrance plaza: high curtain glass has been installed to enable to see the mall's activity inside. A fan-like machine had been installed at the ceiling, giving out a more spaceous and cool feeling inside the building. Furthermore, it features more than 100 shops.
The Annex is divided into five floors. The first 2 upper floors are devoted for BPO offices. New York-based business process outsourcing iQor occupied the entire 4th and 5th floors. The entire 3rd floor of the annex building (2nd Floor) is the Cyberzone area where you can find the latest gadgets and other stuff intended for technology purposes. The 2nd and 1st floors of the annex building (Upper Ground Floor and Lower Ground Floor) houses a wide range of more upscale retail shops and several restaurants that will truly satisfy your shopping and dining experience.
Incident.
On September 6, 2010, two security guards and one saleslady were injured as 5 armed men robbed the mall's Banco de Oro branch and in Music Instruments Shop . After the incident, the mall closed. The bank resumed its normal operation by the other day.

</doc>
<doc id="18688073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688073" title="Rhysh Roshan Rai">
Rhysh Roshan Rai

Rhysh Roshan Rai is a midfielder for Home United FC.
Roshan’s amateur football experience began at the age of 11 when his father encouraged him to attend trials MILO National Soccer School was hosting. This school was established in 1974 as a means of grooming teenage sporting talent through its youth development programs. Impressed by his potential, the scout at the trial proceeded to select the left footer to represent the ‘West’ zone.
Roshan played for this division for 2 years before advancing to Clementi Khalsa FC (Under-14). He was also concurrently playing for his school’s (Anglo-Chinese School – Barker) soccer team. Unbeknownst to this young flair, a scout was present at one of these games and approached his school’s coach. A chance to play for Home United stemmed out of this fortuity. Roshan nabbed this opportunity and represented Home United for the next 3–4 years. National service soon beckoned and he took a much required half-time from football.
In 2007, while pursuing his 2-year degree in Mass Communication, he played professionally for Balestier Khalsa FC.
In 2010, he joined Singapore Armed Forces. He played for the club in the 2010 AFC Champions League group stage.

</doc>
<doc id="18688084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688084" title="Lyne by-election, 1952">
Lyne by-election, 1952

The 1952 by-election for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Lyne was called on 22 March after the death of the incumbent Country Party of Australia member Jim Eggins who died in office on 28 January.
Candidates.
Contesting the seat for the Country Party were Donald Lancaster and Philip Lucock, who had stood as one of multiple Country Party candidates for the seat at the 1949 election.
Their main opponent was Edward Hayes of the Australian Labor Party. He had been the Labor party candidate at several previous polls.
Two independents, Edward Spensley and Joe Cordner, also stood for the seat.
Results.
The presence of two Country Party candidates split the vote and Hayes took three thousand votes more than either Lucock or Lancaster, but with preferences from Lancaster, Lucock easily won the seat.
Aftermath.
When Philip Lucock was sworn in as the member for Lyne on 22 March 1952, he became the first member of the House of Representatives to swear allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II who had ascended to the throne on 6 February.
At the following Federal election in 1954 Lancaster stood as an independent candidate against his former Country Party colleague.

</doc>
<doc id="18688105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688105" title="Alton Heights Junction railway station">
Alton Heights Junction railway station

Alton Heights Junction railway station was a short-lived station located south of Lesmahagow in the Scottish county of South Lanarkshire.
History.
Opened by the Caledonian Railway, the station was not advertised in the public timetables and was intended solely for the use of workmen, probably those employed by the company in the sidings constructed south-east of the junction at the end of the 19th century. These sidings were used for marshalling and weighing wagons of coal from the several collieries in the Douglas and Coalburn areas. The Caledonian Railway became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. This company then closed the station after roads were improved and more convenient local bus services became available. However, the junction signal box and the lines past it continued to operate until dates in the 1950s and 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="18688113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688113" title="Ayşegül">
Ayşegül

Ayşegül is a Turkish given name for females. The name is derived from "Ayşe," the Turkish form for the Arabic name Aisha, meaning "she who lives," plus "Gül," a Turkish word meaning "rose."
Notable women named Ayşegül include:

</doc>
<doc id="18688123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688123" title="Patrice Quarteron">
Patrice Quarteron

Patrice "The Dark Ronin" Quarteron (born March 20, 1979) is a French super heavyweight kickboxer, fighting out of Évry, Essonne. He is two time French and European Muay Thai champion and current IKF Muay Thai Super Heavyweight World champion.
Biography and career.
He faced Frédéric Sinistra for the second time on November 17, 2012 in Liege, Belgium and the pair fought to a draw.
He beat Andrei Gerasimchuk and Dmitry Bezus to win the four man heavyweight tournament at the "Thai Fight 2012 67kg & 70kg Tournament Finals" in Bangkok, Thailand on December 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18688134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688134" title="Ozai (disambiguation)">
Ozai (disambiguation)

Ozai may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18688171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688171" title="List of mutagens in fiction">
List of mutagens in fiction

Mutagens, agents that change the genetic material of an organism and increase the frequency of mutations above the natural background level, are a popular plot device in science fiction and video games, although they are often not accurately represented. This is a list of creative works where a mutagen is featured. Where a work is represented in more than one genre, it is listed in the genre where it first appeared.

</doc>
<doc id="18688178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688178" title="1917 VFL Grand Final">
1917 VFL Grand Final

The 1917 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Collingwood Football Club and Fitzroy Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne on 22 September 1917. It was the 20th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1917 VFL season. The match, attended by 25,512 spectators, was won by Collingwood by a margin of 35 points, marking that club's fourth premiership victory.
War had restricted the competition to just six clubs during the home and away season and Fitzroy, despite winning just six of their 15 games, qualified for the final by finishing fourth. 
Fitzroy made it into the Grand Final by defeating minor premiers Collingwood by a goal a week earlier but Collingwood this time won comfortably, dominating from the opening quarter.
Alec Mutch of Collingwood was playing his 100th VFL game.

</doc>
<doc id="18688186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688186" title="Sheila Hutchins">
Sheila Hutchins

Sheila Hutchins, an English writer, was born in Cheshire. She was Cookery Editor of the Daily Express and published many books, notably "English Recipes" (Methuen, 1967) and "Grannie's Kitchen", a series of books covering the regional cookery of England. Her light, anecdotal, witty style was accompanied by a deep knowledge of her subject.

</doc>
<doc id="18688194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688194" title="Figgjo (company)">
Figgjo (company)

Figgjo AS is a Norwegian porcelain manufacturing company, founded in 1941. It is based at Figgjo in the municipality of Sandnes, Norway.
The company took its current form in 1968 following the merger of Stavangerflint AS with Figgjo Fajanse AS.
The company has a factory, museum and factory outlet at Figgjo. It specializes in vitrified china for the domestic and professional catering markets.
The underglaze backstamps FF, Figgjo Fajanse and Figgjo Flint are found on the company's products.

</doc>
<doc id="18688205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688205" title="St Bridget's Kirk">
St Bridget's Kirk

St. Bridget's Kirk is a former church in the outskirts of Dalgety Bay, Fife, Scotland. It is a shell of a medieval church, dating back at least as far as 1178, and was altered in the 17th century for Protestant worship. It is now in ruins.
History.
The church was part of the old village of Dalgety, and the ruins are the only surviving feature of it. It was in existence by at least 11 March 1178 when Pope Alexander III issued a papal bull, calling for the founding of the "Church at Dalgetty with its appurtenances". The church was later appropriated by the nearby Inchcolm Abbey, and in 1244 it was consecrated by David de Bernham, Bishop of St. Andrews.
In 1641, the Rev. Andrew Donaldson became minister at St Bridget's, and oversaw the building of a school. He opposed the imposition of the Episcopalianism of Charles I, and was deposed from the parish for his Presbyterianism. He refused to leave and had to be forcibly removed from the church by soldiers despatched by Archbishop James Sharp. Donaldson was subsequently imprisoned, but due to the shifting political situation, was eventually allowed to return to the parish and resume his duties.
St Bridget's was substantially altered in the seventeenth century, but by the early nineteenth century, had become unsafe. The roof was lost in 1830, and a new church was built half a mile inland.
The Church Today.
The ruins are maintained by Historic Scotland. The loft can still be accessed, and the church's piscina survives in good condition. Several gravestones remain in the old churchyard, and a 'keep' is built into the churchyard wall, providing a place from which the church beadles could guard against body-snatchers. The west end of the church contains a burial vault built for the Earls of Dunfermline. Alexander Seton, 1st Earl of Dunfermline was buried in the church. An open air service is held at the church every year in June.

</doc>
<doc id="18688222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688222" title="Amrita School of Engineering">
Amrita School of Engineering

Amrita School of Engineering (ASE) is an engineering institution, part of Amrita University located in Ettimadai, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. It is located on a campus at the foot hills of the Western Ghats. ASE is approved by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and is accredited by the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) constituted by AICTE, Government of India. ASE provides UG programmes in seven branches and PG programmes including MCA, and M.Tech in eight core areas.
The beginnings of Amrita University can be traced to 1994 when a School of Engineering was started in an obscure village named Ettimadai, at the foothills of Bouluvanpatty ranges of the Western Ghats in the Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu. At that time there were 120 students and 13 faculty members. Today, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham has five campuses in three different states of India. There is a student population of over 12,000 and faculty strength of nearly 1500. Over 120 UG, PG and doctoral programs are offered.
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham University is accredited with the highest grade of 'A' by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council. A review report of the Ministry of Human Resources Development listed Amrita in the top category of all Indian universities.
In a survey of nearly 1500 AICTE-approved engineering colleges in India, Outlook (magazine) ranked the Amrita School of Engineering as 21st among private engineering colleges. Considering placements alone, the School received the 11th rank.
When Amrita became a university in January 2003, it was the youngest group of institutions to be conferred this status. As Amrita's first campus, Coimbatore is home to the administrative headquarters of Amrita University.
Schools of Engineering and Business in addition to Departments of Social Work and Communication are located on this campus. Research centers include AMBE, CEN, CES and Cybersecurity. The campus has nearly 3500 students and about 600 faculty and staff members.
A lot of emphasis is placed on eco-friendly and conservation practices. Waste water from the hostels and faculty and staff quarters is treated using EM; no chemicals are used in the process. Organic fertilizers are made using vermi-compost, pesticides have been avoided since the very beginning. The tranquil surroundings, away from the pollution and the bustle of city life, are home to several exotic birds, including parrots and peacocks.
The college follows a CGPA method of grading on a scale of 10. The yearly tech fest of the college is called Anokha and the cultural fest is called Amritotsavam. Gokulashtami festival is celebrated on a grand scale.

</doc>
<doc id="18688223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688223" title="Santa Juana, Chile">
Santa Juana, Chile

Santa Juana is a city and commune of the Concepción Province in the Bío Bío Region of Chile. It lies south and west of the Biobío River in the valley of Catirai and is 48 kilometers from Concepcion, Chile.
History.
The Mapuche originally named the valley where Santa Juana is now located the "Valley of Catirai", and the inhabitants "Catirayen". This town originated with a fort and town in established March 1626 by Governor Luis Fernandez de Cordova with title of "Santa Juana de Guadalcázar", in memory of the name of wife of the viceroy of Peru Diego Fernández de Córdoba, Marquis of Guadalcázar. Evacuated in 1641, it was repaired and expanded in 1648 by the governor Martín de Mujica y Buitrón. It was destroyed by the Mapuches in 1722, but restored two years later. 
In 1739 the Governor José Antonio Manso de Velasco made important adjustments, improving and properly supplying the fortress and constructing between the river and the small Laguna de Rayenantú behind it, deep ditches, that turned the enclosure into an island, and increasing its population to serve as its garrison for the defense of the region and the wooded valleys of the southern mountainous area. Governor Antonio de Guill y Gonzaga obtained the title of "Villa" for the town in 1765, but the wars with the Indians did not allow it to make any progress even though it constituted the refuge of the extinguished towns of Coya, Monterey and San Jerónimo. It was also one of the towns that was burned in 1821 at the order of Vicente Benavides the rebellious royalist guerrilla. It was later ruined in the earthquake of February 20, 1835. As a result of this last disaster the town was six years later moved to its present more suitable location. 
Santa Juana was head of the Department of Lautaro between 1841 and 1865. On May 30, 1865, Coronel became the new capital of the department. With the Law of Independent Communes, December 22, 1891, the Decree of Creation of Municipalities was promulgated, with which created the Municipality of Santa Juana, in which Santa Juana administers Santa Juana, Santo Domingo and San Jerónimo, whose boundaries were determined by the decrees of November 13, 1885, March 29 and December 1, 1886.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Santa Juana spans an area of and has 12,713 inhabitants (6,357 men and 6,356 women). Of these, 7,095 (55.8%) lived in urban areas and 5,618 (44.2%) in rural areas. The population grew by 6.3% (756 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, Santa Juana is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Angel Castro Medina (PDC).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Santa Juana is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Sergio Bobadilla (UDI) and Clemira Pacheco (PS) as part of the 45th electoral district, (together with Tomé, Penco, Florida, Hualqui, Coronel). The commune is represented in the Senate by Alejandro Navarro Brain (MAS) and Hosain Sabag Castillo (PDC) as part of the 12th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Cordillera).

</doc>
<doc id="18688227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688227" title="Thomas Brewster">
Thomas Brewster

Thomas Brewster may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18688231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688231" title="Marco Formentini (swimmer)">
Marco Formentini (swimmer)

Marco Formentini (born July 3, 1970 in Lavagna, Genova) is a male freestyle swimmer from Italy. He also competes in the open water swimming, winning a silver and a bronze medal at the World Aquatics Championships.
Formentini competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, finishing in 18th place in the men's 1500 m freestyle event. He was affiliated with Gruppo Sportivo Carabinieri and Rari Nantes Savona in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="18688233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688233" title="River Cladagh (Swanlinbar)">
River Cladagh (Swanlinbar)

The Cladagh River ( or "washing river") or Swanlinbar River is a moderately large river which forms from a number of small streams rising on the south-eastern slopes of Cuilcagh Mountain, County Cavan and flows through the village of Swanlinbar, before crossing the border into County Fermanagh and eventually flowing into Upper Lough Erne. It is ultra-oligotrophic upstream before gradually becoming oligotrophic and oligo-mesotrophic through its middle and lower reaches.
The river is a designated Special Area of Conservation, containing one of the largest surviving populations in Northern Ireland of the freshwater pearl mussel. The mussels, estimated to be a minimum of 10,000 in number, are confined to a stretch of undisturbed river in the middle section.

</doc>
<doc id="18688253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688253" title="Royal Württemberg State Railways">
Royal Württemberg State Railways

The Royal Württemberg State Railways ("Königlich Württembergischen Staats-Eisenbahnen" or "K.W.St.E.") were the state railways of the Kingdom of Württemberg (from 1918 the "People's State of Württemberg") between 1843 and 1920. Please see also the main article History of the railway in Württemberg.
Early history.
As in many other states of the German Empire, there was increasing debate about how to improve transport communications across the country from about 1825. Private interest groups were formed and, from 1834, the state also worked on the question, giving experts the task of finding suitable solutions. After years of preparatory work, it was decided to set up a railway network, the main lines of which would be built by the state.
The Railway Bill of 18 April 1843, established the legal foundation for the construction of the railway network; this date is seen as the birthday for the K.W.St.E.. The law expressly envisaged that the construction of branch routes by private companies should also be possible. This law was at the same time the impetus for the foundation of the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ('Esslingen Engineering Works'), that played a decisive role in railway construction and railway technology in Württemberg.
Overview of the development of the state railway routes.
Main lines.
In the Kingdom of Württemberg the state railway started with the so-called Württemberg main lines. They ran from Stuttgart, along the River Neckar, on one side via Ulm to Friedrichshafen on Lake Constance, on the other side via Bretten to Bruchsal in the Grand Duchy of Baden. From Bietigheim the Lower Neckar Railway (North Railway or "Nordbahn") branched off toward Heilbronn.
Expansion of the main lines.
After a pause of several years, work began on the Upper Neckar Railway that ran from Plochingen and reached Reutlingen in 1859, the bishop's town of Rottenburg am Neckar via Tübingen in 1861 and Eyach and the junction of Horb am Neckar in 1864/66.
In eastern Württemberg the Rems line was built in 1861, running from Cannstatt via Schorndorf–Aalen to Wasseralfingen and in 1863 the junction at Nördlingen to the Bavarian railway network was achieved.
In 1862, the Kocher Valley line was established. This ran through Heilbronn from "Hohenloh Land" and on to Schwäbisch Hall. In 1867 it reached Crailsheim where trains on the Upper Jagst line from Aalen called and, in 1869, the connection was made with the Tauber Valley Railway to Mergentheim.
The Brenz line, which was opened in 1864 to Heidenheim an der Brenz, had the potential to provide a link through the "Ostalb" from Aalen to Ulm, but did not achieve this aim until 1875/76. The spa town of Wildbad in the Black Forest was linked in 1868 to the Enz Valley Railway at the junction of Pforzheim in Baden.
From Heilbronn the Lower Neckar line was extended in 1866 to Jagstfeld and from there 3 years later the line was extended as the "Lower Jagst Valley Railway" to Osterburken; in both stations further links to the Baden state railways were made.
From Horb, the Upper Neckar line reached Rottweil in 1867/68, and from there in 1869, the Baden town of Villingen in the Black Forest. In the same year the first trains ran on the Upper Danube line from Rottweil to Tuttlingen, from where in 1870 the connexion to Immendingen on the Black Forest line was built.
The Danube Valley line was built in 1868 from Ulm in the direction of Blaubeuren-Riedlingen, but only reached Sigmaringen in 1873. It was another six years before the Zollernalb line finished the connexion from Tübingen, that had linked Hechingen in 1869 and Balingen in 1874.
The Black Forest line branched off in 1868/69 in Zuffenhausen to Weil der Stadt and got as far as the towns of Calw and Nagold in 1872. In 1874 the Nagold Valley Railway was completed, running through from Pforzheim via Calw-Nagold to Horb.
In Herbertingen the Allgäu line branched in 1869 via Saulgau–Aulendorf to Waldsee. There it went in 1870 as far as Kisslegg and in 1872 to Leutkirch im Allgäu; in 1874 Isny received its own railway station.
Finally the state railway expanded its network by building the following routes:
A detailed article in German on the development of the network is at History of the Railway in Württemberg
Rolling stock.
Until about 1865, the K.W.St.E.'s railway technology was based, not on an English prototype like the majority of German states, but on the United States. As far as rolling stock was concerned, this meant, for example, that locomotives as well as coaches used bogies. This more advanced route was temporarily given up under strong influences, predominantly from Prussia.
Responsible for the procurement and conversion of locomotives from 1885–1896, amongst others, was chief engineer Adolf Klose. Under his leadership compound locomotives and rack railway engines were procured for the first time. He also built a type of running gear to improve the curve running of locomotives.
He was followed by Eugen Kittel. He introduced superheating into Württemberg. Under his direction were, inter alia, "Kittel" steam railbuses, Württemberg C express train locomotives and Württemberg K class goods engines brought into service. He also tested petrol and accumulator cars.
In 1913 the statistics showed the following:
After defeat in the First World War, the 1919 Reich Constitution ended the independence of the Württemberg railways. By means of a state agreement between the German Empire and the states, the Württemberg State Railways (the "Royal" title had been dropped after the abdication of King Wilhelm II on 30 November 1918) transferred into Reich ownership on 1 April 1920, and, together with the other former state railways of Bavaria, Prussia, Saxony, Baden, Mecklenburg and Oldenburg, formed the basis of the Deutsche Reichsbahn founded on 1 April 1920.
In popular culture.
German landscape painter Hermann Pleuer achieved fame through his impressionistic paintings of the trains and stations belonging to the K.W.St.E.
In everyday speech the German abbreviation for the Royal Württemberg State Railways, "K.W.St.E.", was jokingly said in the Swabian dialect to stand for „"Komm Weible, Steig Ei"“ or "Come on woman, climb aboard". Their Baden neighbours had a rather less kind interpretation: „"Kein Württemberger Stirbt Ehrlich"“ or "No Württemberger dies an honest man!"
The comic song "Auf der schwäb'sche Eisebahne" (On the Swabian railways) has been sung by many artists, and versions can be seen on YouTube. It contrasts the rural and frugal country folk travelling on the modern reality of railways.

</doc>
<doc id="18688277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688277" title="Alt.binaries.boneless">
Alt.binaries.boneless

alt.binaries.boneless is a Usenet discussion forum primarily used to transfer binary data content, rather than being used for textual communications.
It has the unusual distinction of currently being one of the largest and most active binary newsgroups on all of Usenet, typically receiving tens of gigabytes of new data and over a million new postings each day, yet almost nothing is known of its origins or why it is so popular.
Typically, newsgroup names are functional in that the name is meant to serve as a guideline as to what type of content can be found in the newsgroup. However, "boneless" is completely irrelevant, and this appears to hold true as a description of the content, which can include fully ripped DVDs, entirely ripped CDs or individual music files, images and image sets, as well as software and documents of every content type imaginable.
The group's content is likely to be accessed predominantly using NZB files obtained from forums or Usenet indexing services, as downloading group headers would be a highly inefficient process due to the sheer volume of posts made to the group.
On March 31, 2009, NewsBin sent out an alert to its users that the alt.binaries.boneless post count is the first to break the 32-bit threshold, having over 4,294,967,296 posts. Until then, all newsgroups' post totals could be stored as a 32-bit number. This occurrence might cause compatibility issues with binary news readers that cannot address post counts stored as a 64-bit number.

</doc>
<doc id="18688285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688285" title="Camillo Camilli">
Camillo Camilli

Camillo Camilli (c. 1704 – 1754) was a noted master luthier in the 18th century. His instruments are prized by string players to this day. Most were made in Mantua. He was a pupil of Zanotti but was mainly influenced by Pietro Guarneri of Mantova, the grandfather of Mantovan violin making. We notice Guarneri's influence in Camilli's, work particularly in the outline, the purfling, and the way Camillo cuts the notches of the f-hole.

</doc>
<doc id="18688287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688287" title="Central School of Art and Design">
Central School of Art and Design

The Central School of Art and Design was a public school of fine and applied arts in London, England. It offered foundation and degree level courses. It was established in 1896 by the London County Council as the Central School of Arts and Crafts. Central became part of the London Institute in 1986, and in 1989 merged with Saint Martin's School of Art to form Central Saint Martins College of Arts and Design.
History.
The Central School of Arts and Crafts was established in 1896 by the London County Council. It grew directly from the Arts and Crafts movement of William Morris and John Ruskin. The first principal – from 1896 to 1900 as co-principal with George Frampton – was the architect William Richard Lethaby, from 1896 until 1912; a blue plaque in his memory was erected in 1957. He was succeeded in 1912 by Fred Burridge.
The school was at first housed in Morley Hall, rented from the Regent Street Polytechnic. In 1908 it moved to purpose-built premises in Southampton Row, in the London Borough of Camden. In the same year the Royal Female School of Art, established in 1842, was merged into the school.
The Central School of Arts and Crafts was renamed the Central School of Art and Design on 1 May 1966.
Alumni.
The alumni of the Central School of Art and Design include:

</doc>
<doc id="18688299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688299" title="Jan Arnošt Smoler">
Jan Arnošt Smoler

Jan Arnošt Smoler (, born in Merzdorf (a former village in Boxberg, Saxony) on March 3, 1816; died in Bautzen on June 13, 1884) was a Sorbian philologist and writer. He played a vital role in revitalizing the Sorbian languages in the 19th century. He also supported a form of Pan-Slavism.

</doc>
<doc id="18688303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688303" title="Valadares &amp; a Cidade em Foco">
Valadares &amp; a Cidade em Foco

Valadares & a Cidade em Foco ("Valadares and the city highlighted" in English), misspelled "Valadares e a Cidade em Foco", is a regional monthly newspaper which covers the area of Valadares and other parishes of Gaia, on the coast of Portugal. The newspaper was founded in 1998 and costs € 0.75.
Most of the articles are local stories about Valadares and Gaia, and there are some general news and opinion texts on different subjects such as religion, sport, the economy, and politics.

</doc>
<doc id="18688313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688313" title="Task Force K-Bar">
Task Force K-Bar

Led by the United States and composed of special operations forces from eight nations, Task Force K-Bar (originally Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force - South (CJSOTF-SOUTH)) was the first major ground deployment in the , operating from October 2001 to April 2002.
Originally operating out of Oman's Masirah Air Base before deploying themselves directly in southeastern Afghanistan, K-Bar was under the command of then-Captain Robert Harward, a US Navy SEAL. Harward was full of praise for the troops under his command, and later stated that the Canadian Joint Task Force 2 team was his first choice for any direct action mission.
In total, K-Bar ran 42 reconnaissance and surveillance missions, and an unreported number of combat missions that resulted in the capture of 107 Afghans and the deaths of at least 115.
In 2004, the units participating in Task Force K-Bar were each awarded the Presidential Unit Citation by George W. Bush for their service in Afghanistan. The Task Force was composed of U.S. Navy SEALs, Special warfare combatant-craft crewmen, U.S. Army Special Forces, U.S. Air Force Combat Controllers, and coalition special operations forces from Canada, Norway, Denmark, Germany, Australia, New Zealand and Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="18688314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688314" title="Geraci">
Geraci

Geraci may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18688329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688329" title="Cherubs!">
Cherubs!

Cherubs! Paradise Lost is a graphic novel by Bryan Talbot who wrote the script and provided the layouts, with the finished art by Mark Stafford. It was published by Desperado Publishing in November 2007
Talbot describes it as "an irreverent fast-paced supernatural comedy-adventure."
Plot.
On the trail of the murdering archangel Abaddon, the Cherubs get stuck in the mind-numbing mediocrity of Limbo - but not for long. They escape and make it to New York where, looking for signs and portents, they foil a mugging and are befriended by Mary, a sexy 'exotic dancer'. But she has a problem: her boss is Frankie Dracula and his vampire minions are out to kill her!

</doc>
<doc id="18688337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688337" title="Akaba, Togo">
Akaba, Togo

Akaba is a small town in central Togo.
Transport.
It is served by a station on the Togo Railway network.

</doc>
<doc id="18688344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688344" title="Andrey Semenyuk">
Andrey Semenyuk

Andrey Semenyuk (; born March 10, 1971) is a retired diver from Belarus, who won the gold medal in the Men's 1m Springboard event at the 1991 European Championships in Athens, Greece. He represented Belarus at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18688363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688363" title="Linalyl acetate">
Linalyl acetate

Linalyl acetate is a naturally occurring phytochemical found in many flowers and spice plants. It is one of the principal components of the essential oils of bergamot and lavender. Chemically, it is the acetate ester of linalool, and the two often occur in conjunction.
Synthetic linalyl acetate is sometimes used as an adulterant in essential oils to make them more marketable. For example, it may be added to lavandin oil which is then sold as more desirable lavender oil.
The chemical tastes similar to how it smells with a pleasant fruity odor reminiscent of bergamot mint oil. It is found in Mentha citrata and is mildly toxic to humans, toxic to fish, and extremely toxic to daphnia. Linalyl acetate is also combustible.

</doc>
<doc id="18688367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688367" title="Giovanni Raboni">
Giovanni Raboni

Giovanni Raboni (22 January 1932 – 16 September 2004) was an Italian poet, translator and literary critic.
Biography.
Raboni was born in Milan, the second son of Giuseppe, a clerk at Milan commune, and Matilde Sommariva. In October 1942, after the first bombings of Milan, the family moved to Sant'Ambrogio Olona, near Varese, where Raboni concluded his primary and intermediate school. His father's love for French and Russian classics made him read and appreciate Proust, Dickens, Dostoevskij and when his cousin Giandomenico Guarino, knowledgeable about contemporary literature and poetry, found shelter in Sant'Ambrogio too after 8 September 1943 armistice, Raboni met the works by Piovene, Buzzati, Ungaretti, Quasimodo, Cardarelli, and Montale about whom he said: "I know I owe much to Montale, I realise this upon rereading him, even if I did not love him as much as Eliot and Sereni, but he affected me a lot... especially his expression of the limits, of the fact that we cannot demand too much in 20th century of poetry as a source of truth".
Having completed law studies, he was a lawyer for some years, but at the end of the 1950s he felt more attracted to literature and poetry. He met in Milan Vittorio Sereni, Antonio Porta, Giovanni Testori, Giorgio Strehler and began working for periodical and newspapers, at first in the editorial staff of "Aut aut", a magazine edited by Enzo Paci, then writing for Piergiorgio Bellocchio's "Quaderni Piacentini" and Roberto Longhi's "Paragone" and finally for "Corriere della Sera" for which worked several years.
Raboni became was appreciated as both a literary critic and a translator of classic works: he translated in Italian some works by Gustave Flaubert, and by Guillaume Apollinaire, "Les Fleurs du mal" by Charles Baudelaire for Einaudi publishing house, Jean Racine and Proust's "In Search of Lost Time" in Mondadori's "I Meridiani" collection.
In 1961 he published two short poetry collections, "Il catalogo è questo" and "L'insalubrità dell'aria", followed by "Le case della Vetra" in 1966, "Cadenza d'inganno" in 1975, "Nel grave sogno" in 1982 and, in 1988, the anthology "A tanto caro sangue". In 1970s he began editing the poetry series "I quaderni della Fenice" for Guanda publishing house, acting as a kind of talent-scout for new poets. Milan (especially the memory of the old city, before the recent town plannings) is in the heart of his matters:
In June 1971 he was one of the 800 intellectuals who signed, in L'Espresso magazine, a manifesto against Luigi Calabresi, a police officer falsely suspected of having killed the anarchist Giuseppe Pinelli. In October he was among those who signed a "self-denunciation", to express solidarity with some journalists of "Lotta Continua" newspaper, defending their strong anti-government positions.
Among his literary critic essays are "Poesia degli anni sessanta" (Poetry of the 1960s) published in 1968, "Quaderno in prosa" in 1981. "La fossa di Cherubino" (1980) collects his proses.
Raboni was interested in theater too: was in the directorial committee of Piccolo Teatro di Milano and wrote several plays, such as "Alcesti o la recita dell'esilio" and "Rappresentazione della croce" (2000). His activity as a poet went on with "Canzonette mortali" (1987), "Versi guerrieri e amorosi" (1990), "Ogni terzo pensiero" (1993, with which he won the Viareggio Prize for poetry), "Quare tristis" (1998), and "Barlumi di Storia" (2002).
Giovanni Raboni died in Parma on 16 September 2004 after a heart attack.
His wife, poet Patrizia Valduga, wrote the afterword to his last poetry collection "Ultimi versi", published posthumously in 2006; one of his last poems is "Canzone del danno e della beffa" ("Song of the harm and the hoax"), also published posthumous on "Corriere della Sera" in 2004.
Andrea Cortellessa, on an article of "Manifesto" in the days after his death, remembers the poet’s “obsessive mournful compulsion on his last poetic verses”, with these significant lines from "Quare tristis": ""Who dreams himself / alive with his own dead / maybe he doesn’t live also there /in his dream,/ and you must let him lie – not still /wake up, not until // out, in the light, remains that squeaky / burden, that blinding plate…" "
Bibliography.
Poetry
Essays
Prose

</doc>
<doc id="18688440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688440" title="Albin Killat">
Albin Killat

Albin Killat (born January 1, 1961 in Munich, Bayern) is a retired diver from Germany, who is best known for twice winning the gold medal in the men's 3m springboard event at the European Championships (1987 and 1991).
Killat represented West Germany in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984 (Los Angeles, California). He ended his Olympic career in 1992 as a member of the Unified German Team in Barcelona, Spain. He was affiliated with the "Sportverein Münchener Sportclub 100" during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18688451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688451" title="George Boots">
George Boots

John George Boots (1874–1928) was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and county rugby with Monmouthshire. He won 16 caps for Wales.
Boots was seen as a consistent player with a superb positional sense who would tackle hard and smother the loose ball; his passing skill was strong as was his catching and dribbling. Boots was not a flair player but was a good 'spoiler' and could turn defence into attack, giving backs, such as Nicholls and Lloyd, a platform to run in tries. Boots had an exceptionally long rugby career, in spite of being on his death bed in 1908 with acute pleurisy.
Rugby career.
Club career.
Boots rugby career started with club side Pill Harriers the tough Newport Docks club that produced fellow Wales internationals Tommy Vile and George Travers. Boots had one of the longest careers in top-flight Welsh rugby, he joined Newport in 1895 and played his last match for them in 1922. This was his 365th Newport game and at the age of 47 he is the oldest player to have represented the club in an official game.
International career.
Boots made his international debut in a Welsh victory against Ireland on 19 March 1898 . In 16 matches he scored a single try for Wales in a game against Scotland in 1901. One of Boots' finest moments in a Welsh jersey was in the 1903 game against Ireland at the Cardiff Arms Park. In the first half of the game he provided excellent tackling to provide a solid ground for the backs to attack, even though he broke his collar bone during one of the exchanges. Through pain Boots continued tackling during the first half but retired in the interval, but by then the damage was done and Wales dominated Ireland to win 18-0.
"International matches played"

</doc>
<doc id="18688452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688452" title="WSWW">
WSWW

WSWW could refer to two radio stations in United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18688462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688462" title="Tipi da spiaggia">
Tipi da spiaggia

Tipi da spiaggia is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Johnny Dorelli.

</doc>
<doc id="18688488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688488" title="Río de la Miel">
Río de la Miel

The Río de la Miel is a short river in the south of Spain, emptying into the Bay of Gibraltar at Algeciras. It falls over a distance of 350 metres including some waterfalls and working water mills. As the port of Algeciras expanded, docks on the river became marooned inland, and within the town much of the river is now culverted.
The literal translation of the name is the "honey river".

</doc>
<doc id="18688493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688493" title="Bavarian Film Awards (Best Acting)">
Bavarian Film Awards (Best Acting)

This is a list of the winners of the Bavarian Film Awards Prize for Best Actor/Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="18688498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688498" title="Hiro Hachiman-jinja">
Hiro Hachiman-jinja

According to the "Kii-Zoku-Fudoki" (the sequel of ancient records in Kishu: Wakayama), it was originally built during the reign of Emperor Kinmei. In 1585, its treasure house and other buildings were burnt down during the war caused by Toyotomi clan. It went through tough times until Asano Yukinaga took over Kishu in 1600 and made an offer to expand its land and additional property tax (10 koku). Even after the Kishu Tokugawa (the Kii branch of the Tokugawa) started ruling Kishu, it was well protected financially over the years as Asano’s. 
It is dedicated to Shintoist and Buddhist deities and has massha (sub shrine), Tahōtō (pagodas), Kagura-den (sacred dance hall), Shōrō (bellfry) and Kannon-dō (Goddess of Mercy Halls) along with the buildings in the premises today. However, those buildings were ordered removed when the Separation of Shintoism and Buddhism came into effect in the Meiji era.
The current shrine buildings including the "rōmon" (two storied gate) were restored and have regained the splendor of the past.
Hiro Hachiman Jinja is unique because it includes the monument to the village’s hero: Goryo Hamaguchi. He is often called “Hamaguchi Daimyo-jin” by villagers and referred to as “A Living God” by Lafcadio Hearn in his "Gleanings in Buddha Fields" (1897), because of his bravery acts when a big tsunami struck the area in 1854. Its inscription was made by Katsu Kaishu and the calligraphy was written by Iwaya Ichiroku.

</doc>
<doc id="18688502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688502" title="Prepotenti più di prima">
Prepotenti più di prima

Prepotenti più di prima is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Aldo Fabrizi. It is the sequel of "I prepotenti".

</doc>
<doc id="18688517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688517" title="Jakub Heilpern">
Jakub Heilpern

Jakub Heilpern (3 February 1850 – 28 November 1910) was a Polish chess master.
Born into a Jewish family near Warsaw, he was educated in a high school gymnasium in Warsaw, studied in ETH Zurich ("Eidgenössische Polytechnische Schule") in 1870–72 and graduated from Technical University of Munich ("Technische Universität München") in 1874. After the study, he worked in Bavaria, among others in Süddeutsche Brückenbau A.G. In 1879, he returned to Poland, and worked as an engineer at the Warsaw-Vienna Railway.
He tied for 5-6th in the 2nd Warsaw City Chess Championship (Józef Żabiński won). Heilpern won a match against Jean Taubenhaus (5.5 : 3.5) at Warsaw 1887.
Since 1902, he was a chief editor of "Przegląd Techniczny" (Technical Review) in Warsaw. He died in a health resort at Gardone Riviera in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18688546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688546" title="Non perdiamo la testa">
Non perdiamo la testa

Non perdiamo la testa is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18688552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688552" title="Guadalajara International Book Fair">
Guadalajara International Book Fair

The Guadalajara International Book Fair, better known as the FIL (from its Spanish name: Feria Internacional del Libro de Guadalajara) is the most important annual event of its kind in the Spanish-speaking world, and the second largest book fair in the world after Frankfurt's. The purpose of the FIL is to provide an optimal business environment for the book-industry professionals and exhibitors who attend the fair, and for the reading public eager to meet authors and pick up the latest entries in the market.
Created in 1987, the FIL is put on by the University of Guadalajara and is held at the Expo Guadalajara convention center, which has 40,000 m2 of floor space. FIL is held every year, starting on the last Saturday in November and continuing for nine days, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico.
The current managing director of the Guadalajara International Book Fair is Marisol Schulz, and its president is Raúl Padilla López.
Prizes and Honours.
As a way of rewarding and honouring literary publishing, the FIL awards the following annual prizes and honours:
Invited Countries or Cultural Regions.
Since 1993, the FIL has invited a country or region to be the guest of honor, providing each an opportunity to display the best of its cultural and literary heritage. Beginning with that year, the guests of honor have been: Colombia (1993), New Mexico (USA) (1994), Venezuela (1995), Canada (1996), Argentina (1997), Puerto Rico (1998), Chile (1999), Spain (2000), Brazil (2001), Cuba (2002), Quebec (2003), Catalonian culture (2004), Peru (2005), Andalusia (2006), Colombia (2007), Italy (2008), Los Angeles (2009), Castile and León (2010), Germany (2011), Chile (2012), Israel (2013) and Argentina (2014). 

</doc>
<doc id="18688557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688557" title="Dholewal">
Dholewal

Dholewal is a small village in the Fatehgarh Sahib district in the Indian State of Punjab, "Dholewal is at " Dholewal has population of 1098. The nearest town is Kheri Naudh Singh, 1 km east of the village. Dholewal falls under the Jurisdiction of Khamanon City tehsil, home to the Senior Superintendent of Police and Magistrate of the area. The largest city near the village is Khanna, approximately 10 km west of the village.
History.
The history of Dholewal goes back 120 years. Most village residents migrated from other parts of Punjab. Those with the surname Mann, more than 20 families, are thought to be from a village named Dhanola. Seventeen Kharaud families migrated from Sakhrali village, in Patiala District. Fifteen families migrated from Chandran. Many residents have left the village for economic reasons, the majority of them to large cities to earn a better living.
Demographics.
Dholewal has a population of 748 (Census, 2001). 53% of the population is male and 47% population is female. 16% of the village population is under the age of 10 years. The literacy rate of the village is 58%. people from different castes reside in village. Majority of population belongs tom jatt sikh community, dalits have visible minority in village.
Education.
Dholewal has an elementary school situated on the Dholewal-Hargana road. Students from middle income families go to private school but low income children go to public schools as they are cheaper. Many of the young people in the village have a high school education, with a small number of students pursuing a bachelor degree. Income inequality within the village plays a major role in educational attainment as more than half of the poor families do not have access to education.
Religion.
Dholewal is demographically diverse, but the majority are Jatt Sikhs with a visible minority of Dalits and Chammars. The largest religion in the village is Sikhism. There are three "gurudwaras" (religious temples) in the village. There is a small community of Hindu people in the village who belong to the Khatri caste.
Sports and leisure activities.
Cricket and volleyball are the two most popular sports in the village. There were some competitions happened in past between the this village and other villages. A village playground is located at the elementary school. The volleyball ground is located at the Gurudwara site. Many old people do not play any physical sports but enjoy playing cards. The village "panchayat" (assembly) is considering investing Rs. 2 Lakh in sports activities over next two years, with the village volleyball ground scheduled to be upgraded in 2011. Contributions to community projects remain limited by the diaspora from the community, worsened by the 2008 recession.
S. Daljinder singh Kharaud D.P.E was national champion in 1983 at Calcutta in races(100 M). And IN 2011 S. Daljinder singh Kharaud participate in international vettern ATHLETICS meet in Pune and got 6th position in 100 M Race.
Village diaspora.
Approximately 20 households have family members settle abroad in North America, Europe, Middle East and Australasia. Remittances are a major source of income for those families.
Economy.
Dholewal primarily depends on agriculture. Approximately 75% of the village population earn their living from farming. 10% are employed in the public and private service sectors. 10% are self-employed and 5% are unemployed. The main agriculture products of Dholewal are wheat, rice, sugarcane, sunflower, and various vegetables. Agriculture is not industrialized. Income distribution in the village is unequal; the landlord families of Dholewal earn 50% of the gross product. 15% live below the poverty line. Dalit and Chammar families earn less than 100 rupees (US $2) a day. In 2006–07, the Gross Domestic Product of Dholewal was 2.6 crore rupees and household median income of household was 50,000 rupees, which is well above the state and national average.
Politics.
Dholewal has a rich history in political affairs. Voters in the village divide into two main political parties, the Indian National Congress Party and the Shiromani Akali Dal party. Dholewal village is under the jurisdiciotn of the legislative assembly seat at Khanna City. Former MLA (Member of Legislative Assembly) of Khanna City Sh. Shamsher Singh Dullo visited the village during his tenure. In recent elections, the majority of village voters favor the Akali Dal Party, which is the current governing party of the State of Punjab.
Internal issues.
The main public issues are the village's aging sewerage system and lack of good educational institutions. Many low income families are unable to send their children to school as the result of the unavailability of public education. Village's strikingly low sex ratio (877/1000) is a matter of concern. Village sex ratio is consistent with state. This issue remains the most challenging to address.

</doc>
<doc id="18688564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688564" title="Rs1801133">
Rs1801133

C677T or Rs1801133 is a genetic variation—a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP)—in the "MTHFR" gene.
Among Americans the frequency of T-homozygosity ranges from 1% or less among Blacks to 20% or more among Italians and Hispanics.
It has been related to
In 2000 association studies on oral clefts, Down syndrome, and fetal anticonvulsant syndrome were either unreplicated or had yielded conflicting results.
Related genetic variants.
A1298C is a SNP in the same gene.
Studies have investigated the combined effect of C677T and A1298C.

</doc>
<doc id="18688576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688576" title="Q-Flex">
Q-Flex

Q-Flex is a type of ship, specifically a membrane type liquefied natural gas carrier. 
Technical description.
Q-Flex vessels are propelled by two slow speed diesel engines, which are claimed to be more efficient and environmentally friendly than traditional steam turbines. Q-Flex carriers are equipped with an on-board re-liquefaction system to handle the boil-off gas, liquefy it and return the LNG to the cargo tanks. The on-board re-liquefaction system reduces LNG losses, which produces economic and environmental benefits. Overall, it is estimated that Q-Flex carriers have about 40% lower energy requirements and carbon emissions than conventional LNG carriers.
The capacity of a Q-Flex vessel is between 210,000 m3 and 216,000 m3. Until the entry into service of the Q-Max-type carrier, it was the world's largest LNG carrier type with a capacity of 1.5 times that of conventional LNG carriers.
Contractors.
The first Q-Flex LNG carrier was delivered by Hyundai Heavy Industries in late 2007. The installed re-liquefaction system is developed and delivered by Hamworthy and approved and certified by DNV. Q-Flex LNG carriers are built also by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Company and Samsung Heavy Industries.
Ships.
As of August 2008 there are 16 named Q-Flex LNG carrier: "Al Hamla", "Al Gharrafa", "Duhail", "Al Ghariya", "Al Aamriya", "Murwab", "Fraiha", "Al Huwaila", "Al Kharsaah", "Al Shamal", "Al Khuwair", "Al Oraiq", "Umm Al Amad", "Al Thumama", "Al Sahla" and "Al Utouriya". All these vessels are owned by holding companies established by the Qatar Gas Transport Company (Nakilat) and different shipping companies such as Overseas Shipholding Group, Pronav and Commerz Real, and they are chartered to Qatar's LNG producers Qatargas and RasGas. In total, contracts have been signed for the construction of 31 Q-Flex vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18688578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688578" title="Philippine College of Physicians">
Philippine College of Physicians

The Philippine College of Physicians (PCP) is an umbrella organization, formed in 1952, of internists in the Philippines. It was founded by Dr. Gonzalo F. Austria.
Its three main aims are:
An Affiliate Society of Philippine Medical Association (PMA).
The PCP is an affiliate society of the Philippine Medical Association and a member-society of the International Society of Internal Medicine.
The College has a total of 6,318 members composed of Fellows, Diplomates and Affiliate Members. The title of Diplomate in Internal Medicine is awarded by the PCP to an internist who has fulfilled all the requirements set by the Philippine Specialty Board of Internal Medicine which administers the certifying examinations annually. The title of Fellow is awarded to a Diplomate in Internal Medicine who has fulfilled the requirements for membership as Fellow in the PCP. Thus, an internist who has satisfactorily passed and fulfilled the requirements of the PCP and having been certified as such, may carry the title Diplomate in Internal Medicine and Fellow of the PCP (FPCP).
Sub-specialties and affiliate societies.
The College has fourteen sub-specialties and affiliate societies under it namely:
Regional chapters.
The College has twelve regional chapters nationwide:

</doc>
<doc id="18688600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688600" title="Guardatele ma non toccatele">
Guardatele ma non toccatele

Guardatele ma non toccatele is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi.

</doc>
<doc id="18688601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688601" title="Matuga Constituency">
Matuga Constituency

Matuga Constituency is an electoral constituency in Kenya. It is one of three constituencies in Kwale District. The constituency was established for the 1988 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="18688617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688617" title="Sternenmädchen">
Sternenmädchen

Sternenmädchen is a compilation album by Nina Hagen, released in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="18688623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688623" title="Rajdowe Samochodowe Mistrzostwa Polski">
Rajdowe Samochodowe Mistrzostwa Polski

Rajdowe Samochodowe Mistrzostwa Polski (RSMP) - the annual series of Polish Rally Championship existing from 1928. Consisting of several rounds on different surfaces throughout Poland. The organizer and owner of the cycle is Polski Związek Motorowy (PZM). In 2008 the main sponsor of the series is Orlen oil company and its full name is Platinum Rajdowe Samochodowe Mistrzostwa Polski (Platinum Car Rally Championship Polish).
A prerequisite for the start to RSMP is to have a rally license degree "R" or "R co-driver only" (entitles you to take off only as a co-driver). As of 2007, foreign drivers have been allowed to gain points.
History.
Rallies in Poland almost always were at a high level of security and organisation ence have moved foreigners. The Second World War stopped high advancement of rallies. After the war Polish Rallies had problems. Just in 60s RSMP launched in high level. Great Polish drivers went to the conquest of Europe and Sobiesław Zasada has proved to be the best, he won three European Rally Championship titles (now World Rally Championship). He imported the latest sports cars, so he dominate of RSMP. In 1975 won title young driver Marian Bublewicz in Polski Fiat 125p from Olsztyn. Since then RSMP won different drivers: Tomasz Ciecierzyński, Włodzimierz Groblewski, Jerzy Landsberg, Błażej Krupa, Maciej Stawowiak, Tomasz Ciecierzyński.
In 1980s for a title fight Marian Bublewicz and Andrzej Koper. They imported Japanese sports cars and Renault. Only in 1987 Bublewicz won championship in Polonez 2000. so it was amazing. In 1989-1992 Bublewicz had no equal. In 1993 he purchased Ford Escort Cosworth for next title, but new car was not ready for the first in season Zimowy Rajd Dolnośląski. He started in hired Ford Sierra. For unknown reasons, he lost car and hit in tree. Marian Bublewicz died in hospital. Polish fans and PZM were shocked. Bublewicz's fatal crash caused work on security.
In 1990s for title going Paweł Przybylski, Krzysztof Hołowczyc, Robert Gryczyński and Janusz Kulig. All the leading drivers have top cars from World Rally Championship and rivalry was very hard.
Polish Rally Champions.
After 1966

</doc>
<doc id="18688627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688627" title="Lashkari">
Lashkari

Lashkari (April 3, 1981- December 25, 1996) is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse, best known for winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Turf in 1984. 
Named for Lashkari in Helmand Province, Afghanistan, he was bred and raced by Aga Khan IV. Lashkari was out of the French mare Larannda – a daughter of Right Royal, who was a multiple Group One winner in England and France. Lashkari was sired by Mill Reef, whose Group One wins included the Epsom Derby and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and who was voted 1971's European Horse of the Year.
A late bloomer who first went to the track at age three, under French trainer Alain de Royer-Dupre Lashkari won four of his eight starts in 1984. His first major win came in the Prix du Conseil de Paris at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris; this earned him the chance to compete in the first edition of the Breeders' Cup races at Hollywood Park Racetrack in Inglewood, California. Entered in the 1½ mile Breeders' Cup Turf, under jockey Yves Saint-Martin Lashkari caught the world champion filly All Along in the homestretch to win by a neck. Of the other nine horses in the race, Lashkari defeated Strawberry Road (who finished fourth) and the 1982 Kentucky Derby winner Gato Del Sol (who finished eighth). 
At age four in 1985, Lashkari won once in five starts and finished second in the Group 2 Grand Prix de Deauville. In the fall he returned to the United States to defend his Breeders' Cup Turf title, but finished fourth to Pebbles. Retired to stand at his owner's stud, Lashkari met with some success; he sired Erdelistan, the 1990 winner of the G-1 Gran Premio del Jockey Club. He is also the damsire of 2000 Epsom Derby and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, Sinndar.

</doc>
<doc id="18688646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688646" title="Allan Jones (engineer)">
Allan Jones (engineer)

Allan Jones MBE, is an engineer who pioneered Combined Heat and Power (CHP), renewable energy and fuel cell systems in the United Kingdom and Australia from 1990 to the present.
Allan Jones Energy and Climate Change.
Jones attended Sheerwater secondary modern, Woking; Guildford College of Technology and the Central London Polytechnic. During his early career he spent 18 years with Greater London Council and Inner London Education Authority, working on major development and regeneration projects but is known for his energy and climate change work, particularly decentralised energy in Woking, London and Sydney.
In 1999, Jones was awarded an MBE in the New Year’s honours list for services to energy and water efficiency.
Greater London Council/Inner London Education Authority
From 1971 to 1989 Jones worked for the Greater London Council (1971 to 1986) and the Inner London Education Authority (1986 to 1989) on major development and regeneration projects both as an engineer and senior manager, including London housing projects, Andover Town Development, County Hall projects, Burgess Park new lake and park, the first networked Building Energy Management System in the UK and various school and college projects. Jones was a member of the Department of Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Management Board from 1983 to 1986 and a member of the Department of Building and Property Services Management Board from 1986 to 1989.
Woking Borough Council
From 1989 to 2004 Jones worked for Woking Borough Council, initially as building services manager and then as energy services manager. He was instrumental in establishing the Council’s energy and environmental services company Thameswey Ltd of which he was a director (1999 to 2004) and its public/private joint venture company Thameswey Energy Ltd which developed and implemented decentralised energy projects in both the public and private sectors.
During his time at Woking, Jones reduced CO2 emissions by 77.5% from 1990 levels to 2004, improved the energy efficiency of the existing housing stock within its area by 30% from 1996 to 2004 and undertook groundbreaking work on energy and water efficiency, private wire CHP cogeneration and trigeneration decentralised energy systems, environmentally friendly waste recycling/recovery and energy from waste technologies, alternative fuels for transport, renewable energy and fuel cells. Under Jones, Woking installed 81 private wire decentralised energy systems, nearly 10% of the UK’s total installed solar energy photovoltaics and the first fuel cell CHP in the UK. Woking was able to implement private wire networks under the UK’s exempt licensing regime .
In 2001, Jones was instrumental in Woking being awarded a Queens Award for Enterprise: Sustainable Development for his work in the development of local sustainable community energy systems, the only local authority ever to receive a Queens Award for Enterprise.
London Climate Change Agency
In 2004, the then Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone recruited Jones to head up his new climate change agency for London as chief executive officer (2004 to 2008) of the London Climate Change Agency Ltd (LCCA), a municipal company that developed and implemented projects in the sectors that impact on climate change, especially in the energy, water, waste and transport sectors. In addition to being chief executive officer of the LCCA, Jones was also the LCCA’s executive director of the London ESCO Ltd and the LCCA’s director of the Better Buildings Partnership Ltd, a company limited by guarantee between the LCCA and major landlords in London to reduce CO2 emissions from major commercial and public buildings.
During his time in London Jones set up and ran the LCCA, developed the energy and climate change elements of the London Plan, Mayor’s Climate Change Action Plan and the new Mayoral Climate Change Statutory Duty as well as developing and implementing decentralised energy and renewable energy projects in London. One of the key projects that Jones implemented was the procurement and establishment of the London ESCO, a public/private joint venture Energy Services Company between the LCCA Ltd and EDF Energy plc, which designs, finances, builds and operates decentralised energy systems for both new and existing development.
Jones is credited with the removal of the regulatory barriers to decentralised energy in the UK with the high level advocacy and lobbying that led to the creation of a separate electricity supply licence for decentralised energy or distributed generation to supply electricity over the local distribution network, otherwise known as the ‘virtual private wire’ over public wires principle. The UK Energy Regulator – the Office of Electricity and Gas Markets enacted the new licence in March 2009 .
On 22 May 2008, Jones appeared in an interview, shot in London and Woking, as part of the Australian ABC’s ‘Catalyst’ programme (2008 Episode 14). The story featured Jones past work in Woking and the LCCA’s plans for implementing decentralised energy systems in London. This led to Jones being invited to visit Sydney as a guest of the City of Sydney and the New South Wales state government. A public talk ‘City Talk: Green Transformers, revolutionising energy generation for a Sustainable Sydney’ was held on Tuesday 22 July 2008 at the Theatre Royal, MLC Centre, King St, Sydney. The visit also included media coverage, like that on ABC Radio National’s Saturday Extra programme.
Sustainable Environment Foundation
From 2007 to 2009 Jones was a director/trustee of the Sustainable Environment Foundation, a foundation that promotes for the benefit and advances the education of the public the conservation, protection and improvement of the physical and natural environment.
Allan Jones Energy and Climate Change
From 2008 to 2009 Jones worked as an energy and climate change consultant both in the UK and overseas, including working for the City of Sydney on a number of energy and climate change projects and advising on the delivery of the climate change targets in Sustainable Sydney 2030, in particular on trigeneration and other green infrastructure.
City of Sydney
In 2009, Jones was appointed as chief development officer, energy and climate change by the City of Sydney to provide leadership, strategic direction and high level advocacy to promote the changes which support the development and delivery of green infrastructure within the City as set out in Sustainable Sydney 2030. Sydney has an ambitious target to reduce CO2 emissions by 70% by 2030 from 2006 levels which will require at lease 330MWe of combined cooling, heat and power (CCHP) or trigeneration to deliver 70% of the City’s electricity requirements by 2030 with the remainder coming from local renewable energy.
To deliver these targets Jones developed a Green Infrastructure Plan for the City, which is being put into action at two levels – for the city as a whole and by the City of Sydney leading the way and installing local generation and green infrastructure projects in its own operations. This “show by doing” principle had been previously adopted in Woking and London to demonstrate that if the public sector leads, others will follow.
At the first level, Decentralised Energy Master Plans, Trigeneration, Renewable Energy and Advanced Waste Treatment, Decentralised Water and Automated Waste Master Plans are being developed to create a city-wide Green Infrastructure Plan which will be embedded into the City’s master plan and operations.
At the second level, the City is implementing a range of projects to reduce its own CO2 emissions by 48% from 2009 to 2012 as a first step towards the City’s own 70% reduction in CO2 emissions target for its own buildings and operations. This has led to a series of building energy efficiency retrofit and renewable energy projects which have already seen a 18% reduction in CO2 emissions in the first year of the project.
At the second level, the City has already reduced greenhouse gas emissions in its buildings by 18% from 2009 to 2011 by building energy efficiency retrofits and has let a further building energy and water efficiency retrofit contract to reduce emissions by a further 24%, increasing the total emission reductions to 42% by the end of 2012. The City has also let contracts to replace all City owned street lighting with LEDs over the next 3 years which will reduce emissions in City owned street lighting by 51% and to install 1.25MWp of precinct scale solar photovoltaics on more than 30 of the City’s buildings over the next 2 years.
Following completion of the 2 year long procurement process Cogent Energy (owned by Origin Energy) was appointed by the City as the Energy Services Provider to design, finance, build, operate and maintain the city-wide trigeneration network. Heads of agreement were signed in April 2012 and the development agreement was executed in August 2012.
External links.
City of Sydney
London Climate Change Agency 
Woking Borough Council
Decentralised energy

</doc>
<doc id="18688654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688654" title="Signori si nasce">
Signori si nasce

Signori si nasce is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
The Baron Otton Spinelli of Olives, said Zaza (Totò), in spite of his noble ancestry, was always broke, because of a dissolute life spent behind the scenes of theater to woo the soubrette. Despite the economic hardship, the man continues to entertain a noble life, living in a hotel and served by the faithful (and never paid) Baptist (Carlo Croccolo). Pressed by a creditor unsolved, such Bernasconi (Luigi Pavese), is reported because it has falsified the guarantee of a promissory note due course and discovery. Cornered, Zaza decides reluctantly to accept the advice of the Baptist, or apply for a loan to his brother Pio Degli Ulivi (Peppino De Filippo), owner of a tailor shop frequented mainly by priests and nuns. Between the two brothers there is bad blood because of the style of life of Zaza, considered immoral by Pius, God-fearing man, devoted to work and charity. Presented himself at his brother's house, Zaza is driven and, out of spite, to believe his brother wanting to commit suicide. 
Returning home, he receives the unexpected visit of the beautiful and daring showgirl Patrizia (Delia Scala), who pretends to seduce him in order to prove his acting talent and then ask them to make them get the part in a magazine. Zaza says to the girl that the show had been abandoned by the manufacturer, but in the midst of the discussion, comes Pio, frightened by threats suicide of his brother. To extort money to Pius for the bill and to detect the magazine, Zaza decides to believe that his brother Patrick is his daughter. Assessed the situation, decides to invite his brother Pio, alleged nephew and alleged boyfriend Patrizia (ie Baptist) at his home. While staying at his brother's house, Zaza disguises himself as a priest to deceive Bernasconi into believing they are true twin brother of the debtor to obtain a deferral of payment. Then come a series of misunderstandings, during which Pius is convinced wrongly of being a father of Patrick and get to dress up as a priest, being exposed and abandoned by its customers. In the end, Zaza able to heal the bill and force his brother to finance the play, with Patrizia finally primadonna.

</doc>
<doc id="18688672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688672" title="WSWW-FM">
WSWW-FM

WSWW-FM is a Full Service formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Craigsville, West Virginia, serving the Summersville/Webster Springs/Richwood area. WSWW-FM is owned and operated by West Virginia Radio Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="18688692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688692" title="List of Major League Baseball players from Taiwan">
List of Major League Baseball players from Taiwan

This is a list of players from Taiwan in Major League Baseball. There have been 10 players in total from Taiwan.

</doc>
<doc id="18688698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688698" title="Joakim Andersson (diver)">
Joakim Andersson (diver)

Arne Joakim Andersson (born September 9, 1971 in Jönköping) is a retired diver from Sweden. He won four medals (three silver, one bronze) at the European Championships in the early 1990s.
Andersson represented Sweden in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 (Seoul, South Korea). He was affiliated with the "Jönköpings Simsällskap" during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18688706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688706" title="Un mandarino per Teo">
Un mandarino per Teo

Un mandarino per Teo is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.

</doc>
<doc id="18688721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688721" title="Nikon Coolpix S600">
Nikon Coolpix S600

Nikon COOLPIX S600 is a small digital camera by Nikon. It is a point-and-shoot camera with a resolution of 10 Megapixels, and 4x optical zoom. The S600 was released in the spring of 2008 along with other digital point-and-shoot, and DSLR cameras. The newest model of this series is the S640

</doc>
<doc id="18688735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688735" title="Worsleya">
Worsleya

The genus Worsleya contains only one species, Worsleya procera, previously known as Worsleya rayneri. It is one of the largest (around 1.5 meters high) and rarest members of the subfamily Amaryllidoideae (family Amaryllidaceae). "Worsleya" is a tropical plant. This species is also known as the empress of Brazil because of its origin in South America. It grows in very extreme and moist environments, and is commonly found near waterfalls in rich soil situated on granite rocks (which is why it is sometimes considered to be a lithophyte) and sunny places. However, it is very difficult to cultivate. It has plenty of needs, though it can exhibit great hardiness. It also has many ornamental traits.
The plant has a large bulb that produces a high stem with green recurved leaves. "Worsleya" produces spectacular and beautiful blooms. They are large, lilac to blue colored, with small freckles on them. The seeds are black and semicircular, and are usually sown in pumice or sometimes Sphagnum, although with Sphagnum the threat of decay is higher.

</doc>
<doc id="18688736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688736" title="Honeywell RQ-16 T-Hawk">
Honeywell RQ-16 T-Hawk

The Honeywell RQ-16A T-Hawk (for "Tarantula hawk", a wasp species) is a ducted fan VTOL micro UAV. Developed by Honeywell, it is suitable for backpack deployment and single-person operation.
Development.
The Micro Air Vehicle (MAV) program was launched by the DARPA. Following a $40 million technology demonstration contract to Honeywell Defense and Space Electronic Systems in 2003, the MAV project was transferred to United States Army's Future Combat System (FCS) program to fulfill the need for Class I platoon-level drone. In May 2006, Honeywell was awarded a $61 million contract to develop an advanced MAV with extended endurance and heavy-fuel engine. 
In 2007, the United States Navy awarded Honeywell a $7.5 million contract for 20 G-MAVs (denoting the use of a gasoline engine) for deployment to Iraq with the U.S. Multi-Service Explosive Ordnance Disposal Group. The hovering feature of MAV has been critical for U.S. forces in Iraq that search for roadside bombs. Military convoys have been using MAVs to fly ahead and scan the roads. A MAV’s benefit is its ability to inspect a target — a suspicious vehicle, structure, or disturbed earth — from close range, covering ground much more quickly than an unmanned ground vehicle and without putting people at risk. 
The Iraq trials were so successful that the U.S. Navy placed a surprise order for 372 MAVs, designated RQ-16A T-Hawk, in January 2008 for Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) teams. The 186 MAV systems each consist of two air vehicles and one ground station. In January 2009, the United Kingdom was reported to have ordered five complete T-Hawk systems for delivery by 2010. In April 2010, Honeywell conducted demonstrations of the T-Hawk's at the Counter Terrorism and Jungle Warfare College, Kanker, Chattisgarh. As a result Indian security forces are set to conduct user trials.
Design.
The gasoline engine powered RQ-16 is reported to weigh , have an endurance of around 40 minutes, ceiling and an operating radius of about . Forward speeds up to have been achieved, but the G-MAV is operationally restricted to by software. VTOL operation is subject to a maximum wind speed of . Sensors include one forward and one downward looking daylight or IR cameras.
U.S. Army service.
Designated XM156 (or Class I) by the United States Army, the aircraft was intended to provide the dismounted soldier with Reconnaissance, Surveillance, and Target Acquisition (RSTA) and laser designation. Total system weight, which includes the air vehicle, a control device, and ground support equipment is less than and is back-packable in two custom MOLLE-type carriers.
This micro air vehicle operates in open, rolling, complex and urban terrains with a vertical take-off and landing capability. It was interoperable with select ground and air platforms and controlled by mounted or dismounted soldiers. The Class I used autonomous flight and navigation, but it would interact with the network and soldier to dynamically update routes and target information. It provided dedicated reconnaissance support and early warning to the smallest echelons of the Brigade Combat Team (BCT) in environments not suited to larger assets.
The Class I system provided a hover and stare capability that was not available in the Army UAV inventory for urban and route surveillance. The Class I system also filled known gaps that existed in force operations, such as: Protect Force in Counterinsurgency (COIN) Operations, Soldier Protection in COIN environment, Ability to Conduct Joint Urban Operations, Enhanced ISR/RSTA Capabilities, Hover and Stare operations.
The Class I UAV was part of Spin Out 1 and entered evaluation by Soldiers at the Army Evaluation Task Force (AETF). It was to be fielded to Infantry Brigade Combat Teams (IBCT) starting in 2011. However, the Army issued Honeywell a stop-work order on January 6, 2011, with formal termination on February 3 the following month. Its role has gone to the Puma AE.
Continued Service.
On September 19, 2012, Honeywell was awarded a support contract for the RQ-16B Block II T-Hawk. Despite the Class I UAV program being cancelled, RQ-16s are still being used in the field in Afghanistan.
As of 25 October 2013, the British Army has 18 T-Hawks in service.
Civilian Application at Disaster Site.
On Friday, April 15, 2011, a T-hawk drone was used to conduct surveillance of the damaged Fukushima Dai-Ichi nuclear power station. This nuclear plant suffered severe damage as a result of a devastating earthquake and tsunami which struck the east coast of Japan one month earlier. The damage resulted in several of the reactors at the facility undergoing partial meltdown, releasing radioactivity into the local area. The radiation was thousands of times above the safe limit for exposure, making the area unsafe for human habitation. The radiation was intense enough to make even short-term exposure hazardous, preventing people from going in to assess the damage. The T-hawk drone took numerous photographs of the damaged reactor housings, turbine buildings, spent nuclear fuel rod containment pools, and associated facilities damaged by the earthquake, tsunami, and subsequent hydrogen gas explosions at the facility. This allowed Tokyo Electric Power Co. (TEPCO) to better determine where the releases of radioactivity were coming from and how to best deal with them.
On Friday, June 24, 2011, a T-Hawk apparently crash-landed on the roof of the number 2 reactor building at Fukushima.

</doc>
<doc id="18688737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688737" title="Priests' Eucharistic League">
Priests' Eucharistic League

The Priests' Eucharistic League ("Confraternitas sacerdotalis adorationis Sanctissimi Sacramenti") was a Roman Catholic confraternity set up in the nineteenth century, with primary object the frequent and prolonged worship of the Blessed Sacrament by priests.
The confraternity was originally intended for members of the secular clergy only; but as far back as 1898 the admission of members of religious orders was authorized; and by a concession of the superior general of the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament dated 2 November 1902, seminarists in the United States became eligible for admission even before receiving the subdiaconate. 
History.
It was established in Paris by Pierre-Julien Eymard, founder of the Congregation of the Blessed Sacrament. Already in 1857 he had wanted to adaphis work of Eucharistic adoration as would attract the clergy. to a more intimate and constant intercourse with the sacramental Lord. It was not until 1867 that the plan of a distinct confraternity was matured. 
The association assumed its mature form in 1879, received the approval of Pope Leo XIII on 25 January 1881, and six years later, on 16 January 1887, was definitively approved and canonically erected by Cardinal Parocchi, cardinal vicar, in the church of S. Claudio in Rome. To this church was attached the Archconfraternity of the Most Holy Sacrament, and it was the canonical centre of the Priests' Eucharistic League; but the office of the central administration of the league was at the house of the fathers of the Congregation of the Most Holy Sacrament, Brussels.
Works of the association.
The specified works of the association were the following:

</doc>
<doc id="18688749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688749" title="Appuntamento a Ischia">
Appuntamento a Ischia

Appuntamento a Ischia is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Domenico Modugno.

</doc>
<doc id="18688751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688751" title="Ambroise-Hilaire Comeau">
Ambroise-Hilaire Comeau

Ambroise-Hilaire Comeau (September 17, 1860 – August 25, 1911) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Digby County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1907 as a Liberal member. His name appears in some sources as Ambrose H. Comeau.
He was born in Meteghan River, Nova Scotia, of Acadian descent. Comeau served six years on the municipal council for Clare and was Warden for the municipality for two years. He served on the province's Executive Council as a minister without portfolio. He was named to the Senate of Canada for Digby County in 1907 and served until his death at the age of 50.

</doc>
<doc id="18688753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688753" title="Institute of Plant Physiology and Genetics">
Institute of Plant Physiology and Genetics

The Institute of Plant Physiology and Genetics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine (IPPG) is a leading scientific research organisation in the Ukrainian city of Kiev. Founded in 1946 as a branch of the Institute of Botany, the Institute specialises in crop breeding, plant physiology, genetics and cellular engineering.
Current status.
On 2007, the Institute has 7 departments, 3 regional science centers with about 1,000 employees.
Main scientific fields.
Scientific research of the Institute are executed after perspective directions, NAN of Ukraine ratified Presidium
Scientific schools.
The institute comprises scientific schools in the following disciplines:
Achievement and developments.
For a general revision and introduction sorts and hybrids of winter wheat, rye are offered, tritikale, corn of selection of institute, new high-efficiency competitive cultures of bul'bochkovikh bacteria.

</doc>
<doc id="18688763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688763" title="K-16 (Kansas highway)">
K-16 (Kansas highway)

K-16 is a state highway in Kansas. It starts at a junction with US 77 just north of Randolph and ends in Tonganoxie with US 24 and US 40.
Route description.
K-16 begins north of Randolph on US 77 and crosses Tuttle Creek Lake. Near the town of Blaine, K-16 crosses The Oregon Trail. K-16 continues through Holton until turning south. K-116 continues to head eastward through Larkinburg and Arrington until ending at Cummings in Atchison County.
K-16 continues through Valley Falls, crossing the Delaware River until meeting with US 59. K-16 then runs concurrent with US 59 through Oskaloosa until heading east again through McLouth and winding through Leavenworth County until coming to an end at an intersection with US 24 and US 40 in Tonganoxie.
History.
Between 1926 and 1936, K-16 was located in Atchison County and Doniphan County, starting at US 73 in Atchison and ending at US 36 in Troy.
A southern terminus was located in Montgomery County and Neosho County starting in Chanute and ending at the Oklahoma state line in Coffeyville.

</doc>
<doc id="18688767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688767" title="Kalanisi">
Kalanisi

Kalanisi (foaled March 27, 1996 in Ireland) is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won European Champion and American Champion honors in 2000.
Background.
Bred and raced by H.H. Aga Khan IV, Kalanisi was out of the mare Kalamba, a daughter of Green Dancer, a Champion sire in France who was a son of the English Triple Crown winner, Nijinsky. Kalanisi was sired by Doyoun, winner of the 1988 British Classic Race, the 2,000 Guineas Stakes. Doyoun was a son of Mill Reef whose multiple Group One wins included the Epsom Derby and Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and who was voted 1971's European Horse of the Year.
Racing career.
1999: three-year-old season.
Trained by Sir Michael Stoute, Kalanisi won all three starts as a three-year-old
2000: four-year-old season.
then at age four, won the then Group 2 Queen Anne Stakes and the Group 1 Champion Stakes in England plus earned a second in two other Group 1 races. Shipped to the United States for the November 4, 2000 Grade 1 Breeders' Cup Turf at Churchill Downs, under jockey Johnny Murtagh Kalanisi won the race by defeating runner-up Quiet Resolve as well as the betting favorite Montjeu plus other top international runners such Fantastic Light, and Manndar. It was the Aga Khan's second win of the Breeders' Cup Turf as an owner, having won with Lashkari in 1984's inaugural running.
2001: five-year-old season.
Racing at age five, Kalanisi won two of five starts and notably was second in June's Group 1 Prince of Wales's Stakes at England's Ascot Racecourse. Injured in the race, he was retired to stud duty at his owner's Gilltown Stud in County Kildare, Ireland.
Assessment.
Kalanasi's performances in 2000 earned him the American Eclipse Award as U.S. Champion Male Turf Horse and the Cartier Racing Award as European Champion Older Horse.
Stud career.
Kalanisi has been the sire of more than one hundred and forty foals of which, as of mid-2008, thirty-five have been race winners. Beginning in 2008 he has been standing at Boardsmill Stud in County Meath.
Commemoration.
Tha 'Kalanisi Building' at the Royal Veterinary College, Hatfield, England, was named in Kalanisi's honour on the 4th of August, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18688770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688770" title="Totò, Fabrizi e i giovani d'oggi">
Totò, Fabrizi e i giovani d'oggi

"Totò, Fabrizi e i giovani d'oggi" is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
Carlo (Geronimo Meynier), a student a step away from diploma in surveying, and Gabriella (Christine Kaufmann), a student at a high school language, meet in a pool where the young girl known while swimming. After the first meeting, the two begin dating for the following months, until Charles, having completed his studies and graduated surveyor, asks her to marry him, Gabriella by getting an affirmative answer. For the two betrothed therefore comes time to break the news to their families.
Gabriella's father, Cav. Antonio Cocozza (Toto), owner of a bakery in business since 1902, seems to welcome the news with disappointment, but in reality only fear of having to come to terms with his wife Matilda (Franca Marzi) so, realized that his daughter is really in love with a ploy succeeds to extort the strict consensus wife wedding. A home of Charles, however, the situation is different. His father, the accountant Joseph D'Amore (Aldo Fabrizi), it immediately shows strongly opposed to the question, mainly for economic reasons: his work at the Ministry does not allow revenue likely to bear the costs of a wedding and, besides, the man makes it clear to the child that once obtained the diploma, would have to start contributing to household expenses too. The boy, very devoted to her father, then surrender to the wedding, communicating the news to Gabriella and sending on a rampage even her family.
To move the accountant D'Amore will think, however, his wife Teresa (Rina Morelli) that, by showing an old letter to her husband that he had dedicated for his father, at the time, did not want to give his consent to their marriage, convinces him to leave to marry the two lovers. Charles had the consent of his father, he finally meets the knight Cocozza that, despite having agreed with his wife an engagement of three years before the wedding, accepts the request from the young to plan a wedding within the next three months.
For the engagement dinner, you choose a restaurant outside the city, where the Cavalier Cocozza and the accountant D'Amore make mutual understanding. Carlo's father shows just impatient for having to pay the engagement dinner where the Cocozza are presented with a lot of grandfather and aunts in tow. After a jovial toast the end of lunch, and D'Amore Cocozza appartano you to discuss the details of the wedding. After the initial friendliness, the two are immediately in conflict, especially because of the Cavalier Cocozza who, having delusions of grandeur, wants to organize a wedding very glitzy, saddling almost all the costs of relief (honeymoon apartment and boys) on ragioner D'Amore who, for his part, would not even spend the money to buy a new dress for the ceremony. After exchanging Cocozza (who knows how much in good faith) D'Amore for a former tobacco peddler, both parents break the negotiations, throwing into turmoil the Betrothed.
To bring the conflict between their parents and force them to give their consent to the marriage, Charles and Gabriella then organized a fake elopement, leaving a farewell message to their families. D'Amore gets to know it just as he was asking his boss, the Commendatore Sarda (Luigi Pavese), promotion, and shortly after his arrival at home, receives the visit of the spouses Cocozza, with a lot of aggression Knight against him. When cornered by a phone call their children (who convince their parents to be at the station ready to go), the two fathers give their consent to the marriage and Cocozza can find a way to force D'Amore to shoulder the cost of the apartment the boys.
To live up to the commitment made, since his income does not allow them to better, D'Amore enter into a cooperative building of his ministry, and an apartment closer to the airport of Ciampino and Rome, and invites the future consuocero to view it. Cocozza, however, denies every single thing the new apartment (which in fact is objectively small), creating new surreal situations between the two and the nth quarrel that sends back upstream the wedding.
To mend yet another rift between the two, the two families are both believe that the other wants to apologize, combining a meeting between the two at pastry Cocozza. Clarified the misunderstanding, however Cocozza D'Amore offers an apology, as long as the accountant agrees to support the delivery of the "Dove Cocozza" of its production at the Ministry, acting as a guarantor; D'Amore at the beginning refuse not to give satisfaction to the pastry chef, but the same evening, once again thanks to his wife Teresa, the accountant is convinced.
On the Tuesday after Easter, to return to the office, the Commendatore The Sardinian convene Cocozza and D'Amore. They discover that, because of the doves Cocozza, almost all the staff of the ministry is suffering from colic; Cocozza claims the authenticity of the product (actually made with the phantom eggs Bulgarian, arrived by sea, as explained above by the Knight D 'Love) and requires the accountant to try it, even sending him to the hospital, the wedding at this point seem to finally be compromised.
To resolve the situation, Carlo and Gabriella participate, with the help of their mothers, in a TV program about young people today, during which, in front of millions of viewers and their fathers tell their story revealing also news will most likely not true, expecting a child. In front of the national scandal, the two finally agree to marriage sighed.
The day of the wedding, Cocozza and D'Amore notice had been received from the dress tailor each other and are forced to a surreal exchange clothes in a taxi outside the church, which leads them to the nth fight, during which finally Cocozza (which, throughout history, mistakes the accountant for imaginary characters known in the past) remembers the occasion on which he had really known D'Amore (ie at the time of the Fascist period, during a parade in Via Empire, where the accountant, head of the fascist militias, called publicly Cocozza during the parade of soldiers). Determined to stop the wedding, the two now come when their children are already married. Not being able to do anything else, the two begin to bicker in the churchyard, the rain just started.

</doc>
<doc id="18688772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688772" title="Railway stations in Tanzania">
Railway stations in Tanzania

Railway stations in Tanzania include:
Towns served by rail.
Tanzania Railways Corporation.
Mtwara Line (Southern Province Railway) - (defunct).
In 1949 a line was built to link the Tanganyika groundnut scheme plantations around Nachingwea with the port of Mtwara. The scheme famously foundered and the railway was abandoned in 1962. Proposals have been made for a new railway to link Mtwara to iron ore deposits in the west, perhaps linking via Songea to Liganga.
Island of Unguja.
A short line lasted from 1879 to 1888.
TAZARA Railway.
Formerly also called "TanZam Railway".
Gauge.
1000 mm and 1067 mm are too close to allow 3-rail dual gauge; you have to have 4-rail dual gauge. But if you have 4-rail gauge, then you can include 1435 mm gauge (standard gauge) at the cost of slightly longer sleepers.
<br clear>
Container port.
The container port at Dar es Salaam is served by both 1000 mm and 1067 mm gauge tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="18688798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688798" title="Buga-shadara">
Buga-shadara

Buga-shadara is a two-player abstract strategy board game from Tuva, a republic in Siberia, Russia. It is a hunt game where one player plays the Deers (which is "buga" in the Tuva language). There are two deers usually represented as the black pieces. The boars are also referred Black in this article. The other player has 24 white pieces with dogs associated to them. The board is an expanded Alquerque board, and therefore, Buga-shadara is specifically a tiger hunt game (or tiger game). What makes Buga-shadara unique among tiger games is the expansion boards on the two opposite sides of the Alquerque board. They are square, whereas most are triangle-like.
A variant of the game allows for White to move one of its pieces immediately after it drops a piece in the beginning portion of the game. However, the rule gives a tremendous advantage for White.
Buga-shadara is similar to Rimau-rimau especially Version B where the 8 men are placed initially around the 8 points of the central square leaving the middle point vacant. Other than having slightly different board designs, there is also only a total of 22 men in Version B of Rimau-rimau as oppose to 24 men in Buga-shadara. The opening play is also different. There seems to be no additional opening procedures for Buga-shadara, whereas, in Rimau-rimau, the tigers are allowed to initially remove one man from the board, and reallocate one of its tigers onto any vacant point. Furthermore, there is the optional version in Rimau-rimau to capture an odd number of enemy pieces. 
Buga-shadara is also known as Bouge Shodre. 
Goal.
White wins if it can surround and immobilize the two Deers.
The deers win if they capture enough white pieces so that White can no longer immobilize them. If White is reduced to about 10 pieces, the Deers win.
Equipment.
The board is an Alquerque board flanked on two opposite sides by two square patterned boards. 
There are 2 Deers represented as 2 black pieces, and 24 Dogs represented white pieces for the other player.
Game Play and Rules.
1. The two deers are initially placed on the vertex connecting the two square expansion boards onto the Alquerque board. Eight dogs are placed on the eight points on the central square surrounding the middle point which is left vacant.
2. Players decide what colors to play. Deers to start first. Players alternate their turns. 
3. White must first drop the remaining 16 dogs onto any vacant point on the board before he or she can move any of them. This will take 16 turns. The deers, however, can begin to move and capture from the beginning.
4. The deers and the white pieces can move one space per turn onto a vacant point following the pattern on the board. Only one deer or white piece may be moved (or used to capture as in the case of the deers) per turn. Only the deers can capture. The dogs cannot capture. 
5. The deers can capture a dog by the short leap as in draughts. The deer must be adjacent to the white piece, and leap over it onto a vacant point on the other side. The leap must be in a straight line and follow the pattern on the board. Only one dog can be captured per turn. Captures are not compulsory.
Analysis.
With perfect play, White wins in 40 to 50 moves. 

</doc>
<doc id="18688805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688805" title="Cyclic ketogenic diet">
Cyclic ketogenic diet

A cyclic ketogenic diet (or carb-cycling) is a low-carbohydrate diet with intermittent periods of high or moderate carbohydrate consumption. This is a form of the general Ketogenic diet that is used as a way to maximize fat loss while maintaining the ability to perform high-intensity exercise. A ketogenic diet limits the number of grams of carbohydrate the dieter may eat, which may be anywhere between 0 and 50g per day. The remainder of the caloric intake must come primarily from fat sources, as well as protein sources, in order to maintain ketosis. (Ketosis is the condition in which the body burns fats and ketones instead of glucose for fuel.)
The Cyclical Ketogenic Diet can be complex, as it requires the dieters to closely watch the number of carbohydrate grams they eat during the intermittent period that they are not maintaining a strictly low carb/moderate protein diet.
When following a low carbohydrate diet, for the first few days, there is an adaptation period during which most people report feeling run-down or tired. Some people report feeling irritable, out of sorts, and unable to make decisions. For most people these feelings disappear after the adaptation period, however, and are replaced with feelings of calm and balance, and more consistent energy.
Although most people report a waning of cravings while in ketosis, some people may crave carbohydrates during ketosis for psychological reasons. During a hypocaloric ketogenic diet, the carb cravings may combine with hunger pangs, making matters worse. (However, it is noteworthy that most people report having no hunger pangs on a ketogenic diet, due to its higher fat and protein contents, which help to increase a sense of fullness).
A CKD offers a way to combat this. It offers a cyclical "refeed" (sometimes also called a carb-up). During this phase, the diet consists mostly of complex carbohydrates, with limited fat, sucrose and fructose. Since the glycogen stores in the liver and muscles are depleted, these carbohydrates go straight to refilling them, instead of being added to the body's fat stores. For this reason, the amount of calories consumed during a refeed can be far above an individual's usual dietary intake. While a typical CKD consists of 50g or less carbs per day, the typical refeed consists of 450-600g of carbs. Also a weight gain of 1-2 lbs is usually reported during refeeding.
The goals of a refeed are threefold:
The refueled glycogen stores can then be used for higher-intensity training to maintain or increase endurance / muscle mass after the refeed. Normally this sort of training would be relatively impossible on a pure ketogenic diet, as glycogen stores in the body are almost constantly depleted.
The refeed process can lead to gaining fat, if more carbs are consumed than needed to replenish glycogen stores. The timing, duration and macronutrient composition of a refeed are crucial to the overall success of the diet.

</doc>
<doc id="18688809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688809" title="Herwig Mitteregger">
Herwig Mitteregger

__NOTOC__
Herwig Rudolf Mitteregger (born 1953) is an Austrian musician. He became known with the Nina Hagen Band. He lives in Hamburg, Germany. He was also a member of German rock band Spliff. After two albums with Nina Hagen, he founded with his mates from the Nina Hagen Band (Bernhard Potschka (Guitar), Manfred Praeker (Bass), Reinhold Heil (Keyboards), Spliff. After four records the band split up. Mitteregger released five solo albums until he moved to Spain and became a father. 2008 he returned to Germany and released "Insolito".

</doc>
<doc id="18688813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688813" title="Davide Lorenzini">
Davide Lorenzini

Davide Lorenzini (born August 8, 1969 in Verona) is a retired diver from Italy.
Biography.
He is best known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 3 m springboard at the 1991 European Championships in Athens, Greece. Lorenzini represented his native country in two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain). He was affiliated with the carabinieri during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18688815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688815" title="Weidel's reaction">
Weidel's reaction

Weidel's reaction may refer to either a chemical reaction showing the presence of uric acid or xanthine bodies, or to a test (now considered obsolete) based on that reaction (invented by the Austrian chemist Hugo Weidel).
A solution of the suspected substance in chlorine water with a little nitric acid is evaporated in a water bath, and then exposed to the vapor of ammonia; the presence of xanthine is indicated when a red or purple color develops.

</doc>
<doc id="18688817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688817" title="Ambarchik">
Ambarchik

Ambarchik () is a rural locality (a "selo") and a port in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located from Chersky, the administrative center of the district and from Pokhodsk. It is located on the shores of Ambarchik Bay, part of the East Siberian Sea in the Arctic Ocean. The Kolyma River empties into the bay. Its population as of the 2002 Census was 0.
History.
There had been a lighthouse marking Ambarchik Bay for several centuries and it is now an historic monument. However, there used to be a few barns and other buildings present in the middle of the eighteenth century when Dmitry Laptev stayed in the village when scouting the coastline from the mouth of the Lena River to Cape Bolshoy Baranov.
The importance of the settlement changed in the 1930s when it became a site of a Soviet forced labor camp. As part of Dalstroy the settlement acted as a transit camp for political and criminal exiles before they were moved to various camps along the Kolyma region. The remnants of this system can still be seen in the surrounds of the settlement where the ruins of warehouses, barracks, and cells are to be found along with hundreds of yards of barbed wire surrounding the area. The prisoners awaiting dispersal here built the current port infrastructure, starting in 1932.
As well as being a transit camp for the Gulag system, when construction began on the facilities for processing and transporting exiles, a polar research and meteorological station was also constructed in the village, beginning in 1935. The village would then play a supporting role in the Russian exploration of the Arctic.
Ambarchik came under fire during World War II when it was attacked by German forces as part of Operation Wunderland. The local population only just had time to arm themselves as German troops attempted to disembark from a submarine, the shallow waters surrounding the port preventing enemy vessels approaching too closely.
Formerly the main port on the East Siberian Sea, it was navigable only during August and September. As a result of the shallow waters mentioned above, the usefulness of the settlement as a port was limited and shipping was gradually transferred to Chersky in the lower reaches of the Kolyma to accommodate larger vessels. As a result of this economic transfer, the port and settlement has been abandoned.
Alleged 1933–34 incident.
In an account by David Dallin and Boris Nicolaevsky in their 1947 book "Forced Labor in Soviet Russia", it was suggested that in the winter of 1933–34 the SS Dzhurma, ferrying 12,000 prisoners to Ambarchik, got trapped in the Arctic ice and was unable to move on until the spring. The story alleged that all prisoners died from frost and starvation with later versions indicating that surviving crew members may have resorted to cannibalism to survive. The story was propagated and widely accepted. If true, this would have been among the worst ship disasters of all time.
In his book "Stalin’s Slave Ships", Bollinger examined the evidence and found that the "Dzhurma" did not enter service in the Dalstroi until 1935 and was not big enough to hold 12,000 prisoners. Bollinger estimated that the ship, if overcrowded, would be able to hold up to 6,500 prisoners. In addition, there are no accounts that this ship, which was not strengthened for Arctic travel, made the journey north through the Bering Strait to Ambarchik. Thus the alleged event has been proven not to be true. He suggested this could possibly be the case of a mistaken identity involving the cargo ship "Khabarovsk" that, if it had been carrying passengers had already had opportunity to deposit them at Ambarchik, and was trapped by ice when returning from Ambarchik in the 1933–34 winter.

</doc>
<doc id="18688824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688824" title="Alan McIndoe">
Alan McIndoe

Alan McIndoe (born 14 May 1964) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s. A Queensland State of Origin and Australian international representative winger, he played club football in the New South Wales Rugby League premiership for the Illawarra Steelers, with whom he topped the League's try-scoring list in 1991, and the Penrith Panthers. On 4 October 2006 McIndoe was named on the wing in a 40 Year Panthers Legends Team. The same year he was named on the wing in the Illawarra Steelers' "Team of Steel".
Playing career.
Coming from Emerald, Queensland, McIndoe started playing first grade football for Illawarra in 1983. He made his debut for Queensland in the 1988 State of Origin series, scoring a try in game 1 and playing in all three matches. That year he also represented Australia against a 'Rest of the World' team. The following season McIndoe moved to Penrith and also played in all three matches of the 1989 State of Origin series, scoring in games 1 and 2. In the 1990 season he was, for the third consecutive year, selected for Queensland in all three games of the State of Origin before playing for the Panthers in their Grand Final loss to Canberra. He returned to Illawarra in the 1991 NSWRL season and that year took the club record for most tries in a match with 5 against the Gold Coast and went on to be the League's top try-scorer with 19. McIndoe played his final season with the Steelers in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18688831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688831" title="Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare">
Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare

Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ugo Tognazzi.
Plot.
The trickster Biagio, during the era of fascism in Italy, pretends Benito Mussolini's personal physician in order to obtain more money for himself. When is facing a wealthy family with whom he has a score to settle, do not hesitate to hack into the marital home comfortable creating fun adventures.

</doc>
<doc id="18688841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688841" title="Ukrainian National Committee">
Ukrainian National Committee

Ukrainian National Committee () was a Ukrainian political structure, created on March 17, 1945 in Weimar with the intention to release Ukrainian Nazi-sponsored military units from German command. After a series of negotiations, the authorities of the Third Reich officially acknowledged their recognition of the Committee as the sole and independent representation of Ukrainian nation, with the extraterritorial rights and the right to command the Ukrainian National Army under Ukrainian flag and national symbols.

</doc>
<doc id="18688850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688850" title="Instituto Normal Superior">
Instituto Normal Superior

The Instituto Normal Superior Adventista (INSA) is an institute in La Paz, Bolivia. It is part of the Universidad Adventista de Bolivia (UAB). The university was established on June 28, 1956, authorized by the Bolivian Ministry of Education.
It has 1513 professors; many of them work in different cities in the country. There is a branch of the university in Cochabamba. The 2006 examination of studies at the institute revealed that there are 1137 students studying at the institute. 

</doc>
<doc id="18688853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688853" title="Józef Żabiński">
Józef Żabiński

Józef Żabiński (1860 – 27 December 1928) was a Polish chess master and problemist.
Born in Warsaw (then in Russian Empire), he was educated in a high school gymnasium and graduated in Law Faculty at the Imperial University of Warsaw ("Императорский Варшавский Университет") in 1886.
Żabiński won the 2nd Warsaw City Chess Championship in 1883/84. He drew a mini-match with Simon Alapin (1 : 1) at Warsaw 1888.
In 1899, he became the first chairman of the Warsaw Association of the Followers of the Chess Game ("Warszawskie Towarzystwo Zwolenników Gry Szachowej"). After World War I, he was an organizer of chess tournaments in Poland. He was the first chairman of the Polish Chess Federation in 1926–1928.

</doc>
<doc id="18688859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688859" title="Sawah">
Sawah

"Sawah" () (meaning wanderer in Arabic) is a song by Egyptian pan-Arab singer Abdel Halim Hafez.
The song lyrics are short and of few sentences but repeated throughout the song, and are entirely in Egyptian Arabic.
Ishtar version.
Ishtar released an alternative version of the song. The release is known as Habibi (Sawah) and is performed by as a remix of the original Abdel Halim Hafez song.

</doc>
<doc id="18688874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688874" title="George Richard Herron">
George Richard Herron

George Richard Herron (1888–1967) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party.
Biography.
Herron was born in Pukerau in 1888. He worked as a blacksmith for five years, before farming for 33 years. He was associated with the Farmers Union, the breeding of Ayrshire cows and the Southland A & P Association.
He represented the Southland electorate of Awarua from 1944 until his retirement in 1957. Herron replaced James Hargest, who had been killed in World War II.
Herron died in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18688875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688875" title="Hercules in the Valley of Woe">
Hercules in the Valley of Woe

Hercules in the Valley of Woe (, also known as "Maciste Against Hercules in the Valley of Woe") is a 1961 Italian Franco and Ciccio comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Kirk Morris as Maciste and Frank Gordon as Hercules.
Plot.
In Milan, a major theater entrepreneur's going to put on a show period piece set in the era of mythological Greece. However, by a lucky accident, the company of actors and the entrepreneur himself are catapulted back in time just at the time of invincible warriors and heroes of Homer and Hesiod. Now we learn that the king Eurystheus need to drive to Hercules, the invincible hero, able to defeat his arch enemy Maciste, who wants to kidnap his girlfriend Deianira.

</doc>
<doc id="18688882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688882" title="Vladimir Timoshinin">
Vladimir Timoshinin

Vladimir Timoshinin (; born July 12, 1970 in Moscow) is a retired diver from Russia, who is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 10 m platform at the 1991 European Championships in Athens, Greece.
Timoshinin represented the Soviet Union at the 1988 Summer Olympics, and Russia at the 1996 Summer Olympics (Atlanta, Georgia). He was affiliated with the "Central Sport Klub Army" in Moscow during his career.

</doc>
<doc id="18688901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688901" title="Phylax Society">
Phylax Society

The Phylax Society was the first German Shepherd Dog club, formed with the intention of creating a standardized German dog breed.
Establishment.
Throughout Europe, unofficial groups had been operating to selectively breed dogs with profound qualities. While distinct breeds were being established they often differed dramatically, both in appearance and utility, across localities. As a result, in 1891 the Phylax Society (Phylax being Greek for "guardsman") was formed with the intention of creating a standardised German dog breed by hand-picking, from sheep dogs belonging to local German shepherds, those that displayed superior qualities than those of other dogs.
Disestablishment.
The official existence of the Phylax Society was short lived. Early in the group's history there was constant bickering regarding the desired traits of what would become the German Shepherd Dog. Some of the members felt aesthetics were not important in a dog breed, instead desiring that the dog be useful as a working breed, rather than having a pleasing look. Other members preferred that the dog be bred more for beauty with less of a focus on having a working breed. This argument was never settled and after numerous attempts to breed the German Shepherd dog failed by producing dogs with little to no utility, many of the members left; resulting in the Phylax Society disbanding in 1894, only four years after its establishment.
Post-Phylax Society.
Although the Phylax Society had disbanded, many former members continued in attempts to breed a dog with superior qualities. It was due to the original formation of the Phylax Society that Max von Stephanitz was inspired to form the Verein für Deutsche Schäferhunde (Society for the German Shepherd Dog) in 1899, which ultimately lead to the creation of the modern German Shepherd Dog breed.

</doc>
<doc id="18688934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688934" title="Appuntamento in Riviera">
Appuntamento in Riviera

Appuntamento in Riviera is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Tony Renis.
It contains the original hit song "Quando, Quando, Quando", performed by one of its writers, Tony Renis.

</doc>
<doc id="18688949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688949" title="Workin' Day and Night">
Workin' Day and Night

"Workin' Day and Night" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It is the third track from his fifth studio album, "Off the Wall" in 1979. The song was written and produced by Jackson. Despite not being released as a single, it has been played often on the radio and in films, becoming one of Jackson's most popular songs. Jackson also performed the song live. It is also featured on the video game, "". The song had been sampled by several artists. It was remixed and released on the remix/soundtrack album, "Immortal" in 2011.
Background.
"Workin' Day and Night" was written by Michael Jackson and recorded for his studio album - "Off the Wall" issued in August 1979. The song was not released as a single, but as the B-side for "Rock with You" in the USA, and B-side for "Off the Wall" in the UK. The song has a tempo of 128 beats per minute, making it one of Jackson's fastest songs.
Live performances.
"Workin' Day and Night" was performed by both of The Jacksons' tours, and two of Michael Jackson's first two world concert series tours as a solo artist.
The song was performed by The Jacksons' Triumph Tour in 1981 and Victory Tour in 1984. In Michael Jackson's solo tours, the song was performed live in Bad World Tour from 1987-1989, and first two legs of Dangerous World Tour in 1992.
A live version, recorded at one of The Jacksons' 1981 Madison Square Garden concerts, was released as a track for a live album "The Jacksons Live!". In 2001, the original demo recording of the song released as a bonus track on the expanded, special edition of "Off the Wall". The live performance video at Jackson's Dangerous World Tour in Bucharest, Romania on October 1, 1992, was featured on the DVD in his box-set "The Ultimate Collection" in 2004, and a live concert DVD ' in 2005. In 2012, a live audio and video version of the song performed during the Bad World Tour was released on the deluxe edition of "Bad 25" and the concert DVD "Live at Wembley July 16, 1988". The song was remixed and released on the soundtrack to Cirque du Soleil's ' - "Immortal" in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18688960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688960" title="Ray Barry">
Ray Barry

Ray Barry (born 1972) is a hurling goalkeeper who plays with Passage GAA at club level and formerly with Waterford GAA at inter-county level.
Hurling career.
Ray is considered as one of Waterford GAA's most skillful and entertaining goalkeeper from 1993 to 1997, he failed to hold place in the team after 1997 after a training ground incident with manager Gerald McCarthy, losing his place in goal to Ray Whity who was subsequently substituted in the opening championship fixture with Limerick by Brendan Landers. Ray was in goal for Waterfords All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship winning team in 1992.
Ray was invited back onto the Waterford panel in 2002. In a challenge match he did one of his trademark clearances where he cleared a ball after chipping it over the opposing full forwards head. Majestic as this piece of skill looked he suffered the wrath of Justin McCarthy afterwards who claimed that such play could lead to critical errors on the field. Ray never played again for Waterford, citing the fact that he was more of an entertainer than a goalkeeper.
In 2008 Ray Barry took Clongeen of Wexford to a county final which against all the odds, won. They then to contest the Leinster Junior Hurling Final, his team suffering an agonising defeat at the hands of a swarthy Tullagher-Rosbercon of Kilkenny.This team featured the likes of future All Ireland winners Walter Walsh and Paddy Hartley. . . 
Barry or as he is affectionately known by his fans "Lay Lay" continues to do Trojan work with the 'Geeners and this year they, in his second tenure there, are on the threshold of Intermediate County silverware.
At this moment in time "Lay Lay" is being touted as the next Waterford manager, a county holds its breath. . .
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18688961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688961" title="Ranunculus fluitans">
Ranunculus fluitans

Ranunculus fluitans (River water crowfoot) is a species of buttercup. It is a perennial and bushy in favourable conditions when it can grow to 6m height
A "Ranunculus fluitans community" or Ranunculion fluitantis defines a British plant community comprising stands of submerged vegetation dominated by clumps of Crowfoot

</doc>
<doc id="18688963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688963" title="Bob Morgan (diver)">
Bob Morgan (diver)

Robert ("Bob" or "Bobby") Morgan (born 27 March 1967 in Cardiff, Wales) is a retired diver from Great Britain, who is best known for winning a bronze and a silver medal in the men's 10 m platform at the European Championships in the early 1990s.
Morgan represented the United Kingdom at four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984 (Los Angeles, California); and at five consecutive Commonwealth Games, in 1982, 1986, 1990, 1994 and 1998, winning three medals—bronze, silver and gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18688968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688968" title="Mazatán, Chiapas">
Mazatán, Chiapas

Villa Mazatán ( is one of the 122 municipalities in the state of Chiapas. It has an area of 386.6 km ² and is located in the southwestern Mexican state. The population and housing census conducted by the INEGI in 2010 recorded a population of over 26.573 inhabitants, The name of this town comes from the union of two words in Nahuatl, Toltec, mass and so, the name given by the ancient olmecas.2 Evidence oldest known human presence in Mazatán are called traces chanchutos (fossil grain corn, pottery, house), which is credited with a history of more than 5000 years.3 Throughout history, the territory has had several Mazatec sedentary communities engaged in agriculture and fishing. During the Preclassic Mesoamerican ceremonial centers were established by various Mokaya, unicados in south and north of the town. The ceremonial center San Carlos, was an important ceremonial center, which was the cause of the disappearance of the ceremonial center of the maximum time the Paso de la Amada between 900 a. C. and 800 a. C. approx. At the time of the conquest Mazatán was in charge under the parish of Tuxtla Chico, after spending time as an annex of the municipality of Tapachula and appears under the patronage of the Virgin Margarita Concepcion. In independent Mexico Mazatán only a colony and became a municipality in Chiapas in 1942.
Compared to the rest of the municipalities of Chiapas, Mazatán presents less favorable socioeconomic indicators. Although, even neighbor second largest economy of the state of Chiapas, this is the main factor influencing the development of the municipality. The agricultural industry is more than other types of urban services and a significant number of people have that moved to another municipalities to meet their personal and professional needs. Infrastructure and urban services are less developed or are deficient, particularly in the case of drinking water distribution and drainage, which is one of the most important challenges for local governments. Overall, the township has a medium human development, but there are many contrasts inside. The marginalization of the neighborhoods in the outskirts of urban areas is much lower compared to the colonies in the municipal seat.
Like most border towns and border state of Chiapas, Mazatán received waves of immigration from Central America, mainly from Guatemala and El Salvador. This situation means that in crop fields display a higher number of undocumented workers of Mexican workers.
Toponymy.
The name Mazatán comes from pre-Hispanic origin derived from the Nahuatl «-Toltec and means place of many deer » Mazat "deer" as "earth" or "place") ..
its origin dates from the arrival of the Olmec fishermen, (becoming culture Mokaya which gives rise to culture Mayan) seeking a place of work and commerce, inundacionnes free allowing them to carry out their agricultural activities without any problems.
In 1526 becomes part of the Royal Order, in 1628 became part of the parish of Tuxtla Chico and in 1774 became part annexed to Tapachula; in 1942 by governor decerto rises to the level of range municipality.
Government.
Mazatán is a Municipality representative and democratic, consists of 2 urban and 139 rural free and sovereign.

</doc>
<doc id="18688977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688977" title="Ali Rıfat Çağatay">
Ali Rıfat Çağatay

Ali Rıfat Çağatay (1867 – 1935) was a Turkish composer, oud virtuoso and academic, who served as the founding president of the "Türk Musikisi Ocağı" (The Institute for Turkish Music) and the long-term president of the "Şark Musiki Cemiyeti" (The Society for Eastern Music). 
He was noted for his efforts to harmonize Classical Turkish Music with elements of western musical heritage, his vocal abilities, as well as his talents on the oud, the violoncello, the tanbur, and the kemenche.
Notable works include the original musical arrangement for the Turkish National Anthem, used between 1924-1930 until the acceptance of the new composition by Osman Zeki Üngör, as well as other national favorites.
Biography.
Born in İstanbul in 1867, Çağatay was the eldest of four sons, born to a family of musicians, poets, writers, soldiers and medium-rank government employees.
He had three sons from his second wife, the eldest of which, Ali Cafer Çağatay, was a notable soccer player for Fenerbahçe.
Çağatay died on March 3, 1935 in İstanbul.

</doc>
<doc id="18688986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688986" title="5 marines per 100 ragazze">
5 marines per 100 ragazze

5 marines per 100 ragazze is a 1962 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Virna Lisi.

</doc>
<doc id="18688988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688988" title="Metapa, Chiapas">
Metapa, Chiapas

Metapa (Metapa de Domínguez) is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 4,794. It covers an area of 101.8 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18688992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688992" title="Niam Kuchi">
Niam Kuchi

Naim Kochi is a citizen of Afghanistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 931
Joint Task Force Guantanamo estimate that he was born in 1940 in
Logar, Afghanistan.
Kochi is a senior tribal leader within Afghanistan's Kuchis ethnic group.
He got very famous during the afghan war against soviets, emerging as a grand commander.
During former President Burhanuddin Rabbani's government (1992–1996), Naim Kochi became Deputy Minister for Tribal Affairs.
He also became the governor of Bamiyan province during Taliban's regime.
The "Edmonton Sun" described him as the Kuchis' "best known leader".
Release.
According to medical records published on March 15, 2007, Kuchi's "in-process date" was March 23, 2003.
Those records he was 69 inches tall, and his weight ranged from 175 pounds when he arrive to 185 pounds. Nine weights were recorded, his weight upon his arrival in March 2003, and a monthly weigh-in from January to August 2004.
Naim Kochi was repatriated on 18 September 2004, seven weeks after the Office for the Administrative Review of Detained Enemy Combatants began convening Combatant Status Review Tribunal, but no CSR Tribunal was convened to review his status.
Dawd Gul, one of the other nine Afghan captives repatriated that day, had had a CSR Tribunal, prior to his repatriation.
Some afghans specialists say, that the reasons Kochi had been in detention at Guantanamo, concern more with the accusations related to tribal rivalries during the arrival of NATO forces, than to any links with extremism.
McClatchy interview.
On June 15, 2008 the McClatchy News Service published articles based on interviews with 66 former Guantanamo captives. McClatchy reporters interviewed Naim Kochi.
He declined—twice—to be interviewed by McClatchy reporters. When reporters showed up at his house, without invitation, he told reporters that he got depressed after speaking about Guantanamo. He also told them he suffered from headaches and hypertension, arising from the conditions of his detention.
The McClatchy report states that other sources told them that Naim Kochi was a senior leader in the Ahmadzai tribe, which is known as the biggest pashtun tribe. Thus, many afghans consider him as the most influential and legitimate afghan leader.
Since his repatriation Naim Kochi has worked with national peace and reconciliation office.
The McClatchy report states that when Americans apprehended him on January 1, 2003 hundreds of members of his tribe came to Kabul to protest. The USA has offered no explanation for his apprehension.

</doc>
<doc id="18688999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18688999" title="1996–97 Slovenian Cup">
1996–97 Slovenian Cup


</doc>
<doc id="18689007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689007" title="Nicolás Ruíz">
Nicolás Ruíz

Nicolás Ruíz is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,135, with 3015 in the municipal seat. 
It covers an area of 137 km².
The settlement was originally known as San Diego de la Reforma; it acquired its present name on 14 February 1934 to honour 19th-century Governor of Chiapas Nicolás Ruiz. 

</doc>
<doc id="18689033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689033" title="Obiettivo ragazze">
Obiettivo ragazze

Obiettivo ragazze is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring the comic duo Franco Franchi and Ciccio Ingrassia.

</doc>
<doc id="18689039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689039" title="Osumacinta">
Osumacinta

Osumacinta is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 3,132. It covers an area of 221.1 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18689046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689046" title="Aaron's Party (Come Get It) (song)">
Aaron's Party (Come Get It) (song)

"Aaron's Party (Come Get It)" is the first single from Aaron Carter's second debut album, "Aaron's Party (Come Get It)". To date, it's his most successful single in the United States, reaching #35 on the "Hot 100", becoming his only Top 40 hit. It was also featured on the 2000 compilation album "Now That's What I Call Music! 5". The song is featured in the European Dancing Stage EuroMix 2 arcade. 
Music video.
A music video was produced to promote the single, enacting the party scene of the song. The video shows Carter dancing in a house party with his friends while his parents are out on a honeymoon date. Everything goes really well until his parents come home and find out that Aaron threw a party while they were gone and then got grounded after that.
Track listings.
US single
UK single [http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B000050F4T]

</doc>
<doc id="18689049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689049" title="Simrad Yachting">
Simrad Yachting

Simrad Yachting is a manufacturer of marine electronics for the leisure and professional markets. A member of the Navico family of brands, Simrad Yachting develops, manufactures and distributes navigation systems, autopilots, marine VHF radios, chartplotters, echosounders, radars, fishfinders and a wide range of other marine technology.
History.
The Simrad name has been in existence for over sixty years. The brand was established in 1947 by Willy Christian Simonsen, who set up his own wireless company called Simonsen Radio. Initially he focused on the production of radio communications for fishing vessels but a few years later coined the name Simrad to encompass a wider range of activities – namely the design and manufacture of navigation, communication, auto-steering and fish-finding technologies.
In 1996 the Simrad Group was purchased by the Kongsberg Group which, following a decision to focus on the industrial market, sold on the Simrad recreational product range to Altor Equity Partners in 2005, creating Simrad Yachting. Simrad Group and Simrad Yachting are therefore now entirely independent of each other, with separate owners and distinct product specialisations. It was the merger of Simrad Yachting and Lowrance Inc in 2006 that went on to create the Navico Group, now the largest leisure marine electronics manufacturer in the world.
Product range.
Simrad Yachting produces a range of navigation instruments designed to withstand challenging conditions and provide navigation solutions for both leisure boaters (via the Simrad Yachting range) and coastal mariners (via the Simrad Professional range). In 2008 the company absorbed MX Marine – acquired as a result of the takeover by Navico of the marine electronics division of Brunswick New Technologies Inc in 2007 – into its Simrad Professional line-up, further extending its position in the commercial GPS and DGPS sector.

</doc>
<doc id="18689055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689055" title="Oxchuc">
Oxchuc

Oxchuc is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 33,780. It covers an area of 72 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18689064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689064" title="Ranunculetum fluitantis">
Ranunculetum fluitantis

Ranunculetum fluitantis is one of the 24 Aquatic plant communities (A18) included in the British National Vegetation Classification (NVC).
The vegetation type or community comprises stands of submerged vegetation dominated by clumps of River water crowfoot. Few other plants are found with any frequency among the denser stands but there can be "Myriophyllum"; "Potamogeton perfoliatus" and patches of moss on submerged stones. 

</doc>
<doc id="18689077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689077" title="Pantepec, Chiapas">
Pantepec, Chiapas

Pantepec is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico. The Chiapas Zoque language is spoken in this municipality.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 8,566 . It covers an area of 47.2 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18689085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689085" title="Corpse for the Lady">
Corpse for the Lady

Corpse for the Lady () is a 1964 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Sylva Koscina.

</doc>
<doc id="18689088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689088" title="Westworld (disambiguation)">
Westworld (disambiguation)

Westworld is a 1973 science fiction film by Michael Crichton.
Westworld may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18689093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689093" title="Sabanilla">
Sabanilla

Sabanilla is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 21,156. It covers an area of 171.4 km².
History.
Sabanilla was founded in 1771 by 150 migrants from the surrounding villages of Moyos and Tila. They sent a letter to the Spanish King, Carlos III, signed by the only literate person, Matheo Diaz. The priest of Moyos approved the foundation of the settlement.
References.
Boletin del Archivo Histórico Diocesano. Vol 6, Septiembre 1997. San Cristóbal de las Casas.

</doc>
<doc id="18689096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689096" title="Linzgau">
Linzgau

Linzgau is a region in southern Germany in the state of Baden-Württemberg north of Lake Constance and south of the Danube valley. It is bounded by Lake Constance on the south, the Hegau on the west, the Danube valley on the north, and the Schussen River on the east.
It reaches west as far as Überlingen and north as far as Pfullendorf.
History.
The name derives from a Celtic name "Lentia" for what is now known as the Linzer Aach river.
Prehistoric times.
The best-known remains of prehistoric human habitation in the region are the neolithic and bronze age pile dwellings on the shores of Lake Constance, of which some examples are reconstructed at Unteruhldingen. Similar neolithic structures have also been found in a peat bog near Ruhestetten in the municipality of Wald.
From the late Hallstatt culture on, the population can be regarded as Celts. Burial mounds have been discovered at Hödingen, Salem, and Stetten.
Roman times.
From the first century BC to the third century AD, the area was part of the Roman Empire. Roman settlements existed at Bambergen, Meersburg, and Mettenbuch in the municipality of Ostrach.
After the Roman withdrawal beyond the Rhine, Germanic tribes settled in the area. The original Celtic name of the stream gave its name to an Alamannic tribe, the Lentienses mentioned in the fourth century AD by the Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus.
Middle Ages.
As part of Alemannia, Linzgau was acquired by the Frankish Empire in the 6th century, becoming part of the Duchy of Swabia in the 10th.
In 1135, the counts of Heiligenberg received the county of Linzgau. From them, it passed to the Count of Werdenberg in 1277, and later to the Count of Fürstenberg in 1535. The area was then mostly called the "County of Heiligenberg".
Modern times.
In the eary 19th century, under the rule of Napoleon, the Linzgau was assigned to the Grand Duchy of Baden, so the name became synonymous with the district of Überlingen. Today, the area encompasses the districts of Bodensee and Sigmaringen.
Linzgau today.
Today, the only official use for the term "Linzgau" is the Catholic deanery. However, it is regaining popularity, as shown by the naming of the new shopping center in Pfullendorf the "Linzgau-Center" or the slogan of Markdorf: "Heart of the Linzgau".
The regional tourist association also calls itself Bodensee-Linzgau Tourismus e.V.
Landscape.
The southern part of the Linzgau lies on the banks of Lake Constance and has a milder climate, which lends itself to fruit orchards and vineyards. The landscape is rolling, but fairly flat, with occasional drumlins caused by deposits from the retreating Rhine Glacier in the last ice age.
The northern part (or upper Linzgau) has a more rugged climate and rises to as high as 833 m. It is characterized by glacial moraines, with occasional swamps and small lakes, especially in the northeast. Agriculture is largely dedicated to grain.
Most of the Linzgau is still rural, with the most heavily populated areas along the shores of Lake Constance. The largest cities are Überlingen, Pfullendorf, and Markdorf.
Transport.
The national highways 31 and 33, which run from east to west along Lake Constance are the only major highways through the region.
A car ferry runs from Meersburg across the arm of Lake Constance called the "Überlinger See" to connect with Constance.
References.
"Based on the article in the German Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="18689097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689097" title="Rolf Krüsmann">
Rolf Krüsmann

Rolf Krüsmann (born 6 October 1941 in Münster) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
At the 1966 European Championships he won a silver medal in 4 x 400 metres relay, together with teammates Friedrich Roderfeld, Jens Ulbricht and Manfred Kinder. Krüsmann also competed in the individual distance, and finished fifth.
At the 1972 European Indoor Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 360 metres relay, together with Peter Bernreuther, Georg Nückles and Ulrich Reich.
In domestic competitions, Wellmann represented the sports club VfL 1848 Bochum. He won the bronze medal at the 1966 West German championships and the silver medal at the 1967 West German indoor championships.
After retiring he became a coach. He was German 400 metres trainer from 1990 to 1996; during this period the 4 x 400 metres relay team finished third at the 1993 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18689112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689112" title="C.M. Poonacha">
C.M. Poonacha

Cheppudira Muthana Poonacha usually referred to as C. M. Poonacha, a descendant of the Coorg Dewans, was a member of the Indian National Congress party in Coorg. During the Freedom Movement he was sentenced to imprisonment twice during the Salt Satyagraha in 1932 and 1933. He was again imprisoned in 1940–41. and in 1942–44. He became a member of All-India Congress Committee in 1938. Also, in 1938 he was elected to Coorg District Board, became its President in 1941 and in 1945 he was elected to Coorg Legislative Council. From 1945 to 1951 he was leader of the Congress Legislative Party in the Council. In 1947 Coorg was a separate state in South India. The other states of South India at that time were Bombay Presidency, Madras Presidency, Mysore kingdom, Travancore kingdom, Cochin kingdom and Hyderabad kingdom. Poonacha was elected Chief Minister of Coorg State (1952–56) in the first general elections. Coorg had two MPs in the Union Parliament then, besides having a state legislative body.[http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:hX6yoyXHJh4J:www.hindu.com/2008/04/29/stories/2008042958480300.htm+C+M+Poonacha&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=10]
In 1956 the State Reorganisation Act was passed. Coorg was merged with Mysore and the legislative body at Mercara dissolved.He was elected to the Rajya Sabha in April 1964. Later Poonacha was made Union Minister without portfolio and later the Railway Union Minister [http://www.irfca.org/docs/railway-ministers.html] both times he was in Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru's cabinet. Afterwards he served two terms as Governor,once of Odisha (Governors of Odisha) and another time of Madhya Pradesh (Governors of Madhya Pradesh). Two of C M Poonacha's children, C P Belliappa and Kaveri Nambisan, are well-known writers in English.

</doc>
<doc id="18689117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689117" title="The Roaring Sixties">
The Roaring Sixties

The Roaring Sixties were a UK band, an early incarnation of Family. Their members included Ric Grech, Jim King, Roger Chapman and John "Charlie" Whitney, who all joined Family, plus Harry Ovenall on drums. They split up in 1966, becoming Family the next year with Whitney, Chapman, King and Grech being joined by Rob Townsend.

</doc>
<doc id="18689121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689121" title="Pueblo Nuevo Solistahuacán">
Pueblo Nuevo Solistahuacán

Pueblo Nuevo Solistahuacán is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 24,405. It covers an area of 419.8 km².
Pueblo Nuevo is also the home of Universidad Linda Vista, a private university affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church.

</doc>
<doc id="18689123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689123" title="Kohring">
Kohring

Kohring was originally a German surname.

</doc>
<doc id="18689134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689134" title="For a Few Dollars Less">
For a Few Dollars Less

For a Few Dollars Less () is a 1966 Italian comedy film parody of "For a Few Dollars More" directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Lando Buzzanca. It was Mattoli's final film.

</doc>
<doc id="18689139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689139" title="Santiago el Pinar">
Santiago el Pinar

Santiago el Pinar is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 2,174. It covers an area of 17.76 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18689145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689145" title="Irina Lashko">
Irina Lashko

Irina Lashko (; born 25 January 1973 in Samara) is a Russian diver, who after her marriage with an Australian became known as Irina Furler.
Lashko competed in four Summer Olympics, and represented four different countries: Soviet Union (1988), Unified Team (1992), Russia (1996) and Australia (2004). She won a total number of three Olympic medals, two silver and one bronze. Lashko was affiliated with the Melam Diving Club.

</doc>
<doc id="18689152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689152" title="Old Gold on Broadway">
Old Gold on Broadway

Old Gold on Broadway was a 1927-28 radio series which broadcast live from inside New York theaters, sponsored by Old Gold Cigarettes. It began in October 1927.
In one of the earliest programs, an excerpt from the "Ziegfeld Follies" with Eddie Cantor was heard directly from the stage of the New Amsterdam Theatre. The program featured a "welcome home" to New York City's Mayor, James J. Walker. It aired on WEAF and four other stations.
The following month, the entire second act of "My Princess" was broadcast from the stage of the Shubert Theater, and the second act of the Shubert production of "The Love Call" was broadcast in November 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="18689154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689154" title="Brading Marshes to St. Helen's Ledges SSSI">
Brading Marshes to St. Helen's Ledges SSSI

Brading Marshes to St. Helen's Ledges is a 488.5 hectare Site of special scientific interest which stretches from Brading along the Yar valley between Bembridge and St Helens, Isle of Wight through to the sea at Priory Bay on the north east coast of the Isle of Wight. It encompasses the Brading Marshes RSPB reserve, Bembridge harbour and the inter tidal sand, mud flats and rocky ledges exposed off the coast at low water, including the land around St Helens Fort which is not attached to the mainland. It is the second largest SSSI on the Isle of Wight. The site was notified in 1951 for both its biological and geological features.

</doc>
<doc id="18689180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689180" title="Lilla Jönssonligan på styva linan">
Lilla Jönssonligan på styva linan

Lilla Jönssonligan på styva linan is the second film in the Swedish "Lilla Jönssonligan" film series. It was released on November 28, 1997, in Sweden and was directed by Christjan Wegner.
The film has been shown several times on the Swedish television channels SVT1, TV3 and TV4. It was released in Germany on September 14, 2000, as " 'Die Jönnson Bande: Charles Ingvars neuer Plan".
Plot.
It's in the middle of the summer. Sickan, Ragnar and Dynamit- Harry, or the "Jönsson League" as they call themselves, has nothing to do until the circus comes to town. Sickan quickly thinks out a plan on how they're going to get tickets. However, after they've got their hands on the tickets, the three friends arch enemy, Junior Wall- Enberg, son of the city's mayor Vigor Wall- Enberg, steals the tickets. 
The Jönsson League goes to Junior's house during night to get the tickets back, but they're not the only ones sneaking around the mayor's house. Three members of the circus, the human cannonball, the sword swallower, and the clown, are actually criminals and are at the house to steal the families paintings. The police arrives to the house after an alarm is triggered, and they find The Jönsson League hiding, while the circus members escape with the paintings. The Jönsson League becomes the main suspect of the stolen paintings, so they dress up as girls and go to the circus to get the paintings back.

</doc>
<doc id="18689192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689192" title="STANAG 4626">
STANAG 4626

"STANAG 4626" is a NATO standard which define a set of Open Architecture Standards for Avionics Architecture, particularly in the field of Integrated Modular Avionics. The purpose of this standard is to establish uniform requirements for the architecture for
Integrated Modular Avionics (IMA) systems as defined by the ASAAC program.
History.
This STANAG was proposed by the UK Ministry of Defence, and originated from the ASAAC effort. As for ASAAC, many major European Avionics companies participate in its definition, such as:

</doc>
<doc id="18689211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689211" title="Wieferich's theorem">
Wieferich's theorem

Wieferich's theorem may refer to one of the following results named after Arthur Wieferich:

</doc>
<doc id="18689220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689220" title="Lionel Ovesey">
Lionel Ovesey

Lionel Ovesey (15 April 1915 – 21 May 1995) was an American psychoanalyst.
Biography.
Ovesey was born in Manchuria of Ukrainian parents, who took him to the United States. He grew up in Los Angeles, and graduated from the University of California in 1937 and the University of California Medical School in 1941. He interned at the Los Angeles County General Hospital, and spent four years in the United States Army. With Abram Kardiner, Ovesey wrote "The Mark of Oppression: A Psychosocial Study of the American Negro". Published in 1951, it became a landmark study of the effect of contemporary culture on the black middle class. His wife was advertising executive Regina Ovesey.
Ovesey has been grouped with Irving Bieber and Charles Socarides as the main representatives of the U.S. psychoanalytical current that has been active in promoting analytical methods to revert homosexuality. His notion of pseudohomosexuality was one of the important developments that followed the Kinsey Report of 1948. Ovesey is also known for developing a taxonomy of male-to-female transsexual sexuality with Ethel Person, based on the developmental model of Margaret Mahler. Ovesey's model emphasized the child's separation-individuation anxiety producing a fantasy of symbiotic fusion with the mother which the transsexual tries to resolve by surgically becoming his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="18689226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689226" title="Beeston (surname)">
Beeston (surname)

Beeston is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18689231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689231" title="Muhammad II ibn al-Husayn">
Muhammad II ibn al-Husayn

Muhammad II ibn al-Husayn (Le Bardo, 18 September 1811 – 20 September 1859, La Marsa) (, ) was the eleventh leader of the Husainid Dynasty and the ruler of Tunisia from 1855 until his death in 1859.
He was the son of Al-Husayn II ibn Mahmud and his second wife Lalla Fatima al-Munastiri. In 1855, he succeeded the title on the death of his cousin Ahmed I Bey.

</doc>
<doc id="18689236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689236" title="Iran football award winners">
Iran football award winners

There are two major yearly awards in Iranian football. firstly Football Iran News & Events organized Iran Golden ball in 2002–03 season. After that the award was not held until 2006–07. At the end of 2007–08, Iran football federation organized an award selecting best Iranian footballers after Football Iran News & Events.
Golden Ball award.
Football Iran News & Events organizes this award. Award winners are voted by Coaches, club chairmen, club directors and Sports journalist and reportes.
IRIFF award.
This award is organized by Iran football federation and includes the best Iranian footballers in each field.
Men's Football.
Referee of the year.
Referee of the year award is directly selected by IRIFF referees committee.

</doc>
<doc id="18689239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689239" title="Kallang Ground">
Kallang Ground

The Kallang Ground is a cricket ground in Singapore. The ground played host to nine One-Day Internationals in 1999 and 2000, and is a regular home ground for the Singapore national cricket team. It also hosted matches in the 1999 Youth Asia Cup, the Tuanku Ja'afar Cup in 2000 and 2004, and the 2002 ACC Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18689241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689241" title="2008 Teen Choice Awards">
2008 Teen Choice Awards

The 2008 Teen Choice Awards were held on August 4, 2008 at the Gibson Amphitheatre, Universal City, California. The event was hosted by Miley Cyrus, who also performed. 

</doc>
<doc id="18689260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689260" title="Peter Bernreuther">
Peter Bernreuther

Peter Bernreuther (born 26 December 1946) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
Biography.
At the 1968 European Indoor Games he won a silver medal in the 4 x 364 metres relay, together with Horst Daverkausen, Ingo Röper and Martin Jellinghaus. At the 1972 European Indoor Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 360 metres relay, together with Rolf Krüsmann, Georg Nückles and Ulrich Reich.
In domestic competitions, Wellmann represented the sports clubs SB DJK Würzburg and later TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen. He became West German indoor champion in 1969 and 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18689265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689265" title="1990–91 Serie B">
1990–91 Serie B

This article contains information on the 1990-1991 season of Serie B, the second highest football league in Italy.
Relegation tie-breaker.
Salernitana relegated to Serie C1.

</doc>
<doc id="18689268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689268" title="Grasshopper (car)">
Grasshopper (car)

The Grasshopper is a children's Lotus Seven type car. It is a smaller version of the Locust Seven kit car. It is built using the same methods as the full size version with the body tub built from plywood or MDF (Medium Density Fibreboard). 
The car is available fully built or can be home built using a set of full size plans and instructions. All the running gear, (axles, steering wheel etc.), the GRP (wings & nosecone) and everything else you would need to make up the complete kit can be supplied by the manufacturer. The parts are available as a complete kit or each item can be obtained individually as and when needed. Many of the parts required can be sourced from general D.I.Y. or hardware stores, therefore cutting the cost of the build. The Build Manual gives instructions on how to manufacture some of the parts.
Using full size plans the body tub is cut from the sheet of wood/MDF and then skinned with thin Aluminium sheet. If MDF is used it can be painted without skinning. The whole car requires just one 8’ x 4’ sheet which is available from most DIY stores. Like the Locust and Hornet the fibreglass nose cone and wings and windscreen will normally need to be obtained from the manufacturer. The engines used are usually a 200 watt MOTR electric motor powered by a sealed car battery giving a forward and reverse gear. Like the Locust and Hornet cars have been built with many variations often utilising a petrol lawn mower engine. 
The kit car is manufactured by BWE.

</doc>
<doc id="18689281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689281" title="Q-Max">
Q-Max

Q-Max is a type of ship, specifically a membrane type liquefied natural gas carrier. In the name Q-Max, "Q" stands for Qatar and "Max" for the maximum size of ship able to dock at the LNG terminals in Qatar. Ships of this type are the largest LNG carriers in the world.
Technical description.
A ship of Q-Max size is long and measures wide and high, with a draft of approximately .
It has an LNG capacity of , equal to of natural gas. It is propelled by two slow speed diesel engines, which are claimed to be more efficient and environmentally friendly than traditional steam turbines.
Q-Max vessels are equipped with an on-board re-liquefaction system to handle the boil-off gas, liquefy it and return the LNG to the cargo tanks. The on-board re-liquefaction system allows a reduction of LNG losses, which produces economic and environmental benefits.
Overall, it is estimated that Q-Max carriers have about 40% lower energy requirements and carbon emissions than conventional LNG carriers. The quoted estimates do however ignore the additional fuel used to re-liquify boil off gas rather than burn the gas for fuel. The ships can be converted to use the boil-off gas but as of February 2013 none have yet been converted.
Contractors.
Q-Max LNG carriers were ordered in 2005. They are to be built by Samsung Heavy Industries and Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering. The installed Boil Off Gas re-liquefaction system (Ecorel) is developed and delivered by Cryostar, and approved and certified by Lloyds Register.
Ships.
The first Q-Max LNG carrier was floated out of dry-dock in November 2007. The naming ceremony was held on 11 July 2008 at Samsung Heavy Industries' shipyard on Geoje Island, South Korea. Known before its naming ceremony as Hull 1675, the ship was named "Mozah" by Her Highness Sheikha Mozah Nasser al-Misnad. "Mozah" was delivered on 29 September 2008. It is classed by Lloyd's Register. The first trip by a Q-Max tanker was completed by "Mozah" itself on 11 January 2009, when the tanker delivered 266,000 cubic metres of LNG to the Port of Bilbao BBG Terminal. Days before, the vessel had transited the Suez Canal for the first time.
Q-Max LNG carriers are operated by the Qatar Gas Transport Company (Nakilat) and they are chartered to Qatar's LNG producers Qatargas and RasGas. In total, contracts have been signed for the construction of 14 Q-Max vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="18689284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689284" title="Leonard Lyons">
Leonard Lyons

Leonard Lyons (born Leonard Sucher; 10 September 1906, New York City; died 7 October 1976, New York City) was an American newspaper columnist.
Leonard Sucher grew up in a large family of Jewish immigrants from the town of Horodenka in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. His father Moses, a tailor, died when he was six. His mother sold cigarettes and candy on the Lower East Side. He graduated from the High School of Commerce, where his classmates included Lou Gehrig. He graduated from the City College of New York and was in the first class of graduates from St. John's University School of Law. He was admitted to the New York State bar in 1929, and practiced law for five years.
As a side activity, Leonard Sucher began a weekly column for the English-language page of the "Jewish Daily Forward", called "East of Broadway". He applied for a post as a Broadway columnist with the "New York Post", and won the job. The editor of the "Post" gave Sucher an alternative last name, Lyons, for professional use, and thus he became "Leonard Lyons", an alliterative name reminiscent of Walter Winchell, another noted newspaper columnist of the day. Lyons' first column appeared May 20, 1934, under the banner of "The Lyons Den", a name devised by Walter Winchell. Lyons worked on "The Lyons Den" 6 days per week, producing as many columns per week, covering theater, movies, politics and art, a total of approximately 12,000 columns. He was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. Carl Sandburg once said of Lyons:
"Imagine how much richer American history would have been had there been a Leonard Lyons in Lincoln's time.."
He travelled the world and sent back daily columns, sometimes giving his column to New York-bound travelers with a request they contact the paper upon arrival. He avoided writing about scandal in his column, and thus earned the trust of the many figures he met. One characterisation of his column was as follows:
"Lyons...never breaks a confidence, and except for a few personal feuds, notably with Walter Winchell and Bennett Cerf, never spits venom in his column.
The column became a New York institution, and was syndicated nationally first by King Features Syndicate. In 1941, the McNaught Syndicate took over syndication of the column. Lyons received an honorary degree from Wilberforce University and was a Pulitzer Prize nominee.
By 1974, the circulation of "The Lyons Den" had diminished to 18 columns, and Lyons retired with his last column on the exact 40th anniversary of the column, 20 May 1974. New York Mayor John V. Lindsay invited him to City Hall and presented him with a medal and a proclamation honoring him. On the 100th anniversary of his birth, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg issued another proclamation in his name.
Lyons and his wife Sylvia were married in November 1934. Their marriage lasted until Lyons' death, and produced four sons: George, a stock broker, Warren, a theatrical producer and singing coach, Jeffrey, a film and theatre critic, and Douglas, a criminal defense attorney. Leonard Lyons' grandson and Jeffrey Lyons' son is the television personality Ben Lyons. Both Jeffrey Lyons and Ben Lyons have continued to use the name "The Lyons Den" in their respective media outlets for their work.

</doc>
<doc id="18689288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689288" title="Georg Nückles">
Georg Nückles

Georg Nückles (born May 14, 1948) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
At the 1972 European Indoor Championships he won the gold medal in the 400 metres race. He also won a silver medal in the 4 x 360 metres relay, together with Peter Bernreuther, Rolf Krüsmann and Ulrich Reich.
In domestic competitions, Nückles represented the sports club Kehler FV. He became West German indoor champion in 1972 and 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18689293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689293" title="Sacrament Tour">
Sacrament Tour

The Sacrament World Tour was a concert tour by American metal band Lamb of God. It was in support of the band's 5th studio album "Sacrament". It was the biggest tour the band has done to date; and their new DVD, "Walk with Me in Hell", which was released on July 1, 2008, contains a documentary and live footage from the World Tour.
History.
After touring extensively in 2004 and 2005 for their album Ashes of the Wake, Lamb of God took some time off in late 2005, early 2006 to write material for the their new record. In June and July 2006, Lamb of God took some time out of the studio to perform in Mastodon, Children of Bodom, and Thine Eyes Bleed. After the tour, the band went back into the studio to complete their new album.
In August 2006 Lamb of God released its fifth studio album, "Sacrament". The album debuted at number eight on the "Billboard" 200 and sold nearly 65,000 copies in its first week of sales, nearly doubling the first week sales of "Ashes of the Wake". The album received generally positive reviews, with Cosmo Lee of "Stylus Magazine" stating, ""Sacrament" has the band's most memorable songs to date. Musically, there's no fat. The band plays with laser precision and songs move smoothly through riffs and transitions." Ed Thompson of IGN referred to "Sacrament" "one of the best metal albums of 2006", and Jon Pareles of "Blender" called it a "speed rush all the way through". After the release, Lamb of God took part in the 2006 Gigantour, supporting Megadeth, then continued to tour in Japan, Australia, Europe (as part of The Unholy Alliance European Tour.
In 2007, the band did a headlining tour of the United States and Canada and then returned to Australia and Japan for a "headlining" tour. This tour also took them to Auckland, New Zealand for the first time. The band went on to play major European Festivals in the summer including Rock am Ring and Rock im Park and Download Festival.
Lamb of God returned home in July to co-headline Ozzfest with Ozzy Osbourne. The band went on to play in England and Scotland supporting Heaven and Hell and then back the US for a headlining tour.
"Walk with Me In Hell" DVD.
On July 1, 2008, Lamb of God released their new DVD; "Walk with Me in Hell". The DVD is a double-disc and has nearly five hours of footage. It contains the feature documentary "Walk with Me in Hell" and multiple live performance extras from across the globe on the Sacrament World Tour. As well as the additional full-length feature “Making of "Sacrament"” plus Lamb of God’s entire performance at the 2007 Download Festival, where they performed in front of over 72,000 fans. Extras include deleted scenes, live performance videos for various tour stops, the official music video for “Redneck”, and a “Making of ‘Redneck’” documentary.

</doc>
<doc id="18689309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689309" title="John Astor (disambiguation)">
John Astor (disambiguation)

John Astor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18689313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689313" title="Ulrich Reich">
Ulrich Reich

Ulrich Reich (born 10 May 1951) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
As a teenager he won the silver medal at the 1970 European Junior Championships.
At the 1972 European Indoor Championships he won the silver medal in the 400 metres race. He also won a silver medal in the 4 x 360 metres relay, together with Peter Bernreuther, Rolf Krüsmann and Georg Nückles. He repeated the relay silver in 1973, this time with new teammates: Falko Geiger, Karl Honz and Hermann Köhler.
In domestic competitions, he represented the sports club TSV Bayer 04 Leverkusen. He won the silver medal at the 1972 West German indoor championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18689321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689321" title="Mazhukeer">
Mazhukeer

Mazhukeer is a village that lies in the Alappuzha district of Kerala in India. This village begins from "Thondra bridge", which connects Pathanamthitta district and allapuzha district and lies up to a church near Kallissery junction. The "Varattar" river is the eastern boundary of Mazhukeer. Mazhukeer is divided into "Mel Mazukeer" (Upper Mazhukeer) and "Keez Mazukeer" (Lower Mazhukeer).

</doc>
<doc id="18689323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689323" title="Stadelheim">
Stadelheim


</doc>
<doc id="18689324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689324" title="Falko Geiger">
Falko Geiger

Falko Geiger (born 26 March 1949) is a retired West German sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.
At the 1973 European Indoor Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 360 metres relay, together with Karl Honz, Ulrich Reich and Hermann Köhler.
In domestic competitions, he represented the sports club Stuttgarter Kickers. He won the silver medal at the 1974 West German indoor championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18689339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689339" title="Brian Flannery">
Brian Flannery

Brian Flannery (born 1974) is an Irish hurler who presently plays with Mount Sion GAA at club level and formerly with Waterford at inter-county level. 
Brian is originally from the North Tipperary village of Puckane but moved to Waterford in 1996 and started to play for Mount Sion GAA. Brian originally played with his local team, Kildangan GAA in County Tipperary.
As well as having represented Waterford GAA at Senior Inter-County level, Brian also represented his home county of Tipperary at Minor and Under-21 level having won the All-Ireland Under 21 Hurling Championship with them in 1995.
Brian's main achievement with Waterford GAA was winning the Munster Senior Hurling Championship in 2002.
Championship Appearances.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18689346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689346" title="Yelena Miroshina">
Yelena Miroshina

Yelena Miroshina (; b. June 5, 1974 in Moscow – d. December 18, 1995 in Moscow)[http://www.sports-reference.com/olympics/athletes/mi/yelena-miroshina-1.html] was a female diver from Russia, best known for twice winning the gold medal at the European Championships in the women's 10 m platform.
Miroshina competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics, and represented two different countries: the Soviet Union (1988) and the Unified Team (1992). She was affiliated with Spartak during her career. Miroshina was the youngest participant among the 89 (49 men and 40 women) competitors from 31 countries at the Seoul Games, with 14 years and 105 days.
At the end of 1995 (or at the start of 1996), a 21-year-old Miroshina was found dead under the windows of her apartment. The real cause of her death remains unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18689357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689357" title="STANAG 3350">
STANAG 3350

STANAG 3350 (Analogue Video Standard for Aircraft System Applications) is a NATO analog video Standardization Agreement for military aircraft avionics.
Video-capable sensors such as radars, FLIR, or video-guided missiles often provide a STANAG 3350 video output. STANAG3350 video is supplied as a component RGB signal with timing similar to a corresponding civilian composite video standard such as NTSC, PAL, or RS-343. Only the vertical and carrier frequency of the signal are defined by the standard, the horizontal resolution can vary from one implementation to another and still satisfy the STANAG 3350 standard.
Versions of the standard.
The three different versions of the standard, which are all interlaced formats, are each based on a different civil conventional standard:

</doc>
<doc id="18689358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689358" title="Ulrich Brugger">
Ulrich Brugger

Ulrich Brugger (born 1 April 1947) is a retired West German long-distance runner who specialized in the 5000 metres.
Biography.
He won the bronze medal in the 3000 metres at the 1972 European Indoor Championships.
In domestic competitions, he represented the sports club Stuttgarter Kickers. He won the silver medal at the 1970 West German championships and another silver medal at the 1972 West German indoor championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18689366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689366" title="The Mother Hips discography">
The Mother Hips discography

The Mother Hips discography is a list of official studio albums, live albums, EPs, singles, compilations, videos and other recordings released by the band The Mother Hips. The Mother Hips are an rock band based in the San Francisco Bay Area, consisting of members Tim Bluhm, Greg Loiacono, Scott Thunes & John Hofer. Past members included Isaac Parsons, Mike Wofchuck & Paul Hoaglin. The Mother Hips gained new exposure in 2007 from their track "Time We Had" from their release "Kiss the Crystal Flake" being featured in the game Rock Band.

</doc>
<doc id="18689367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689367" title="Peter von Heydebreck">
Peter von Heydebreck

Hans-Adam Otto von Heydebreck, called Peter von Heydebreck (1 July 1889, Köslin – 30 June 1934, Stadelheim Prison) was a German Freikorps- and SA leader, member of the Reichstag and a national socialist.
Heydebreck served as an officer in the German Army in World War I. During the German revolution of November 1918, he founded the Freikorps named after him.
During the Third Silesian Uprising in 1921, his troops were foremost in the reconquest of the low mountain at the center of the Battle of Annaberg, gaining Von Heydebreck the epithet of "the Hero of Annaberg".
He made a career for himself in the Nazi party, but, during the Röhm-Putsch in 1934, he was brought to Stadelheim Prison and killed by the SS, becoming one of the victims of the Night of the Long Knives.
Curiosities.
3 months before his death the city of Kedzierzyn was renamed on his name. The renaming was only reverted in 1945; the Nazis kept the name despite the fact that he was a victim of the regime.

</doc>
<doc id="18689371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689371" title="Luis Alberto de Herrera">
Luis Alberto de Herrera

Luis Alberto de Herrera (Montevideo, 1873–1959) was a Uruguayan lawyer, diplomat, journalist and politician.
Political and diplomatic roles.
A National leader of great importance during the first half of the 20th century; he led the National Party through the most decisive instances along five decades. His own political movement is known as Herrerismo.
In 1902-1904 he was Uruguayan Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States.
In 1925-1927 he presided over the Consejo Nacional de Administración (National Council of Administration), during the presidency of José Serrato.
In 1933 he took part at the Convention on Rights and Duties of States adopted by the Seventh International Conference of American States. Particularly after 1933, he was tactically close to his nominal Colorado Party (Uruguay) opponent, President of Uruguay Gabriel Terra.
Many times he fought to become President without achieving it; however, in 1958 he achieved a historic electoral triumph for his party, dying shortly after.
Family.
He was married to Margarita Uriarte (widow of Alberto Heber Jackson) with whom he had one daughter, María Hortensia.
His grandson Luis Alberto Lacalle served as President of Uruguay in 1990-1995; and his great-grandson Luis Alberto Lacalle Pou has been a deputy since 2000.
Ideas and legacy.
Knowing about Herrera's ideas is essential in order to understand the National Party of Uruguay. He was an advocate of Americanism and Nationalism, a traditionalist, his style was that of a typical caudillo, but in a more urban style. He practically dominated his party's life as a leader.

</doc>
<doc id="18689381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689381" title="Reinhold Soyka">
Reinhold Soyka

Reinhold Soyka (born 22 March 1952) is a retired West German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.
At the 1973 European Indoor Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 720 metres relay, together with Josef Schmid, Thomas Wessinghage and Paul-Heinz Wellmann. He finished sixth in the individual distance at the 1975 European Indoor Championships.
In domestic competitions, he represented the sports club LC Bonn. He became West German indoor champion in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18689382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689382" title="Busbie Castle">
Busbie Castle

Busbie Castle was situated in what is now known as Knockentiber (Scottish Gaelic: "Cnoc an Tobair", hill of the well), a village in East Ayrshire, Parish of Kilmaurs, Scotland. Knockentiber is WNW of Kilmarnock and 1/2 mile NE of Crosshouse. The castle overlooked the Carmel Glen and its Burn, which runs into the River Irvine, a mile or so to the south, after passing through the old Busbie Mill.
History.
The settlement.
Ainslie's map of 1822 marks the site of the settlement as Bushby and Armstrong's map of 1775, illustrates Busbie Castle in a ruinous condition, but still with its old woodland policies. The 1860s first edition of the OS shows that a pre-reformation chapel dedicated to the Virgin Mary was situated close to the site of Busbie Castle. 
Busbie Castle had a small hamlet of thatched cottages clustered nearby. In 1860 the OS shows 'Old Busbie' on the opposite side of the road from the site of the castle. Busbie and Knockentiber progressively grew together over the years.
The Castle.
The castle was a simple keep, about high and roughly long by wide. The entrance was on the ground floor, giving access to the wheel-stair to the first floor hall in the north-west angle and to two cellars or stores on the ground floor. The hall on the first floor had a large fireplace and two window seats. 
In 1465 the Registrum Magni Sigilli records - "Terras de le Moite," &c. 1539, "9 marcat. de Busby, viz., lie Mote, Knokintibber, et Hallethornis," &c. 1541, " Terras de Moite, Knokintebir," &c. 1571, "Terras de Moit," &c. 1583, "20 solidatas terrarum antiqui extentus de Moit-Mowat cum earum mansione," &c. 1599," 9 marcat. terrarum de Busbeyis (viz., lie Mote, Knockiutibber et Halythornis".
In 1691 the Laird of Busbie's dwelling had six hearths and seven other dwellings were associated with the castle and its lands.
The castle was a ruin since at least the 1770s. and was demolished in 1949 or 1952 as it had been unsafe for many years and the funds were not found to consolidate the structure. H. Ritchie had Busbie House erected as a replacement for the old castle. Busbie Estates and Collective Securities Limited owned a fair amount of land in the 1950s. 
MacIntosh in 1894 refers to the castle as being "a" prominent object in an otherwise monotonous landscape"" and describes the gun ports and arrow slits, also a sculptured cable which wound itself fantastically round the walls. He also states that the castle probably had three floors, was roofless and fast falling into decay and regards it as being from the 14th century and probably built by the Mowat family who came from Flintshire in the 12th century.
The lairds of Busbie.
A Robert de Montealt (Monteacute) is recorded as being in Scotland at the time of King David I; later several soldiers of the name de Montealt are recorded a shaving led armies into Scotland. William Craufurd of Wallston married a daughter of Mowat of Busbie circa 1400. A Charles Mowat of Busbie is mentioned in the records of 1534 as being involved in the murder of William Cunyngham of Craganis and his servant. Charles Mowat was tutor to Hugh, Earl of Eglinton in 1546. and the same Charles Mowat was fined £47 in 1571 - 2 for celebrating mass at Eglinton Castle. In 1547 Charles Mowat was again involved in a murder, this time with Lord Boyd; Sir Neil Montgomerie of Lainshaw being the victim. His punishment was to remain in France until Sir Neil Montgomerie, son of the murdered Sir Neil, permitted him to return. It was not all one way, for a brother of the Earl of Eglinton appears in court having provoked John Mowatt, Laird of Busby, and his servant, one Andrew Stevenston in the streets of Stewarton.
The Mowat involved in the Montgomerie murder was in turn slain by William & Harrie (Sic) Stewart, the two sons of Lord Ochiltree in 1577. Alexander, the eldest son does not appear to inherit, instead James, his younger brother succeeded to the lands of Busbie. James's son, also James is the last Mowat to appear in the public record. The name de Monhaud or de Monte Alto is recorded as being pronounced 'Mowat' by Dalrymple.
James Ritchie of Craigton obtained the lands in 1763, succeeded by his son Henry in 1799, who also acquired the Cloncaird estate. William Wallace of Cairnhill (now Carnell), the nephew of Henry, next inherited the estate. General Sir James Wallace died in 1867 and passed the property to William Wallace of Busbie and Cloncaird. In 1661, Hugh, Earl of Eglinton inherited the lands of Busbie, Knockentiber and Robertown, the family possessing these lands as far back as 1638.
The breaking of the sabbath.
A frequently repeated legend is that of the Rev. Mr. Welsh of Ayr, who after providing several written warnings, prophesised the downfall of the house of Busbie, because the laird refused to suppress the custom of inviting guests to his house on the Sabbath day, and profaning the sabbath by playing football and other games. The prophesy was visibly fulfilled; for although the laird was very wealthy at the time, misfortune was heaped upon misfortune until he was forced to sell his estate, and when he was giving it over to the purchaser, he said with tears in his eyes, in front of his wife and children, ""Now Mr. Welsh is a true prophet"." This laird was the father of the Rev. Mathew (Sic) Mowat of Kilmarnock. James Mowat is the last to appear in the public records.
The Barony of Robertoun.
This barony, once part of the Barony of Kilmaurs, ran from Kilmaurs south to the River Irvine. It had no manor house and belonged to the Eglinton family latterly. Hugh Montgomerie, Ist Earl of Eglinton, had a charter on 3 February 1499 from James V of the £40 lands of old extent of Roberton in Cunninghame. These lands were part of the Lands and Barony of Ardrossan; the following properties were part of the barony: parts of Kilmaurs, Knockentiber, Craig, Gatehead, Woodhills, Greenhill, Altonhill, Plann, Hayside, Thorntoun, Rash-hill Park, Milton, Windyedge, Fardelhill, Muirfields, Corsehouse.
Busbie Mill.
The present Busbie farm is marked on the older maps, e.g. 1860, as a mill, with a clear millrace or lade and a sluice. The water was taken from the Carmel somewhere in the vicinity of a dwelling marked as Busbie Holm, rejoining the burn just beyond the mill. It is not clear as to when the mill ceased to operate. It is likely that the mill was associated with the castle and the Lairds of Busbie. A Robertown mill is known to have existed, named from the title of the Barony.

</doc>
<doc id="18689388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689388" title="The Three Musketeers (Kipling)">
The Three Musketeers (Kipling)

"This page is about the short story by Rudyard Kipling. For other uses, see The Three Musketeers (disambiguation).
"The Three Musketeers" is a short story by Rudyard Kipling which introduces three fictional British soldiers serving in India in the later nineteenth century: the privates Mulvaney, Ortheris and Learoyd. These characters appear in many early Kipling stories. "The Three Musketeers" was first published in the "Civil and Military Gazette" on March 11, 1887. It appeared in book form in "Plain Tales from the Hills" (1888).
Narrated by the three privates—mostly Mulvaney, the loquacious Irishman, and Ortheris)—"The Three Musketeers" tells the story of how the three contrive not only to 'protest' (like the junior officers) against a proposed special parade requested by a visiting grandee, Lord Benira Trigg, but to have it cancelled and humiliate the Lord "and" receive a five pound note apiece from him, for being "a "h"onour to the British Harmy".
Trigg is a distinguished tourist, a peer on a 'fact-finding mission' (as we might now say) to write a book. "His particular vice—because he was a Radical, men said - was having garrisons turned out for his inspection ... He turned out troops once too often"—he asked for an inspection ""On - a - Thursday"" (the horror is that Thursday is understood to be the troops 'make and mend' day, or half day holiday). Learoyd raises a subscription from the troops to have it cancelled, which is spent on suborning a "ekka" driver to take Trigg to Padsahi "jhil", a large swampy tract of flooded land, about two miles off. They improve the operation by paying Buldoo, a "knowin' little divil" attached to the Artillery, to take the place of the "ekka" driver, and to mount a simulated abduction. Once the "ekka" is capsized into the "jhil" and Buldoo's three accomplices are banging sticks all over it, Learoyd, Mulvaney and Ortheris 'rescue' the Lord from "about forty" "dacoits"". He has to recover the next day in hospital, so the parade is cancelled. Trigg is grateful to "The Three Musketeers" (to the tune of three fivers), and the Colonel of the regiment is suspicious: but Mulvaney believes he would not have charged them with it had he known, as the cancellation of the Parade is welcome to all members of the regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="18689400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689400" title="Headon Warren and West High Down SSSI">
Headon Warren and West High Down SSSI

Headon Warren And West High Down is a 276.3 hectare Site of special scientific interest (SSSI) located at the westernmost end of the Isle of Wight. The SSSI encompasses Headon Warren, a heather clad down to the north, the chalk downs of West High Down and Tennyson Down to the south, and the Needles, the Needles Battery and Alum Bay to the west.
The site was notified in 1951 by the Nature Conservancy Council (NCC), for both its biological and geological features, and that designation is now maintained by Natural England as successor body to the NCC. Most of the land within the SSSI is owned and managed by the National Trust.
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18689406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689406" title="Inga Afonina">
Inga Afonina

Inga Afonina (born August 26, 1969) is a retired female diver from Russia, who is best known for winning the silver medal at the 1991 European Championships in the women's 10 m platform, behind Yelena Miroshina. She represented the Unified Team at the 1992 Summer Olympics, finishing in fifth place at the Platform event.

</doc>
<doc id="18689410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689410" title="Mustafa ibn Mahmud">
Mustafa ibn Mahmud

Mustafa ibn Mahmud (1786–1837) () was the ninth leader of the Husainid Dynasty and the ruler of Tunisia from 1835 until his death in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="18689450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689450" title="Patriot Party (Indonesia)">
Patriot Party (Indonesia)

The Patriot Party () is a political party in Indonesia. It was established as the Pancasila Patriot's Party as a result of a deliberations at the sixth national conference of the Pancasila Youth () organization in 1996. At the time, the organization's political goals were channeled by Golkar, but in its conference the year after the 1998 Fall of Suharto, Pancasila Youth withdrew from Golkar. The conference also decided the time was right to establish a political party, and it was declared on 1 June 2001, the anniversary of Sukarno's Pancasila speech. The party was officially and legally established two years later. Thus the Patriot Party is described as the political wing of the Pancasila Youth.
In the 2004 Indonesian legislative election, the party won 0.9% of the popular vote and no seats. The party therefore had to change its name and undergo the ratification process by the General Elections Commission name to allow it to contest the 2009 elections. In the 2009 elections, the party won only 0.5 percent of the vote, less than the 2.5 percent electoral threshold, meaning it was awarded no seats in the People's Representative Council.
Regional strength.
In the legislative election held on 9 April 2009, support for the Patriot Party was higher than the party's national average in the following provinces:
Aceh 1.3%
North Sumatra 0.6%
Bengkulu 0.8%
Riau 0.7%
Riau Islands 0.7%
Yogyakarta 0.6%
East Kalimantan 2.8%
West Nusa Tenggara 1.0%
West Sulawesi 0.9%
Central Sulawesi 1.5%
South Sulawesi 1.1%
South East Sulawesi 1.2%
North Maluku 2.9%
West Papua 10.5%
Papua 4.6%

</doc>
<doc id="18689451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689451" title="Waltraud Strotzer">
Waltraud Strotzer

Waltraud Strotzer, née Pöhland (born 16 September 1952 in Wünschendorf/Elster) is a German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.
As a teenager she won the silver medal at the 1968 European Junior Championships and the gold medal at the 1970 European Junior Championships. She also competed at the European Championships in 1966, 1969 and 1971 without reaching the final.
In domestic competitions, she represented the sports club SC Motor Jena. She became East German indoor champion in 1970 and 1971. In 1975 she became 1500 metres champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18689471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689471" title="Belvoir Park Hospital">
Belvoir Park Hospital

Belvoir Park Hospital was a cancer treatment specialist hospital situated in Newtownbreda, South Belfast, Northern Ireland. Belvoir Park held Northern Ireland's only radiotherapy unit, until the opening of a new cancer treatment centre in Belfast City Hospital.
History.
The hospital, which opened in 1906, was originally known as "Purdysburn Fever Hospital" and later "Montgomery House", before being renamed "Belvoir Park Hospital" in the 1960s. Throughout its lifespan, the hospital was the main regional centre for oncology, offering radiotherapy and chemotherapy. treatments. In 1983, the hospital was the first in the province to take delivery of a CT scanner. The hospital's Gerard Lynch Centre held many cancer support groups, in order to aid both sufferers and their families.
Closure.
Belvoir Park Hospital closed in March 2006, when cancer treatment, including radiotherapy, was transferred to Belfast City Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="18689478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689478" title="2008 Countrywide Classic">
2008 Countrywide Classic

The 2008 Countrywide Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 82nd edition of the Los Angeles Open, and was part of the International Series of the 2008 ATP Tour. It took place at the Los Angeles Tennis Center in Los Angeles, California, United States, from August 4 through August 10, 2008. 
The singles draw featured ATP No. 9, San Jose and Dubai champion Andy Roddick, Nottingham runner-up and Umag titlist Fernando Verdasco, and winner of back-to-back titles in Stuttgart and Kitzbühel Juan Martín del Potro. Also present were Dubai finalist and Wimbledon quarterfinalist Feliciano López, Wimbledon semifinalist Marat Safin, Mardy Fish, Carlos Moyá and Tommy Haas.
In addition to the singles and doubles events, a Legends Invitational Singles competition took place, featuring Jim Courier, Aaron Krickstein, John McEnroe, Mikael Pernfors, Jimmy Arias and Wayne Ferreira. 1997 Countrywide Classic champion Jim Courier won the event, defeating 1981 and 1986 titlist John McEnroe 7–5, 7–6(3), in the final.
Four time Countrywide Classic champion Roy Emerson was the tournament honoree for 2008. He won the singles titles here in 1959, 1962, 1964 and 1967. This Aussie also won the doubles crowns in 1961, 1962, 1964, 1965, and 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18689481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689481" title="Burmese ferret-badger">
Burmese ferret-badger

The Burmese ferret-badger ("Melogale personata"), also known as the large-toothed ferret-badger, is a species of mammal in the Mustelidae family.
Description.
The Burmese ferret-badger has a head and body length of , a tail length of and a body weight of . The fur ranges from fawn brown to dark brown, with a white dorsal stripe. The face is marked with black and white patches, which are unique to each individual. The rear part of the tail is whitish.
Subspecies.
Three subspecies are recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="18689494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689494" title="Waltraud Pöhlitz">
Waltraud Pöhlitz

Waltraud Pöhlitz, née Kaufmann (born 10 March 1942 in Brockau) is a German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.
She won the silver medal at the 1962 European Championships, finished eighth at the 1966 European Championships and competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics without reaching the final.
In domestic competitions, she represented the sports club SC Chemie Halle. She became East German champion in 1962, 1963, 1964 and 1966. and East German indoor champion in 1964, 1965 and 1967. In 1967 she also became 1500 metres champion.

</doc>
<doc id="18689508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689508" title="Ganse cord">
Ganse cord

A ganse cord is a type of cord used in millinery to give shape to a hat. It was used extensively in the 18th and 19th centuries, particularly in tricorns, bicornes and shakos used in military uniforms. The cord is tied in a special knot called Noeud de franciscain. The ganse loop made from the cord was also used to hold the cockade in place on the head covering.

</doc>
<doc id="18689509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689509" title="Buddhika Mendis">
Buddhika Mendis

Yange Oshanka Buddhika Mendis (born 22 June 1979) is a Sri Lankan born cricketer. A left-handed batsman, off spin bowler and occasional wicket-keeper, he has played for the Singapore national cricket team since 2002 having previously played first-class and List A cricket for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club in his native Sri Lanka.
Biography.
Born in Sri Lanka in 1979, Buddhika Mendis began his cricket career playing for Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club, making his first-class debut against Nondescripts Cricket Club in January 1999. He played six first-class matches for them in all, his last coming in February 2000, shortly before the first of his four List A matches, all of which came in February/March 2000.
He later moved to Singapore and first played for their national side in the 2002 Stan Nagaiah Trophy one-day series against Malaysia. He has played in the series every year since apart from 2007.
He played in the ACC Trophy in Kuala Lumpur in 2004, also playing ACC Fast Track Countries Tournament matches against Nepal and Hong Kong. The following year he played ACC Fast Track Nations Tournament matches against Malaysia and Hong Kong.
In 2006, he played in the ACC Trophy in Kuala Lumpur, and an ACC Premier League match against Nepal. He played in the Saudara Cup match against Malaysia for the first time in 2007, also playing in the ACC Twenty20 Cup in Kuwait that year. He most recently represented Singapore in Division Five of the World Cricket League in Jersey in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18689510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689510" title="Glen Eira Town Hall">
Glen Eira Town Hall

Glen Eira Town Hall, known originally as Caulfield Town Hall, is located in Caulfield, Victoria, Australia. The hall was finished in 1890 and is a designated historic building with the Heritage Council of Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="18689526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689526" title="Mahmud ibn Muhammad">
Mahmud ibn Muhammad

Mahmud ibn Muhammad (10 July 1757 – 28 March 1824) () was the seventh leader of the Husainid Dynasty and the ruler of Tunisia from 1814 until his death in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="18689537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18689537" title="Aryamani">
Aryamani

Aryamani was a Nubian king.
Monuments and inscriptions.
He is attested by one stela found at Kawa. The stela provides a text in poor Egyptian language and is, therefore, for the most part, not fully understandable. However, it provides a Year 9 date from his reign. At Kawa, a second stela was also found dated to Year 24 of a king whose name is destroyed. On stylistical grounds, it has been assumed that this stela also belongs to Aryamani who, therefore, must have reigned in Nubia for at least 23 years. 
The main stela, now in Copenhagen, shows the king at the top in front of Amun-Re, Mut and Khons. In the lower part there is the text, partly destroyed and therefore increasing the problems of understanding the poor Egyptian. The text starts with the year 3 and the partly lost titulary of the king. It follows a prayer to Amun-Re and in the remaining lines donations of the king to the god seems to be listed. They are arranged in an annal style, year 8 and year 9 of the king are also preserved. Furthermore there appears a year 21 but it remains doubtful whether it relates to Aryamani. The two fragments of the second stela relate to similar donations between year 9 and 23 of an unknown king. A year 24 can be reconstructed but its meaning or context is now lost. The text might be the follow-up of the first stela.
Date of reign.
The position and dating of the king is highly problematic. The style of Aryamani's stela, his throne and Horus names show Ramesside influences. Therefore, he was placed at the beginning of the third century BC when there were also Ramesside influences visible in Ptolemaic Egypt and when Nubian kings, such as Aktisanes also copied Ramesside patterns. The poor Egyptian language seems to place him around or after Nastasen. Laszlo Török maintains that 
Other researchers, such as Robert Morkot regard the Ramesside style as an indication that the king ruled shortly after the Ramesside period. Morkot identifies him with Alara.
Burial.
Aryamani is thought to have been buried at Jebel Barkal. Pyramid 11 or 14 may belong to this king.

</doc>
