<doc id="18707551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707551" title="Maggie Fitzgibbon">
Maggie Fitzgibbon

Maggie Fitzgibbon (born 30 January 1929) is an Australian actress and singer.
Fitzgibbon was born in Melbourne. Coming from a show-business family, she is the sister of the late Smacka Fitzgibbon. She began her career as operatic soprano Margaret Fitzgibbon with the Tivoli Circuit in 1946 before graduating to radio 2GB with Jack Davey. Around 1950 she started developing as a solo cabaret performer in Sydney's main night clubs and during this period she changed her performing name to Maggie. She was spotted there by Sir Frank Tait of J.C. Williamsons, who offered her the featured role of Bianca in the 1952 Australian production of "Kiss Me Kate", in which she appeared with Hayes Gordon.
Maggie then left for the UK and was soon cast as Principal Boy in the "Aladdin" pantomime at Blackpool, opposite Hylda Baker who played Widow Twankey. Then came a twelve months tour with Flanagan and Allen in The Crazy Gang. Her own cabaret act followed at The Astor, The Stork Room, The Pigalle and, in 1956, Winston's Club with Danny La Rue. More cabarets, stage musicals and plays came along (including playing the role of Jane in a 1960 London revival of Rudolf Friml's "Rose Marie", for which she recreated the role in a studio cast recording the following year) until, in 1961 she appeared opposite Max Bygraves in the musical "Do Re Mi".
Fitzgibbon appeared on various British television dramas such as "Danger Man". The BBC cast her in the starring role of Vivienne Cooper in their TV series "The Newcomers" which ran from 1965 to 1969. This led to her own show for London Weekend Television "Maggie's Place" and guest appearances with such as Benny Hill and Morecambe and Wise. She also played a leading role as Adelaide in LWT's 1970 26-part wartime drama "Manhunt".
Maggie returned to Australia briefly in 1963 to star in Noël Coward's Australian production of his musical "Sail Away", then returning to London to star with Bob Monkhouse and Ronnie Corbett in the Drury Lane production of "The Boys from Syracuse" (Luce). Her final West End appearance was in "Side By Side By Sondheim" after which she retired to farm in Australia, making only occasional guest appearances, mainly on the concert stage. In 2002 she was awarded an OAM for services to the community.
Maggie Fitzgibbon was featured in the Victorian Jazz Archive exhibition entitled The Fitzgibbon Dynasty.
References.
Internet Movie Data Base [http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0280420/]
Nostalgia Central [http://nostalgiacentral.com/tv/drama/newcomers.htm]
"The Boys From Syracruse" cast recording: [http://www.amazon.com/Maggie-Fitzgibbon/e/B000APSDKO]
See also:
Victorian Jazz Archive Inc. exhibition "The Fitzgibbon Dynasty" [http://vicjazzarchive.org.au/]

</doc>
<doc id="18707565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707565" title="Pityilu Island">
Pityilu Island

Pityilu Island is part of Manus Province in northern Papua New Guinea and part of the Admiralty Islands. It is off the northern coast of Manus Island and is nearly 4.8 km long and varies in width from 76 to 198 metres.
History.
Pityilu Island was occupied by the Imperial Japanese forces in 1942.
On 30 March 1944, the island was assaulted by the reinforced 1st Squadron of 7th Cavalry of the United States Army. 59 Imperial Japanese were killed and 8 cavalrymen were killed with 6 wounded in the assault.
Pityilu Island was selected to become an airstrip for the use of the United States Navy with a Rest & Recreation facility designed to accommodate up to 10,000 servicemen. The facilities were constructed by the 140th Naval Construction Battalion in June 1944. Pityilu Airstrip consited of a single runway, made of crushed coral x .

</doc>
<doc id="18707569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707569" title="Robert W. Parry">
Robert W. Parry

Robert W. Parry (October 1, 1917 - December 1, 2006) was a professor of chemistry at the University of Michigan and the University of Utah. Among his awards were the Priestley Medal in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18707586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707586" title="Jakobsson">
Jakobsson

Jakobsson is a surname of Icelandic or Swedish origin. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18707598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707598" title="Iwai Island">
Iwai Island

The name is derived from the ancient ritual of passing travellers and is in fact home to a ceremonial fishing dance specific to the island as noted in the crew journey log of the Hokule‘a on their journey from Micronesia to Japan.
In 1982, Chugoku Electric Power Company proposed building a nuclear power plant near Iwaishima, but many residents opposed the idea, and the island’s fishing cooperative voted overwhelmingly against the plans. In January 1983, almost 400 islanders staged a protest march, which was the first of more than 1,000 protests the islanders carried out. Since the Fukushima nuclear disaster in March 2011 there has been wider opposition to construction plans for the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="18707612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707612" title="List of stripped Olympic medals">
List of stripped Olympic medals

Following is a list of stripped Olympic medals. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is the governing body that can rule when athletes are in violation of rules in the Olympic Games. The IOC can strip athletes' Olympic honors and request the return of medals. In the case of team events, the IOC can strip medals from a team based on infractions by a single team member. In the table below, for stripped team medals, the athlete in violation is shown in parentheses.
The international governing body of each Olympic sport can also strip athletes of medals for infractions of the rules of the sport.
Nearly all of the stripped medals involve infractions stemming from doping and drug testing. There are notable exceptions, however. Jim Thorpe was stripped of his two 1912 gold medals based on evidence he had participated in professional sports. Thorpe's honors were restored in 1982, thirty years after his death. Ibragim Samadov of the 1992 Unified Team was stripped of his bronze medal after he "hurled his bronze medal to the floor" and "stormed off the stage during the awards ceremony." Ara Abrahamian was stripped of his bronze medal in 2008 for similar reasons.
In very few cases the IOC has reversed earlier rulings that stripped athletes of medals. In the case of Rick DeMont, in 2001 the United States Olympic Committee (USOC) recognized his gold medal performance in the 1972 Summer Olympics, but only the IOC has the power to restore his medal and it has refused to do so.
List of stripped Olympic medals.
This is a list of Olympic medals stripped by the IOC, the governing body of the Olympics.
List of Olympic medals stripped and later returned.
Here is the list of Olympic medals that were stripped by the IOC and later returned by the IOC.
In the case of Rick DeMont, his medal performance is now recognized by the national USOC but not by the IOC, which has the power to return medals. (See above.)

</doc>
<doc id="18707621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707621" title="The Cheetah Girls (group)">
The Cheetah Girls (group)

The Cheetah Girls were an American girl group consisting of Adrienne Bailon, Kiely Williams, and Sabrina Bryan. The group was created by The Walt Disney Company, and were made famous by the eponymous Disney Channel original film and its sequels, "The Cheetah Girls 2" and '. The group has released three studio albums, "Cheetah-licious Christmas", ', and "TCG" and several RIAA certified Platinum albums including, "The Cheetah Girls", "The Cheetah Girls 2", and "". All of their albums and soundtracks have debuted in the "Billboard" 200. The soundtrack to their first movie sold over 2 million copies.
The group has launched a clothing line, several perfume collections, doll lines, room decor, a book series, and a video games line. The group has had three nationwide tours, Cheetah-licious Christmas Tour, The Party's Just Begun Tour and One World Tour. The Cheetah Girls grossed over US$43 million from their second tour.
They have sold over 3.6 million records worldwide.
Career.
2003-05: "The Cheetah Girls" film, breakthrough and "Cheetah-licious Christmas".
The group had a television movie, based on a bestselling series of young adult books of the same name by Deborah Gregory, which debuted on August 15, 2003. The film won several awards including Black Reel fakes, an Image Award. The movie's DVD sold over 800,000 copies. The film received over 84 million viewers worldwide and remained a hit in the ratings for months afterwards. The Cheetah Girls were also supposed to be a TV series for ABC in their 2004–2005 season. The show was to begin production in early 2004, according to an article on the MTV news site, but according to another article on MTV News website in February 2004, it said "The Cheetah Girls" sitcom had been delayed, due to the success of "That's So Raven". Therefore, Raven would not be able to do the series. Although a pilot was shot in late 2003, ABC decided not to pick up the series.
Due to her busy schedule, as well as already being signed to the same label (Hollywood Records) as a solo act, Raven-Symoné decided not to be a part of the actual recording act, leaving the trio of just Bailon, Bryan and Williams. In January 2005, the girls recorded for the first time as a trio and recording act for the 2005 "Disneymania 3" album, remaking the song "I Won't Say (I'm in Love)" from the "Hercules" soundtrack.
The girls released their first recording in October 2005 under Walt Disney Records, "Cheetah-licious Christmas", the holiday album included classic Christmas songs, as well as several original songs, one of which was co-written by all three girls. The album peaked at number 74 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The lead single, "Cheetah-licious Christmas", was rotated on Radio Disney and a music video for the song was shown on Disney Channel. A second single from the album, "Five More Days 'Til Christmas" was released as a Radio Disney-only single. The girls went on tour to support the album that fall. Along with Aly & AJ as the opening act and the Jonas Brothers as special guests, the tour was successful.
2006-07:"The Cheetah Girls 2" and "TCG".
The Cheetah Girls began work on their debut album in January 2006. However, when filming and recording for "The Cheetah Girls 2" came up, the album was put on hold. ""We'll be making a real album, not a soundtrack"", Adrienne Bailon says. ""Some of the music on there will be produced by will.i.am from The Black Eyed Peas"", she says. ""It's important for people to see us as a real musical group. We have all this great marketing around us, with the movies and other things. But we are a musical group.""
"The Cheetah Girls 2" premiere received a total of over 8.1 million viewers, making it the highest rated premiere for a Disney Channel Original Movie at the time.
In an interview with "Billboard" about the postponed album, Sabrina Bryan stated that the girls worked on writing for the album on their Party's Just Begun tour and that they hoped to gather an audience of older fans while simultaneously staying true to their younger fan base. Bryan also stated that the girls would work with producers they've worked with in the past as well as exploring new producers, such as Timbaland.
The album was originally titled "Who We Are", and set to be released on June 19, 2007 but this was postponed to September 25, 2007, with a release name of "TCG".
The track "So Bring It On" was released as the album's first single. "Fuego" was released as the second single from the album.
2008-09: "The Cheetah Girls: One World" and break up.
The girls began filming their third "Cheetah Girls" movie, entitled "", in March 2008. It is the only movie not to feature Raven-Symoné and premiered on August 22, with its soundtrack released on August 19. The movie debuted with 6.2 million viewers, the lowest-ever rated premiere for the series. In the fall of 2008, the group went on tour to support the "One World" movie, which would be their last tour together. In December 2008, the group disbanded.
All three girls are currently working on solo records. Bryan released a book titled "Princess of Gossip" in 2009, had a small supporting role in the straight-to-DVD film "", released another fitness DVD called "Byou 2", and had a part in the indie film "If It Ain't Broke, Break It". Both Williams and Bailon had small roles in 2008 film "The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2", with Bryan making a cameo in the form of a set of her Byou DVDs on display. Williams played a supporting role in the film "The House Bunny" starring Anna Faris. Williams filmed the music video for her first single "Make Me A Drink" in New York City in November 2008, which was later scrapped in favor of a promotional single titled "Spectacular", released in the spring of 2010. In early 2009, Williams and Bryan talked about collaborating on a talk show together, which Williams described as "a young version of The View". The pilot for "Dinner with Friends" was filmed in May 2011 and was released on YouTube two months later.
Merchandise.
There are Cheetah Girl based clothing lines, toys, and video games. The clothing line was made available in Sears stores, and its launch was the most successful in Sears history.
Videos games have been produced for GBA and Nintendo DS, as well as a dancemat game. Toy instruments have been produced for the children's market.
The Cheetah Girls also have a doll line, released in 2007, inspired by the Disney Channel Original Movies (DCOMs). There are several versions of the dolls and the three members. The dolls are currently available at Sears stores nationwide and several other retailers.
Miscellaneous.
The Cheetah Girls started as a book series that was written by Deborah Gregory. There are two versions of the Cheetah Girls book series. The original, which was the inspiration for the first movie, and the other by Disney authors released as movie tie-ins.
The Disney Channel Original Movies, and the concert DVD, are released with The Cheetah Girls 2 Special Edition Soundtrack. A 20-minute highlights DVD of the Girls' The Party's Just Begun Tour was released on July 10, 2007 along with a live audio CD of the tour. The first DVD released has sold over 800,000 copies. The Cheetah Girls have also released a "California Adventures" DVD and two compilation DVDs, "DisneyMania 3 in Concert" and "Radio Disney's Totally 15th Birthday".
In 2006, The Cheetah Girls released a toothbrush modeled after them. The toothbrush features a picture of The Cheetah Girls and plays a clip of their single "Shake a Tail Feather". It was one of the most popular toothbrushes for all girls in 2006, the top being a spinning, singing Barbie toothbrush.
Tours.
In the winter of 2005, the Cheetah Girls went on tour to support their Christmas album "Cheetah-licious Christmas". Aly & AJ went along with them, as the opening act, to support their own album "Into the Rush", although the Jonas Brothers performed as surprise guests opening for both the Cheetah Girls and Aly & AJ for a total of 10 shows of the tour, promoting "It's About Time", their first album. The holiday theme of the concert included giant presents (in which the Cheetah Girls performed in), winter clothes, and even a tropical theme for their song "Christmas in California", which included surf boards with the girls' names on them. The Cheetah Girls also sang songs from the first "Cheetah Girls" soundtrack, their song "I Won't Say (I'm in Love)" (from "Disneymania 3"), and their version of "Shake a Tail Feather" (from the "Chicken Little" soundtrack).
In July 2006, the girls stated to Disney 365, a brief Disney Channel So Hot Summer news program, that they would be hitting the road again in September 2006, however they didn't state whether or not Raven-Symoné would be joining them. However, in a later interview they confirmed that Raven would not be going with them. An ad inside of the "Cheetah Girls 2" soundtrack confirmed the name of the tour to be The Party's Just Begun Tour. The concert was released to a live CD and DVD combo on July 10, 2007. The opening acts for the tour were Miley Cyrus (as Hannah Montana) for the first 20 dates, Vanessa Hudgens for the next 20 dates, and Everlife for the last 40 dates. Jordan Pruitt was also a special guest on the tour for the first 40 cities. The preteen group T-Squad was also a special guest for 5 of the 58 dates. The concert tour sold out every date. For the tour's finale the group performed in Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas with Miley Cyrus as their opening act. Within 3 minutes, the concert had already sold 80,000 tickets.
The girls announced their third tour in the summer of 2008. The tour, entitled the "One World Tour" began in October 2008 and is in support of the trio's third soundtrack from their Disney Channel film "". Bailon stated in an interview that it was likely that this tour would travel to various other countries as well as the United States. Corbin Bleu was originally announced as the opening act for the tour but due to his busy schedule could not continue with the duties. The Clique Girlz were announced as the official opening act for the tour just days before it began.

</doc>
<doc id="18707639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707639" title="Sugardrive">
Sugardrive

Sugardrive released 5 albums, headlined the major SA festivals, spawned a crop of radio hits, toured Australia on the Big Day Out tour and picked up a couple of SAMA awards. The band’s eclectic brand of soulful rock/electronica avoided easy comparisons and elevated them to the status of media darlings.
In 2008 lead singer Paul E. Flynn released a solo album titled 'Fields'
2009 the band has released an interview on YouTube discussing their new greatest hits collection, titled "in a place (that takes a little getting used to)".

</doc>
<doc id="18707640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707640" title="Zhang Peimeng">
Zhang Peimeng

Zhang Peimeng (; born March 13, 1987 in Beijing) is a Chinese track and field sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres. His personal best time is 20.64 seconds, achieved in September 2011 in Hefei. In the 100 metres he has 10.00 seconds, achieved in August 2013 in Moscow.
He has represented China at the Summer Olympics twice (2008 and 2012). He was the 100 m gold medallist at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships and was the silver medallist in that event at the 2007 Summer Universiade. He is a two-time Chinese champion (once in 100 m and once in 200 m). He has broken the Chinese record in the 4×100 metres relay on several occasions and is the joint holder of the current record of 38.38 seconds set at the 2012 London Olympics.
Career.
Early career.
Zhang began to compete on the national track and field circuit as a teenager in 2004, setting bests of 10.80 seconds for the 100 metres and 21.53 seconds for the 200 metres. In 2005 he ran bests of 10.53 and 21.10 seconds in the sprints in his first international meeting in Tula, Russia. He placed in the top three in both events at the Chinese High School Games and came fifth over 200 m at the 2005 Chinese National Games.
Zhang trained in the United States in early 2006 and later that year he won the Chinese junior title in the 200 m and was a semi-finalist in the event at the 2006 World Junior Championships in Athletics held in Beijing. In his final year of junior competition in 2007 he established himself both nationally and internationally. He won his first national title in August, winning the 100 m at the Chinese Athletics Championships. Two medals came at the 2007 Summer Universiade, where he won the silver medal in the 100 m behind Britain's Simeon Williamson and also took the bronze medal in the 4×100 metres relay. He ran a 100 m personal best of 10.27 seconds at the Shanghai Golden Grand Prix and closed the year with a win at the China City Games.
In 2008 he improved his 100 m best to 10.23 at the Good Luck Beijing Olympic test event. He shared in a Chinese record with the 4×100 m relay team in June, clocking a time of 38.81 seconds. Zhang represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, racing in the heats of the 200 m. He also competed in the 4×100 m relay together with Hu Kai, Wen Yongyi and Lu Bin. Their time of 39.13 seconds in their qualification heat was enough to reach the final, but there they were disqualified and placed last. At the national championships in October he failed to defend his 100 m title, coming runner-up to Liang Jiahong.
Asian title.
At the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009 he was runner-up in the 100 m behind Lu Bin and won the relay bronze medal for Beijing alongside Xing Yanan. Despite being beaten nationally, he saved his best 100 m run of the season for the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships – Lu was not selected for the event and he outperformed Japan's Naoki Tsukahara to win the regional title with a run of 10.28 seconds. A team of Guo Fan, Liang Jiahong, Su Bingtian and Zhang narrowly finished second to Japan in the relay.
Zhang's 2010 season was relatively low-profile: he placed fifth in the 60 metres at the 2010 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships but was out of the top three of the 100 and 200 m at the national championships. He rebounded in 2011, running a personal best of 10.21 seconds as 100 m runner-up at the national championships (while Su broke the Chinese record) and taking his first Chinese 200 m title in best of 20.64 seconds. In 2012 he was the 100 m runner-up at the Chinese championships again, but had three wins on the Asian Athletics Grand Prix circuit and came fourth in the 60 m at the 2012 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships. He had much success with the Chinese relay team that year, setting national records of 38.71 seconds then 38.65 seconds in May. In his second Olympic appearance he helped the relay team to record another Chinese record of 38.38 seconds in the qualifiers.
He began 2013 with two personal bests on the Chinese Indoor Grand Prix circuit, recording 6.58 seconds for the 60 metres and 20.75 seconds for the 200 m – the latter was a Chinese indoor record time.
Moscow World Championships.
On August 10, 2013 Zhang won his preliminary heat in an equal personal best time of 10.04 matching the Chinese National Record.
Then, on August 11, 2013 Zhang just missed out on qualifying for the final, clocking a new Chinese National Record of 10.00.

</doc>
<doc id="18707648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707648" title="Removing Wardrobe">
Removing Wardrobe

The Removing Wardrobe was a sub-department of the British Royal Household. It was responsible for looking after the furnishings which travelled from palace to palace. The office was headed by the Yeoman of the Removing Wardrobe (a sinecure office), assisted by two grooms and three pages, all appointed by the Lord Chamberlain. The department was abolished in 1782.

</doc>
<doc id="18707673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707673" title="Ford Taurus (third generation)">
Ford Taurus (third generation)

The third-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile manufactured by the Ford Motor Company from 1995 to 1999.
The third generation of Ford Taurus was the first to be completely redesigned from the ground up, and used a rounded, oval-derived design that was very controversial at the time, considered to be the main reason for this model's downfall in the market. It was designed to appeal to buyers of the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord — both of which were similarly styled — as well as to make Ford a design leader in the North American market, a title that was attributed to the Chrysler Corporation. Among the most controversial features of the design were both the front fascia that was composed of separate circular headlights, circular turn signals and the oval shaped rear window (the Sable, unlike the Taurus, had a more conventional window).
This generation of Taurus was released for sale in late 1995 to mixed reactions from consumers. It managed to retain its status as the best selling car in America through the 1996 model year; however, this was achieved through heavy sales to car rental companies: only 49% of Taurus sales in 1996 were to private customers. Because of this, the Taurus lost its bestseller status in 1997 to the Toyota Camry, a title that it has not recovered and likely will never recover now that it has been replaced by the Fusion as Ford's main volume sedan. This generation of Taurus continued to be sold until 1999, when it was replaced with the fourth-generation Ford Taurus.
Third generation development.
Development for the third-generation Taurus began in 1991, and its designers and engineers believed that they were faced with a daunting task; they compared completely redesigning the Taurus to repainting the Mona Lisa. Like the first-generation Taurus, the new Taurus was developed by a team effort, in which the exterior and interior designers, engineers, and marketing staff had input on the new car.
Many designs were considered during the development process, from designs that resembled the second generation cars, to more radically styled cars. They eventually decided on a radical new styling scheme based upon oval derived design elements, which would prove to be the car's Achilles heel in the marketplace. Chief designer Jack Telnack, who oversaw the development of the first and second generation Taurus, said that his Taurus was designed the way it was to stand out in the marketplace, and that the use of the oval was becoming the new global design theme for Ford.
Breaking down and testing competing cars, as well as listening to customer input played a large part in the development of the third-generation Taurus, just like it did during the development of the first generation. Many competing cars were broken down and extensively tested in order for the Taurus to be designed to be superior to them in terms of comfort, performance, and refinement. Most notably, the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord were extensively tested, and the Taurus' suspension was designed to emulate these cars' ride and handling techniques. Customer input played a large part into the design of the third generation Taurus' interior.
The dashboard's design originated from a large number of complaints from customers that the previous Taurus' radio and climate control modules were cluttered with many small and similar feeling buttons, as well as small graphics, which caused the driver to have to look away from the road to be able to operate them properly. As a result, a large portion of the third generation's dash was devoted to the radio and climate control, with each button on these modules containing a unique design, making it easier for the driver to operate the radio and climate control without taking their eyes off the road. This would eventually lead to the creation of the Integrated Control Panel.
Making the new Taurus pleasing to the senses was a recurring theme throughout the third-generation Taurus' development. Ford's engineers specially tuned every panel and component, so that every sound that the Taurus made, from the doors closing to the engine running, was acoustically pleasing. Ford's trim designers specially selected every one of the Taurus' interior materials, so that every surface, as well as every button and control, was pleasing to the touch.
Reception.
The third-generation Taurus and Sable sedans were unveiled at the Cobo Center during the 1995 North American International Auto Show in Detroit, and garnered more attention from journalists and publications than any other car at the show. The wagon was unveiled on February 9, 1995 at the Chicago Auto Show, and garnered similar amounts of attention. After their respective unveilings, both vehicles became among the most anticipated new cars of the 1996 model year, similar to the first generation Taurus.
The first third-generation Taurus rolled off the assembly line on July 12, 1995 at the Chicago Assembly Plant. Ford Chairman Alexander Trotman, who took part in the ceremonies, was joined by state and local politicians and union and plant officials in dipping their hands in yellow paint to "autograph" the hood of the first Taurus off the line. The hood is earmarked for permanent display at the plant. The Taurus was released to showrooms on September 24 of that year, and sales began a week later on October 1. The Taurus was released almost a week later than the Sable, as Ford designers consulted a $500 Sherman Oaks, California astrologer to figure out the best solstice date to release the car.
Reception to the new Taurus by automotive publications was generally positive. Road & Track gave the Taurus a good review upon its release, and found its handling and refinement impressive. Motor Trend also gave the Taurus a positive review, although they found the oval styling awkward at first glance. Despite this, they found it to have many redeeming qualities. However, unlike the first-generation Taurus, it fell short of their Car of the Year award, which was instead awarded to the redesigned 1996 Dodge Caravan.
Consumer reaction was mixed, however. Ford had hoped the radical redesign would lead to the same success it had with the 1986 Taurus, and went as far as predicting that the new Taurus would continue the outgoing model's record of selling over 400,000 units a year. Sales were somewhat slow at first, prompting Ford to add a low priced "G" model mid-year 1996. Ford also offered incentives such as a six-month lease for Toyota Camry and Honda Accord owners, a $250 Cash Allowance on lease renewals, and a $50 dinner certificate for test driving the vehicle. It managed to keep its position as the best selling car in the United States in 1996, although this was because of heavy sales to rental fleets, which comprised 51% of all Taurus sales for that year. This is opposed to the Toyota Camry, of which its largest amount of sales were through retail outlets to individual customers. In 1997, the Taurus lost its bestselling title, as it slipped to #3 behind a redesigned Toyota Camry and the Honda Accord.
Overview.
Exterior.
The exterior of the third-generation Taurus was completely redesigned for 1996. It used a controversial new shape that chief designer Jack Telnack claimed was penned to make the Taurus stand out to sedan buyers, and compared the current Taurus to the likeness of a pair of slippers. This shape was based upon that of an oval, which was perhaps inspired by that of Ford's own logo, and while the previous Taurus used a flat, streamlined shape, this Taurus used a rounded shape similar to that of the Chrysler Concorde. The heavily-contoured sides took their cue from the Lincoln Mark VIII. Station wagons also got new sheet metal, although from the firewall back, the Taurus and Mercury Sable wagons again shared the same panels, with all station wagon doors being the same as those used on the Sable sedans. As the new-generation Taurus was aimed at a more mature, affluent customer base, its exterior contained many upscale styling touches. For example, the LX came with chrome alloy wheels, chrome dual exhaust tips, and the "Taurus" badge on the back was written in script, as opposed to the block letters used in previous generations.
In 1998, the exterior of the Taurus received a slight redesign to make the shape more mainstream, in order to appeal to a wider customer base. The front bumper was redesigned to have a full-length opening, as well as moving the Ford logo down onto a chrome bar mounted in the grille, similar to that of the third-generation Taurus SHO. These years were also fitted with different front turn signal lenses, featuring completely clear lenses and a multi-reflector surface in the rear of the housing, around the bulb. The rear turn signal lenses were also changed from amber to red, to match the rest of the lightbar assembly.
Interior.
The interior was also completely redesigned for the 1996 model year. Like that of the previous two generations, the interior was designed to be user-friendly. The dashboard wrapped slightly around the driver; all of the main controls were placed within easy reach, and were designed to be recognizable by touch and to be operated by drivers without taking their eyes off the road. The controls for the radio and climate control were combined into an oval-shaped "Integrated Control Panel" mounted in the center of the dash, which was created in response to many complaints from Taurus owners that they couldn't easily operate the main controls of the radios and climate control systems without taking their eyes off the road. Gone was wide and couch-like front row bench seating of previous generations.
Another innovation was the "Flip-Fold" center console on cars not equipped with a standard floor console. It was a seat in between the bucket seats that could be transformed into a console, reducing the seating count by one. The seat cushion folded out into a console with a lockable storage bin and cupholders, resting against the dashboard. The seatback also folded down to become an armrest. A traditional center console with a floor-mounted shifter was installed on cars equipped without the flip fold console.
This generation's interior wasn't as configurable as that of the first two generations. The G and GL models (see below) were only available with steering column-mounted shifter, along with a cloth front bench seat and the "Flip-Fold" center console. The LX, on the other hand, came standard with bucket seats that could be ordered with either cloth or leather upholstery, along with a center console and floor-mounted shifter. However, a column-mounted shifter and a cloth front bench was available as a no-cost option. In 1999, the interior was again available in three configurations, like that of the first-generation Taurus; a front bench seat with a column-mounted shifter, front bucket seats with a center console and floor-mounted shifter, or front bucket seats with a center console and a column-mounted shifter. Each configuration was offered in both Taurus models (see below).
The Ford Taurus has many seating options, ranging from 5 people to 8 people. On wagons and sedans equipped with the floor mounted shifter, it seated 5 people standard, and wagons could seat up to 7 people, with a bench in the third row. Also, models equipped with the flip fold console could seat either 6 or 8 people, depending on whether the wagons had a third row bench or not. The sedans could seat a maximum of 6 people with the flip fold console, and 5 people with a regular console.
Models and engines.
At its launch, the Taurus was available in two models, the GL, which was the entry level/value model, and the LX, which was the top of the line model. The GL was basic, and didn't have many optional features, while the LX came with many standard features and was highly configurable.
To close the price gap between the Taurus and the Ford Contour, as well as to increase sales, an entry-level G model was added midway into the 1996 model year, as essentially a slightly de-contented GL. For the 1998 model year, the models of Taurus were completely changed. The G and GL were dropped, and the LX became the entry-level/value model. The SE model from 1995 was revived, and it became the top-tier model. The SE was offered with two special packages; the Comfort package which added chrome wheels carried over from the LX, automatic climate control, the Duratec engine V6 (see below), and bucket seats with a center console and a floor-mounted shifter, or the Sport package, which contained all of the features in the comfort package, but substituted the chrome wheels for 5-spoke alloy wheels.
The 1996 model year was the first time that the Taurus did not have an optional engine. The base G and GL had the 3.0 L Vulcan V6, which was a carryover from the previous model. The top of the line LX, however, got the new 3.0 L DOHC Duratec 30 V6, which produced and was developed specifically for this model. When Ford rearranged the Taurus models for 1998, the Vulcan became the standard engine, and the Duratec became optional on all models. However, it was only available on the SE for 1999. Vulcan-equipped models came with the 4-speed AX4S automatic transmission, while Duratec equipped models got the 4-speed AX4N transmission. However, some Vulcan-equipped models randomly received the AX4N transmission for no apparent reason. Ford also deleted some features for the 1999 model year, in order to lower the price about one thousand dollars, and possibly boost sales. Some deleted features included the floor courtesy lamps and glove compartment lamp.
Variants.
Mercury Sable.
As with the Taurus, a redesigned Mercury Sable was launched in 1996. As with previous generations, the Sable used the same mechanical parts as the Taurus, but used a mostly different body, sharing only its front doors and doorhandles with the Taurus. This model of Sable was also the first model to not contain the Mercury's front light bar, wrap-around rear glass, or a skirted rear fender. Inside, the Sable's interior was almost identical to that of the Taurus, aside from a different steering wheel and the addition of wood grain trim on the dashboard on bench seat-equipped models. This Sable was sold mainly in two models: the base GS and upscale LS, although a basic G model was briefly offered. This generation of Sable was sold from 1996 until 1999, when a fourth generation of Sable was launched.
Ford Taurus SHO.
As with the Taurus, a new model of Taurus SHO was launched in 1996. Although it contained less aggressive styling than its predecessors, it still differed from the normal Taurus with different seats, wheels, bumpers, drivetrain, as well as a fin being put on the driver's side windshield wiper, to keep it on the windshield at high speeds. A aluminum 3.4 L V8 engine with heads from Yamaha and block from Cosworth was specified for the SHO model, but it was given the same 4-speed transmission as the LX: the manual gearbox option was no longer offered on the SHO. This was partly because this model of SHO was designed for comfort instead of performance.
This model of SHO gained a reputation of being trouble-prone due to a large number of engine failures at around the 50,000-mile mark due to separation of the camshaft from its sprocket. However, this problem can be rectified by having the camshafts welded. Possibly because of this, this generation of SHO sold substantially worse than its predecessor, with sales peaking at 9,000 in 1997. As a result, the SHO was discontinued outright after the 1999 model year.
Export Models.
As well as being sold in the North American market, third-generation models were sent abroad to Australia, Middle East, China, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Europe (including the United Kingdom), Russia, The Philippines, South America, Korea, South Africa and some other countries, in left and right-hand drive configuration (for United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa). However, this action proved unsuccessful. In these markets, it wore Mercury Sable headlamps, a unique front bumper cover to conform to these countries' regulations regarding automotive lighting, and a parking brake in the center console. Australians and New Zealanders tended to stay away from the cars, due to their high price; a well-equipped, larger-engined rear-wheel drive Ford Fairmont cost around the same amount. While the Japanese market was offered both body styles, Australian buyers could only opt for a single-spec sedan, known as the "Taurus Ghia".
Replacement.
In 2000, Ford launched the fourth-generation Ford Taurus to replace the third generation. Although the doors and mechanical parts were carried over, this generation was designed with a more conservative design in hopes of increasing its appeal to customers. This new shape contained a more upright trunk and rear roof panel, of which increased headroom and trunk space substantially. This generation also contained a redesigned interior that sported a more conservative look, while retaining many features offered in the third generation.
However, this model of Taurus is most notable for offering a special system that Ford called the "Personal Safety System". This system had sensors in the seat that detected a passenger's weight and position, and inflated the airbags to match. This generation of Taurus was sold from 2000 through the beginning of the 2007 model year, in which it was discontinued with the entire Taurus nameplate. However, the Taurus nameplate would later be revived in a matter of months due to the insistence of then-new Ford CEO Alan Mulally.

</doc>
<doc id="18707691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707691" title="The Sins of Government">
The Sins of Government

The Sins of Government is an anti-government horror/satire film that was shot in 2003 at the beginning of the Iraq War. 
Description.
The low-budget production was made indoors by Las Vegas indie film director Ron Atkins and producer/writer David Aten, an alias for John Brodie an actor, a conspiracy theorist and writer from Florida. The film has two short segments: "Rites of the Illuminati" about reptilian politicians and "Ultra" about the horrors of the CIA's MK-Ultra project. The film has never been released on DVD as of 2008. The film has received a 1.0/10 rating on The Internet Movie Database. The making of the film is featured in the documentary "Horror Business" by Christopher Garetano which was released on DVD in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18707692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707692" title="Jóhannsson">
Jóhannsson

Jóhannsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Jóhann". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18707702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707702" title="Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy">
Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy

Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy is a professor of biophysics at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
Early life and education.
He received a Ph.D. in chemistry from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur in 1990. He is graduated in Chemistry of 1984 batch from V.O.C. Arts & Science College, Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu.
Career.
His main area of research is the development of solid-state NMR and its applications to non-soluble, non-crystalline chemical and biological solids. He is known for the development of solid-state NMR methods (such as USEME, PISEMA, PITANSEMA, HIMSELF, etc.) and as a researcher of membrane-associated peptides and proteins, an organizer of international symposia, and author of a book on NMR Spectroscopy of biological solids. He was also involved in the characterization of new nanomaterials. He teaches Chemistry, Biophysics and NMR to undergraduate and graduate students at the University of Michigan.

</doc>
<doc id="18707704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707704" title="Wen Yongyi">
Wen Yongyi

Wen Yongyi (born 3 January 1987 in Liuzhou, Guangxi) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. His personal best time is 10.28 seconds, achieved in July 2007 in Guangzhou.
He won a bronze medal in the 4x100 metres relay at the 2006 Asian Games. He also competed at the 2006 IAAF World Indoor Championships without reaching the final.
Wen represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Hu Kai, Zhang Peimeng and Lu Bin. In their qualification heat they placed fourth behind Jamaica, Canada and Germany. Their time of 39.13 was the eighth fastest out of sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. There they were however disqualified and placed at the eighth position.
He won the relay gold medal at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009 with Liang Jiahong.

</doc>
<doc id="18707718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707718" title="Km (hieroglyph)">
Km (hieroglyph)

The Egyptian hieroglyph for "black" in Gardiner's sign list is numbered I6. Its phonetic value is . The "Wörterbuch der Aegyptischen Sprache-(Dictionary of the Egyptian Language)" lists no less than 24 different terms of km indicating 'black' such as black stone, metal, wood, hair, eyes, animals and people.
The most common explanation for the hieroglyph is under the Gardiner's Sign List, section I for "amphibious animals, reptiles, etc" is a crocodile skin with spines. Rossini and Schumann-Antelme propose that the "crocodile skin" hieroglyph actually shows claws coming out of the hide.
Besides 'black', the alternate use of the hieroglyph is for items terminating, coming-to-an-end, items of completion, hence a reference to charcoal, burning to its ending.
"km.t".
Ancient Egypt is commonly referred to as 'km.t' , with the theorized reference to the black Nile Delta earth. The determinative O49 is used to designate the term for 'country, inhabited/cultivated land', called the niw.t (a political designate). It is a circle with a cross which represents a street, 'town intersection'.
The 198 BC Rosetta Stone uses the Black (hieroglyph) three times to make the name of Egypt: km.t. Of the 22 placename uses for the "name of ancient Egypt", 7 are for another name of Egypt as iAt-M17-G1-X1:., signifying the soil of Egypt, N30: X1*Z2-N30:N23-X1:Z1, which is the Greek form of "Egypt", signifying it as "the (divine) place of the mound (of creation)" and the fertile black soil of the land after the Inundation. (Note the doubled hieroglyph, Gardiner N23, is used as the "Two Lands", (Upper Egypt, and Lower Egypt), and the common use of "Ta-Mer-t", and additionally uses of " 'Horus of the Two Lands' ".)
In the Demotic (Egyptian) text of the Rosetta Stone, the demotic for Egypt is " 'Kmi' ". There are three uses of the actual Kmi, but 7 others referenced as Kmi refer to iAt in the hieroglyphs. Other euphemistic references to Egypt in the Rosetta Stone include "Ta-Mer-t", which has the meaning of the 'full/fruitful/cultivated land', hr-tAwy, the 'lands of Horus', and tAwy, the "Two Lands."
Egyptian word examples, "conclusion, completion", kmt, km iri.
Coming to a conclusion, or completion is one use of the km hieroglyph in the words kmt and km iri ('to make an end'). The discussion of the biliteral states: "The conclusion of a document, written in black ink, ending the work, has the same semantic connotation." (as km for 'concluding') The Rossini, Schumann-Antelme write-up states that initially the word comes from "shield", ikm, and thus the original association with the crocodile.
Alternative glyph, X5 equivalent, items burning black to an ending.
Since the origin of the 'black' hieroglyph, and relationships to other forms showing vertical flame-like rises on the end of a flat-triangular shape, there has been discussion of this hieroglyph. As stated above, Schumann-Antelme and Rossini explain the crocodile skin, but with claws. The text by Egyptologists Mark Collier and Bill Manley describes the same ""crocodile skin"", Gardiner I6, as burning charcoal with flames.
Skin, I6 entry in 1920 Budge "dictionary".
The 1920 Budge dictionary, which is actually a compilation of ~200 referenced works, and ~120 authors has the following breakdown of the km entry. It is listed under "K"-(gardiner V31),V31 a third of the way into K. A small summary of the entries, and their referenced works follow:
The last three of four entries ending the 27 entries deal with black stones, or powders and black plants, or seeds; (all small multiple, plural, grains-of, items). They are preceded by entries 21 and 22, a "buckler", or "shield", and "black wood". Entry 26 is an "image", or "statue", using the vertical mummy hieroglyph gardiner A53, ("in the form of", "the custom of"). These last six entries are unreferenced.
The first 4 of 5 entries, kam, kam-t, or kamkam all deal with items coming to an end. (Entry four is untranslated and is from Pap. 3024, Lepsius, "Denkmaler"-(papyrus).) The references for the others in the first five are: Peasant, "Die Klagen des Bauern", 1908., Thes.-("Thesaurus Inscriptionum Aegyptiacarum", Brugsch);. A. Z.-(twice); "Shipwreck.", 118-("Tale of the shipwrecked sailor"); Amen.-(author: Amen-em-apt); and Thes. (again). 
Entries 6 to 20 deal with "black" or gods, or named items. Only 8 of these items reference black, but start by also referring to Coptic. Entries 6, 7, and 8 refer to coptic "KAME", for 6 and 8; entry 7 to coptic "KMOM", "KMEM". For entry 7, "to be black", Budge also references Revue-(Rev.); for entry 8, black items, Budge also references T.-(King Teta); and N.-(Pepi II-(King Nefer-ka-Ra). The other hieroglyph word entries of entry 9 to 20, have about fifteen further references, all starting with the km hieroglyph.
On the other hand, the works of Budge have not held up well in terms of recent hieroglyph scholarship since the 1930s. Even during Budge's own lifetime, many Egyptological scholars disputed Budge's interpretation of glyphs and texts. Today, no modern Egyptological scholar relies upon the works of E. A. W. Budge as evidence of proper glyph rendering, by either his translation or transliteration (his transliteration system was unique to Budge alone as most Egyptologists then (and today) relied upon the transcription and transliteration system developed by the Berlin School which issued the master compendium of Egyptian hieroglyphic language in 1926, "Wörterbuch der Aegyptischen Sprache" (7 Vols.), and which is detailed in the publication by A. H. Gardiner, "Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs" (1957)). As such, references to Budge's dictionary and "within" Budge's dictionary are considered highly suspect by most Egyptologists today, as they do not actually relate back to the terms as he defined them.
Shield.
"Shield", ikm and another word with an approximate "km" cognate, " 'khm" starting with the vowel ( ' ), 'khm, meaning "to put to an end" are the possible words related to the origins of the crocodile skin, and the 'verb of action', of items coming to an end. The second word " 'khm" has nine entries in the Budge dictionary, shield, "ikam", has two entries.

</doc>
<doc id="18707721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707721" title="Head lice infestation">
Head lice infestation

Head lice infestation (also known as pediculosis capitis, or as "having nits" or "having cooties") the colonization of the hair by the head louse ("Pediculus humanus capitis"), typically only involves the head or scalp of the human host. Head lice feed on human blood; itching from lice bites is a common symptom of this condition. Treatment includes application of topical insecticides such as a pyrethrin or permethrin, although a variety of herbal remedies are also common.
Lice infestation in general is known as pediculosis, and occurs in many mammalian and bird species. The term pediculosis capitis, or simply "pediculosis", is sometimes used to refer to the specific human pediculosis due to "P. humanus capitis" (i.e., head-louse infestation). Humans are hosts for two other lice as well — the body louse and the crab louse.
Head-lice infestation is widely endemic, especially in children. It is a cause of some concern in public health, although, unlike human body lice, head lice are not carriers of other infectious diseases. It has been suggested that in the past, head lice infection has been a mutualistic beneficial condition which helps to defend against the far more dangerous disease-carrying body louse.
Signs and symptoms.
The most common symptom of infestation is pruritus (itching) on the head which normally intensifies 3 to 4 weeks after the initial infestation. The bite reaction is very mild and it can be rarely seen between the hairs. Bites can be seen, especially in the neck of long-haired individuals when the hair is pushed aside. In rare cases, the itch scratch cycle can lead to secondary infection with impetigo and pyoderma. Swelling of the local lymph nodes and fever are rare. Head lice are not known to transmit any pathogenic microorganisms.
Cause.
Head lice are generally spread through direct head-to-head contact with an infested person; transmission by sharing bedding or clothing such as headwear is much less common. Body lice are spread through direct contact with the body, clothing or other personal items of a person already carrying lice. Pubic lice are most often spread by intimate contact with an infested person. Head lice occur on the head hair, body lice on the clothing, and pubic lice mainly on the hair near the groin. Human lice do not occur on pets or other animals. Lice do not have wings and cannot jump.
From each egg or "nit" may hatch one nymph that will grow and develop to the adult louse. Full-grown lice are found to be the size of a sesame seed. Lice feed on blood 1-8 times each day by piercing the skin with their tiny needle-like mouthparts. Lice cannot burrow into the skin.
Head lice and body lice ("Pediculus humanus") are similar in appearance, although the head lice is often smaller. Pubic lice ("Pthirus pubis"), on the other hand, are quite distinctive. They have shorter bodies and pincer-like claws, and are colloquially known as "crabs". Head lice are not known to be transmitters of diseases, unlike body lice.
Diagnosis.
The condition is diagnosed by the presence of lice or eggs in the hair, which is facilitated by using a magnifying glass or running a comb through the child's hair. In questionable cases, a child can be referred to a health professional. However, the condition is overdiagnosed, with extinct infestations being mistaken for active ones. As a result, lice-killing treatments are more often used on noninfested than infested children. The use of a louse comb is the most effective way to detect living lice. In cases of children with dirty, long and/or curly/frizzy hair, an alternative method of diagnosis is examination by parting the hair at 2 cm intervals to look for moving lice near the scalp. With both methods, special attention should be paid to the area near the ears and the nape of the neck. The examiner should examine the scalp for at least 5 minutes. The use of a magnifying glass to examine the material collected between the teeth of the comb could prevent misdiagnosis.
The presence of nits alone, however, is not an accurate indicator of an active head louse infestation. Children with nits on their hair have a 35-40% chance of also being infested with living lice and eggs. If lice are detected, the entire family needs to be checked (especially children up to the age of 13 years) with a louse comb, and only those who are infested with living lice should be treated.
As long as no living lice are detected, the child should be considered negative for head louse infestation. Accordingly, a child should be treated with a pediculicide ONLY when living lice are detected on his/her hair (not because he/she has louse eggs/nits on the hair and not because the scalp is itchy).
Prevention.
Examination of the child’s head at regular intervals using a louse comb allows the diagnosis of louse infestation at an early stage. Early diagnosis makes treatment easier and reduces the possibility of infesting others. In times and areas when louse infestations are common, weekly examinations of children, especially those 4–15 yrs old, carried out by their parents will aid control. Additional examinations are necessary if the child came in contact with infested individuals, if the child frequently scratches his/her head, or if nits suddenly appear on the child’s hair. Keeping long hair tidy could be helpful in the prevention of infestations with head lice.
Clothes, towels, bedding, combs and brushes, which came in contact with the infested individual, can be disinfected either by leaving them outside for at least 2 weeks or by washing them at 60°C(140 degrees F) for 30 minutes. This is because adult lice can survive only one to two days without a blood meal, and are highly dependent on human body warmth. An insecticidal treatment of the house and furniture is not necessary.
Treatment.
Except for recent studies on neem seed extract, there is no product or method which assures 100% destruction of the eggs and hatched lice after a single treatment. However, there are a number of treatment modalities that can be employed with varying degrees of success. These methods include chemical treatments, natural products, combs, shaving, hot air, and silicone-based lotions however all effective treatments require a two-fold process of killing both the adult lice and the eggs. Generally the eggs (nits) need to be manually picked off one by one in order to ensure all live eggs are removed.
Lice on the hair and body are usually treated with medicated shampoos or cream rinses. Nit combs can be used to remove lice and nits from the hair. Laundering clothes using high heat can eliminate body lice. Efforts to treat should focus on the hair or body (or clothes), and not on the home environment.
Some lice have become resistant to certain (but not all) insecticides used in commercially available anti-louse products. A physician or pharmacist can prescribe or suggest treatments. Empty eggs of head lice may remain attached to the hair shaft long after the lice have been eliminated, but rarely are adult lice seen even with an active infestation. Since there is no way to determine whether each egg is alive or dead, chemical treatment (which may not kill the eggs) should be considered only when live (crawling) lice are discovered in order to kill the adults. Instead, nitpicking, which is checking each hair strand for eggs and picking off each egg, should be used to prevent the possibility of an egg hatching resulting in reinfestation.
Tea Tree Oil is one of the few natural ingredients that have been proven to be effective in laboratory tests. Other home remedies such as putting vinegar, isopropyl alcohol, olive oil, mayonnaise, or melted butter under a shower cap have been disproven. Similarly, the CDC claims that swimming has no effect on treating lice, and can in fact harm the treatment by commercial products.
Epidemiology.
The number of cases of human louse infestations (or pediculosis) has increased worldwide since the mid-1960s, reaching hundreds of millions annually.
Despite improvements in medical treatment and prevention of human diseases during the 20th century, head louse infestation remains stubbornly prevalent. In 1997, 80% of American elementary schools reported at least one outbreak of lice. Lice infestation during that same period was more prevalent than chicken pox.
About 6-12 million children between the ages of 3 and 11 are treated annually for head lice in the United States alone. High levels of louse infestations have also been reported from all over the world including Israel, Denmark, Sweden, U.K., France and Australia.
The number of children per family, the sharing of beds and closets, hair washing habits, local customs and social contacts, healthcare in a particular area (e.g. school) and socioeconomic status were found to be significant factors in head louse infestation. Girls are 2-4 times more frequently infested than boys. Children between 4 and 13 years of age are the most frequently infested group. In the U.S., African-American children have lower rates of infestation.
The United Kingdom's National Health Service and many American health agencies [http://www.nyc.gov/html/doh/html/cd/cdped.shtml][http://www.nhsdirect.nhs.uk/articles/article.aspx?articleId=186&PrintPage=1][http://www.worsleyschool.net/science/files/lice/page.html] report that lice "prefer" clean hair because it's easier to attach eggs and to cling to the strands; however, this is often contested.
Head lice ("Pediculus humanus capitis") infestation is most frequent on children aged 3–10 and their families. Females get head lice twice as often as males, and infestation in persons of Afro-Caribbean or other black descent is rare because of hair consistency. But these children may have nits that hatch and the live lice could be transferred by head contact to other children.

</doc>
<doc id="18707730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707730" title="Southwestern Bulgarian dialects">
Southwestern Bulgarian dialects

The Southwestern Bulgarian dialects are a group of Bulgarian dialects which are located west of the yat boundary and are part of the Western Bulgarian dialects. The range of the Southwestern dialects on the territory of Bulgaria includes most of west central and southwestern Bulgaria. The Southwestern dialects border on the Northwestern dialects to the north, the Transitional dialects to the northwest and the Balkan dialects and the Rup dialects to the northeast and southeast, respectively. If the Macedonian language is regarded as a third literary form of Modern Bulgarian, then the Southwestern dialects extend west and southwest to include the Slavic dialects in Vardar Macedonia and the western half of Greek Macedonia. Should the Macedonian language be counted as a separate language, then the southernmost dialect of the group, the Blagoevgrad-Petrich or Pirin dialect, along with the corresponding variety on the Macedonian side of the border, the Maleshevo dialect, constitute a transitional dialect between Bulgarian and Macedonian. A defining characteristic of the Southwestern dialects is the gradual transition from one dialect to another, as well as to dialects which belong to other dialectal groups. For example, the Dupnitsa dialect is transitional to both the Samokov dialect and the Blagoevgrad-Petrich dialect, the Botevgrad dialect is transitional to the Eastern Bulgarian Balkan dialects, and especially to the Pirdop dialect, etc. etc.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For the phonological and morphological characteristics of the individual dialects included in the dialectal group, cf. individual articles.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="18707734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707734" title="Máel Dúin mac Áedo Alláin">
Máel Dúin mac Áedo Alláin

Máel Dúin mac Áedo Alláin (died 788) was a King of Ailech and head of the Cenél nEógain branch of the northern Uí Néill. He was the son of Áed Allán (died 743), a high king of Ireland. He ruled from 770 to 788.
His uncle, the high king Niall Frossach (died 778), abdicated in 770 or 772 at which time Máel Dúin became King of Ailech. Expeditions by the new high king, Donnchad Midi (died 797) of Clann Cholmáin of the southern Ui Neill, to assert his authority in the north are recorded in 771 and 772. The killing of his uncle Conchobar in 772 is also recorded.
Authority in the north during the time of Donnchad Midi appears to have been held by the rival Cenél Conaill in the person of Domnall mac Áeda Muindeirg (died 804) who had the title King in the North in the annals in 779. In 787 however, Máel Dúin defeated Domnall and the Cenél Conaill in the battle and wrested the overlordship of the north from him. At his death obit in 788, Máel Dúin had the title King of In Fochla or King of the north.
His son Murchad mac Máele Dúin (died 823) was a King of Ailech. He was succeeded as King of Ailech by his cousin Áed Oirdnide (died 819) who became high king in 797.

</doc>
<doc id="18707758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707758" title="The Best of Shaggy">
The Best of Shaggy

The Best of Shaggy is the third compilation album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released through joint agreement between EMI and Virgin Records. The album was released on August 4, 2008. The album includes material from his first four albums, as well as his collaboration with Maxi Priest, from his album "Man With The Fun". As Shaggy's later releases were under a different record label, EMI and Virgin did not hold the right to release tracks from them.

</doc>
<doc id="18707759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707759" title="Akinyele Umoja">
Akinyele Umoja

Akinyele Umoja is an educator and scholar-activist. Dr. Umoja has varied experiences as an educator. He has taught in secondary schools, alternative schools, and colleges and universities, as well as developed Afrikan-centered curriculum for public schools and community education programs.
Currently, he is an Associate Professor and department chair in the Department of African-American Studies at Georgia State University (GSU). At GSU, Umoja is responsible for teaching courses related to the history of people of African descent in Georgia, the Civil Rights Movement and other Black political and social movements, courses on the enslavement of African people in the New World, African religion and philosophy, and 19th and 20th century Black political and social movements.
Dr. Umoja’s writing has been featured in scholarly publications as "The Journal of Black Studies", "New Political Science", "The International Journal of Africana Studies", "Black Scholar", "Radical History Review" and "Socialism and Democracy". Umoja was one of the contributors to "Blackwell Companion on African-American History", edited by Alton Hornsby; "The Black Panther Party Reconsidered", edited by Charles Earl Jones;"Liberation, Imagination, and the Black Panther Party", edited by Kathleen Cleaver and George Katisaficus; and "Malcolm X: A Historical Reader", edited by James Conyers and Andrew Smallwood. In April 2013, New York University Press published Umoja's first single authored book titled WE WILL SHOOT BACK: ARMED RESISTANCE IN THE MISSISSIPPI FREEDOM MOVEMENT.
Umoja has been active over thirty-five years in the liberation struggle of Afrikan people, particularly working with the New Afrikan Independence Movement. He is a founding member of the New Afrikan Peoples Organization and the Malcolm X Grassroots Movement. Brother Umoja has represented both organizations nationally and in international forums in the Caribbean, Africa, and Europe. He is particularly committed to work to support and gain amnesty for political prisoners and prisoners of war and to win reparations for Afrikan people. Umoja has also involved himself in the solidarity movement for democracy and self-determination of Haiti.
Dr. Umoja has been a contributor to commercial and popular documentaries on the experience of the Black Freedom struggle. Umoja was a featured commentator on American Gangster Dr. Mutulu Shakur Season 3, Episode 6, which aired on November 8, 2008. He also appears in "Bastards of the Party" (2006), produced by Anthony Fuqua and directed by Cle "Bone" Sloan, and Freedom Archives "Cointelpro 101" (2010).
Interviews.
Muhammad Speaks Interviews Dr. Akinyele Umoja, Part 1
CNN interview with Dr. Akinyele Umoja

</doc>
<doc id="18707764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707764" title="Of Mice and Men (opera)">
Of Mice and Men (opera)

Of Mice and Men is an opera in three acts by the American composer Carlisle Floyd. The English libretto was written by Floyd and is based on the novella of the same name by John Steinbeck. The opera was composed in 1969.
History.
"Of Mice and Men" was first performed on January 22, 1970 by the Seattle Opera at the Moore Theater. In 2004, Albany Records produced a recording of the opera. The opera is included for performance in the 2011 Opera Australia season and is directed by Australian film director Bruce Beresford.Sarasota Opera presented it in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18707786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707786" title="The Get Up Kids / Coalesce">
The Get Up Kids / Coalesce

"Burned Bridges/I'm Giving Up On This One" is a split EP between Kansas City, Missouri bands The Get Up Kids and Coalesce. The album was released on colored vinyl in 1996 on Second Nature Recordings. There were 13 different pressings of the album, with each pressing on different colored vinyl. The album is unique in that each band picked one of the other band's songs to cover in their own style. The Get Up Kids covered the song "Harvest of Maturity" from Coalesce's self-titled debut album, and Coalesce covered "Second Place" from The Get Up Kids' Woodson EP. The album was recorded at Red House Studios in Eudora, Kansas and produced by Ed Rose, who would also go on to produce several other albums by both bands.
Personnel.
The Get Up Kids
Coalesce

</doc>
<doc id="18707788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707788" title="Lu Bin (athlete)">
Lu Bin (athlete)

Lu Bin (born 19 May 1987 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres.
Lu represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Hu Kai, Zhang Peimeng and Wen Yongyi. In their qualification heat they placed fourth behind Jamaica, Canada and Germany. Their time of 39.13 was the eighth fastest out of sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. There they were however disqualified and placed at the eighth position.

</doc>
<doc id="18707796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707796" title="Kirill Lyamin">
Kirill Lyamin

Kirill Lyamin (born January 13, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is currently playing with Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Playing career.
Lyamin is a product of the HC CSKA ice hockey system. The young defenceman spent started playing for the Super League (Russia 1) club during the 2003-04 season at just the age of 16. He was a longtime member of the U18 and the U20 national teams and was drafted by the Ottawa Senators in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft with the 58th overall pick in the second round. After the draft, Lyamin spent another two seasons with CSKA before signing a new deal with HC Khimik, where he played through the 2007-08 season. In 2008, he signed with Spartak Moscow.
On 24 May 2011, Lyamin signed a two-year deal with Avangard Omsk.

</doc>
<doc id="18707798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707798" title="Sarah Walker (television presenter)">
Sarah Walker (television presenter)

Sarah Walker, born March 29, 1974 is a property investor, broadcaster and freelance property writer, best known for her role in "To Buy or Not to Buy".
Biography.
When she was younger, Sarah’s parents moved many times throughout England and Scotland and she developed a natural feel for different homes and relocation. Sarah graduated from Aberdeen University in 1996 with a Masters degree in English, and then spent 8 months in Southern Italy, teaching in a private school and learning the language.She became seriously interested in the housing market when she bought her own flat and subsequently worked for three years as an estate agent, valuing and selling residential properties in Berkshire and Surrey. Her natural aptitude for advising clients on how to make the most of their homes, together with her study of interior design and soft furnishings, resulted in her setting up her own home image consultancy.
Broadcasting.
In the summer of 2003, Sarah auditioned for the BBC and was chosen to be the property stylist for 10 one-hour specials of the already successful 'To Buy or Not to Buy'. She was then invited to co-present the second series with Kristian Digby and in 2007 finished filming the sixth series, co-presenting with Simon Rimmer. She has also presented 'Trading Up', featured on Colin McAllister and Justin Ryan's '20 Quickest Ways...' on Five, co-presented ‘The Property Market’ in Bulgaria for the Overseas Property Channel, and appeared a number of times on BBC Breakfast and Radio Five Live in her capacity as a property expert. 
As a speaker, theatre host and expert panelist, Sarah has appeared at property shows and exhibitions around the UK, including BBC Good Homes, Invest in Property, RETV Live, Homes Overseas, The Home & Garden Show, Viva Italia and Landlord & Buy to Let Show. She writes for a number of interior style, home and investment publications on a wide variety of UK and overseas property-related subjects, is the Property Editor for Gay Times Magazine, and works freelance as PR & Communications Manager for Platinum Property Partners http://www.platinumpropertypartners.net/, the world’s first property investment franchise. As a Franchise Partner in the business, she is currently building a cash-positive investment portfolio in Bournemouth & Poole.

</doc>
<doc id="18707801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707801" title="Liang Jiahong">
Liang Jiahong

Liang Jiahong (born 6 March 1988 in Longjiang, Shunde, Foshan, Guangdong) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. 
He finished fifth at the 2006 World Junior Championships. At the 2007 Asian Championships he won a bronze medal in relay. He was a back up runner in the 4x100 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. However, he won the relay gold medal at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009. He won the relay silver medal with China at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships later that year.
His personal best time is 10.32 seconds, achieved in July 2006 in Macau. In the 200 metres he has 20.83 seconds, achieved in April 2008 in Hangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18707827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707827" title="Vratsa dialect">
Vratsa dialect

The Vratsa dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the region of Vratsa in northwestern Bulgaria. The Vratsa dialect borders on the transitional Belogradchik dialect to the west, the Northwestern Byala Slatina-Pleven dialect to the north and east, the Botevgrad dialect to the southeast and the Sofia dialect to the south.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#vrachanski]

</doc>
<doc id="18707859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707859" title="Ichthyaetus">
Ichthyaetus

Ichthyaetus is a genus of gulls. They were included in the genus "Larus" until recently.

</doc>
<doc id="18707888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707888" title="Corymbia dallachiana">
Corymbia dallachiana

Corymbia dallachiana commonly known as Ghost Gum or Dallachy's gum, is an evergreen tree that is native to Eastern Australia. It grows up to 20 metres in height and has white to cream and pink-tinged bark, often with brown scales. Bark sheds seasonally in thin scales. White flowers appear in from late summer through midwinter and the fruit are woody brown goblet shaped, valved capsules.
Ghost Gum occurs in a wide range of environments from humid coastal regions to arid up to 1000 km inland. The plant is indicative of infertile and shallow soils in coastal regions but occupies a wider range of environments in more arid parts of its range. In the western parts of central Queensland the species intergrades with "Corymbia aparrerinja", a species with which it was once lumped as "C. papuana".

</doc>
<doc id="18707908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707908" title="Roman Voloshenko">
Roman Voloshenko

Roman Voloshenko (born May 12, 1986) is an ice hockey player who, despite being from Belarus has played for the U18 and the U20 Russian National Teams, and has spent a large portion of his life in Russia. He spent his first professional years skating for the Soviet Wings (Krilia Sovetov) in the Russian High League (Russia 2). The young forward was drafted by the Minnesota Wild in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft with the 42nd overall pick in the second round. The young forward then moved to the United States and skated for the Minnesota Wild's AHL farm club the Houston Aeros.

</doc>
<doc id="18707916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707916" title="National Honey Show">
National Honey Show

The National Honey Show is an annual British show of honey and other bee products.
It first took place in 1923 at The Crystal Palace, and continued to be held there until 1936, when The Crystal Palace burnt down. The National Honey Show is currently is held every October () at St George's College, Weybridge, Surrey. Events that take place at the show include several Competitions (Honey, Mead, Beeswax, etc.), Workshops and Lectures.

</doc>
<doc id="18707917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707917" title="Customer lifecycle management">
Customer lifecycle management

Customer Lifecycle Management, or CLM is the measurement of multiple customer related metrics, which, when analyzed for a period of time, indicate performance of a business. The overall scope of the CLM implementation process encompasses all domains or departments of an organization, which generally brings all sources of static and dynamic data, marketing processes, and value added services to a unified decision supporting platform through iterative phases of customer acquisition, retention, cross and up-selling, and lapsed customer win-back.
Some detailed CLM models further breakdown these phases into acquisition, introduction to products, profiling of customers, growth of customer base, cultivation of loyalty among customers, and termination of customer relationship.
According to a DM Review magazine article by Claudia Imhoff, et al., "The purpose of the customer life cycle is to define and communicate the stages through which a customer progresses when considering, purchasing and using products, and the associated business processes a company uses to move the customer through the customer life cycle."
External links.
[http://www.crosscode.in/index.php/2013-04-18-10-43-17/data/customer-lifecycle-management]

</doc>
<doc id="18707927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707927" title="Quechumaran languages">
Quechumaran languages

Quechumaran is a language-family proposal that unites Quechua and Aymara. Quechuan languages, especially those of the south, share a large amount of vocabulary with Aymara. Kaufman finds the proposal reasonably convincing, but Willem Adelaar, a Quechua specialist, believes the similarities to be due to borrowing during long-term contact. Lyle Campbell suspects that the proposal is valid, but does not consider it to have been conclusively proven.

</doc>
<doc id="18707938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707938" title="Oswald Menghin">
Oswald Menghin

Oswald Menghin (19 April 1888 – 29 November 1973) was an Austrian Prehistorian and University professor. He established an international reputation before the War, while he was professor at the University of Vienna. His work on race and culture was serviceable to the German nationalist movement of the 1930s. At the time of the Anschluss he served as Minister of Education in the cabinet formed by Arthur Seyß-Inquart. He avoided indictment as a war criminal and resumed his career in Argentina after the war. 
Life.
Menghin was born in Meran, Tyrol. He qualified for inauguration as an academic lecturer in 1913, for his work "Urgeschichte des Menschen" ("The Proto-History of Mankind"). After the death of Moritz Hoernes he emerged as university professor of the Protohistorical Institute of the University of Vienna from 1917 until 1945, and furthermore he was from 1930 to 1933 professor at the University of Cairo. 
From 1919 to 1926 Menghin was a member of Secret Nazi Society Deutsche Gemeinschaft (the German Fellowship), in which he got to know Arthur Seyß-Inquart. 
In 1932 he participated in the "First International Congress of Prehistoric and Protohistoric Sciences" in London in 1932 with Hugo Obermaier and others. In 1934 he published "Geist und Blut".
For the academic year of 1935/36 he was appointed Rector of the University of Vienna. After numerous unsuccessful attempts there followed in 1936 his election as a regular Member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences. From July 1936 to June 1937 he was a member of the governing council of the Viennese National (Vaterländische) Front.
On 11 March 1938 he became Education Minister in the so-called Anschluss-Cabinet of Seyß-Inquart. During his term with the Party down to the end of May, there occurred not only the decree of the Anschluss itself, but also the so-called "Cleansing" of the University of Vienna. This meant that a fixed ratio of 2% was brought in for Jewish students, and about 40% of the teaching body were dismissed on account of "jewish origins" proportionately on "political grounds". In August 1938 Menghin went back to the University of Vienna.
In Catholic circles he was considered a traitor from March 1938 onwards, and was discharged (excluded) from his Cartellverband (Catholic Union-group), the Rudolfina Wien (which like all Catholic unions had been banned), at a formal underground meeting held on 12 November 1938.
After the War he was included, as a member of the Seyß-Inquart regime, on the primary list of war criminals. He was however not indicted, but came to an American internment camp, where he made statements. 1948 was the year in which he went over to Argentina, where he became University Professor in Buenos Aires, and from 1957 also at the University of La Plata. Proceedings against him were dropped in 1956. In 1959 he became a corresponding member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences. He died, aged 85, on 29 November 1973 in Buenos Aires in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="18707943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707943" title="Bloodlines of Salem">
Bloodlines of Salem

Bloodlines of Salem is a Salt Lake City-based family-history group in the United States of America. Its purpose was described as providing a "place where visitors share ideas and information about the Salem witch trials of 1692, its participants and their families. Many visitors have researched and proved their descents from one or more of the participants. The trials unfolded more than three centuries ago and continue to figure prominently in the studies of history, law and religion. As amateur and professional researchers, or 'Salemologists,' however, their study of the trials isn't limited to their lineages."
Membership.
A person is eligible to register a membership with the group if he or she proposes in writing 1) a desire to register, 2) an agreement with the group promise to "remember the Salem Witch Trials and its participants by associating their families and preserving their lineages," "share commercial, genealogical and historical information about the trials and its participants," and "educate others about group and promise," and 3) a name, city of residence and contact information. The person won't be charged a registration fee, may use the postnominal abbreviation "MBoS," and may request at any time to cancel or change the registration.
A person is eligible to register a descendant membership with the group if he or she is otherwise eligible to register a membership and proves beyond doubt his or her descent from or relationship to one or more participants of the trials with lineages showing detailed descendancy. The person won't be charged a registration fee, may use the postnominal abbreviation "DBoS," may request at any time to cancel or change the registration, and must include proof of parentage for each generation, beginning with his or her own, so that the person named first in a generation was a child or relative of the couple named in the following generation.
History.
The group was founded in 2007 in Salt Lake City, home of the worldwide Family History Library, to encourage and provide resources to persons who are or suspect they are descendants and relatives of trials participants, or enjoy an interest in the trials.
Activities.
Group researchers investigate and publish evidence of notable descendants and relatives of trials participants. Its 2007 investigation discovered that "Harry Potter" film actor Tom Felton is a relative of several participants including Lt. Nathaniel Felton and John Proctor, who was hanged during the trials. Its 2008 investigation discovered that U.S. President George W. Bush is a descendant or relative of up to 217 participants including as an 8th great-grandson of Mary Parker who was hanged during the trials.

</doc>
<doc id="18707960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707960" title="Sigfússon">
Sigfússon

Sigfússon is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Sigfús". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18707961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707961" title="Framingham Railroad Station">
Framingham Railroad Station

Framingham Railroad Station is a historic Boston and Albany Railroad station located in downtown Framingham, Massachusetts. Designed by noted American architect H. H. Richardson, it was one of the last of the railroad stations he designed in the northeastern United States to be built. The station, built in 1884-85, served as a major stop on the B&A Main Line as well as a hub for branch lines to Milford, Mansfield, Fitchburg, and Lowell. After years of deterioration, the station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975, and restored a decade later. 
In 2001, MBTA Framingham/Worcester Line and Amtrak operations were shifted to a new set of platforms nearby, which have high-level sections for handicapped-accessible boarding and a footbridge for crossing the tracks. This new Framingham station is among the busiest on the MBTA system, with 41 daily MBTA and 2 Amtrak trains on weekdays. The H.H. Richardson-designed station building remains largely intact and is currently used as a restaurant.
History.
Boston and Worcester Railroad.
The Boston and Worcester Railroad, which had opened from Boston to Newton in April 1834, opened to South Framingham in August 1834. The village's first major station, a 2-story wooden Dutch Colonial structure, was constructed in 1848. After being replaced, it was moved slightly west and converted to a freight house - a function it served until it was demolished in the 1960s.
Over the next several decades, South Framingham became an important regional rail hub. The Boston and Worcester built its 12-mile Milford Branch from South Framingham to Milford via Holliston in 1848. The next year, the B&W built a short branch to Framingham Center, which the B&W mainline had bypassed. This line, later called the Agricultural Branch Railroad, was extended to Pratts Junction in Sterling in 1855. The Agricultural Branch and the Framingham & Lowell (which branched off it at Framingham Center) were the northernmost section of the Old Colony Railroad, which took over the lines in 1879. The Old Colony's access to South Framingham was the Mansfield & Framingham, which opened in 1870 and was also acquired in 1879. By the time of the Old Colony takeover, South Framingham featured the 1848-built station, a freight house, a car house, and three separate engine houses serving the various branch lines. Through service on the mainline operated as far as Albany; the B&W had joined with the Western Railroad in 1867 to become the Boston and Albany Railroad. Framingham began to be used occasionally as a short turn terminus for Boston-bound commuter trains in the early 1860s and continuously as such after 1864. To this day, some Framingham/Worcester Line trains are short-turned at Framingham.
H.H. Richardson depot.
Beginning in 1881, the Boston & Albany began a massive improvement program that included the building of over 30 new stations along its main line as well as the Highland Branch, which it bought in 1883. Famed architect H. H. Richardson was hired to design nine of these stations, including South Framingham which was commissioned in October 1883. The $62,718 station, built in 1884-85 by the Norcross Brothers company, was the largest and costliest of the nine. The station is a prime example of the Richardsonian Romanesque style, built of rough-hewn granite with contrasting details. The dominant roofline, dormers, arched bow window, and wooden interior are typical of the style. Like many of Richardson's designs, the station was well-praised; Henry-Russell Hitchcock called it a "better and somewhat more personal work" in "The Architecture of H.H. Richardson and His Time". A small square baggage room was built in the same style just east of the station, near the Concord Street (Route 126) grade crossing.
The station's importance remained through the first half of the 20th century. After the Boston & Albany was acquired by the New York Central Railroad in 1900, third and fourth tracks were extended in 1907 to South Framingham from Lake Crossing station in Wellesley. In 1911, the NYC considered laying third rail on the main line as far as South Framingham, as well as on the Highland Branch, to allow more frequent electric service on the lines. This would have been the only electrified commuter service directly into Boston, as neither the later-electrified Boston, Revere Beach and Lynn Railroad nor experimental electric service on the South Shore Railroad went directly to downtown. However, the plan was abandoned because the infrastructure cost would have exceeded the annual savings on fuel. (In 1959, the Highland Branch received catenary wire and was turned into the Green Line "D" Branch).
Due in no small part to the presence of the station, South Framingham eclipsed Framingham Center in size; by the 1940s, the village and the station were simply known as Framingham. Traffic on the B&A and its various branch lines, though, had been decreasing since World War I. In 1919, Agricultural Branch trains were cut to Framingham requiring a transfer to continue Boston or Mansfield. The line was cut back to Marlborough in 1931, and passenger service ended in 1937. Passenger service on the Mansfield & Framingham ended in 1933. The Milford Branch lasted the longest of the Boston & Albany branch lines; it was cut to one daily trip in 1953 and terminated in April 1959.
MBTA era.
In January 1960 the New York Central planned to end all service on the line, due to the opening of the Green Line "D" Branch to Riverside in July 1959. However, in April the railroad was ordered to continue limited service, leaving Framingham with 8 daily round trips. When the extension of the Massachusetts Turnpike to downtown Boston began in 1961, the third and fourth tracks were removed. The NYC merged into Penn Central in 1968; by 1969, Framingham saw just 4 daily round trips. 
The MBTA began subsidizing service as far as Framingham in January 1973; the last Worcester round trip ended on October 27, 1975, leaving Framingham as the terminus of the line. The modern Amtrak "Lake Shore Limited" was established 4 days later and has provided intercity service stopping at Framingham since. From 1996 to until their 2004 discontinuation, Amtrak Inland Route trains also stopped at Framingham.
By the 1970s, the station had fallen into disrepair; part of the roof actually collapsed in 1978. On January 17, 1975, the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Framingham Railroad Station. The building was restored in 1985, and has been occupied by various restaurants since. The original interior is no longer extant, but the exterior is mostly complete. The small baggage office east of the station building has been converted into a bank ATM.
When the Needham Line was closed in October 1979 for Southwest Corridor construction, service to Framingham was increased to compensate. By April 1984, the MBTA operated 12.5 daily round trips from Framingham. Service was restored to Worcester on September 26, 1994 as mitigation for delays in reopening the Old Colony Lines - the first time in 19 years that MBTA service continued past Framingham.
New station.
The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 mandated that all new construction on transit stations including making the stations handicapped accessible. Because the 1885 depot is very close to the tracks, such upgrades at the old station location would have been difficult. New platforms, with mini-high platforms on their west ends for level boarding, were built just west of the former station. A footbridge with two elevators was built to allow passengers to reach the outbound platform without crossing the tracks, which carry slow-moving CSX freight service as well as MBTA and Amtrak trains. The new station was built in 2000 and opened in early 2001.
Framingham currently sees 20.5 weekday MBTA round trips to Boston, with 8 to 9 round trips on weekends. On weekdays, Framingham is the only station other than South Station and Back Bay at which all trains stop. Most trains run to/from Worcester, but some terminate at Framingham instead. Average weekday inbound ridership is 1,150 passengers, making Framingham the busiest station on the line. Framingham also has Amtrak intercity service via the daily "Lake Shore Limited", which runs to Chicago's Union Station via Albany–Rensselaer. 
Grade crossings.
The crossings at Beaver Street and Concord Street (Route 126) near the station are the first grade crossings on the line heading westbound; there are only three others on the largely grade-separated line east of Worcester. The Concord Street crossing was one of the last in the state with a crossing guard; he was replaced by an automated system in 1986. The crossing is problematic because passing freight trains often result in delays both on Route 126, as well as Route 135 which crosses it just south of the tracks. The frequent blockage of the crossing by passing trains reduces capacity in the intersection by 21% during the morning rush and 16% in the afternoon, resulting in delays and traffic jams in the downtown area. Increased service levels planned by the MBTA would result in morning capacity reduction of 34% and afternoon reduction of 28%. 
The first discussion of improving the intersection and grade crossing was a study in 1898, since which there have been about three dozen more. The most recent, a 2009 study of the downtown area, examined the possibility of depressing Route 126 under the grade crossing and intersection as well as several other alternatives including bypasses. The Route 126 depression was deemed to create barriers to walkability downtown, and the recommended alternative was to depress Route 135 under the intersection to prevent it from being affected by trains passing through the grade crossing.
Funds have not yet become available for final design and construction.
Other Framingham stations.
Besides the main depot at the South Framingham junction, Framingham has been served by a number of stations inside or just outside its borders. The Agricultural Branch included three of these stations. One, variously known as Montwait, Mt. Wayte, and Lakeview, was located just north of Mt. Wayte Avenue at the north end of Farm Pond. The station served the Montwait neighborhood as well as the Montwait Camp Ground, a worship camp used by Methodist, Chautaqua, and later Pentecostal groups from the 1870s to the 1910s. The Framingham Centre station - at times known simply as Framingham - located at Maynard Street adjacent to Route 9. Opened in 1849, it also served the Framingham & Lowell after that line opened in 1871. A freight house and coal shed were located nearby to the north. Fayville station was located just over the Southborough border in the Fayville village and also served the western reaches of Framingham. The station was placed at Central Street between Route 9 and Route 30 at or after the 1855 opening of the line. The three stations closed with the end of passenger service on the branch in 1937; none of the buildings remain.
The Framingham & Lowell shared the South Framingham and Framingham Centre stations after its 1871 opening. An additional station, variously known as North Framingham and Nobscot, was located between Water Street and Edgell road, near the modern Nobscot Shopping Center. The station closed with the end of passenger service in the 1930s and is no longer extant.
The Saxonville Branch - the only line in Framingham not connected to South Framingham - opened from Natick to Saxonville in July 1846. Two stations on the branch line were in Framingham. Cochituate station was at Commonwealth Road (Route 30) on Framingham's eastern border with Natick. The terminus station at Saxonville was a "typical B&A granite station" located off Concord Street north of School Street (Route 126). The lightly used line never saw more than three daily round trips; in 1936, passenger service was discontinued. A "bus" - the Saxonville station agent's car - ran to Natick station until 1943. Neither station is still extant.
No stations other than the South Framingham hub were located on the Boston & Albany mainline within Framingham. The stations in Ashland (still-extant downtown station closed in 1960; nearby park-and-ride station opened in 2002) and West Natick (opened 1982) serve some peripheral sections of Framingham.
Bus connections.
The central hub for the MetroWest Regional Transit Authority (MWRTA) is located at 2nd Street in Framingham, about a mile east of Framingham station. All of the agency's eleven routes except the Natick commuter shuttle connect at the hub. Routes 1 through 7 all travel through downtown Framingham, about two-tenths of a mile from the station. Two routes have direct service to Framingham station:

</doc>
<doc id="18707980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707980" title="Poitou donkey">
Poitou donkey

The Poitou donkey or Poitou ass (), also called the Poitevin donkey or simply the Poitou, is a breed of donkey originating in the Poitou region of France. It is one of the largest donkey breeds, and was selected for size so that it could be used for the production of large working mules, in conjunction with the Poitevin horse breed. The Poitou is known for its distinctive coat, called a "cadanette", which hangs in long, ungroomed cords. Breeders originally prized the coats highly, but today, many Poitous are shorn for hygienic reasons.
Poitous developed in the French Poitou region, possibly from donkeys introduced to the area by the Romans. They may have been a status symbol during the Middle Ages, and by the early 18th century, their physical characteristics had been established. A studbook for the breed was established in France in 1884, and the 19th and early 20th centuries saw them being used for the production of mules throughout Europe. During this same time, Poitou bloodlines were also used to develop other donkey breeds, including the American Mammoth Jack in the United States. Increasing mechanization in the mid-20th century saw a decline in the need for, and hence population of, Poitous, and by 1977, a survey found only 44 members of the breed worldwide. Conservation efforts were begun by a number of public and private breeders and organizations, and by 2005 there were 450 purebred Poitous.
Description.
The Poitou donkey is "instantly recognizable" for a number of unusual characteristics that distinguish it from other donkeys. Its shaggy coat, called a "cadanette", hangs in long cords when ungroomed because of the long, soft hair. Animals with great "cadanettes" of matted and tangled hair were most highly valued. A purebred Poitou has a more massive bone structure and a larger foot than a part-bred animal, but the shaggy coat is such a dominant trait that even a 1/8 Poitou donkey may resemble a pure-bred. In modern times, the Poitou's coat is still considered important but less so than size and measurements. Today, many Poitou donkeys are shorn for the purpose of hygiene, but some Poitou are allowed to grow their coats out so as to have ""bourailloux"", or coats of great length. The Poitou's coat is always dark brown or black. While lacking the stripes and cross-like markings on the coats of some other breeds of donkey, the Poitou should have a white underbelly, nose and rings around its eyes.
The Poitou is a large breed; among other European donkeys only the Andalucian donkey reaches a similar size. In order to breed large mules, the original developers of the Poitou chose breeding animals with large features, such as ears, heads and leg joints. The ears of the Poitou were developed to such an extent that their weight sometimes causes them to be carried horizontally. Modern Poitou donkeys stand high. They have large, long heads, strong necks, long backs, short croups and round haunches. The limb joints and feet are large, and the legs strong. The temperament of the Poitou has been described as "friendly, affectionate and docile". Historically, most Poitous were used to breed large mules, but in recent years, they have found an increasing number of uses. Breed enthusiasts use them for agricultural work, driving and riding.
History.
The exact origins of the Poitou are unknown, but donkeys and their use in the breeding of mules may have been introduced to the Poitou region of France by the Roman Empire. The "baudet de Poitou" (donkey of Poitou), and the "Mulassière" (mule breeder) horse breed (also known as the Poitevin) were developed together for the use of producing superior mules. In the Middle Ages, owning a Poitou donkey may have been a status symbol among the local French nobility. It is not known when the Poitou's distinctive characteristics were gained but they seem to have been well-developed by 1717 when an advisor to King Louis XV described:
There is found, in northern Poitou, donkeys which are as tall as large mules. They are almost completely covered in hair a half-foot long with legs and joints as large as a those of a carriage horse.
In the mid-1800s, Poitou mules were "regarded as the finest and strongest in France", and between 15,000 and 18,000 were sold annually. In 1884, a studbook was established for the Poitou donkey in France. During the first half of the 20th century, the mules bred by the Poitou and the Poitevin continued to be desired throughout Europe, and were called the "finest working mule in the world". Purchasers paid higher prices for Poitou mules than for other mules, and up to 30,000 mules were bred annually in the Poitou region, with some estimates putting the number as high as 50,000. As mechanization increased around World War II, mules became outmoded, and population numbers for both mules and donkeys dropped dramatically.
Poitou donkey and mule breeders were extremely protective of their breeding practices, some of which were "highly unusual and misguided." Jacks were kept in closed-in stalls throughout the year once they had begun covering mares, in often unhygienic conditions. Once the mares had been covered, a folk belief held that if they were underfed, they would produce colts, which were more valuable, rather than fillies. This often led to mares being starved during their pregnancies. Colostrum, vital for foal development, was considered unhealthy and withheld from newborns. A lack of breeding records resulted in fertility problems, and there was a significant amount of foal mortality, due to jacks being used to cover horse mares before jennies of their own kind, resulting in late-born foals that were vulnerable to cold fall and winter temperatures. Despite these husbandry issues, one author, writing in 1883, stated that "mule-breeding is about the only branch of agricultural industry in which France has no rival abroad, owing its prosperity entirely to the zeal of those engaged in it."
Conservation efforts.
A 1977 inventory revealed only 44 Poitou donkeys worldwide, and there were still fewer than 80 animals as of 1980. Conservation efforts were led by several public and private groups in France. In 1979, the Haras Nationaux (French National Stud) and the "Parc Naturel Regional du Marais Poitevin", working with private breeders, launched an effort to improve the genetics of the Poitou, develop new breeding techniques and collect traditional knowledge on the breed. In 1981, 18 large donkeys from Portugal were acquired for use in breeding Poitou donkeys. This preceded the creation of the "Asinerie Nationale Experimentale", which opened in Charente-Maritime in Dampierre-sur-Boutonne in 1982, as an experimental breeding farm for Poitous. The Parc also works to preserve the Poitevin horse breed. In 1988, SABAUD ("Association pour la Sauvegarde du Baudet du Poitou") was formed as a breeder network that focuses on marketing and fundraising for the breed, and in 1989 became the financial support arm of the "Asinerie Nationale Experimentale". "L’Association des Eleveurs des races Equine, Mulassiere et Asine, Baudet du Poitou" is the registering body for the Poitou donkey. The early conservation efforts were sometimes sidetracked as some breeders sold crossbred Poitous as purebreds, which are worth up to ten times as much. Forged pedigrees and registration papers were sometimes used to legitimize these sales. However, by the 1990s, DNA testing and microchip technology began to be used to identify and track purebred animals.
The conservation efforts in the latter decades of the 20th century and the early years of the 21st were successful, and a 2005 survey revealed 450 purebred registered animals. This number had dropped to just under 400 by 2011. The French studbook for the breed is split into two sections. The first, Livre A, is for purebred animals with documented Poitou parentage on both sides of their pedigree. The second, Livre B, is for animals with one purebred Poitou parent. The American Livestock Breeds Conservancy lists the Poitou as "Critical" on its Conservation Priority List, a category for breeds with less than 2,000 animals worldwide and less than 200 registrations annually in the US.
In 2001, scientists in Australia successfully implanted a Poitou donkey embryo created by artificial insemination in the womb of a Standardbred mare. Worries that joint problems might prevent a healthy pregnancy in the foal's biological mother led to the initiative. The resultant foal became one of three Poitou donkeys in Australia. The procedure was unusual because it is often difficult for members of one "Equus" species to accept implanted embryos from another species in the same genus.
In the United States.
Historical records exist of several sets of exports of Poitous from France to the US during the 19th and early 20th centuries, including a 1910 import of 10 donkeys. Most of these were integrated into the generic pool of donkey bloodstock, rather than being bred pure. During this time, Poitous were used in the creation of the American Mammoth Jack breed. Due to high purchase and transportation costs, the breed played a smaller role in the development of the Mammoth Jack than some breeders would have preferred. Imports to the US continued until at least 1937, when a successful breeding jack name Kaki, who stood high, was brought to the country. The 1940s through the 1960s saw a dearth of Poitou imports, and only a few arrived between 1978 and the 1990s. By 1996, there were estimated to only be around 30 Poitous in North America.
In 1996, Debbie Hamilton, an American, founded the Hamilton Rare Breeds Foundation on a farm in Hartland, Vermont, to breed Poitou donkeys. As of 2004, she owned 26 purebred and 14 partbred Poitous, making hers the largest Poitou breeding operation in the United States, and the second largest in the world, behind the French government-sponsored experimental farm. Hamilton works with French officials toward the preservation of the breed, and has received praise from French veterinarians, who appreciate her technical and financial contributions to the breed. Techniques for using cryopreservation to develop a sperm bank for Poitou donkeys have been in development in France since at least 1997, but Hamilton has pioneered the use of artificial insemination using frozen semen in the breed, in order to use genetic material from France to improve Poitou herds in the US. The North American Baudet de Poitou Society, organized by the American Donkey and Mule Society, is the American registry for the breed, coordinating with French officials for inspections and registrations of American-bred Poitou stock.

</doc>
<doc id="18707998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18707998" title="USS Constitution vs HMS Guerriere">
USS Constitution vs HMS Guerriere

The USS "Constitution" vs HMS "Guerriere", was a single ship action between the two ships during the War of 1812, approximately 400 miles southeast of Halifax, Nova Scotia. It took place shortly after war had broken out, and would prove to be an important victory for American morale.
Background.
When the United States declared war on Britain on 18 June 1812, the Royal Navy had eighty-five vessels in American waters. By contrast, the United States Navy, which was not yet twenty years old, was a frigate navy that had only twenty-two commissioned vessels. The chief fighting strength of the U.S. Navy was a squadron of three frigates and two sloops of war under Commodore John Rodgers, based in New York. A week after Congress declared war, United States Secretary of the Navy Paul Hamilton had sent orders to Rodgers to cruise off New York, and to Captain Isaac Hull, commanding the at Annapolis on Chesapeake Bay, to join Rodgers.
However, Rodgers set out to sea immediately when he heard of the declaration of war, before he could receive Hamilton's instructions. He feared that if he delayed he might be blockaded by a superior British fleet, but by sailing immediately he might catch isolated British ships before they could concentrate. He did indeed encounter the frigate , but the "Belvidera" escaped, aided by a bursting cannon aboard which injured Rodgers and caused much damage and confusion. Rodgers then crossed the Atlantic hoping to catch a valuable British convoy from the West Indies. The weather was foul throughout the voyage and Rodgers missed the convoy, capturing only seven small merchant vessels.
On hearing of the "Belvidera" encounter, Vice Admiral Herbert Sawyer, the commander of the Royal Navy's North American Station based at Halifax, Nova Scotia, despatched a squadron under Captain Philip Bowes Vere Broke to catch Rodgers' squadron. Broke's squadron consisted of the 64-gun ship of the line and the frigates "Shannon", "Aeolus", "Belvidera" and "Guerriere". By forcing the British to concentrate their force in one place, Rodgers had made it possible for large numbers of American merchant ships to reach other ports without being intercepted.
Pursuit of the "Constitution".
On the outbreak of war, the "Constitution" was at Annapolis, collecting a fresh crew, and was unable to sail for three weeks. When her captain, Isaac Hull, was able to put to sea, he headed for New York in accordance with Secretary Hamilton's orders. Near New York, in the late afternoon of 17 July 1812, Hull saw four ships sailing west, and another one heading straight towards the "Constitution". He thought the ships could be Rodgers' squadron, but was cautious. He ordered signal lights to be shown, and when the approaching ship did not identify herself, ordered the "Constitution" to keep her distance and wait for daylight to assess the situation. The approaching ship was the "Guerriere", rejoining Broke's squadron after having become separated. Aboard her, Captain James Richard Dacres soon determined that the "Constitution" was a hostile ship, but at dawn on 18 July, he sighted the other four British ships. His signals to them were not answered. Fearing that he was about to be trapped by Rodgers' entire squadron, Dacres also put as much distance between the "Guerriere" and the other ships as he could, thus missing a chance to trap "Constitution".
In light and fitful winds which occasionally died away altogether, the "Constitution" led the British squadron in a stern chase. The "Constitution" lowered her boats to tow the ship, while Broke ordered the boats from the entire British squadron to tow the "Shannon". In an attempt to pull away, Hull ordered ten tons of drinking water to be pumped overboard. Despite this, the British squadron continued to gain on the "Constitution". The "Constitution" First Lieutenant, Charles Morris, then suggested kedging to haul the ship along. This allowed "Constitution" to draw away from the "Shannon". Fire from four heavy guns which Hull had shifted to point right aft prevented the British trying the same tactic. Late in the afternoon, the wind sprang up again, and the "Constitution" increased her lead. The British ships gained slightly during the night, but the next day, "Constitution" drew away again, although the chase lasted another day and a night until the British ships were out of sight.
Following his escape, Hull sailed for Boston to replenish his drinking water supply, before setting out on 2 August to raid British merchant ships off Halifax and the mouth of the St. Lawrence River, before sailing south again towards Bermuda. The "Constitution" soon chased down the American privateer "Decatur", and her captain told Hull that he had escaped a British frigate the day before.
Broke had meanwhile sailed after the valuable West India convoy, assuming correctly that Rodgers was also searching for it. Three weeks after losing sight of the "Constitution" and having seen the convoy safely into British waters, Broke prepared to return to New York. The "Guerriere" was detached and ordered to proceed to Halifax for a much-needed refit.
Battle.
At 2:00 p.m. on 19 August, the "Constitution" sighted a large ship to leeward, and bore down to investigate. The weather was cloudy, and the wind was brisk. The strange ship proved to be the "Guerriere", whose crew recognised "Constitution" at about the same moment. Both ships prepared for action, and shortened sail to "fighting sail", i.e. topsails and jibs only. As the "Constitution" closed, Dacres first hove to to fire a broadside, which fell short, and then ran before the wind for three quarters of an hour with the "Constitution" on her quarter. Dacres yawed several times to fire broadsides at the "Constitution", but the "Guerriere" broadsides were generally inaccurate, while the few shots fired from "Constitution" foremost guns had little effect. After one cannonball bounced "harmlessly" off the side of the "Constitution", a crew member is said to have yelled "Huzzah! Her sides are made of iron!"
Once the range had closed to within a few hundred yards, Captain Hull ordered extra sail (the foresail and main topgallant sail) to be set, to close the distance quickly. Dacres did not match this manoeuvre, and the two ships began exchanging broadsides at "half pistol-shot", with the "Constitution" to starboard and "Guerriere" to port. After fifteen minutes of this exchange, during which "Guerriere" suffered far more damage than the "Constitution" due to the latter's larger guns and thicker hull, "Guerriere" mizzenmast fell overboard to starboard, acting like a rudder and dragging her around. This allowed "Constitution" to cross ahead of "Guerriere", firing a raking broadside which brought down the main yard. Hull then wore ship to cross "Guerriere" bow again, firing another raking broadside, but the manoeuvre was cut too close and the "Guerriere" bowsprit became entangled in the rigging of the "Constitution" mizzenmast.
On both ships, boarding parties were summoned, while musket fire broke out from each ship. Lieutenant Charles Morris and Captain Dacres were both wounded by musket shots. Only the narrow bowsprit provided a way between the ships, and in the heavy sea, neither side could venture across it. Some of the gunners aboard "Guerriere" fired at point-blank range into Hull's stern cabin, setting the American ship on fire briefly. The two locked ships slowly rotated clockwise until they broke free. The "Guerriere" foremast and mainmast both then fell "by the board" i.e. snapped off at deck level, leaving her helpless and rolling heavily. Dacres attempted to set sail on the bowsprit to bring his ship before the wind, but it too had been damaged and broke. The "Constitution" meanwhile ran downwind for several minutes, repairing damage to the rigging, before once again wearing and beating upwind to return to battle.
As "Constitution" prepared to renew the action, the "Guerriere" fired a shot in the opposite direction to the "Constitution". Sensing that this was an attempt to signal surrender, Hull ordered a boat to take a Lieutenant over to the British ship. When the Lieutenant walked onto the "Guerriere" and asked if "Guerriere" was prepared to surrender, Captain Dacres responded "Well, Sir, I don't know. Our mizzen mast is gone, our fore and main masts are gone-I think on the whole you might say we have struck our flag."
Aftermath.
Captain Dacres was escorted aboard the "Constitution". Hull refused to accept Dacres' sword of surrender, saying he could not accept the sword from a man who had fought so gallantly. He also ordered that Dacres' mother's Bible be returned to him. The "Guerriere" was clearly sinking, and the wounded were transferred to the "Constitution". Hull found that ten impressed Americans had been serving aboard "Guerriere" but Dacres had permitted them to stay below decks instead of fighting their countrymen.
Hull wanted the "Guerriere" towed in as a prize ship. The "Constitution" lay by the "Guerriere" during the night but at daybreak it was obvious that the "Guerriere" could not be salvaged. The prisoners and the American salvage parties were brought aboard "Constitution" and at three o'clock in the afternoon, the "Guerriere" was set on fire, and soon blew up.
Although "Constitution" was capable of continuing her cruise (she was substantially undamaged and still had two thirds of her ammunition), Hull wanted the American public to have news of the victory. He reached Boston ten days later, and his news (with the obvious proof of more than two hundred prisoners of war) caused rejoicing. The "Guerriere" had been one of the most active ships of the Royal Navy in stopping and searching American merchant vessels, and the news of her defeat was particularly satisfying to the American seafaring community. Ironically, Hull was never to hold another fighting command. Just three days before he defeated "Guerriere", his uncle, General William Hull, had surrendered Fort Shelby to a greatly inferior British force. Another misfortune for Isaac Hull was the death of his brother, who left a widow and children whom Hull was now duty-bound to support. Seeking a commission that would better accommodate his new domestic responsibilities, Hull asked Navy secretary Hamilton if he could exchange commands with Captain William Bainbridge, under whom he had served during the Barbary Wars and who was then commander of the Boston Navy Yard. Hamilton agreed, and on 15 September 1812, Hull took over the Navy Yard and Bainbridge the "Constitution".
Once released by exchange of prisoners and returned to Halifax, Dacres was tried by court martial, as was customary in the case of a Royal Navy ship lost from any cause. He put forward as his defence the facts that the "Guerriere" was originally French-built, captured by the Royal Navy in 1806, and therefore not as sturdy as British-built ships, and more importantly, that the "Guerriere" was badly decayed and in fact on her way to refit in Halifax at the time, and the fall of the mizzen mast which crippled the "Guerriere" early in the fight had been due as much to rot as battle damage. There was no suggestion that Dacres and his men had not done their utmost, or that Dacres had been unwise to engage the "Constitution". (Early in the War of 1812, it was accepted in the Royal Navy that a British 38-gun frigate could successfully engage a 44-gun frigate of any other nation.) Dacres was therefore acquitted.

</doc>
<doc id="18708000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708000" title="Janice Bryant Howroyd">
Janice Bryant Howroyd

Janice Bryant Howroyd (born September 1, 1952) is an African American entrepreneur. She is founder and chief executive officer of ACT-1 Group, the largest minority woman-owned employment agency in the United States.
Born in Tarboro, North Carolina, she received a Bachelor’s Degree in English from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University. After graduation, she moved to Los Angeles, California and worked for "Billboard" magazine. She began ACT-1 in a small Beverly Hills office in 1978, with "Billboard" as her first client. Today, the company has offices in 75 U.S. cities and its clients include Ford Motor Company, Cingular, and Sempra Energy.
In 2003, Howroyd’s company placed third on the "Black Enterprise" magazine list of Top Black-Owned Industrial/Service Companies in America. In 2005, she received the Spirit of American Enterprise Presidential Award. Three years later, she was named Entrepreneur of the Year by the BET cable television network.
External links.
http://www.blackenterprise.com/small-business/entrepreneurs-conference-how-janice-bryant-howroyd-built-a-billion-dollar-business/

</doc>
<doc id="18708003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708003" title="Hu Kai">
Hu Kai

Hu Kai (; born 4 August 1982 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. As of 2008, he was pursuing an advanced degree in management. His personal best time is 10.24 seconds, achieved in May 2008 in Beijing. In the 200 metres he has 20.57 seconds, achieved in April 2006 in Chongqing.
He won the 100 metres race at the 2005 Summer Universiade. In the 4x100 metres relay he finished fourth at the 2005 Summer Universiade and won a bronze medal at the 2006 Asian Games. He participated at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing where he competed at the 100 metres sprint and placed 4th in his heat, normally resulting in emilination. However his time of 10.39 was the 8th fastest losing time, which was enough to earn a spot in the second round. There he had no chance of advancing to the semi finals as his time of 10.40 seconds was the eighth and final time of the heat. Together with Wen Yongyi, Zhang Peimeng and Lu Bin he also competed at the 4x100 metres relay. In their qualification heat they placed fourth behind Jamaica, Canada and Germany. Their time of 39.13 was the eighth fastest out of sixteen participating nations in the first round and they qualified for the final. There they were however disqualified and placed at the eighth position.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18708013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708013" title="Spartak Moscow–Dynamo Kyiv derby">
Spartak Moscow–Dynamo Kyiv derby

Spartak Moscow–Dynamo Kyiv derby is a major football international rivalry between former Soviet giants, Spartak Moscow and Dynamo Kyiv that has developed in the Soviet Top League. 
A classic Moscow-Kiev match up that was often gathered the biggest crowd of all the Soviet Top League games especially after the last league reorganization in 1970. The game in its popularity overcame the big Moscow derby Dynamo-Spartak that was the main event of the league for the longest since its establishment in 1936.
The both clubs were the most successful in Soviet Top League, with Dynamo having won 13 titles to Spartak's 12. Spartak, however, has better head-to-head record and as of 1 August 2008 they won 60 games with 39 lost out of total 119 games played.
The contest emerged as a derby in 1976, when Dynamo beat Spartak, thus relegating them from the top flight.
Besides football competition the derby has some political background as a part of Russian-Ukrainian relations. This is espacially marked since 1991 when Ukraine became an independent state with its own football league.
Head to head record.
Records.
Biggest wins by Spartak: 5:1 – 1940; 4:0 – 1955, 1958.
Biggest wins by Dynamo: 4:1 – 1950, 1966, 1972, 2008 (twice); 3:0 – 1968, 1978, 2008.
Biggest number of goals scored in a single match: 7 (4:3) – 1957
Streaks.
Longest winning streaks of Spartak
June 12, 1941 to June 23, 1946 - 5 wins in 4 league + one cup matches.
October, 1951 to April 16, 1954 - 5 wins in 4 league + one cup matches.
September 20, 1987 to October 23, 1989 - 5 wins in 5 league matches.
Longest lossless streak of Spartak
October 18, 1937 to August 15, 1950 - 14 wins + 9 ties in 18 league + 5 cup matches.
Longest winning streak of Dynamo
August 22, 1975 to October 15, 1978 - 6 wins in 6 league matches.
Longest lossless streak of Dynamo
April 27, 1964 to October 12, 1968 - 9 wins + 5 ties in 14 league + 4 cup matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18708038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708038" title="Liu Xiaosheng">
Liu Xiaosheng

Liu Xiaosheng (刘孝生) (born 5 January 1988 in Raoping, Guangdong) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
He represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best time is 45.79 seconds, achieved in June 2007 in Suzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18708045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708045" title="Milton Hanauer">
Milton Hanauer

Milton Loeb Hanauer (5 August 1908 – 16 April 1988) was a public school principal, chess master and Marshall Chess Club official.
Born in Harrison, New York, He is best known for running the New York school competition that became known as the Hanauer League and for writing the book "Chess Made Simple".
His playing career is not well known, but he played on the silver medal winning US team in the 2nd Chess Olympiad at The Hague 1928, he qualified for four US Championships, and he won games from Reuben Fine and Isaac Kashdan.

</doc>
<doc id="18708057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708057" title="Viktor Alexandrov">
Viktor Alexandrov

Viktor Borisovich Alexandrov (, born December 28, 1985) is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey player who is currently a free agent. Alexandrov was drafted 83rd overall by the St. Louis Blues in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft, but he never signed a contract and remained in Russia.
Playing career.
At the age of 15, Alexandrov became the youngest player to score in the World Junior Ice Hockey Championship. He never played for the senior Kazakhstan team however. He signed with Metallurg Novokuznetsk in the Russian Superleague. He then moved to SKA Saint Petersburg in 2005, following Metallurg's former head coach. However, there he struggled to make a difference and prove himself and left to join HC MVD. He then returned to Metallurg and enjoyed a career high 2007-08 season where he scored 20 goals and 43 points in 55 games. Alexandrov signed with Avangard Omsk for the inaugural KHL season in 2008-09.
Personal.
He is the son of Soviet hockey star Boris Alexandrov who played for the Team USSR.

</doc>
<doc id="18708067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708067" title="Acid Reflex">
Acid Reflex

Acid Reflex is the sixth studio album by rapper Paris. It included the single and video "Don't Stop the Movement" to promote the album. Acid Reflex features guest appearances from Public Enemy, George Clinton and T-K.A.S.H. Recorded and mixed at Data Stream Studio in San Francisco, CA and Guerrilla Funk Sound in Danville, CA.
Partial Reviews:
"...4 out of 5 Stars...PARIS' latest offering, Acid Reflex, is pure hard-hitting Bay Area funk hop, with poignant lyrics that serve for great listening and cater to California car culture. Acid Reflex bumps like any great gangsta album, without being ignorant or celebratory of wanton violence for entertainment. Addressing so many societal ills would seem like a daunting task for most MCs, but to PARIS this is regular dialog...PARIS cleverly weaves a tale about how oppression beats down the moral compass of inner city Blacks and breeds apathy that has now become ghetto chic...Acid Reflex is PARIS at his best - the music and lyrics are just impeccable. The best gangsta album that is not gangsta. An album for the people with a clear moral line and standards of excellence."
- Murder Dog Magazine
"Strongly agree or strongly disagree, it's brilliantly constructed...the words are all top-notch and will have fans starving for material declaring the album a triumph..."
- Allmusic.com
"Listening to Paris in 2008 is like walking on the edge of a razor blade. On one side of that slippery slope, the East Bay militant rap icon continues to espouse the anger and violent revolutionary tendencies he's famous for. On the other, as evident on his new album Acid Reflex, his music grooves and swirls and lifts...You'll get caught up in the pumping beat, the Funk, and suddenly realize you're singing along to Real revolution, actual solution...Paris is never less than deft in his wordplay or charismatic in his storytelling, twisting even the expected socio-political discourse into something captivating...you can count on him to step up and speak on the hard truth, especially, like now, when it needs to be said. Only now, the Hard Truth is accompanied by an equally Hard Party. Get out and dance and join the revolution."
- East Bay Express
"4 out of 5 stars...from the majestic rally calls on "Don't Stop The Movement" to the sticky-wet percussion on "Winter In America"...his ability to collaborate with testosterone-summoning beats, all the while promoting respect for women and a more accurate portrayal of African Americans in the media is a refreshing duality which could only come out of the Yay."
- Urb

</doc>
<doc id="18708075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708075" title="Autistic Self Advocacy Network">
Autistic Self Advocacy Network

The Autistic Self Advocacy Network, or ASAN, is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit advocacy organization run by and for individuals on the autism spectrum. ASAN holds that the goal of autism advocacy should be a world in which Autistic people enjoy the same access, rights, and opportunities as all other people, and that Autistic voices should be included in the national conversation about autism.
__TOC__
Services.
The Autistic Self Advocacy Network provides community organizing, self-advocacy support, and public policy advocacy & education for Autistic youth and adults, as well as working to improve the general public's understanding of autism and related conditions. ASAN's mission statement says that Autistic people are equal to everyone else, and important and necessary members of society, a concept called neurodiversity. 
As opposed to the medical model of disability, ASAN supports the social model, which holds that negative attitudes and prejudices are the main factor in whether or not people are considered disabled, rather than objective flaws in their bodies or minds.
History.
The Autistic Self Advocacy Network was founded in November 2006 by its current President, Ari Ne'eman, and current Board of Trustees member and Vice Chair of Development, Scott Michael Robertson. 
ASAN's early work mostly focused on fighting the use of aversives, restraint and seclusion in special education; in December 2007, they spoke out publicly against Autism Speaks, and against the NYU Child Study Center's Ransom Notes ad campaign, which compared autism, ADHD, OCD and eating disorders to kidnappers holding children hostage. This counter-campaign put ASAN on the public's radar and has been referred to as the neurodiversity movement's coming of age.
National Branch and Local Chapters.
The Autistic Self-Advocacy Network has a national branch in Washington, DC, and numerous chapters across the United States. These chapters' focuses are diverse, but are all somehow focused on collaborative self-advocacy. These chapters often host social groups for Autistic people. 
ASAN's chapters sometimes work collaboratively with the national branch on nation-wide projects; an example of this is Day of Mourning, an event on March 1 where local chapters of ASAN, as well as independent groups, host candlelight vigils in remembrance of disabled people murdered by their caregivers.
Activism.
The Autistic Self Advocacy Network promotes autism awareness and acceptance through public policy initiatives, research reform and cross-disability collaboration, community outreach, college advocacy, publishing, and employment initiatives.
ASAN is the Autistic community partner for the Academic Autistic Spectrum Partnership In Research and Education (AASPIRE). The AASPIRE project brings together the academic community and the Autistic community, in a research format called community-based participatory research, to develop and perform research projects relevant to the needs of autistic adults. 
In 2012, ASAN began the annual Autism Campus Inclusion (ACI) Summer Institute, a week-long workshop teaching Autistic students to engage in activism and advocacy on their campuses. The Loud Hands Project, a transmedia publishing effort for curating and hosting submissions by Autistic people about voice, has also been active during 2012, in the form of a Kickstarter campaign and an anthology, both founded and organized by Julia Bascom. The anthology "Loud Hands: Autistic People, Speaking" was published by ASAN in 2012.
In April 2013, as part of Autism Acceptance Month – a counter-movement against the cure-focused Light It Up Blue and Autism Awareness Month movements – ASAN launched an Autism Acceptance Month web site.

</doc>
<doc id="18708082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708082" title="Li Xiangyu">
Li Xiangyu

Li Xiangyu (born 21 October 1985 in Shuangyashan, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres. 
He finished ninth at the 2005 Summer Universiade. He also won the 2005 National Games and the 2006 National Championships. He represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Li retained his National Games title with a win in the 800 m at the 11th National Games in 2009.
His personal best time is 1:46.45 minutes, achieved in July 2006 in Lignano Sabbiadoro.

</doc>
<doc id="18708083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708083" title="Queensland and New South Wales boundary encroachments">
Queensland and New South Wales boundary encroachments

Several Queensland and New South Wales boundary encroachments are anomalies along the boundary between the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland. Due to various historical anomalies, several stations and properties that are officially part of Queensland are south of the 29 degrees south parallel, marking the official border. Three of these can be seen easily on Google Maps near Cameron Corner, where the New South Wales Lands Department surveyor John Brewer Cameron, who spent two years from 1880 marking the border between NSW and Queensland, erected a post in September 1880.
The cause of this has been traced to surveyors' errors, The area he surveyed had already been allocated and marked by the QLD Government surveyors. 
Other issues include historical land grants. Areas surveyed by F. E. Roberts were discovered, in the 1930s to have been allocated incorrectly by the QLD Government. After attempts in 1933 to have the area resumed by NSW, the NSW government decided that as the incorrect survey had been accepted by both governments, it was unlikely to win in any court case, and accepted these areas as part of QLD. The Queensland Government resumed 20 areas from 10 titles totalling approximately 4 hectares of land that extended across the 29 degrees south parallel.
Due to the rural area and small size of these encroachments (20 acres), this hasn't caused any significant or legislative issues as has occurred previously with other border encroachment issues globally or nationally, such as the South Australia-Victoria border dispute.

</doc>
<doc id="18708109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708109" title="As Long as You Follow">
As Long as You Follow

"As Long as You Follow" is a song by the rock band Fleetwood Mac. Written by band member Christine McVie (who also performs the lead vocals on the song) and her then-husband Eddy Quintela, the song was one of two new tracks on the band's 1988 greatest hits album. The sleeve for "As Long as You Follow" is identical to that of the album.
Released as a single in November 1988, the song reached number 66 on the UK Singles Chart late in the year. It narrowly missed the Top 40 in the United States, peaking at number 43 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in the early part of 1989; however, the song did spend one week at number 1 on the "Billboard" adult contemporary chart in January 1989. 
The B-side to "As Long as You Follow" was a live version of the band's 1969 song, "Oh Well", which peaked at number 2 in the UK when originally released. This live version was recorded at a 1988 Fleetwood Mac concert at the Cow Palace in San Francisco, California, and featured lead vocals by new band member Billy Burnette. The 12-inch and CD single formats further included the original 1977 studio version of the Stevie Nicks classic "Gold Dust Woman", as featured on the 1977 album "Rumours".

</doc>
<doc id="18708114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708114" title="Skúlason">
Skúlason

Skúlason is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Skúli". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but is a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18708118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708118" title="Ren Longyun">
Ren Longyun

Ren Longyun (born 12 October 1987 in Minhe, Qinghai) is a Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. 
He finished ninth (in the 10,000 metres) at the 2006 World Junior Championships and competed at the 2007 World Championships. He also finished second in the 2007 Beijing Marathon. Additionally, he represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18708125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708125" title="James Calthorpe (Yeoman of the Removing Wardrobe)">
James Calthorpe (Yeoman of the Removing Wardrobe)

James Calthorpe, DL (25 March 1699 – 11 March 1784) was a British politician and courtier.
Biography.
Calthorpe was born at Elmswell, Suffolk and was the eldest son and heir of Christopher Calthorpe (1652–1717) and his wife, Elizabeth, née Kettleborough (died 1724). After completing his education, he travelled into France and Italy; and leaving Rome in August 1727, arrived in London in the autumn of that year. He was soon after appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for Suffolk on 20 December that year.
By virtue of a warrant by Charles FitzRoy, 2nd Duke of Grafton, the Lord Chamberlain, Calthorpe was sworn and admitted as a Gentleman Usher Quarterly Waiter in Ordinary on 1 October 1731. By another warrant by Grafton dated 16 February 1742, he was appointed Yeoman of the Removing Wardrobe, an office he held until it was abolished in 1782.
Calthorpe first came to reside at his family's ancestral home, Ampton Hall, in 1736, and immediately set about improving his mansion and estate by enlarging the former, and enclosing, planting, and ornamenting the latter; dividing his time in attendance on his official duties in London, and in agricultural and horticultural pursuits, when resident in the country.
In 1754, Calthorpe offered himself as a candidate for the borough of Hindon in Wiltshire, but declined, although sure of his election, in favour of James Dawkins. Upon Dawkin's death in 1757, Calthorpe was elected for the borough on 23 January 1751. He sat until the dissolution of Parliament in 1761.
In 1774, Calthorpe was again a candidate for Hindon, and with Richard Beckford, petitioned against the return of Richard Smith and Thomas Brand Hollis. In consequence of the acts of bribery disclosed, the House of Commons ordered that all four candidates should be prosecuted by the Attorney-General. Smith and Hollis were fined £500 each (approximately £48,381.63 in 2007), and imprisoned for three months in the Marshalsea. But at a trial at the Salisbury Assizes in March 1776, Calthorpe was honourably acquitted.
Calthorpe died unmarried at his house on Pall Mall on 11 March 1784 and his remains were interred in the family vault in Ampton church, on 20 March. By his death, the male line of his family became extinct. His relative, Henry Gough (later Lord Calthorpe) inherited his property.

</doc>
<doc id="18708143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708143" title="Kahuna (disambiguation)">
Kahuna (disambiguation)

A kahuna is a Hawaiian priest, sorcerer, magician, wizard, minister, or expert in any profession.
Kahuna may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18708145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708145" title="Deng Haiyang">
Deng Haiyang

Deng Haiyang (born 15 October 1984 in Kunming, Yunnan) is a Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. 
He competed at the 2006 Asian Games and the 2007 World Championships. He will represent his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18708149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708149" title="My Heart Belongs to Daddy (disambiguation)">
My Heart Belongs to Daddy (disambiguation)

"My Heart Belongs to Daddy" is a song by Cole Porter, and it may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18708170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708170" title="Li Zhuhong">
Li Zhuhong

Li Zhuhong (李柱宏 "Lǐ Zhùhóng", born 22 October 1983 in Zhuanglang, Gansu) is a Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. 
He won the 2002 Beijing Marathon. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2007 World Championships. He finished a disappointing 51st in the 2008 Summer Olympics with a time of 2:24:08.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18708172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708172" title="Alpha Hydraulic Diggings">
Alpha Hydraulic Diggings

The Alpha Hydraulic Diggings are located one mile north of what was the town of Alpha during the California Gold Rush in 1850, but the site is now near the unincorporated town of Washington, California. The diggings became a registered California Historical Landmark (No. 628) on January 29, 1958. The plaque's inscription reads:
ALPHA AND OMEGA
One mile north of here were the towns of Alpha and Omega, named by gold miners in the early 1850s. The tremendous hydraulic diggings, visible from near this point, engulfed most of the original townsites. Alpha was the birthplace of famed opera singer Emma Nevada. Mining at Omega continued until 1949, and lumbering operations are carried on there today (1958).
California Registered Historical Landmarks Nos. 628-629

</doc>
<doc id="18708208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708208" title="T. Rajendar">
T. Rajendar

Vijaya Thesingu Rajendar is a Tamil film actor and director as well as a composer, screenwriter, cinematographer, producer, singer and playback singer. He is also a politician in Tamil Nadu, India. 
Family.
T. Rajendar is married to former actress Usha and they have 3 children. He has two sons: Silambarasan, Kuralarasan and one daughter Ilakiya. His wife Usha Rajendar served as the Producer for his films like Kadhal Azhivathillai.
Film career.
Rajendar started off in the Kollywood industry making successful films which included him as an actor, playback singer, dancer and scriptwriter. He gained popularity through his one-of-a-kind style of acting. He normally serves as, but not limited to director, actor, songwriter, art director,production manager, playback singer. During the 1980s all his movies were blockbusters running for years and the songs were also well appreciated. He is known for introducing new faces in all his movies and most of the Heroines who debuted in his movies made it big in South Cinema like Amala, Nalini, Jyothi, Jeevitha (Wife of Telugu star Rajasekhar), Mumtaj.
After some years, Rajendar's films started to decline in popularity because his films became too predictable, tending to follow the same storyline and oratory style of repetitous dialogues with little if any meaning. For example his films always contain a sentimental scene involving the hero's younger sister in distress, coupled with the same rhyming rhetoric and gestures.
Rajendar recently started his own web TV channel called 'Kural TV' (Voice TV). Originally he wanted to start a 24 hour TV channel but could not due to problems arising while securing a license. The channel, apart from broadcasting his movies and speeches, tends to echo sentiments towards the plight of Tamils (especially women) in Sri Lanka.
Rajendar had started talking with "common" people through Skype and discussing latest politics in the recent years. Rajendar also distributes films under his home banner 'Simbu cine arts'. His latest film distribution, as of mid-2011 is his son Silambarasan's film Vaanam which will be distributed in the Chennai and Madurai region.

</doc>
<doc id="18708210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708210" title="Ekka (disambiguation)">
Ekka (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="18708212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708212" title="Wang Hao (athlete)">
Wang Hao (athlete)

Wang Hao () (born August 16, 1989 in Inner Mongolia) is a Chinese race walker.
Biography.
In August 2008 he finished fourth in the 20 km race walk event at the 2008 Summer Olympics, in a new personal best time of 1:19:47 hours. He missed out on the bronze medal by a margin of five seconds.
On 23 October 2008 he set a new world junior record over 10 km walk, with 39:32 minutes. The previous record of 39:57 minutes was set by Aleksey Bartsaykin of Russia earlier in 2008.
On August 15, 2009 he won the silver medal at the 20 kilometres walk in the 2009 World Championships in Berlin, setting a personal best of 1:19:06 in the process. By winning silver in the 20 km walk, Wang Hao became China's third ever male athlete to win a medal in the history of the IAAF World Championships, after former men's high jump world record holder Zhu Jianhua, who won bronze in the 1983 World Championships, and hurdler Liu Xiang, who won a bronze in 2003, silver in 2005 and gold in 2007.
He won two medals at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009: a gold in the 20 km walk and a silver in the 50 km walk, finishing behind Zhao Chengliang in the latter event.

</doc>
<doc id="18708215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708215" title="Alexei Emelin">
Alexei Emelin

Alexei Valerievich Yemelin (Russian: Алексей Валерьевич Емелин; born April 25, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League. Yemelin was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the third round of the 2004 NHL Entry Draft with the 84th overall.
Playing career.
He spent a large portion of his career with HC Lada Togliatti in the Russian Superleague before signing with Ak Bars Kazan. He was also a member of Russia's U18 and U20 national squads and has also become a regular member of the senior national team, skating for both in EuroTour and the World Championships.
In a 2009 KHL game he sustained a face injury during a fight with Alexander Svitov ; an orbital bone shattered and had to be rebuilt with metal plate. He has tried to avoid getting into fights since.
On May 17, 2011, the Russian defenceman signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Montreal Canadiens for the 2011–12 season. He played his first regular-season NHL game on October 9, 2011 in a 5–1 victory against the Winnipeg Jets. In addition, he scored his first regular-season NHL point, an assist, on December 6, 2011, in a game against the Columbus Blue Jackets. On January 25, 2012, Emelin scored his first NHL goal against the Detroit Red Wings.
On June 30, 2012, Yemelin signed a two-year extension up until the end of the 2013–14 season.
During the lockout shortened 2012–13 NHL season, Yemelin established himself as a key member of the Montreal Canadiens defensive core, often playing with fellow countryman Andrei Markov. He scored 3 goals and 12 points in 38 games for the Canadiens and finished with a plus-two rating. His season was derailed by an injury during a game against the Boston Bruins on April 6, 2013 when Yemelin collided with Bruins forward Milan Lucic, falling awkwardly and tearing a ligament in his left knee. As a result, Emelin missed the remainder of the regular season and the playoffs.
On October 31, 2013, Yemelin signed a four-year contract extension up until the end of the 2017–2018 season.

</doc>
<doc id="18708216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708216" title="Candlestick telephone">
Candlestick telephone

The candlestick telephone is a style of telephone that was common from the late 1890s to the 1930s. A candlestick telephone is also often referred to as a desk stand, an upright, or a stick phone. Candlestick telephones featured a mouth piece (transmitter) mounted at the top of the stand, and a receiver (ear phone) that was held by the user to the ear during a call. When the telephone was not in use, the receiver rested in the fork of the switch hook protruding to the side of the stand, thereby disconnecting the audio circuit from the telephone network.
Design and features.
Candlestick telephones were designed in a great variety of styles with varying features.
Most recognizable, candlesticks featured a base with a vertical cylindrical neck extending upright for up to 10 inches in length. At the top of the stand was mounted a carbon microphone ("transmitter") to speak into, and a switchhook extending sideways upon which an ear piece ("receiver") was hung. In order to make or answer a telephone call, the user lifted the receiver off the switchhook, thereby activating an internal switch connecting the telephone to the telephone line.
Candlestick telephones required the nearby installation of a subscriber set ("subset", ringer box), which housed the ringer to announce incoming calls and the electric circuitry (capacitor, induction coil, signaling generator, connection terminals) to connect the set to the telephone network.
When automatic telephone exchanges were introduced, the base of a candlestick also featured a rotary dial, used for signaling the telephone number of an intended call recipient.
Production.
Candlestick telephones were produced in various models by many manufacturers. The main producers of these telephones were Western Electric (a unit of AT&T), Automatic Electric Co. (later acquired by GTE), Kellogg Switchboard & Supply Company, and Stromberg-Carlson.
The first tube shaft candlestick telephone was the Western Electric #20B Desk Phone patented in 1904.
In the 1920s and 1930s, telephone technology shifted to the design of more efficient desk top telephones that featured a handset with receiver and transmitter elements in one unit, make the use of a telephone more convenient. However, despite ceasing new production, many candlestick telephones remained in operation, maintained by the telephone companies, throughout the 1940s and into the 1950s.
Many retro-style versions of the candlestick telephone were made long after the original phones were obsolete by companies such as the Crosley Radio company.
Successor telephones.
When Western Electric had sufficiently developed modern handset design in the 1920s, the Western Electric candlesticks were superseded by a series of new desktop models, starting with the A1 mount in the mid 1920s. This was essentially a candlestick telephone that had its vertical tube-shaft shortened to about 1.5 in in height above the round base, and had a cradle on top of it, designed to hold a combined handset with both the receiver and the transmitter in the same unit. The cradle contained a plunger that operated the hookswitch in the base below. The A1 was only distributed for a very short time until the B-type telephone mount (model 102 telephone) was completed in 1927, a streamlined design that replaced the tube-shaft with a sculpted cone shape. By 1930 this round base was redesigned into the oval-footprint D-mounting to avoid instability of the unit when dialing. At the same time the electric circuitry was upgraded to produce the model 202 telephone, which reduced the strong sidetone characteristic of earlier designs.
Accessories.
The Hush-A-Phone was like a mini megaphone created in 1920 for slipping over the candlestick phone.
Later design influences.
The Ericofon, or Cobra Phone is a plastic one-piece telephone, in the candlestick/upright style, created by the Ericsson Company and marketed throughout the second half of the 20th century. It was the first commercially marketed telephone design to incorporate the dial and headset into a single unit. Because of its styling, and influence on future telephone design, the Ericofon is considered one of the most significant industrial designs of the 20th century and is in the collection of Museum of Modern Art.

</doc>
<doc id="18708218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708218" title="Yacht transport">
Yacht transport

Yacht transport is the shipping of a yacht to a destination instead of sailing or motoring it. Yacht transport is an alternative to the traditional passaging (sailing or motoring) to reach desired
destinations around the globe. Transport when compared to passaging is cost effective, safer and improves availability.
For many dedicated sailors, passaging or an ocean crossing is a rite of passage, but it comes with many risks and expenses. For many serious cruisers, financial, business and family considerations argue against the long-term full-time dedication that ocean crossings require. Yacht transport becomes an alternative when the destination and cruising (maritime) is more important than the passaging.
Yacht transport generally eliminates costly, time consuming, and dangerous difficult ocean crossings, opening up cruising to more people. Container cruising, one approach to yacht transport, is significantly less expensive and has greater flexibility with respect to timing and destinations. The drawback to container cruising is that there are a limited number of yachts 
that have the necessary to fit in the standard container.
Transport methods.
Overland transport.
Small boats being transported short distances are often moved using private or commercial trailers. As the boat size and the over-land distances increase, commercial trailer services are typically employed by boat owners to move vessels. Insurance coverage, transport permits, trailer safety and proper preparation and loading of the vessel and contents are aspects commercial boat/yacht services provide.
Semi-submersible ships (SSS).
Semi-submersible ships were developed to move large (project) cargoes, but have now been adapted for yacht shipping. These ships are semi-submersible. This means that by ballasting, they can submerge their cargo holds. Yachts motor under their own power into the flooded cargo holds to load. Once all the yachts are in position and secured, divers weld hull supports into place. The ship deballasts and sails away. At discharge port arrival, the process is reversed, with the ship ballasting, allowing the yachts to exit. Semi-submersible shipping is arranged by the owners.
Deck cargo.
Yachts can be shipped as deck cargo. Yachts are loaded directly from the water or from shore. Yachts are loaded by ship or by shore cranes in cradles either supplied by the carrier or the owner. For conventional deck cargo shipping, the rigging is left intact. Deck cargo shipping is normally arranged directly with the shipping lines or with brokers who specialize in yacht deck cargo shipping. MV Spiegelgracht is one of 80 freighters used by the Sevenstar Yacht Transport company to transport pleasure yachts as deck cargo.
Container shipment.
Yachts are also transported by container ships. Because container freight is sold on the basis of total enclosed volume, efforts are made to decrease that volume, including derigging the boat. If a yacht meets the restrictions imposed by container sizing, typically x x , container shipping is an alternative. Container shipping is arranged through freight forwarders. 
Costs include the cost of preparation, cradles, documentation, and customs and other government fees. Container shipment costs are almost independent of distance shipped and depend more on imbalances in container locations.
Scheduling.
The Semi-submersible ships travel on fixed schedules over popular routes such as to and from the US, Europe, the Caribbean, and Pacific Ocean destinations.
While in theory, deck cargoes can be arranged between any two ports and at any time, costs are reduced if a number of yachts are shipped together. Because most ships are non-US flag carriers, they are forbidden by law to transport cargoes between US ports. To comply with the law, they load or discharge in Canada, the Bahamas or Mexico. Container shipping offers complete flexibility with respect to ports and timing.
Security.
The locked and sealed container provides the best overall security. Since the semi-submersible ships are dedicated to yacht transport, they also offer a secure environment. In addition to theft, another potential problem is partial or total losses at sea. Probability of losses is low, reflected by the lower cost of insurance.
The increasing cost of fuel, the convenience, and the ability to go anywhere make yacht transport an attractive alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="18708226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708226" title="628th Tank Destroyer Battalion">
628th Tank Destroyer Battalion

The 628th Tank Destroyer Battalion was a tank destroyer battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War. It was redesignated the 628th Tank Battalion after the end of the war, and today exists as the 103rd Armor Regiment.
Early service.
The battalion was formed in early 1941 as the 28th Infantry Division Provisional Antitank Battalion, and on 15 December was redesignated as the 628th Tank Destroyer Battalion, in line with the reorganization of the anti-tank force. During training, in 1943, the battalion provided a cadre to form the nucleus of the 648th Tank Destroyer Battalion. The 628th remained in the United States until January 1944, when it was shipped to the United Kingdom aboard the "Aquitania". From 11 April to 5 July, it operated three marshaling camps in southern England, providing accommodation and administration for combat troops of the 1st and the 29th Divisions being prepared for the Normandy landings.
France.
The battalion landed in Normandy on 30 July, equipped with M10 Wolverines. After a brief period in camp, it was attached to the newly arrived 5th Armored Division, and began operations on 2 August, with first contact with an enemy force on 4 August. In order to co-operate more closely with the 5th Armored, the battalion was split up, with one company going to each of the division's Combat Commands.
The force moved south through Avranches and then southwest to Le Mans, before pushing north on 10 August to help close the Falaise Pocket. On 11 August a Panzer IV was destroyed, the first of the battalion's tank kills, and the same night, the rearguard of Company A encountered a German column, and in a close-range action accounted for eight vehicles and 240 enemy troops; a sergeant of the company received both the Silver Star and the Croix de Guerre for this action, giving the battalion its first tank kill and its first combat decoration on the same day.
The battalion headed eastwards on 15 August, briefly crossing the Eure River on the 17th. The commanding officer, Lt. Col. Hernandez, was killed on 20 August whilst observing indirect fire, and succeeded by his executive officer, Major Gallagher; in the same action, two Panzer V tanks were destroyed for the loss of one M10, the first tank destroyer lost in action by the battalion. After operating along the Seine for several days, the battalion withdrew southeast to rest on the 25th.
On 27, 5 August Armored was detached from the XV Corps and ordered to drive east to the Belgian border; the battalion left camp on the 30th and, passing through Paris, arrived on the border late on the night of 2 September. The battalion was reorganized and attached in its entirety to Combat Command R, before the division moved south to Sedan and eastwards to Luxembourg, crossing the border on 9 September and arriving at the German border on the 11th.
Siegfried Line.
On the 13th, the division began to push against the Siegfried Line fortifications around Wallendorf, aiming to push through to Bitburg. The first elements of the battalion crossed onto German soil on the 13th, with the remainder of the battalion crossing on the 15th and establishing a command post six miles inside Germany. The battalion came under a strong counter-attack on the 17th, with Lt. Rennbaum of B Company receiving the Distinguished Service Cross for his work in evacuating his platoon under heavy fire.
The 19th saw further intensification of the fighting, with artillery fire rising to the point where it was decided to withdraw all units back across the river into Luxembourg; the last element of the battalion left Germany at 5 am on the 20th. In this final day of combat, eleven German tanks were definitely destroyed by the battalion, with a further seven probably destroyed but not confirmed.
Through October and November 1944, the battalion remained in defensive positions, moving northwards to Faymonville in eastern Belgium in early October. Throughout this time, it mostly carried out indirect fire missions; Company C, attached to Combat Command B, was deployed for the attack on Aachen, but not committed to combat. The battalion moved eastwards into Germany, billeted near Kalterherberg, in late October; shortly thereafter, on 1 November, the battalion was re-equipped with new M36 Jackson tank destroyers.
In late November, Combat Command R, along with Company C, was detached from the 5th Armored to provide support to the 8th Infantry Division in the Battle of Hurtgen Forest; on 3 December, Combat Command A, with Company A, was likewise attached to the 4th Infantry, with both very heavy fighting – at one point, Company C was reduced to only one M-36 out of twelve able to operate. The battalion was strafed by ME-109s on the 3rd; two were downed by anti-aircraft fire, the first aircraft the battalion had destroyed. On the 8th, plans were made to pull the battalion out of the line to prepare for a crossing of the Roer River, with companies B and C remaining in action for the time being.
Battle of the Bulge.
On 17 December, the scale of the German offensive in the Ardennes was becoming clear; the battalion was immediately ordered to provide anti-paratroop patrols along the divisional supply lines, and on the 19th was detached from the 5th Armored and attached to the 78th Infantry Division in XIX Corps, north of the main offensive area.
On 23 December, when it became apparent that the line north of the "bulge" was stable, the battalion was detached from the 78th Division and attached to 3rd Armored Division in VII Corps, deployed on the northern side of the German salient; it arrived in place in the early afternoon of the 24th, and took up defensive positions. After a brief encounter with German infantry on the 24th, combat began in the early hours of Christmas Day; a tank destroyer of Company B knocked out two Panther tanks at 25 yards range, causing the opposing force to withdraw and avoid the area. The battalion remained on the defensive until the 3rd Armored was withdrawn into reserve, and on 1 January was attached to the 82nd Airborne Division for eleven days to help clear the area west of the Salm River; during this period, the battalion lost four M36s and fourteen men, destroying six tanks – including two Tiger II tanks.
Advance into Germany.
On 11 January the battalion was attached to the 75th Infantry Division, but left them on the 16th, without having made contact with the enemy, and moved into XVIII Airborne Corps Reserve.
On 27 January the battalion was once again attached to its old partner, the 5th Armored Division, and joined them to rest and prepare for a crossing of the Roer River; Company A was detached to join the divisional artillery, and during the four weeks of preparations fired two thousand rounds of indirect fire. On 23 February the attack began, with Company B crossing the Roer at Linnich on the 25th, and the remainder of the battalion following the next day. The division then swung northwards through the Rhineland, reaching the west bank of the Rhine on 10 March. From the 13th to the 29th, the battalion fired 1500 rounds of harassing fire at targets in the Ruhr, on the far bank.
On 30 March the companies were assigned to combat commands in preparation for offensive operations, and crossed the river on the 31st, over a pontoon bridge at Wessel; the final breakout had begun. On 2 April, the division bypassed Münster, arriving at the Wesser River shortly thereafter and pausing until 8 April, when the river was crossed at Hamelin. The division moved north-east, passing to the south of Hannover and reaching the River Elbe on the 11th.
Whilst the division was consolidating its position on the west bank, intelligence reports suggested that the "Clausewitz" Panzer Division had broken out from the Berlin area, and was heading south in order to cut American supply lines and join up with other units in the Harz Mountains. In order to counter this threat, the division moved west, leaving Combat Command A (with Company A) to cover the Elbe. A divisional supply train was ambushed on the 16th, losing several vehicles; among them was a truck from the battalion, carrying the unit standard. This, however, was recaptured the next day. On the 23rd, a Panzer V tank was knocked out, the fifty-sixth and final tank destroyed by the battalion.
After two weeks of mopping-up operations, the region was deemed clear, and the companies reverted to battalion command on 25 April; the following day, the battalion moved to take up occupation duties in the Peine region of Lower Saxony, where it was located at the end of the war.
By the end of the war, the Battalion had accounted for 60 tanks and self-propelled guns, as well as 30 pieces of artillery and over a hundred other vehicles, with over 1200 enemy killed and 1500 prisoners taken.
Later service.
The battalion was inactivated on 14 November 1945, becoming a reserve unit of the Pennsylvania National Guard. In May 1946 it was redesignated as the 628th Tank Battalion, under which title it saw service in Europe for three years during the 1950s. In 1959 it joined with elements of the 110th Infantry Regiment and the 108th and 166th Field Artillery Battalions to form the 103rd Armor Regiment, a parent regiment in the Combat Arms Regimental System.

</doc>
<doc id="18708229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708229" title="Napa High School">
Napa High School

Napa High School, established in 1897, is a four-year comprehensive high school located in Napa, California. The high school is a comprehensive high school of 2500 students. It is one of three comprehensive high schools in the Napa Valley Unified School District. The other comprehensive high schools are Vintage High School and American Canyon High School. In addition, the district has a small technology high school New Technology High School, an alternative private Catholic high school Justin-Siena High School, and four comprehensive middle schools fed by 21 elementary schools. 
Sports.
Napa High is part of the MEL or Monticello Empire League. 

</doc>
<doc id="18708232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708232" title="Dock Street Dam">
Dock Street Dam

The Dock Street Dam is a low-head dam that crosses the Susquehanna River between the Shipoke neighborhood of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on the east shore and Lemoyne on the west shore. It gives the Susquehanna recreational depth south of the Taylor Bridge. Turbulence downstream of the dam contrasts sharply with the usually placid, lake-like river above the dam. In spite of the dam the Susquehanna is often just a few feet deep at Harrisburg, and it is possible (although not necessarily advisable) to walk from one shore to the other—a distance of nearly a mile—while keeping one's head well above water. Proposals have been made to raise the height of the dam in order to enhance the river’s navigability and recreational potential, although the suggestion remains controversial. The present structure has been criticized as creating currents downstream that can draw small boats upstream into the dam, an effect that has been cited in several accidents and drownings. Solutions have been proposed, including the piling of stone or concrete debris south of the dam to disrupt the current, but have not been implemented.

</doc>
<doc id="18708247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708247" title="Dong Jimin">
Dong Jimin

Dong Jimin (born October 10, 1983 in Gaoyou) is a male race walker from PR China. His personal best time is 1:18:45 hours, achieved in April 2006 in Yangzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18708266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708266" title="Ligia Hernández">
Ligia Hernández

Ligia Elena Hernández Frías is a pageant titleholder, was born in Punto Fijo, Venezuela, on April 5, 1985, and grew up in Maracay, Venezuela. She was represented the Aragua state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008, and placed in the ten semifinalists.
She represented Venezuela in the 2008 Reina Hispanoamericana pageant, in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, on October 30, 2008, and won the title of "4th runner up". She also won the special prizes of "Miss Photogenic" and "Miss Elegance".

</doc>
<doc id="18708269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708269" title="28th Primetime Emmy Awards">
28th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 28th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were handed out May 17, 1976. The ceremony was hosted by John Denver and Mary Tyler Moore. Winners are listed in bold with series' networks in parentheses.
The top shows of the night were "The Mary Tyler Moore Show" which won its second straight Outstanding Comedy Series award, and five major awards overall. "Police Story", won Outstanding Drama Series, even though it only received one major nomination.
The television miniseries "Rich Man, Poor Man" set numerous records. It received 17 major nominations, breaking the record held by "Playhouse 90" which was set in 1959 (since broken). It also received 13 acting nominations, although some of the acting categories at this ceremony were later eliminated or combined. Despite this, it lost Outstanding Limited Series to "Upstairs, Downstairs". 

</doc>
<doc id="18708272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708272" title="Brilliant Disguise">
Brilliant Disguise

"Brilliant Disguise" is a song by Bruce Springsteen from his 1987 album "Tunnel of Love". It was released as the first single from the album, reaching the #5 position on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the United States. The follow-up single, "Tunnel of Love", also reached #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, giving Springsteen two consecutive #1's. The single had less commercial success in other countries.
History.
Like much of the "Tunnel of Love" album, "Brilliant Disguise" was recorded in Springsteen's home studio, called Thrill Hill East, between January and May 1987 with several members of the E Street Band. On this song, Springsteen played several instruments and is backed by Roy Bittan on keyboards, Danny Federici on organ and Max Weinberg on drums.
The lyrics of "Brilliant Disguise" represent a confession of self-doubt on the part of the singer. The emotions expressed in the song include confusion, jealousy and anxiety about whether the singer's wife has become a stranger to him. The song deals with the masks people wear and the bitterness that can ensue when we realize the darkness that may lie behind those masks.
The song's quiet power builds slowly. The sound is scaled back from the typical E Street Band sound. The singer struggles to do things right, but it doesn't help. He can't trust either himself or his wife. Both he and his wife continue to play their roles - he of a "faithful man", she of a "loving woman", but the singer is nonetheless wracked with self-doubt. A key line towards the end of the song: 
"I wanna know if it's you I don't trust/Because I damn sure don't trust myself." 
sums up the emotions that resonate throughout the song, and indeed the entire second side of the "Tunnel of Love" album.
Springsteen himself wrote about the song "after '85 I'd had enough and turned inward to write about men, women and love, things that have previously been on the periphery of my work."
The song was later released on the compilation album "The Essential Bruce Springsteen". 
"Brilliant Disguise" has been ranked as the #1192 best song of all time, as well as the #27 song of 1987 and the #214 song of the 1980s, in an aggregation of critics' lists at acclaimedmusic.net. The song has also been listed as one of the all time great songs in Toby Creswell's "1001 songs" and as one of the 7500 most important songs from 1944 through 2000 by Bruce Pollock. It was also ranked as the #6 single of 1987 by the Village Voice and the #51 single of 1987 by the New Musical Express.
Video.
Like several other music videos from the "Tunnel of Love" album, including "Tunnel of Love", "One Step Up" and "Tougher Than the Rest", the video for "Brilliant Disguise" was directed by Meiert Avis.
The video of the song, shot in black and white, effectively reflects its emotions. The singer sits uncomfortably on the edge of a chair. He plays his guitar as he sings the lyrics about what it means to try to trust someone looking straight into the camera, never flinching. This very personal performance can make it difficult to watch, but it effectively reflects the themes of the song.
The intensely personal "Brilliant Disguise" video broke new ground on MTV, being a single shot without edits. It also features a live vocal performance by Springsteen, almost unheard of in music videos. 
The video was later released on the VHS and DVD "Video Anthology / 1978-88".
Live performance history.
Despite the personal nature of the song, it has been reasonably popular in live performances. From the Tunnel of Love Express Tour that supported the initial release of the album through July 2005, the song received 184 live performances in concert, although most of these were in solo concerts rather than with the E Street Band.

</doc>
<doc id="18708275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708275" title="1929 Chatham Cup">
1929 Chatham Cup

The 1929 Chatham Cup was the seventh annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with six regional associations (Auckland, Wellington, Poverty Bay, Manawatu, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Wellington YWCA (who beat Petone and Institute to reach the last eight), Tramways (Auckland), Poverty Bay Thistle (Gisborne), St. Andrews (Manawatu), and Seacliff. Canterbury entrants included Riccarton, Western, Thistle, and Rangers.
The 1929 final.
Seacliff's George Anderson, Bill Rogers, Bill Murray, and Bill Hooper were each playing in their fourth final, at that time record. Unfortunately for them, Tramways totally dominated the final. The only goal of the first half came from Clem Bell, though Seacliff came close to equalising before the break. In the second half, though, Seacliff were outclassed. Early on in the half Seacliff keeper T. Jackson managed to get a hand to a shot from F. Lewis but was unable to keep the ball for entering the goal (some sources name Evan Williams was the scorer of this goal). Harry Spencer added two more goals for the Aucklanders, but there was controversy when no penalty was awarded for a clear handball by a defender in front of the Tramways goal late in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="18708280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708280" title="Li Jianbo">
Li Jianbo

Li Jianbo (李建波; born November 14, 1986 in Qujing, Yunnan) is a male Chinese race walker. He finished thirteenth in the 50 km race walk event at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18708281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708281" title="Omega Hydraulic Diggings">
Omega Hydraulic Diggings

The Omega Hydraulic Diggings are located north of what was the town of Omega, California during the California Gold Rush. The site is southeast of the unincorporated town of Washington, California. From SR 20, the diggins are reachable via the gravel Omega Road which merges with Forest Route 29 in small sections.
The hydraulic diggings became a registered California Historical Landmark (No. 629) on January 1, 1958. The plaque's inscription reads:
ALPHA AND OMEGA
One mile north of here were the towns of Alpha and Omega, named by gold miners in the early 1850s. The tremendous hydraulic diggings, visible from near this point, engulfed most of the original townsites. Alpha was the birthplace of famed opera singer Emma Nevada. Mining at Omega continued until 1949, and lumbering operations are carried on there today (1958).
California Registered Historical Landmarks Nos. 628-629

</doc>
<doc id="18708286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708286" title="T.B. Sheets (album)">
T.B. Sheets (album)

T.B. Sheets is a retrospective album of recordings made in 1967 by Northern Irish musician Van Morrison, released in 1973 on Bang Records. It contains songs that had appeared on Morrison's debut album, "Blowin' Your Mind!", including his first hit, "Brown Eyed Girl". It also features early versions of two songs that appeared in 1968 on Morrison's acclaimed album "Astral Weeks" — "Beside You" and "Astral Weeks"' centerpiece, "Madame George".
This recording is listed as an unauthorized album that was released without Morrison's knowledge or approval.
Track listing.
All songs written by Van Morrison.

</doc>
<doc id="18708307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708307" title="Ford Taurus (fourth generation)">
Ford Taurus (fourth generation)

The fourth-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile produced by the Ford Motor Company from 1999 to 2005. It was the fourth in six generations of the Ford Taurus.
Overview.
Exterior.
When the third generation Taurus debuted, it was hurt by criticism of its design, which was formed from oval derived design elements. The design was very controversial, and it strongly limited the appeal of the car. As a result, for the fourth generation Taurus, Ford designed it with a more subdued, angular design, as part of Ford's New Edge styling, in hopes of increasing the car's appeal. Instead of sloping back, this car's trunk stood upright in a more traditional shape, which greatly increased trunk space. The roof was also raised into a more upright stance to increase headroom, which can be seen by the thicker C-pillar and larger area between the tops of the doors and the top of the roof.
The front and rear clips were also redesigned on the Taurus and Sable sedans; all body panels were brand-new except the doors. Station wagons received the new front clips but from the firewall back they were essentially the same as the 1996-1999 wagons. The Taurus now had the turn signals integrated into the headlamps, similar to that of the previous generation Sable. The front bumper was also redesigned to include a larger front grille which, like the previous generation, contained a chrome bar running through the middle containing the Ford logo. The rear clip was redesigned with a larger trunk and trunklid, as mentioned above, as well as giving the Taurus two large taillights as opposed to the rear lightbar used in the previous generation cars. Mounted on the trunklid was a large chrome bar containing the Ford logo, like in the front. In 2003, the front clip was slightly redesigned, and the Taurus got a new front bumper and lights. The grille was made smaller, with the chrome bar removed, replaced by just a large Ford logo in the center. The taillights were slightly redesigned, with larger reverse lights, and the chrome bar above the license plate bracket was changed to the body color.
Interior.
As with the exterior, the interior was completely redesigned with a more conservative style, although some features from the previous cars were carried over. The dashboard had a more linear appearance, instead of curving around the driver. The "Integrated Control Panel" was carried over but enlarged, reshaped, and placed in the center of the dash instead of being tilted toward the driver. The Flip-Fold center console was also carried over but it was revamped as well. When folded out, it now rested against the floor instead of the dashboard, and had different cupholders and storage areas. Unlike previous Tauruses, this one offered rear cupholders that either slid or folded out of the front console, depending on which console the car was equipped with.
This Taurus' interior was available in two configurations; a front bench seat with a column mounted shifter and the Flip-Fold center console, or bucket seats with a traditional console and a floor mounted shifter. The configuration for a steering column mounted shifter and a center console, which made a brief return in 1999, had been dropped. The interior also contained many new safety features; side airbags, tether straps, and a glow in the dark trunk release mounted inside of the trunk. This interior also contained a new system which Ford called the "Personal Safety System". This system, at the time of a collision, would detect the driver and passenger's positions, and would inflate the airbags to match, possibly preventing airbag-related injuries. For 2004, the interior got a minor revision, with a new steering wheel with a center airbag pad that shaped like an upside-down taco; new gauges; a color-keyed instrument panel cluster surround replacing the black of the 2000-2003 models, and the addition of a diagnostic center in the gauge cluster, that would tell if there were any problems with the car, as well as average fuel economy. It also was able to perform a "system check" at the driver's request to make sure that the engine was functioning properly.
Models and engines.
The two 1999 models were carried over, and two more were added. The most basic model was the LX, with the SE as the mid priced model. A new trim named "SES" was a slight step up, and the SEL was the new top-end model, slotting just under the Mercury Sable LS. The SES and LX models were dropped in 2005, leaving the SE and SEL.
The SEL line received a few upgrades for 2003, to give it a more upscale image. Among the changes were a new instrument cluster, wheels, as well as a slight redesign of the dash, with woodgrain replacing the black trim. It also got woodgrain on the steering wheel rim and around the power window switches on the front doors. Also in 2003, Ford created a Centennial Edition Taurus to celebrate Ford's 100th anniversary. This special Taurus included many extras, such as lighter wood trim, special leather seats, headlights with black accents, special wheels, a special leather case for the owner's manual, a leather jacket that said "Ford: 100 Years", a similar watch, and a letter from William Clay Ford, Jr. Production was limited to 4,000 units.
For 2002, 2003 and 2004, the SES model received a "Sport" package, which consisted of five-spoked rims known as "slicers", and the Duratec engine standard. In addition, the exterior of the vehicle received Sport badging on the front quarter-panels, the chrome bar on the grille was changed to body color, the interior received two-toned cloth seats, a two-toned dash applique, special "Sport" floor mats, and a leather covered steering wheel. This model was only offered in four colors.
The engines were carried over from the previous generation, with the Vulcan being the only available engine on the LX and SE, producing and of torque, and as the base engine on the SES. The Duratec engine was optional on the SES and standard on the SEL, producing . For 2005, with the LX and SES models being dropped, the Duratec was only available on the SEL, and in 2006 the Duratec was dropped altogether, with the Vulcan becoming the standard and only engine available on the SEL. All models came with the four speed AX4S automatic transmission, although a few 3.0 liter V6 Vulcan models up until 2003 received the similar AX4N transmission.
Variants.
Mercury Sable.
Like that of its Ford Taurus counterpart, a fourth generation Mercury Sable was launched for the 2000 model year. Also like the Taurus, this Sable shared the same basic design as the third generation, although it got a new front fascia, rear fascia, wheels and interior. Like previous generations, this Sable shared all mechanical parts with the Taurus, while retaining a different body. Only the doors, door handles, wheels, and interior were shared with the Taurus. This Sable was offered in three models: GS, LS, and LS Premium, which offered a number of extra comfort features over the standard LS. A LS Platinum edition was also briefly offered. As with the planned discontinuation of the Taurus nameplate, the Mercury Sable was discontinued after the 2005 model year, and was replaced by the Mercury Montego and Mercury Milan. The Sable nameplate would later be revived for the 2008–2009 model years.
Initial discontinuation and nameplate revival.
Taurus sales had slumped significantly in the years prior to its demise, losing significant market share to Japanese sedans. Due to waning popularity and customer demand, Ford decided to slowly discontinue the Taurus. Production of the Taurus wagon was discontinued on December 8, 2004; sedan retail sales halted after a short 2006 model year, and the Taurus became sold exclusively to fleets in the United States, while still being sold to retail customers in Canada. Production ended on October 27, 2006, as Ford idled the Atlanta plant, as part its "The Way Forward" restructuring plan.
The last Ford Taurus rolled off the assembly line around 7:00am, destined for delivery to S. Truett Cathy, owner of Chick-fil-A. Mr. Cathy's original restaurant was located across from the Ford Atlanta plant. There was no official event or function of any kind to mark the end of production. Rather than investing in an older nameplate, Ford had decided to replace the Taurus with the full-size Five Hundred and midsize Fusion sedans, as well as replacing the Taurus wagon with the Freestyle crossover SUV.
The discontinuation of the Taurus was controversial. While many believed that the Taurus was discontinued because it could no longer compete in the growing sedan market, others believed that if Ford wanted to save the car, they could have easily done so. Autoblog went as far as calling the Taurus the biggest fall from grace in history, and even blamed Ford's current financial problems on their failure to keep the Taurus competitive, as well as how they focused nearly all of their development resources and marketing on trucks and SUVs. The Truth About Cars published a review/editorial also showing their disappointment at how Ford neglected the Taurus to the point where it became a "rental car".
MSNBC interviewed many Ford workers who felt that Ford unjustly abandoned the car that had done so much to revitalize Ford and the US industry. In an October 25, 2006 USA Today editorial, "How Ford starved its Taurus" it was noted that the Japanese stick with their winners and make them better (such as the Toyota Corolla, which has been in continuous production since the 1960s), while Detroit automakers retires cars or entire division nameplates in search of "the next big thing".
However, after Alan Mulally took position as Ford's CEO, rumors were rampant that he was interested in reviving the Taurus. These were fueled by the fact that he said in an interview with the Associated Press that he was baffled to find out that the Taurus had been discontinued when taking position as CEO at Ford, as well as stating that he believed that discontinuing the Taurus was a mistake, and that the Five Hundred should have been named "Taurus" from the beginning. The rumors of a possible Taurus revival were confirmed in mid-2007, when the revamped versions of the Five Hundred and Freestyle were unveiled as "Taurus" and "Taurus X" at the 2007 Chicago Auto Show, a decision that was influenced strongly by Mulally. In a later interview, Mulally explained that the fact that the Taurus was well known and had a positive brand equity associated with it strongly influenced his decision to revive the name.

</doc>
<doc id="18708315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708315" title="Ji Wei">
Ji Wei

Ji Wei (纪 伟, "Jǐ Wěi;" born on 5th February 1984 in Tianjin) is a Chinese hurdler. 
He won the silver medal at the 2007 Universiade. He represented his country at the 2008 Summer Olympics with Liu Xiang and Shi Dongpeng.
His personal best time is 13.40 seconds, achieved in September 2007 in Urumqi.

</doc>
<doc id="18708354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708354" title="Bob Fouracre">
Bob Fouracre

Robert E. "Bob" Fouracre (born November 22, 1937) is an American sportscaster who currently calls football and basketball for the College of the Holy Cross. He is a 1956 graduate of Northboro High School, a 1958 graduate of the Cushing Academy and a 1962 graduate of the Cambridge School of Broadcasting.
Fouracre has called Holy Cross football since 1970 and Holy Cross Crusaders men's basketball since 1989. From 1970-1981, Fouracre worked at WSMW-TV where he called Boston Celtics games (1971–73), hosted "Bay State Bowling" (1970–81), and called college basketball and football games. Fouracre began his career at WARE, calling high school sports from 1962-1969 and called New England Patriots preseason games in 1971.
Fouracre called games for the WBL's Worcester Counts in 1989, the CBA's Bay State Bombardiers on NESN and WORC (AM) (1983–86), and hosted "Big Shot Bowling" on NESN (1985–91). He is, to date, the only person to call play-by-play in the National Basketball Association (NBA), the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and the World Basketball League (WBL). His former broadcasting partners include Bob Cousy, Togo Palazzi, Upton Bell, Gino Cappelletti, Gordie Lockbaum, Gary Tanguay and Greg Dickerson. For one season he worked on New England Patriots preseason.
Fouracre was suspended as host of the Holy Cross football and basketball shows on WGMC TV-3 in September 1998 after police charged him with assaulting a reporter and cameraman from the cable television station. The charges were dismissed by agreement of the parties four months later.
Health.
In January 2005, Fouracre underwent an angioplasty and had three stents installed in the major artery of his heart.
Honors.
On May 5, 2007, Fouracre was inducted into the Holy Cross Varsity Club Hall of Fame. On October 11, 2008, Fouracre was inducted into the International Candlepin Bowling Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18708360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708360" title="Carlos Chavez String Quartet">
Carlos Chavez String Quartet

The Carlos Chavez String Quartet is a Mexican based string quartet (previously known as "The Russian American String Quartet") founded by cellist Alain Durbecq in 1994. The quartet currently resides in Mexico City and performs a broad spectrum of mainstream classical music repertoire while maintaining a high profile in promoting Mexican music from the baroque era to contemporary times.
In 1998, the Carlos Chavez Quartet's director Alain Durbecq created a recording series entitled Unknown Mexican Quartets () a research project endeavouring to recover music written for string quartet by Mexican composers whose works have had little, if any public exposure. The first recording in this series featured the work of a practically unknown young and talented woman composer from the late 19th century; Guadalupe Olmedo: her String Quartet in G Major written in 1875. This recording was made possible thanks to a prize awarded to the Quartet in 1997 by the Cultural Department of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) for special projects in chamber music. In 1999, the Quartet was awarded a grant from the National Council for the Arts (FONCA) to produce a second CD for this series featuring scarce known works of some of the most distinguished Mexican composers from the last half of the 20th century; Carlos Chávez, Candelario Huízar, and Salvador Contreras. Undoubtedly Carlos Chávez was the most influential figure during this key period of Mexican music history, not only because of his great compositional output but also for the guiding role he played in creating the some of the country's most important and enduring cultural institutions. These include the National Institute of Fine Arts, the Academy of the Arts and the National College of the Arts. Nonetheless, the influence of Candelario Huizar and Salvador Contreras, respectively, on the development of nationalism in Mexican music and its subsequent departure from it, were of paramount importance for the evolving generations of Mexico's new musical creators.
The National Council for the Arts (FONCA) awarded the Quartet another stipend in 2000 for work involving the research and recording of the youthful quartets written by the legendary Mexican violinist born in the state of Jalisco; Higinio Ruvalcaba.
The Carlos Chavez Quartet also collaborates with many contemporary Mexican composers such as the multi-faceted composer-musician; Jesús Echevarría. His works, the Canasta de Frutas Mexicanas (Basket of Mexican Fruits), and Cantes Huastecos are both song cycles of ten original songs for soprano, jarana and string quartet in the "huapango" style, a musical heritage belonging to Mexico's Huastecan culture from the north, northeast area of the Mexican Republic. Mr Exchevarria's instrumental compositions, his Suite Huasteca, Suite Tarasca and Suite Sotavento in their conception constitute a veritable homage to the baroque music of New Spain, a splendorous period which gave the 17th century world talents such as those of Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz and Juan Ruiz Alarcon in the fields of literature, and those of Antonio de Salazar and Manuel de Sumaya in music. 
In 2007, having once again received a grant from the National Council for the Arts (FONCA) the Quartet has commissioned a new work for guitar and string quartet from Mexican composer and Juilliard professor, Samuel Zyman which will be recorded along with the composer's First String Quartet.

</doc>
<doc id="18708379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708379" title="Ari Michael Steinbeck">
Ari Michael Steinbeck

Ari Michael Steinbeck began as a screenwriter with his childhood friend Jeff Gutheim. They were hired to write "Crash Test Dummy" for New Line Cinema. Soon after, they sold "Day Traitor" (2000) to Warner Bros., which was renamed "Cash Money"; and "Crackerjack" (2001) to Intermedia Films.

</doc>
<doc id="18708387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708387" title="Andrei Plekhanov">
Andrei Plekhanov

Andrei Plekhanov (born 12 July 1986) who currently plays for HC Dynamo Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League.
Draft.
Plekhanov was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets with the 96th overall pick in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
He then came over to North America and signed with the Columbus Blue Jackets, skating for the club's AHL affiliate the Syracuse Crunch and ECHL affiliate Elmira Jackals during the 2007-08 season. The young defenseman resigned to a one way deal with the Blue Jackets for the 2008-09 season and signed in October 2009 for HC Dynamo Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="18708435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708435" title="Botevgrad dialect">
Botevgrad dialect

The Botevgrad dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the region of Botevgrad and Etropole in northwestern Bulgaria. It is located on the yat boundary and is closely related to the Eastern Bulgarian Pirdop dialect.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#botevgradski]

</doc>
<doc id="18708437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708437" title="Meng Yan">
Meng Yan

Meng Yan (born 30 September 1980 in Jilin) is a Chinese athlete who specialises in the 400 metre hurdles. 
He won the silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games. He competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
His personal best time is 49.03 seconds, achieved in May 2006 in Bangalore. This is the national record in the 400 m hurdles. He won the national championships in the event for a sixth time in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18708454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708454" title="Bianca Marroquín">
Bianca Marroquín

Bianca Marroquín (born on January 15, 1975) is a Mexican musical theatre and television actress known as the first Mexican actress to have a starring role on Broadway and one of the youngest actresses to play Roxie Hart in a Broadway production of "Chicago".
Early life and education.
Marroquin was born in Mexico and raised in the border cities of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico and Brownsville, Texas, where she studied ballet, jazz, flamenco, and tap at Bellas Artes Academy. She attended Saint Joseph Academy for high school. After graduation, Bianca returned to Monterrey to study Communications.
Career.
She became part of the Mexico City cast of "Beauty and the Beast", so she decided to move to Mexico City and start her professional theatre career.
She performed in Mexican productions of several Broadway musicals: "Rent" (1999–2001), "The Phantom of the Opera", and "Chicago", which landed her an invitation to perform as Roxie Hart, with George Hamilton as Billy Flynn, at the Shubert Theatre on Broadway.
Afterward, she returned to Mexico City to close the "Chicago" season and join "The Vagina Monologues" Mexican cast.
She left the "Monologues" when she received thesince then, in 2006, 2007 and 2008. Her recent off-Broadway work has included "And the World Goes 'Round" in October 2007 and the North Shore Music Theatre production of "Bye Bye Birdie" in summer 2008. She starred as Maria in the Mexican production of "The Sound of Music" alongside Lisardo and Olivia Bucio and after 100 presentations she returned to work in the USA tour of the "Chicago' company. 
She announced on her Twitter and Facebook page that she's going to join the Broadway cast of "In the Heights" from June 12 to September 5, 2010 to play the role of Daniela.
In 2010, Bianca Marroquin made a comeback to television as a judge for "Mira Quien Baila" and then "Pequenos Gigantes" in 2011. From there, Televisa picked her up as the main protagonist of the new telenovela, "Esperanza del Corazón". It premiered on July 18, 2011 in Mexico. She also sings the theme song to the novela, titled "Esperanza del Corazón".
Bianca was Mary Poppins in the first production of the Disney musical in Spanish in November 14, 2012 in Mexico City.
Television.
"Mira Quien Baila (U.S.)" Season 1. Judge - Herself.
"Pequeños Gigantes" Judge - Herself.
"Esperanza del Corazón" Ángela Landa. / Ángela Landa de Dupris. / Ángela Landa de Duarte.
"Mira Quien Baila (U.S.)" Season 2. Judge - Herself.
"Pequeños Gigantes" Judge - Herself.
"Mira Quien Baila (U.S.)" Season 3. Judge - Herself.

</doc>
<doc id="18708474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708474" title="Heathdale Christian College">
Heathdale Christian College

Heathdale Christian College is an independent, Non-denominational, Christian, co-educational in Werribee, in the western suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Heathdale has one campus and offers classes for students at all levels, kindergarten to VCE (Victorian Certificate of Education). The College also offers Vocational Education and Training (VET) and Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning (VCAL) to Year 11 and 12 students.
The current total student enrolment is approximately 1,200, with about 180 teaching and non-teaching staff currently employed. Most students reside in the western suburbs of Melbourne, in suburbs such as Hoppers Crossing, Werribee, Sanctuary Lakes, Truganina, Point Cook, Burnside, Taylors Hill, Hillside, Kings Park, Brooklyn, Laverton, Melton, Keilor, Keilor East, Keilor Park, Keilor Downs, Tullamarine, Laverton, Deer Park, Caroline Springs, Altona, Laverton, Laverton, Seaholme, South Kingsville, Seddon, Williamstown, Williamstown North, Laverton, Yarraville, Taylors Lakes, Altona North, Altona Meadows, Altona West, Werribee South, Werribee North and Tarneit. The current principal of Heathdale Christian College is Reynald Tibben.
The school has a co-curricular program that includes activities such as debating, public speaking, choirs, outdoor education and various sports. The senior year levels (9 to 12) have the opportunity to compete in a yearly inter-school sports and cultural competition with Tyndale Christian School (located in South Australia) to win the 'Dale Cup', while Year 8 students have the opportunity to compete in a yearly inter-school sports and cultural competition with King's College (located in Warrnambool).

</doc>
<doc id="18708482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708482" title="Carl Beam">
Carl Beam

Carl Beam R.C.A. (May 24, 1943 – July 30, 2005), born Carl Edward Migwans, made Canadian art history as the first artist of Native Ancestry (Ojibwe), to have his work purchased by the National Gallery of Canada as Contemporary Art. A major retrospective of his work, mounted by the National Gallery of Canada, was exhibited in 2010, recognizing Beam as one of Canada's most important artists. He worked in various photographic mediums, mixed media, oil, acrylic, spontaneously scripted text on canvas, works on paper, Plexiglas, stone, cement, wood, handmade ceramic pottery, and found objects, in addition to etching, lithography, and screen process.
Childhood.
Carl Beam was born Carl Edward Migwans on May 24, 1943, in M'Chigeeng First Nation. His mother, Barbara Migwans was the Ojibwe daughter of Dominic Migwans who was then the Chief of the Ojibways of West Bay (later renamed M'Chigeeng First Nation). "The Beam family's true name derives from "miigwaans" which means "little feather" or "bird"." His father Edward Cooper, was an American soldier, who died as a POW in WWII. "He was raised by his grandparents Dominic and Annie for most of his young life. His exceptional qualities were observed by his elders at a young age, and he was given the name "Ahkideh", from "aakode' " meaning "one who is brave" in the Ojibwe language." He was sent to Garnier Residential School, in Spanish, Ontario, from the age of ten until he left as a young man.
Education.
After working at a variety of jobs, from construction work on the Toronto Subway, to working as a millwright in Wawa, Ontario, Beam entered Kootenay School of Art (1971). He went on to earn a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Victoria in 1974, and entered into post-graduate studies at the University of Alberta, (1975–76). He left the University of Alberta over a dispute about his thesis on native art, and returned to Ontario.
Early work.
The direction of Carl Beam's visual style was firmly established by the late seventies. In 1979 Beam met and married his wife, Ann Beam. "In developing his work over the years, Beam has been accompanied by his wife, Ann, herself and artist and a former teacher at the Art Gallery of Ontario. Often they have worked as collaborators". At this time he incorporated multiple photographic images onto a single picture plane. "He disregarded the illusory deep space of Renaissance depiction, in favour of a flat tableau, where a dialogue of multiple images could take place". At this time his photographic imagery was achieved primarily via screen process, photo-etching, Polaroid instant prints, and a solvent transfer technique also used by Robert Rauschenberg.
Living in the Southwestern United States.
In 1980, Beam and his family, Ann, and daughter Anong, moved to Arroyo Seco, New Mexico to live and work. "We developed a dialogue together in everyday living, politics, world events, ceramic technique, painting, and all things art, that would continue for the next 26 years". Said Beam of the time "It was in the southwest years later with Ann and Anong, who was a baby, that I saw my first Mimbres bowl, or rather a cupboard full of Mimbres bowls in a gallery on the square in downtown Santa Fe, New Mexico. Some were completely intact, some had been restored, but all shared a bold adventurous design. When I discovered they were done 1,000 years ago, I was completely surprised." Beam and his wife Ann exhibited their ceramic work together in "The Painted Pottery of Ann and Carl Beam" at the Maxwell Museum of Anthropology, University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, NM.
Ceramic Works and Pottery.
Beam minored in ceramic pottery at the Kootenay School of Art. Despite having received top notch training, he found he lacked the ability to express himself as compared to with canvas or paper. Beam abandoned pottery as an art form but only temporarily. Years later in 1980 while living in Santa Fe, New Mexico, Beam again became interested in handmade pottery via his exposure to Santa Clara pottery and Mimbres bowls as were made by the Anasazi who lived in the area centuries before.
In the words of Ann Beam, “It was the Santa Clara blackwares that got us first” Beam became excited with the adventurous and bold designs he observed in these works. Eventually he met Rose Montaya who further exposed him to her techniques and those passed down from her mother. Having learned much from Rose, Beam was able to find his own clay and paint stones, fire outside with dried dung or wood, and experiment extensively – about 70% of the early works were lost due to trial and error – all works were handmade without a wheel, often unglazed and polished with a stone.
His Mimbres bowls were fabricated as a modern version of the ancient Anasazi ones - on the interior they were generally cream colored and quite smooth whereas the exterior appeared almost disregarded and less important (see Figures 1 and 2). Having studied all available exemplars found in museums, art galleries, shops, books, and otherwise, Beam’s contemporary versions were largely influenced by the materials and sophisticated art dialogue present in the Anasazi works he saw. Also in the Anasazi tradition, Beam’s bowls typically featured a bold design around the rim with his own unique images placed in the center. The result of his and Ann's early work was an exhibition in 1982 entitled “The Painted Pottery of Ann and Carl Beam” at the Maxwell Museum of Anthropology of the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque, with other shows to follow later.
Beam preferred the Mimbres bowl because it was a form conducive to his creative expression: “Finally, one form I could use to be absolutely creative in … the hemispherical quality of a large bowl still excites me like no cup, tea pot, plate or other clay shape can do…it is a universe unto itself where anything can happen – the designs are limitless.” 
Beam continued to work on and off in pottery, creating bowls, snake pots and other handmade creations almost always decorated with his designs and images. The raven is featured prominently in many of his works – “Migwans”, Beam’s family name, means “feather” or “bird”. His works also feature news events (such as the Anwar Sadat assassination) or self-portraits or the shaman figure and family, a theme often returned to (seen in Figure 1) Beam also shared the techniques learned and developed with others including his cousin David Migwans, now an accomplished artist living in M'Chigeeng First Nation, Manitoulin Island.
Return to Canada.
Although he had achieved a level of success in the United States, with art dealers in both Taos, and Santa Fe, Beam returned to Canada, where he felt his work had an important contribution to make. "A return to Canada in 1983 at first meant no change in format: one ceramic work by Beam of a shaman family, in the collection of the Woodland Cultural Centre in Brantford, Ontario, has the central image Beam favoured in New Mexico, though now one that represents his current situation. Here a shaman figure holds the hands of a figure to either side, likely a veiled reference to his wife, Ann, and his daughter, Anongonse, born in 1980." The family moved to Peterborough, Ontario, and in 1984, Beam was commissioned to make an art work for the Thunder Bay Art Gallery. He titled the piece "Exorcism". This became part of a "breakthrough exhibition" for him, which had a catalogue, and was titled "Altered Egos" the Multi-media Artwork of Carl Beam. It was curated by Elizabeth McLuhan. Living in the east end of Peterborough, Ontario, Beam created an early set of large format etchings, consisting of nine prints. There are many signature images in this print collection, which Beam later used to form the image backbone of his iconic work "The North American Iceberg". This work was purchased by the National Gallery of Canada, making Beam the first artist of Native ancestry to have his work purchased into the permanent collection of the National Gallery of Canada as contemporary art.
Mature Style.
By the mid-1980s, Beam was working with new techniques for incorporating photo-imagery into his work. He utilized a heat transfer technique learned from fellow artist Ann Beam, with his work on paper and Plexiglas. He also began working with photo emulsion and mixed media on paper and large scale canvas works. The works contained various juxtapositions of imagery from the spiritual, the natural, and political world, and incorporated his own poetic inscriptions and math equations. "My works are like little puzzles, interesting little games. I play a game of dreaming ourselves as each other. In this we find out that we're all basically human... My work is not fabricated for the art market. There's no market for intellectual puzzles or works of spiritual emancipation"
The Columbus Project.
The subject matter of his work turned toward the rapidly approaching 500th anniversary in 1992 of Christopher Columbus, and his arrival in North America. He found in this event, a rich source for a discussion on the nature of culture, as well as revisions and versions of history. He created at this time,(1989–1992) a body of work entitled "The Columbus Project". Its first stage had exhibition venues in Peterborough, Ontario at both ArtSpace (curated by Shelagh Young), and also the Art Gallery of Peterborough. The second phase of the Columbus Project was an exhibition at The Power Plant in Toronto, curated by Richard Rhodes entitled the "Columbus Boat". The exhibition continued on to venues in Italy and the United States. Beam's imagery for the Columbus Project was cross-culturally vast, and contained the primary images of Columbus, and Native peoples, but also images of Martin Luther King, John F. Kennedy, Albert Einstein, and Abraham Lincoln, Italian Christian iconography, diverse animal species, self-portraits and technology (stop lights, rockets). There were two sculptural elements, "Voyage" a partial reconstruction of the Santa Maria, and the "Ampulleta", a hourglass, with one obstructive stone within the sand, as well as several installations, and a video performance of Beam in the Dominican Republic, making a representational graveyard on the beaches where the landing could have taken place.
In 1992 Carl Beam and Ann Beam built an adobe house on Manitoulin Island. "Their adobe house became to a certain extent, a large scale project which evolved naturally out of their earlier experiences with Native American pottery and the building vernacular of the American southwest." Their life experience was incorporated in his exhibition "Living in Mother Earth", and her exhibition "Sub-division Suite/Earth Builder's Narrative".
The Whale of Our Being.
Beam entered the new millennium with the body of work entitled "The Whale of Our Being", in this work "Beam examines the calamitous moral fallout from what he perceives as a profound spiritual absence in contemporary society, symbolized by a great whale of primordial proportions". Featuring large photo emulsion works on canvas, constructions, large scale paper works, and ceramics. "Compared to earlier work, "The Whale of Our Being" exhibits a positively baroque complexity, a dizzying assortment of references, sometimes printed in overly saturated, fluorescent colour. "Mystery", for instance, is pink-Day-Glo-coloured pink. The colour in "Summa" ranges from Day-Glo yellow-green to orange; the images from Einstein and the Hubble Telescope, and astronaut, and Sitting Bull to and image of the First Nations, and more besides." His imagery had become vast and all inclusive, in "The Whale of Our Being" "He re-examines the media construction of violence and infamy and the public fascination with celebrity". Said Beam at a panel discussion for the Beyond History exhibition in 1989, "If an artist has a legitimate premise, there is nothing which isn't within their field of enquiry".
Crossroads.
His last body of work was in process until the time of his death in 2005. It was titled "Crossroads" from the blues song by Robert Johnson. The work included images of pop stars, gangsters, scientists, native leaders, politicians, writers and poets, musicians (Robert Johnson, Bob Dylan, Marilyn Manson, Jerry Garcia, Britney Spears, John Lennon), TV personalities (Martha Stewart), animals, and birds. He had completed Plexiglas works, and 22"x 30" paper works for "Crossroads" and was in the middle of a suite of etchings at the time of his death.Carl Beam received the Governor General's Award for Excellence in Visual and Media Art in 2005.
It's All Relative.
In 2004, the Canadian Clay and Glass Gallery in Waterloo, Ontario, created a traveling exhibition, curated by Virginia Eichorn, of 50 ceramic pieces by Carl Beam, Ann Beam, and Anong Migwans Beam. This marked the first time all three exhibited together. It was his last exhibition during his lifetime. It continues to tour to this day.
Legacy.
Carl Beam was the first artist of Native ancestry to have his work purchased by the National Gallery of Canada as contemporary art (1986), thus opening the door for a generation of Native artists to enter. "Despite Beam's reluctance to be defined as a "Native Artist", his art deals with the struggles of his people." Beam brought an innovative approach to all the media he worked in. "Technically Beam is regarded as an innovator for his intentional blurring of diverse art practises, thereby enabling certain methodologies and techniques to acquire new contexts. His innovative techniques, in fact, have been emulated by a new generation of artists-Native and not." "He evolved his own unique techniques as needed in photo-etching and photo based painting, to name a few, and his passionate discourse on all things political and practical inspired many people." A major retrospective of his work, mounted by the National Gallery of Canada, is on exhibition, having started October 22, 2010, thus recognizing Beam as one of Canada's most important artists. The exhibition is curated by Greg A. Hill, Audain Curator and Head of the Department of Indigenous Art, and is accompanied by a catalogue with essays by Ann Beam, Greg Hill, Gerald McMaster, Virginia Eichhorn, and Alan Corbiere with Crystal Migwans, including paintings, photo-based collage works, constructions, ceramics and videos.
Personal life.
Beam married his first wife in the early 1960s. They had five children, Clint, Veronica, Leila, Carl Jr., and Jennifer. The marriage was later annulled. Beam married Ann Elena Weatherby, and their daughter is Anong Migwans Beam. Beam passed on July 30, 2005, at Ottawa General Hospital, from complications due to diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="18708494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708494" title="Huang Haiqiang">
Huang Haiqiang

Huang Haiqiang (born 8 February 1988 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese high jumper. 
He won the 2005 World Youth Championships and the 2006 World Junior Championships, the latter in a personal best jump of 2.32 metres. He competed at the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final.
He represented his country in the high jump at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but came in dead last.
He won the 2009 national championships with a jump of 2.24 metres, his best result since the 2007 athletics season.

</doc>
<doc id="18708531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708531" title="Charyl Chacón">
Charyl Chacón

Charyl Marlyz Chacón Ramírez is a pageant titleholder, was born in Lima, Peru on July 5, 1985, and grew up in Maracay, Aragua state, Venezuela. She was the official winner of the Señorita Deporte Venezuela 2007 (Miss Sports Venezuela) pageant held in Caracas, Venezuela on August 15, 2007. Chacón was represented the Araya Peninsula in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18708579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708579" title="HMS Arethusa (1759)">
HMS Arethusa (1759)

The Aréthuse was a French frigate, launched in 1757 during the Seven Years' War. She was subsequently captured by the Royal Navy and became the fifth-rate HMS "Arethusa".
French Service.
"Aréthuse" was built at Le Havre for privateer warfare, as "Pélerine". Soon after her launch, she was bought by the King, and commissioned as "Aréthuse" on 21 January 1758.
In June, under captain Vauquelin, she sailed through the British blockade of Louisbourg. She helped defend the place, and later departed, again forcing the blockade.
On the 18th of May 1759, she was in transit from Rochefort to Brest, under the command of the Marquis Vandrenil, when she was intercepted near Audierne Bay ("Baie d'Audierne") by three Royal Navy ships - HMS "Thames", HMS "Venus" and HMS "Chatham". She attempted to escape but after two hours, she lost her top-masts and was overtaken by her pursuers. The "Thames" and "Venus" engaged her with heavy fire, causing 60 casualties before she surrendered.
Royal Navy Service.
She entered service with the Royal Navy. For the rest of the war, she was in service in British home waters and was responsible for the capture of several French, privateer cutters.
In 1777, a Scotsman James Aitken, widely known as John the Painter, was hanged from her mizzenmast for burning the Rope House at Portsmouth Royal Dockyard on 7 December 1776, to aid the cause of American independence
. The mast was struck from the ship and re-erected at the dockyard entrance so as many people as possible could watch the execution.
On 17 June 1778, she fought a famous duel against the French, 26-gun frigate, "Belle Poule". The "Belle-Poule" was on a reconnaissance mission, along with the 26-gun frigate "Licorne", the corvette "Hirondelle" and the smaller "Coureur" when she encountered a large British squadron that included the Arethusa at a point south of The Lizard. Admiral Keppel, commanding the British fleet ordered that the French ships be pursued. and returned to his flagship by any means.
The "Licorne" did so, after being overhauled by two British ships. She subsequently tried to escape during the night, but surrendered after a brief combat with HMS "America".
Meanwhile, the "Arethusa" and the cutter "Alert" reached the "Belle Poule", accompanied by the French cutter "Le Courier". The captain of the "Belle Poule" refused the order to sale back to the British fleet. The British fired a warning shot across his ship bows, to which he responded with a full broadside This began a furious, two hour battle between the two ships that resulted in the deaths of the French second captain and 30 of the crew. But the "Arethusa" was crippled by the loss of a mast and had to withdraw, allowing the "Belle Poule" to escape. Meanwhile "Alert" captured "Le Courier" in a separate battle.
This battle was the first between British and French naval forces during the American Revolutionary War and took place around three weeks before the formal declaration of war by France. Admiral Keppel himself was surprised by the reaction of the French captains as he only intended to speak with them, and then release their ships.
The battle was widely celebrated in France as a victory, even inspiring a hair-style
in court circles that included a model of the "Belle Poule".
It was also viewed as a victory in Britain and became the subject of a traditional Sea shanty, "The Saucy Arethusa" (Roud # 12675). The "Arethusa" is also the subject of a song on the Decemberists' album Her Majesty the Decemberists.
On 18 March 1779, under captain Charles Holmes Everitt, the "Arethusa" engaged the French "Aigrette", sustaining considerable damage in the fight. "Arethusa" was wrecked the next day off Ushant, at a point .
It was apparently the fame which this "Arethusa" which induced the Royal Navy, during the following two centuries, to bestow the name on a further seven consecutive individual ships (see HMS "Arethusa") and two consecutive classes of cruisers (see "Arethusa" class cruiser).

</doc>
<doc id="18708598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708598" title="Natascha Brandt">
Natascha Brandt

Natascha Alexandra Brandt Rodríguez is a pageant titleholder, born in Caracas, Venezuela on May 13, 1989. She was the official winner of the Señorita Deporte Venezuela 2006 (Miss Sports Venezuela) pageant held in Caracas, Venezuela on August 8, 2006. Brandt represented the Nueva Esparta state in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, on September 10, 2008. Many people in the country says she is expected to become an international top model

</doc>
<doc id="18708637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708637" title="Jennipher Bortolas">
Jennipher Bortolas

Jennipher Bortolas Vargas is a beauty pageant titleholder. She was born in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic and grew up in San Cristóbal, Táchira state, Venezuela. Bortolas won the Miss Táchira 2008 title in a state pageant held in San Cristóbal, Venezuela on June 10, 2008. She subsequently competed in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant on September 10, 2008 and was one of 10 contestants to reach the semifinals. 
Bortolas competed in the Sambil Model / Miss Earth Venezuela 2009 pageant on June 12, 2009, in Margarita Island, Venezuela, when she won the title of "Sambil Model San Cristóbal".

</doc>
<doc id="18708645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708645" title="Bernard Schweizer">
Bernard Schweizer

Bernard Schweizer (né Bernhard Schweizer, 1962-) is a professor of English at Long Island University, Brooklyn. He has published several books and essay collections on topics in British and European literatures. He is a leading Rebecca West scholar and has edited or co-edited a number of Rebecca West’s previously unpublished and uncollected works. In 2003, he founded the International Rebecca West Society in New York and is currently the second president of the Society. Schweizer has written pioneering scholarly works in three fields: the politics of travel literature, the female epic, and, most recently, the treatment of God-hatred in literature (misotheism).
His latest book, "Hating God: The Untold Story of Misotheism", explores an almost unknown strain of God-thinking. Misotheists are not atheists, as Schweizer demonstrates, but people who blaspheme because they cannot forgive God for the miseries-both personal and collective-that befall humanity. Far from being depraved or immoral individuals, the misotheists treated by Schweizer are great humanists, thinkers, and artists.
Schweizer grew up in the German-speaking part of Switzerland, where he lived for the first 28 years of his life. From 1978 to 1982 he trained as a health-care specialist in Bern. Thereafter, he studied for the Swiss Federal Bacchalaureate (Matura), which he earned in 1986. From 1987 to 1988, he spent 14 months backpacking around the world. He enrolled at the French-speaking University of Lausanne in 1988 and in 1990 emigrated to the United States to complete his B.A. at the University of Minnesota, Twin Cities, majoring in English. In 1991, he married Liang Schweizer, a biologist, in St. Paul. He earned his Ph.D. in English Literature from Duke University in 1997. For the next three years, he held a teaching and research appointment at the University of Zurich, Switzerland. In 1999, Schweizer was awarded a two-year Swiss National Science Foundation fellowship to conduct research on Rebecca West. In 2002, he was offered a faculty position at the Brooklyn campus of Long Island University and he received tenure there in 2007.
Works.
Monographs:
Essay Collections:
Editions of Rebecca West:

</doc>
<doc id="18708654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708654" title="Landmark for Peace Memorial">
Landmark for Peace Memorial

The Landmark for Peace is a memorial sculpture at Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Park on the northside of Indianapolis that honors the contributions of the slain leaders Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy. The memorial, which features King and Kennedy reaching out to each other, was designed and executed by Indiana artist Greg Perry. The bronze portraits were created by Indianapolis sculptor Daniel Edwards.
On April 4, 1968, near the site of the memorial, Robert Kennedy gave an impromptu speech to an inner-city crowd about reconciliation between the races after he learned of King's assassination. Kennedy was told that riots had broken out in other cities and was advised not to make the speech, but he refused to cancel his plans. Originally Kennedy intended to make a speech on his presidential aspirations, instead he spoke of King. No riots took place in Indianapolis, a fact many attribute to the effect of Kennedy's speech. 
Memorial Expansion.
In April 2009, a $3 million expansion was planned for the memorial. Components of this expansion would include an eternal flame incorporated into the site, an amphitheater to seat 75 to 200 people, and twin elliptical walkways along a wall that abruptly end to symbolize the sudden end of the lives of King and Kennedy.
Memorial History.
The idea to create the "Landmark for Peace" was originally suggested by Indiana Democratic politico Larry Conrad. Before his death Conrad befriended Steve Mannheimer, an "Indianapolis Star" art critic and Herron School of Art professor. They once spoke at length about the need to commemorate the events of April 4, 1968, and Robert Kennedy's speech to a crowd gathered near the corner of 17th and Broadway streets in Indianapolis. At the time Conrad was an executive with the Simon Property Group, the Indianapolis-based shopping mall developers, and a close friend of Herb Simon and his wife Diane, who had been a worker in RFK's campaign at the time of his speech. Conrad suggested that should a memorial be created, the Simon family would offer its support.
In 1994 Donnie Walsh, president and CEO of the Indiana Pacers, owned by the Simon brothers, decided to start the Pacers Foundation to support worthy community initiatives. Walsh discussed his plans with Mannheimer, who recounted to Walsh the earlier conversation with Conrad. Walsh immediately seized on the idea of a memorial as an ideal project to launch the Foundation and asked Mannheimer to work with Pacers executive Kathryn Jordan on the project. Together Mannheimer and Jordan developed a plan to hold a national design competition to create a memorial to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Robert F. Kennedy. The Pacers and the Pacers Foundation led community fundraising efforts for the project; beginning with Diane Simon donating $30,000 to the project. 
Jurors for the competition included Bret Waller, director of the Indianapolis Museum of Art, and Harry Robinson, professor of architecture at Howard University. From a national field of over 50 entries, the jury selected the proposal by designer Greg Perry, a 33-year-old artist from Franklin, Indiana. Perry's design featured two half-figures—one of King, the other of Kennedy—emerging from solid walls flanking a pathway to reach toward each other. It was an inspired design that captured the historical importance of these two great Americans and powerfully expressed the spirit of reconciliation and the striving for peace people still found in the story of their lives—and deaths. Before the actual construction of the memorial began, a ceremonial groundbreaking was held on May 14, 1994. This event attracted President Bill Clinton, Senator Ted Kennedy, RFK's widow Ethel Kennedy, two sons of Dr. King, Dexter Scott King and Martin Luther King, III, as well as other Indiana and national dignitaries.
As the memorial construction got underway, the jury suggested modifications to make Perry's original design more open and inviting. These included shortening and some physical piercing of the walls to allow greater visual penetration of the entire structure. Perry worked with Mannheimer and Daniel Edwards, who sculpted and oversaw casting of the figures of King and Kennedy, to fine-tune the design. To relieve the monolithic solidity of the steel walls, the three conceived the idea of openings contoured to suggest shadows cast by the half-figures. After several attempts to shine bright lights on the half-figures to create actual shadows, Mannheimer drew the desired contours in chalk on the steel walls, which were laser cut and smoothed to create the cut-outs. The total cost of creating and installing the memorial, including two markers with bronze plaques, approached $200,000. One of the plaques contains the text of Kennedy's speech, parts of which were later inscribed on his own memorial at Arlington National Cemetery after the senator's assassination later that year. A marker near the actual spot from which Kennedy spoke contains remnants of guns confiscated by the Indianapolis police or collected as part of a city amnesty program created in conjunction with the Indiana Pacers. The contest required the confiscated weapons to be used in the memorial's design.
The City of Indianapolis contributed significantly to the project by completely redesigning the southern half of King Memorial Park where the sculpture would stand. This effort amounted to a $350,000 addition to the total project and was overseen by the Indianapolis Parks and Recreation Department and its landscape architecture staff. The unveiling of the "Landmarks for Peace" memorial on September 30, 1995, attracted nearly 3,000 citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="18708666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708666" title="Heera Aur Pathar (1964 film)">
Heera Aur Pathar (1964 film)

"Heera aur pathar" (Urdu: ہیرا اور پتھر) is a Pakistani Urdu black-and-white film. It is the first film of Waheed Murad as a lead actor. The film was released at Karachi's Naz Cinema, on November 12, 1964, and completed 56 weeks on cinemas with 25 weeks on main cinemas in Karachi. Waheed Murad introduced Pervaiz Malik for the first time in the Pakistani cinema world. Moreover, he had also introduced film editor, M. Aqeel Khan, who had also received the Nigar award for this movie.
Cast and film crew.
Casting includes Waheed Murad, Zeba, Nirala, Ibrahim Nafees and Kamal Irani. Waheed Murad played the role of a "gadha gari wala" (Donkey cart owner). This film is based on his innocent love with Zeba. At that time, the film attracted many Indian cinema-goers to see this film. Waheed Murad won Nigar award as the best actor of 1964. "Heera aur pather" proved to be the luckiest film for all film cast and the production crew, as it gave a breakthrough to the careers of Waheed Murad, Pervaiz Malik, Sohail Rana, M. Aqeel Khan and Zeba.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by Sohail Rana. Sohail earned plaudits from his fans for the composition of "Mujhay tum say mohabbat hai...". Although, he did not earn a Nigar Award for this film. The songs were written by Masroor Anwar. Playback singers are Khursheed Nurali (Sheerazi) Ahmed Rushdi, Najma Niazi, Khursheed Begum, Saleem Shahzad, Mala, Wasim Farooqui and Talat Siddiqui.
Awards.
"Heera aur pathar" won two Nigar awards for the year 1964. Waheed Murad won award in the best actor category, and M. Aqeel Khan won the award in the best film editor category.

</doc>
<doc id="18708681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708681" title="Gabriela Fernández">
Gabriela Fernández

Gabriela Alexandra Fernández Ocanto, is a pageant titleholder from Maracaibo, Zulia state, Venezuela who was competed in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant on September 10, 2008.
Fernández won the Miss Zulia 2008 title in a state pageant held in Maracaibo, Venezuela on 7 May 2008.
References.
married to luis sosa

</doc>
<doc id="18708695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708695" title="Information criticism">
Information criticism

Information criticism (critique of Information or informationcritique) is by Lash (2002) understood as a transformation of critical theory to contend that today there is no longer any transcendental, objective, or privileged position from which critique or social
analysis can be undertaken. If society is intrinsically informational, and the analyst is inescapably part of the society, so too must the analyst and the analysis be informational,
as tied up with and characterized by the nature of information as every other social entity or phenomenon. As Lash repeatedly insists, “The critique of information is in the information itself” (p. 220); “Information critique must be critique without transcendentals” (p. 9).
Andersen (2005/2008) equates information criticism with the criticism of the functionality and legitimacy of knowledge organization systems such as bibliographies, classification systems, thesauri, encyclopedias and search engines — all systems that in some way or another mediate the recorded part of society and culture. Such knowledge organization systems are also the professional tools of librarians.

</doc>
<doc id="18708718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708718" title="Theunis">
Theunis

Theunis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18708730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708730" title="Ihtiman dialect">
Ihtiman dialect

The Ihtiman dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the regions of Ihtiman, Kostenets and Septemvri in central western Bulgaria. It is transitional between the Botevgrad and Samokov dialect.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#ihtimanski]

</doc>
<doc id="18708770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708770" title="Valeri Maslov">
Valeri Maslov

Valeri Pavlovich Maslov () (born April 28, 1940 in Ust-Bolsheretsk, Khabarovsk Krai) is a retired Soviet football and bandy player.
Honours.
Bandy.
Played for Trud Kaliningrad (1960–1961), Dynamo Moscow (1961–1979).
Bandy (as a coach).
Coached Yunost Omsk (1987–1989), Stroitel Syktyvkar (1992–1997), Agrokhim Berezniki (1998–2000), Russian Under-21 national bandy team (1993–1996).
International career.
Maslov made his debut for USSR football team on May 20, 1964 in a friendly against Uruguay. He played in the qualifiers for UEFA Euro 1968, but was not selected for the final tournament squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18708806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708806" title="Tunnel of Love (Bruce Springsteen song)">
Tunnel of Love (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Tunnel of Love" is the title song by Bruce Springsteen from his 1987 "Tunnel of Love" album. It was released as the second single from the album, reaching number nine on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. Like the first single from the album, "Brilliant Disguise", "Tunnel of Love" reached number one on the Album Rock Tracks chart. The single had less commercial success in other countries.
History.
Like much of the "Tunnel of Love" album, "Tunnel of Love" was recorded in Springsteen's home studio, called Thrill Hill East, between January and May 1987 with several members of the E Street Band. On this song, Springsteen played several instruments and is backed by Roy Bittan on synthesizers, Nils Lofgren on lead guitar and Max Weinberg on drums. Springsteen's future wife, Patti Scialfa provided backing vocals. Effects on the song include the sounds of an actual family riding a roller coaster in Point Pleasant, New Jersey.
The song uses a fairground funhouse ride as a metaphor for marriage. The relationship described in the song has three principals - the singer, his wife, and all the things they are scared of. The singer feels that marriage should be simple ("man meets woman and they fall in love"), but recognizes that along the way the ride can become difficult and unpredictable. The characters in the song laugh when they see each other in the funhouse mirrors, but it is not clear if they are laughing out of humor, or laughing at each other in derision. The song notes that it is all too easy for two people to lose each other on the "funhouse ride" of marriage.
The music of the song echoes the lyrics. The music is complex and has half of the E Street Band playing on the song. Nils Lofgren's surging guitar sound has been likened to the sound of the bickering couple, and the percussion and synthesizer add to the carnival atmosphere, as does the sound of the roller coaster riding family.
The chanted vocal bridge at 3:40 in the song borrows the melody from the bridge of the Moody Blues' song New Horizons (from their 1972 album Seventh Sojourn)
The song was later released on the compilation album "The Essential Bruce Springsteen".
The aggregation of critics' lists at acclaimedmusic.net did not place this song in its list of the top 3000 songs of all time, but rated it as one of the 1980 songs "bubbling under" the top 3000. The song has also been listed as the #20 Best Rock and Roll single of all time by Jimmy Guterman in 1992 and as one of the 7500 most important songs from 1944 through 2000 by Bruce Pollock. It was also ranked as the #10 single of 1987 by the Village Voice and the Single of the Year in 1987 by the Rolling Stone Magazine.
The original single's B-side, "Two for the Road", is a short song performed by Springsteen alone, accompanying himself on guitar (acoustic and electric) and whistling for one verse. It is a love song, in whose lyrics the singer makes gentle advances to a girl he met after a show.
Video.
Like several other videos from the "Tunnel of Love" album, including "Brilliant Disguise", "One Step Up" and "Tougher Than the Rest", the video for "Tunnel of Love" was directed by Meiert Avis. The video narrative reflects the fun house described in the song. The video was later released on the VHS and DVD "Video Anthology / 1978-88".
Live performance history.
Despite the personal nature of the song, it has occasionally been performed live. Between the Tunnel of Love Express Tour that supported the initial release of the album through July 2005, the song received 71 live performances in concert. It received renewed attention on the 2007–2008 Magic Tour as a showcase for Patti Scialfa's singing and Nils Lofgren's guitar work.

</doc>
<doc id="18708817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708817" title="Very Small Business (TV series)">
Very Small Business (TV series)

Very Small Business is an Australian television comedy series first broadcast on Wednesday 3 September 2008 on ABC1. The series is written by Wayne Hope, Gary McCaffrie, and Robyn Butler, and produced by Hope and Butler. It comprises six half-hour episodes.
Synopsis.
Don Angel is the small business owner of the Worldwide Business Group, a business he's trying to grow. This business includes publishing of dubious niche magazines such as "Feelin' Great", "Railway Union Monthly" and "Music, Music, Music, Music" - mere vehicles used by smooth-talking Don to sell advertising space to unsuspecting businesses. He’s just hired Ray Leonard, a down-and-out former journalist for "The Australian", as his senior journalist and sole employee.

</doc>
<doc id="18708823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708823" title="Dayana Borges">
Dayana Borges

Dayana Andreína Borges Mora (born 19 February 1990 in Maracay) is a Venezuelan model. She entered the Elite Model Look Venezuela 2006 pageant, held in Caracas on 10 October 2006. She was chosen first runner-up. Borges was also the first runner up in the Elite Model Latino 2006 pageant held in December 2006 in Los Cabos, Mexico.
Borges represented the Venezuelan Federal Dependencies in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant, in September 2008, and won the "Miss Internet" title.

</doc>
<doc id="18708834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708834" title="Thomas Carr Farmstead Site (Keeler Site RI-707)">
Thomas Carr Farmstead Site (Keeler Site RI-707)

The Thomas Carr Farmstead Site (Keeler Site RI-707) is a historic archaeological site in Jamestown, Rhode Island on Route 707.
Thomas Carr built a homestead on the site in the early 18th century and the site added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 as building #84000356.

</doc>
<doc id="18708839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708839" title="Logan Village, Queensland">
Logan Village, Queensland

Logan Village is a suburb of Logan City, Queensland, Australia. Once part of the Shire of Beaudesert, Logan Village has now been included in Logan City and is a low density semi-rural suburb. The area has remained remote with few commercial or retail outlets.
The Logan River passes through the middle of the suburb as does the disused railway from Bethania to Beaudesert and the Waterford-Tamborine Road.
The name derives from the river which was named after Captain Patrick Logan. The township was referred to by various names in the colonial era, including "Village of Logan", "Town of Logan", and "Logan Town".
History.
In 1827 Captain Patrick Logan, commandant of the Moreton Bay penal colony, made an expedition to Mount Barney. The expedition is believed to have camped beside the Logan River near present day Logan Village; Logan notes in his journal, "June 19th.—…at two o’clock arrived at the Logan, not fordable; stopped for the night;".
On the first accurate map of the region compiled by the surveyor Robert Dixon and published in 1842 ("This map of Moreton Bay"), the Logan River is shown with a navigation limit marked near the locality of Logan Village. The label “Boats to here" is placed at up river from the site now occupied by the township.
The area was initially subject to settlement restrictions. Until 1842 a exclusion radius for the penal colony prohibited free settlers. Apart from escaped convicts it was timber, especially cedar, that brought the first European activity to the Albert and Logan catchments. After 1842, with closure of the penal colony, land north of Beaudesert towards Brisbane was opened for leasehold only, to facilitate planning and cropping; unlike further south in the Upper Logan where squatters occupied large runs or stations.
Freehold settlement.
European settlement at Logan Village itself originated in its location as the head of navigation on the Logan River, and with the Logan Agricultural Reserve being proclaimed in 1862 for freehold selection. The first constructions were a wharf and store for the cotton plantation at ‘Townsvale’ (Veresdale) owned by Robert Towns.
The first bridge built at Logan Village over the Logan River opened in 1897. Swept away by flood in 1903, it was 93 years before it was replaced with a new bridge in 1996 which was named after the Beaudesert Shire Engineer, Geoff Philp.
In the 1920s, Rifle Range no. 98 was located along Miller Road for the Logan Village Rifle Club.
During the Second World War Camp Cable, an army training base, extended from Logan Village in the north to the Albert River in the south-east. Memorials relating to the camp were relocated from its former entrance to the grounds of the Logan Village RSL in 2012.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Logan Village is 3,586, 48.6% female and 51.4% male.
The median/average age of the Logan Village population is 38 years of age, 1 year above the Australian average.
75% of people living in Logan Village were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 6.2%, New Zealand 5%, Scotland 0.7%, Germany 0.7%, South Africa 0.6%.
91% of people speak English as their first language 0.3% Finnish, 0.3% German, 0.3% French, 0.2% Khmer, 0.1% Spanish.
Heritage listings.
Logan Village has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Community.
The Logan Village Community Centre is located along Wharf St, and includes meeting rooms and a number of heritage buildings. Adjacent to the Centre is the Village Green, a parkland with picnic and playground facilities.
In 2013 Logan Village celebrated "Settlers Day", 150 years since freehold titles were first taken up in September 1863. Events included a street parade, re-enactment of Captain Logan's 1826 landing, and other commemorative activities.
The "Forest of Memories", described as an "outdoor museum", was erected at Logan Village in 2013 as part of the 150 year celebrations. It is situated on Albert St and consists of a row of plaques leading to 15 three sided totems displaying historic images and stories from the district. The "Forest" features special lighting for display at night.
Planning.
In 2011 the Logan City Council endorsed the "Logan Village Local Plan" to develop the town centre and surrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="18708848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708848" title="Samcheonggak">
Samcheonggak

Samcheonggak (Hangul:삼청각 Hanja:三淸閣) is a small Korean-style mountainside resort in Seongbuk-dong, Seongbuk-gu, Seoul. Samcheonggak is near Cheong Wa Dae, the official residence of the President of South Korea, so the surrounding forest remained undeveloped during Korea's miraculous economic growth.
Name.
The name "Samcheonggak" comes from Chinese characters meaning "the pavilion of the three purities." The "three purities" (三淸) are pure water (淸水), pure mountains (淸山), and pure humanity (淸人). The name evokes a dwelling place for "shinseon", a Taoist hermit with supernatural powers (Hangul:신선 Hanja:神仙).
History.
Samcheonggak was first established in 1972 by the authoritarian Park Chung-hee government as a traditional Korean entertainment venue (Kisaeng house) for high-ranking government officials, especially the meeting between the respective Red Cross groups of South and North Korea. After the assassination of Park Chung-hee by Kim Jae-kyu in 1979, Samcheonggak operated as a private restaurant. Samcheonggak was closed due to financial problems in December 1999 and purchased by the Seoul Metropolitan Government in May 2000. The site was opened to the public on October 29, 2001.
In August 2005, Samcheonggak was purchased by Paradise Co., Ltd. The site contains a performance hall, a Korean restaurant, a tea house, and guest accommodations. There are six hanok. Samcheonggak is one of the most famous places in Seoul for traditional performances and fine dining.

</doc>
<doc id="18708869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708869" title="Devin Wyman">
Devin Wyman

Devin Edward Wyman (born August 29, 1973 in East Palo Alto, California) is an American football player with the Utah Blaze of the Arena Football League.
Personal.
Wyman was born on August 29, 1973 in East Palo Alto, California. Wyman married his wife, Shelby, on July 7, 2007.
NFL career.
Wyman was drafted in the 6th round (206th overall) of the 1996 NFL Draft by the New England Patriots. Playing in 15 games with 4 starts over two seasons with New England, Wyman spent the 1998 NFL season on injured reserve before leaving the team following the season. Prior to the 1999 NFL season, the defensive tackle signed with the Minnesota Vikings and was allocated to NFL Europe to play for the Barcelona Dragons. Not playing with a NFL team again until 2002, Wyman signed with the Kansas City Chiefs but was cut prior to the start of the 2002 season.
Collegiate career.
Wyman attended the College of San Mateo in San Mateo, California before transferring to Kentucky State University, an HBCU.
AFL career.
Leaving the NFL, Wyman began his Arena Football League career with the San Jose SaberCats in 2003. Staying with the team until 2005, Wyman was part of the SaberCats team that won ArenaBowl XVIII. The Kentucky State alum left San Jose for the Dallas Desperados in 2006. Wyman left Dallas in 2007 for the Utah Blaze. Following his first season with Utah, Wyman resigned with the team on August 2, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18708871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708871" title="Johann Georg Roederer">
Johann Georg Roederer

Johann Georg Roederer (May 13, 1726 – April 4, 1763) was a German physician and obstetrician who was a native of Strasbourg. He was father-in-law to historian August Ludwig von Schlözer (1735–1809).
Roederer studied medicine at Leiden, Paris and London, and afterwards was a pupil at the midwifery school in Strasbourg under Johann Jakob Fried (1689–1769). Through a recommendation from Albrecht von Haller (1708–1777), he was appointed in 1751 as the first professor of obstetrics at the University of Göttingen by George II, the British monarch and elector of Hanover.
Among his written works was a 1753 publication on the "elements of obstetrics" titled "Elementa artis obstetriciae in usum auditorum", and a treatise involving observations made with Carl Gottlieb Wagler (1731–1778) on the typhoid epidemic at Göttingen (1757–1763). He was a member of the "Académie Royale de Chirurgie", and in 1757, was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. 
He died in Paris on April 4, 1763 at the age of 36. After his death, his position at Göttingen was filled by Heinrich August Wrisberg (1739–1808).

</doc>
<doc id="18708874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708874" title="Elin Pelin dialect">
Elin Pelin dialect

The Elin Pelin dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in the eastern part of the Sofia valley in central western Bulgaria. Its immediate neighbours are the Vratsa dialect to the north, the Botevgrad dialect to the east, the Sofia dialect to the west and the Samokov dialect to the south.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#elinpelinski]

</doc>
<doc id="18708885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708885" title="Gennadi Matveyev">
Gennadi Matveyev

Gennadi Mikhailovich Matveyev () (August 22, 1937 in Rostov-on-Don - January 15, 2014) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Matveyev made his debut for USSR on October 11, 1964 in a friendly against Austria.

</doc>
<doc id="18708889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708889" title="Terminal Annex">
Terminal Annex

The United States Post Office – Los Angeles Terminal Annex, located at 900 North Alameda Street in Los Angeles, California, was the central mail processing facility for Los Angeles, from 1940 to 1989.
Across Macy Street from Union Station, the Mission Revival and Spanish Colonial Revival building of Terminal Annex, which was designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Construction and opening.
Designed by Gilbert Stanley Underwood, the Terminal Annex was built by the Sarver & Zoss contracting firm from 1939 to 1940. The building was built for the purpose of processing all incoming and outgoing mail in Los Angeles. Though its purpose was principally utilitarian, Underwood sought to keep the building's design in keeping with the city's Union Station, which opened across the street in May 1939. The original building was a three-story structure with two towers and of floor space.
The $3 million postal annex opened in May 1940 with 1,632 postal clerks, carriers and laborers responsible for the processing of 2,000,000 pieces of mail per day. The facility, which was kept open 24 hours a day, was equipped with the latest facilities for rapid handling of mail, including conveyors, chutes, weighing machines, cancelling machines, and sorting and facing tables. At the time of its opening, it was considered "the most modern and efficient" post office in the nation. At the formal dedication ceremony in June 1940, the postmaster called the annex a symbol of the achievements of democracy, opening at a time when the monuments of Europe were "being ground in the dust."
Expansion to meet increased volume.
Only ten years after its opening, the demands of the city's mail had already outgrown the facility. Accordingly, the Post Office announced plans in 1950 for a $12 million expansion, including an adjoining five-story parcel post building and other structures as well.
Scandals and tragedies.
During nearly 50 years as the city's central postal processing facility, the Terminal Annex suffered a number of scandals and tragedies, including the following:
Insufficient space leads to construction of South-Central facility.
By the 1980s, the operations had outgrown even the expanded facilities at the Terminal Annex. The facility's volume had grown by the mid-1980s to 14 million pieces of mail per day, and the annex was plagued by inadequate space, overcrowding and inadequate work areas. Accordingly, the Postal Service Board of Governors in 1984 approved the construction of a new $151 million general post office in South-Central Los Angeles. Almost 50 years after Terminal Annex became the city's main mail-processing facility, the new processing facility in South Central opened in 1989. Despite the move of the processing facility, the customer service windows in the Terminal Annex's ornate lobby remain open.
Filming locations.
When the Postal Service moved out of the building in 1995, it was used as a film location for the motion picture "Dear God" in 1995 and for the CBS television series "EZ Streets" in 1996. Producers used the lobby, decorated with WPA murals, to represent City Hall.
It was also turned into a hospital, complete with an emergency room entrance, for the movie "City of Angels."
Historic designation.
The Terminal Annex building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 based on its architectural style.

</doc>
<doc id="18708932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708932" title="Aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor">
Aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor

An aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor (synonyms: DOPA decarboxylase inhibitor, DDCI and AAADI) is a drug which inhibits the synthesis of dopamine by the enzyme aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase (AAAD, or DOPA decarboxylase, DDC).
Indications.
Peripheral DDCIs incapable of crossing the protective blood-brain-barrier (BBB) are used in augmentation of L-DOPA (Levodopa) in the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) to block the peripheral conversion of L-DOPA into dopamine for the purpose of reducing adverse side effects. Combined l-dopa and DDCI therapy does not inherently decrease peripheral cardiovascular side effects of l-dopa administration; however, combined therapy potentiates the central effects of l-dopa by decreasing the dose-dependency 4-5 fold, therein allowing for effective Parkinson's Disease treatment without cardiovascular risk associated with high peripheral dopamine.

</doc>
<doc id="18708962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708962" title="Marie-Claire">
Marie-Claire

Marie-Claire is a given name. It is a combination of the names Marie and Claire, which are both of French origin. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18708970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18708970" title="Svavarsson">
Svavarsson

Svavarsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Svavar". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709010" title="Park Ridge South, Queensland">
Park Ridge South, Queensland

Park Ridge South is a suburb of the Logan City local government area, within the Greater Brisbane Metropolitan Region, Queensland, Australia. Once a rural community, it is developing into a low density residential suburb. At the 2011 Australian Census the suburb recorded a population of 1,778.
The suburb is bisected by the Mount Lindesay Highway.
Park Ridge South was officially gazetted as a suburb in 1991. It was previously part of the Beaudesert Shire local government area. Rosia 
Road and Stoney Camp Road at Park Ridge South formed part of the boundary between the local government areas of Beaudesert Shire and Logan City. The 2008 Queensland Local Government amalgamations saw former suburbs of Beaudesert Shire including Park Ridge South moving to Logan City.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Park Ridge South is 1,778, 49% female and 51% male.
The median/average age of the Park Ridge South population is 40 years of age, 3 years above the Australian average.
73.8% of people living in Park Ridge South were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 6.2%, New Zealand 4.6%, Taiwan 1%, China 0.8%, Croatia 0.7%.
84.2% of people speak English as their first language 1.7% Khmer, 1.5% Mandarin, 1.1% Hmong, 1% Croatian, 0.7% Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="18709115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709115" title="Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency">
Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency

The Canadian Musical Reproduction Rights Agency Ltd. (CMRRA) is a music licensing agency based in Toronto, Canada. Founded in 1975, CMRRA is a non-profit organization which represents music publishers and music copyright owners. On their behalf, CMRRA issues licenses authorizing the reproduction of musical works. CMRRA's licenses are applicable to distribution in Canada only.
CMRRA presently licenses the reproduction of its clients' music in the following areas:
Online licensing and the broadcast mechanical are carried on through CMRRA's joint venture with Montreal-based SODRAC, CMRRA-SODRAC Inc. (CSI)
Representation by CMRRA is open to any person, firm or corporation which owns or administers one or more musical works with respect to Canada.
CMRRA is governed by a Board of Directors elected every two years by the members of the Canadian Music Publishers Association (CMPA).
CMRRA is managed by David A. Basskin (President and CEO) and a management team which includes Caroline Rioux (Executive Vice President), Fred Merritt (VP Finance and Administration), Lori Ellis (Director of Operations) and Veronica Syrtash (Director of Business Affairs).

</doc>
<doc id="18709127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709127" title="Lo Mejor de Marcos">
Lo Mejor de Marcos

Lo Mejor De Marcos is the eighth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album is a collection of Witt's best song over the past years.

</doc>
<doc id="18709134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709134" title="Edward Hazen Parker">
Edward Hazen Parker

Edward Hazen Parker, M.D. (1823, Boston, Massachusetts - November 9, 1896, Poughkeepsie, New York) was an American physician and poet.
Parker was born Isaac and Sarah (Ainsworth) Parker. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1846, and received his medical degree from Jefferson Medical College in 1848. After graduation, he was appointed lecturer on anatomy and physiology at Bowdoin Medical College at Concord, New Hampshire, and there he undertook also the editorship of the "New Hampshire Medical Journal" which he conducted successfully for nine years.
In 1853, on being called to the chair of physiology and pathology in the New York Medical College, Parker left Concord and established himself in practice in New York City, his confrères in the college being Peaslee and Barker. During the three years that Parker held this professorship he established the "Medical Monthly" (1854), which he continued to edit personally for many years with great ability and success, and was co-editor of "The Journal of Medicine", Concord, in 1850. In 1854 he received the degree of A. M. from Trinity College, and in 1858, by the solicitation of many friends and patients, was induced to remove to Poughkeepsie, New York, where he practised nearly up to the time of his death, a period of some forty years. Parker was elected president of the Medical Society of the State of New York in 1862; and held a commission in the corps of volunteer surgeons provided by the state under Governors Morgan and Seymour; and was also one of the medical board of Vassar Hospital.
Parker was memorialized as "a physician and a surgeon of signal competency and skill" and "a man of extremely fine fiber, of unusual cultivation, and of high scholarly attainments".

</doc>
<doc id="18709139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709139" title="Sofia dialect">
Sofia dialect

The Sofia dialect is a Bulgarian dialect, member of the Southwestern Bulgarian dialects, which is spoken in western part of the Sofia valley in central western Bulgaria. Its immediate neighbours are the Vratsa dialect to the north, the Elin Pelin dialect to the east, the Transitional dialects to the west and the Samokov dialect to the south.
Phonological and morphological characteristics.
For other phonological and morphological characteristics typical for all Southwestern dialects, cf. Southwestern Bulgarian dialects.
Sources.
Стойков, Стойко: Българска диалектология, Акад. изд. "Проф. Марин Дринов", 2006 [http://www.promacedonia.org/jchorb/st/st_2_b_zap_2.htm#sofijski]

</doc>
<doc id="18709145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709145" title="Wayne School of Engineering">
Wayne School of Engineering

Wayne School of Engineering is an "innovative high school" in Goldsboro, North Carolina, USA. WSE currently serves grades 6–12. The school day starts at 10:30 and ends at 4:30. Wayne School of Engineering is housed at Goldsboro High School and selects students through an application process which all rising freshmen and 6th graders in Wayne County are eligible for. The school opened August 8, 2007. 
Wayne School of Engineering's mission statement is: 
Wayne School of Engineering will provide a caring, supportive environment with rigorous inquiry based academics, focusing on real-world applications to produce citizens ready to achieve success in the 21st century.The school also has a garden in the front to promote awareness of world famine.
Curriculum.
Wayne School of Engineering's curriculum is based on collaboration, self-management, and relevance. Students are required to complete 15 hours of college credit and an internship. The 2007 school year started with A/B scheduling, but in 2008 has switched to 4×4 block scheduling.
For the 2008–2009 academic year, Wayne School of Engineering offered the following courses:
Wayne School of Engineering offers the following courses:
English I Honors
English II Honors
English III Honors
English IV Honors
Advanced Composition Honors
Speech and Debate Honors
World History Honors
Civics and Economics Honors
United States History Honors
Engineering the Future Honors
Applications of Science Honors
Earth/Environmental Science Honors
Biology Honors
Chemistry Honors
Physics Honors
Integrated Math I-S (Block and year-long)
Integrated Math II Honors (Block and year-long)
Integrated Math III Honors (Block and year-long)
Pre-Calculus Honors
Drafting I Standard
Drafting Engineering II Honors
Drafting Engineering III Honors
Students may take courses with NCVPS and Learn and Earn (Online college courses). As of the 2011-2012 school year, students can also take online or face-to-face classes at Wayne Community College or just online with Lenoir Community College. The most popular online courses are Foreign language, Journalism, Civics and Economics Honors, and higher-level mathematics, science and other language classes online.

</doc>
<doc id="18709149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709149" title="Gissurarson">
Gissurarson

Gissurarson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Gissur". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709169" title="Meira (disambiguation)">
Meira (disambiguation)

Meira is a municipality in Galicia, Spain.
Meira may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709177" title="Stellaris">
Stellaris

Stellaris is a fictional extraterrestrial female warrior appearing in comic books published by American publisher, Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
Stellaris first appeared in "The Mighty Thor" Vol. 1 #419-420 (July-August 1990) and was created by Tom DeFalco and Gary Hartle.
The character subsequently appeared in "The Mighty Thor", Vol. 1 #424 (October 1990), "Thunderstrike" #16 (January 1995), "Annihilation: Ronan" #1-3 (June-September 2006), "Annihilation: The Nova Corps Files" (October 2006), and "Annihilation: Saga" (May 2007).
Stellaris received an entry in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe Master Edition" #25.
Fictional character biography.
Her exact origins largely unknown even to herself, Stellaris travels the universe seeking vengeance against the god-like Celestials whom she claims destroyed her home world after judging it "unfit". Eventually her travels lead her to Earth when she pursues a Replicoid, a messenger of the Celestials sent to Earth to summon the heroes Thor and Hercules to the "Black Galaxy". After finding the messenger, she destroys it out of her hatred for the Celestials. Stellaris fought Hercules and was defeated by Thor. The pair allowed her to escape when she threatened to destroy the Earth. Stellaris secretly entered the High Evolutionary's starship "New Wundagore", where she freed Nobilus. Stellaris escaped with Nobilus, and follows Hercules and Thor to the Black Galaxy to kill the Red Celestial. In the Black Galaxy, she found a group of Celestials in the process of bringing to life a new Celestial. Stellaris attacks intending to destroy the new Celestial by setting off an enormous explosion, only to find she has inadvertently provided the final energy needed to allow the new Celestial to come to life. She later recovered, and returned to Earth to kill Thor. She fought the original Thor and the third Thor, and then decided to "relax" on Earth for a while.
Some time after her encounter with the Celestials in the Black Galaxy, Stellaris shadows for a period of time on Earth Eric Masterson, a mortal human who had been bonded with Thor at the time when Thor and Stellaris first encountered one another. Stellaris covertly aids Masterson in his adventures as the hero "Thunderstrike" before returning to space once again in order to seek clues to her origin.
When the interdimensional villain, Annihilus, invades outer space Stellaris submits herself to super powered extraterrestrial Gamora becoming one of one of Gamora's "Graces" to order to oppose the threat. During a battle in the conflict with Ronan the Accuser, Stellaris was seriously wounded.
Powers and abilities.
Stellaris is an athletic woman with no superhuman powers, although she is skilled in her native world's equivalent of street-fighting techniques. Stellaris possesses a suit of "living" armor of unknown origin and composition. In one story her armor was assessed by a robot to be identical to the armor of the Celestials. She can mentally will the armor to reshape itself to her specifications, and even cause it to increase or decrease in size and mass. Hence, she can cause the armor to become much larger and more massive than herself, cause it instead resemble a form-fitting jumpsuit, or even cause it to take on the appearance of normal terrestrial clothing. Stellaris can also will the armor to form a vast array of weaponry and vehicles. Examples so far observed include armament that fires blasts of concussive energy and intense heat and a "sonic shatter-pistol." She can cause part of her battlesuit to become an advanced skycycle or even to become a vehicle resembling a normal Earth motorcycle that can nevertheless fly through the air. Stellaris's battlesuit is said to contain power on the level of the Silver Surfer's. The battlesuit contains a self-destruct system that will cause the battlesuit to implode, releasing enough concussive force to destroy a planet. The battlesuit is capable of both atmospheric flight and interstellar travel.

</doc>
<doc id="18709211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709211" title="John Street House">
John Street House

The John Street House is a historic home that was part of the Underground Railroad. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located in Salem, Ohio.
History and role in abolitionism.
Salem, Ohio, was a major nexus of corridors along the Underground Railroad. In the city itself, there were at least six stops, primarily in the southern half, located closest to the actual railroad lines. The John Street House is one of the northernmost stops in Salem.
Built in 1838, the building was initially constructed as the residence of John Street, a son of the city’s co-founder, Zadok Street. The Street family were Quakers and active in the Western Anti-slavery Society, an abolitionist organization then headquartered in Salem. Interested in aiding fleeing slaves, the Streets altered their residence after its initial construction, and provided food and clandestine lodging in several hiding spaces throughout the house. In a windowless basement, fugitive slaves would sleep during the day and travel to another "station" on the Railroad by night. The famous abolitionist John Brown was a frequent guest at the house.
Current status.
The John Street House is a private residence, and is not open to the public.
The house is listed on the National Register for its architectural significance.

</doc>
<doc id="18709213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709213" title="Aleksandr Medakin">
Aleksandr Medakin

Aleksandr Georgiyevich Medakin () (born September 23, 1937 in Moscow; died January 14, 1993 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Medakin made his debut for USSR on May 21, 1961 in a friendly against Poland. He played in the 1962 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18709216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709216" title="Munruben, Queensland">
Munruben, Queensland

Munruben is a suburb of the Logan City, Queensland, Australia. Once a rural community, it has been developed into a low density residential community. At the 2011 Australian Census the suburb recorded a population of 2,809. 
The Mount Lindesay Highway passes through the suburb.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Munruben is 2,809, 48% female and 52% male.
The median/average age of the Munruben population is 38 years of age, 1 year above the Australian average.
77.6% of people living in Munruben were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 5.8%, New Zealand 5%, Germany 1%, Scotland 0.7%, South Africa 0.7%.
91.1% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% German, 0.7% Hmong, 0.5% Hindi, 0.5% Serbian, 0.4% Vietnamese.

</doc>
<doc id="18709242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709242" title="Aviva (disambiguation)">
Aviva (disambiguation)

Aviva may refer to
Aviva may also be a given name, which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709245" title="Jessica López">
Jessica López

Jessica Brizeida López Arocha (born January 22, 1986) is a Venezuelan artistic gymnast. She competes both for the Venezuelan national team and in NCAA gymnastics for the University of Denver, and qualified to compete as an individual at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
In 2009, she competed at the 2009 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. In March 2010, she won the bronze medal at the Tyson American Cup. At the end of March, she won the gold medal in the all around, uneven bars, and floor exercise at the South American Games. She won medals in Moscow, Porto, and Ghent, and at the Glasgow World Cup. In September, she went to compete at the Pre-Panamerican Games, where she won two silver medals (uneven bars and balance beam) and one bronze medal (all around). In October, she competed at the 2010 World Championships, where she qualified for the all-around finals and finished in the tenth place, the best showing ever for a Venezuelan gymnast. She carried the Venezuelan flag in the closing ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18709247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709247" title="Sharad Malhotra">
Sharad Malhotra

Sharad Malhotra (born January 9, 1983) is an Indian, Punjabi actor. He played Sagar and then Amar in "Banoo Main Teri Dulhann" which ended on May 25, 2009.
Biography.
He is from Kolkata and has done his B. Com. from St. Xaviers College, Kolkata. In 2003, he was chosen as the Face of the Year-Kolkata. Then he attended a couple of acting workshops with Samrat Mukherjee and Nishi Arora (Kalawati Academy). In 2004, he participated in the Zee Cine Star Ki Khoj. After that he came to Mumbai and since then his work is being managed by Israni Communications (Raj and Amita Israni). He did a lot of ads prominent among them being ads for P.C.Chandra (was the first male model to have done a jewellery campaign). Then he did ads for National Insurance, Life Insurance Corporation, Peerless Insurance. The latest advertisement of mine that is being aired on TV is the one he did for EXIDE Batteries. He also played a role in Sony TV's "Kabhie To Nazar Milao".
Then he went into Banoo Main Teri Dulhann and during Banoo Main Teri Dulhann he also went into a reality show called Yeh Hai Jalwa. After Yeh Hai Jalwa Sharad has said that he will not do anymore reality shows because they are too "real" for him, he prefers "reel" life more than "real" life.
He has been a model and Television for a while now and is wanting to move into movies, and he says that when he leaves Banoo Main Teri Dulhann he might go into Bollywood.
He is going to be in the future Bollywood movie called From Sydney with Love, it will release on Aug 31, 2012
After Banoo Main Teri Dulhann ended Sharad Malhotra went to NYFA (New York Film Academy) Ref
Role in "Banoo Main Teri Dulhann".
Sharad Malhotra has been known for many roles as Sagar Pratap Singh in his serial "Dulhann". He has played different kinds of characters in the serial. He has also played a role of Amar Sagar's rebirth.Ref

</doc>
<doc id="18709274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709274" title="Patrick McKenna (Irish politician)">
Patrick McKenna (Irish politician)

Patrick McKenna was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1923 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Longford–Westmeath constituency. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election and was an unsuccessful candidate at the September 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18709275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709275" title="First long-distance telephone line">
First long-distance telephone line

The world's first long-distance telephone line, established in 1877, connected French Corral with Bowman Lake (previously known as French Lake) at the headwaters of the Yuba River. It was strung across trees and poles for a distance of in Nevada County, California, passing through Birchville, Sweetland, North San Juan, Cherokee, North Columbia, Lake City, North Bloomfield, Moores Flat, 
Graniteville, and Milton. 
The line was operated by the Ridge Telephone Company for the service of Milton Mining and Water Company, as well as other water companies. The line was an improvement over the system used in nearby Downieville, California.
Historical landmark.
The site is now a California Historical Landmark. The marker is inscribed:
WORLD'S FIRST LONG-DISTANCE TELEPHONE LINE
The first long-distance telephone in the world, built in 1877 by the Ridge Telephone Company, connected French Corral with French Lake, 58 miles away. It was operated by the Milton Mining Company from a building on this site that had been erected about 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="18709299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709299" title="Oona">
Oona

Oona is a feminine given name. It is an Anglicisation of the Irish-language name "Úna". Apart from Ireland, it is also a popular name in Finland. A variant spelling of "Oona" is "Oonagh".

</doc>
<doc id="18709306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709306" title="Languages of Guyana">
Languages of Guyana

English is the official language of Guyana, which is the only South American country with English as the official language. 
Guyanese Creole (an English-based creole with African and/or East Indian syntax) is widely spoken in Guyana. 
A number of Amerindian languages are also spoken by a minority of the population. These include Cariban languages such as Macushi, Akawaio and Wai-Wai; Arawakan languages such as Arawak (or Lokono) and Wapishana. 
Other languages spoken include Chinese, Hindustani and Tamil . 
Second and third languages.
Portuguese is an increasingly widely used as a second language in Guyana, particularly in the south of the country, bordering on Brazil. Dutch and French are spoken by those who frequently visit neighboring French Guiana and Suriname. French is widely taught in secondary schools along with Spanish as foreign languages. Spanish is also used by a minority of the population as a second language. Spanish is spoken typically by visitors and residents from Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="18709311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709311" title="Rolled oyster">
Rolled oyster

A rolled oyster is a baseball-sized seafood dish that is found only in and around Louisville, Kentucky. It consists of three raw oysters dipped in an egg-milk cornmeal batter called pastinga, rolled in cracker crumbs (hence the name), and deep fried. They were first served by Italian immigrant Phillip Mazzoni and his brothers in the late 19th century as a free giveaway to their saloon patrons with a purchased beer or whiskey. It is unknown if rolled oysters were actually invented by the Mazzonis, or if the recipe was brought over from Italy with them. During prohibition, Mazzoni's remained open by selling these oysters in their new restaurant and it became a popular food item all over town. Today, most seafood restaurants and fish fries in the Louisville area will have their own version of these on their menus.

</doc>
<doc id="18709339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709339" title="Wings of Hell">
Wings of Hell

Wings of Hell is a science fiction novel by David Sherman and Dan Cragg; it was released on December 30, 2008. It is set in the 25th Century in Sherman and Cragg's StarFist Saga. It is the 13th novel of the series followed by "Double Jeopardy".
No one captures the action and sacrifice of war better than real combat vets David Sherman and Dan Cragg. Now their blazing space epic Starfist continues as Marines of the Confederation's Thirty-fourth Fleet Initial Strike Team (FIST) go head-to-head against the deadly Skinks. Of course, Company L's third platoon has fought these aliens before, but never before in these numbers. . . .
Blurb.
Planet Haulover has been invaded by Skinks. Until now the aliens' existence has been kept confidential. But Force Recon's shocking report leaves the Confederation no choice but to mount a military campaign and reveal to the public its biggest secret: the threat of fierce alien predators bent on human destruction. What's no secret is that the four army divisions and two Marine FISTs sent to Haulover aren't nearly enough to defeat the well-entrenched aliens, who have a tunnel system second to none.
Back home, the Confederation's president is being denounced as a warmonger bent on exterminating 'harmless' aliens. And if she loses the upcoming elections, the Confederation will have a lot more Skinks than those on Haulover to worry about.
Newly promoted Lieutenant Charlie Bass and his third platoon have more pressing concerns, such as staying alive. But what would be a suicidal mission for most-whether it's raiding a well-defended Skinks base or destroying the enemy's most lethal weapons during a desperate firefight-is for them just another job. 

</doc>
<doc id="18709372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709372" title="Richmond Boys Choir">
Richmond Boys Choir

Richmond Boys Choir (or RBC) is a non-profit organization whose mission is "building a richer humanity for male youth through personal, academic and musical excellence." The organization, which has been nationally recognized on numerous occasions, is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, in the United States. RBC is tax-exempt and remains totally funded by donations, sponsorships and federal and state grants.
History.
The Richmond Boys Choir was founded in 1996 in Richmond, Virginia. RBC was originally a collaboration between Theatre IV and the Boys & Girls Club of Richmond. In the fall of 1996 the RBC conducted its first citywide auditions. As a result approximately 25 boys were chosen for membership. By 1997 RBC successfully converted into an independent, non-profit 501(c)3. Before long the choir was recognized by the mayor as "Richmond's Ambassadors' of Song".
Philosophy.
Mission statement:
Building a richer humanity for male youth through personal, academic and musical excellence.
Core beliefs:
The Richmond Boys Choir seeks to provide a quality alternative for urban youth in Richmond by creating a positive avenue that cultivates personal development and establishes a foundation of academic and social success.
Performance awards.
The choir is presently in their 16th season and regularly performs both within the community of Richmond and on tour throughout the United States. Tours have included performances in Kansas City, Kansas, Baltimore, Maryland, Washington, D.C., Fayetteville, North Carolina and New York City, New York among others. The choir has also appeared on the nationally syndicated program "The Today Show". In 2007, the choir was named a finalist in the National Endowment for the Arts "Coming Up Taller Awards".

</doc>
<doc id="18709388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709388" title="Fedir Medvid">
Fedir Medvid

Fedir Yozhefovich Medvid also known as Ferents Medvid (; ; ) was a Ukrainian and Soviet football player.
Medvid was born on 5 January 1943 in Újdávidháza, Hungary (today in the Zakarpattia Oblast of Ukraine). He died on 8 November 1997 in Kiev, Ukraine.
International career.
Medvid made his debut for USSR on 23 October 1966 in a friendly against East Germany.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="18709401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709401" title="Big Bell Temple">
Big Bell Temple

The Big Bell Temple, or Da Zhong Temple (), originally known as Jue Sheng Temple (), is a Buddhist temple located on Beisanhuan Road in Beijing, China. 
The Big Bell Temple was built in 1733 during the reign of Emperor Yongzheng of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911). The temple's name came after the famous "Yongle" Big Bell that is housed inside the temple, which was cast during the reign of Emperor Yongle (1403-1424) of the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). According to a test by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Yongle Big Bell's sound could reaches up to 120 decibels and can be heard 50 kilometers away from the temple in the depth of night. Many music experts, including some from the Chinese Acoustics Institute have found its tone pure, deep and melodious with a sprightly rhythm. Its frequency ranges from 22 to 800 hertz. 
According to about.com: 
The temple houses, since 1985, a bell museum (Guzhong bowuguan; engl. Ancient Bell Museum) of several hundreds of bronze bells from various temples around China.

</doc>
<doc id="18709405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709405" title="Zofia">
Zofia

Zofia is a Ukrainian, Slavic, and Polish given name of Old Greek origin, meaning wisdom. It is a variant of Sofia. Famous people with the name Zofia:

</doc>
<doc id="18709428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709428" title="Þórarinsson">
Þórarinsson

Þórarinsson is a surname of Icelandic origin, meaning "son of Þórarinn". In Icelandic names, the name is not strictly a surname, but a patronymic. The name refers to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709458" title="TSG Balingen">
TSG Balingen

TSG Balingen is a German football club from the city of Balingen, Baden-Württemberg. With over 1,800 members, it is the largest sports club in the city and has departments for athletics, basketball, fencing, fistball, gymnastics, handball, judo, and karate, as well as various personal health oriented programs.
In 2002 the first handball team merged with TV Weilstetten to HBW Balingen-Weilstetten. The team now plays in Handball-Bundesliga.
__TOC__
History.
The origins of the club go back to the 19th century founding of a gymnastics club. The footballers first came to notice in the mid-90s with their advance to the Verbandsliga Württemberg (V) in 1995.
After twice finishing as vice-champions in the Verbandsliga and failing to win promotion to the Oberliga Baden-Wuerttemberg (IV) in subsequent playoffs, "TSG" finally claimed the league title in 2008 and advanced to what has become a fifth tier competition following the introduction of the 3. Liga.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
"TSG" plays in the Au-Stadion which has a capacity of 8,500, including 600 covered seats.

</doc>
<doc id="18709462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709462" title="Patrick Mulvany">
Patrick Mulvany

Patrick James Mulvany (2 July 1871 – 16 May 1951) was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1923 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Meath constituency. He did not contest the June 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18709496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709496" title="BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte">
BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte

BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH, (or Bosch and Siemens Household Appliances, BSH) is the largest manufacturer of home appliances in Europe and one of the leading companies in the sector worldwide. The group stemmed from a joint venture set up in 1967 between Robert Bosch GmbH (Stuttgart) and Siemens AG (Munich) and posted annual sales of 9,8 billion Euros in the year 2012. Today, BSH operates 42 factories in 13 countries in Europe, the USA, Latin America and Asia. Together with a global network of sales and customer service firms, the BSH conglomerate today is made up of about 70 companies in 50 countries, with a total workforce of close to 47,000 people.
The BSH product range covers a wide spectrum. It includes large home appliances for cooking, dishwashing, laundry (washing and drying), refrigeration and freezing, as well as a multitude of small appliances, such as fully automatic espresso machines, floor care and hot water appliances (consumer products).
BSH Brands.
Main Brands:
Special Brands: 
Regional Brands:

</doc>
<doc id="18709506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709506" title="John Conlan (Kildare politician)">
John Conlan (Kildare politician)

John Conlan was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1923 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare constituency. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election. He was an unsuccessful candidate at the September 1927 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18709542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709542" title="Anton Khudobin">
Anton Khudobin

Anton Valerievich Khudobin (; born May 7, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Carolina Hurricanes of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Minnesota Wild 206th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career.
Khudobin began his hockey career in his native Kazakhstan, but moved to Russia at a young age and joined the Metallurg hockey school in Magnitogorsk in order to develop his game at a higher level. He was a consistent starter for Russia's national junior squad, earning a gold medal at the 2004 IIHF World Under-18 Championships and silver medals at the 2005 and 2006 IIHF World Junior Ice Hockey Championships. He played as a backup for HC Metallurg before deciding to move to North America and play in the Canadian major-junior system. Khudobin played with the Saskatoon Blades of the Western Hockey League for the 2005-06 season, and helped them to their best regular-season finish in over a decade and backstopped them past the first round of the playoffs for the first time in six years. In 2006 he returned to Russia and took over back-up duties with Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Russian Superleague (RSL), helping the team to the league championship. In the summer of 2007, three years after being drafted, Khudobin signed a three-year entry-level contract with the Minnesota Wild.
Khudobin spent the following season splitting time between the AHL's Houston Aeros and the ECHL's Texas Wildcatters, earning top ECHL goaltender honors for 2007-08. In 2009-10 Khudobin made the full-time jump to the Aeros, and made his NHL debut for the Wild on February 4, 2010, replacing the injured Josh Harding in a 4-2 win over the Edmonton Oilers. He made his first NHL start two days later on February 6, 2010, stopping 38 of 39 shots in a 2-1 win over the Philadelphia Flyers.
Following a September 24, 2010 preseason knee injury to Harding, the Wild's full-time back-up goaltender, Khudobin was expected to take over that role for the Wild. However, the Wild opted instead to sign Jose Theodore to a one year contract, leaving Khudobin in the number-three position. Soon after the signing Khudobin was returned to Houston.
Khudobin was recalled by the Wild on January 8, 2011 to back up Theodore after starter Niklas Bäckström suffered a strained hip flexor. On January 12, Theodore suffered a similar injury, and Khudobin replaced him in the third period of a 5-1 loss to the Nashville Predators. After a 4-1 loss to the visiting Colorado Avalanche on January 14, Khudobin posted his first career NHL shutout, making 32 saves in a 4-0 win over the visiting Vancouver Canucks.
Khudobin was traded to the Boston Bruins on February 28, 2011 in exchange for Jeff Penner and Mikko Lehtonen. He was assigned to the AHL's Providence Bruins. He finished the season strong and was called up as an emergency goalie for Boston during the playoffs. Khudobin was included on the team picture, and awarded a Stanley Cup ring. Since he did not play for Boston during the 2010-11 season his name could not be included on the Stanley Cup. On July 1, 2011, Khudobin signed a two-year contract extension with the Bruins. He served as the backup goaltender to Tuukka Rask during the lockout shortened season . On April 5, 2012, Khudobin played his first game with Boston earning himself a win against the Ottawa Senators.
On July 5, 2013, the Carolina Hurricanes signed him to a one-year $800,000 contract.

</doc>
<doc id="18709546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709546" title="Medianoche">
Medianoche

Medianoche (Midnight in Spanish) is a type of sandwich with origins in the Caribbean islands of Cuba and Puerto Rico. It is served in many Cuban, Cuban-American, Puerto Rican, and other Latino communities in the United States. It is so named because of the sandwich's popularity as a staple served in Havana's night clubs right around or after midnight.
A "medianoche" consists of roast pork, ham, mustard, Swiss cheese, and dill pickles. It is a close cousin to the Cuban sandwich, the chief difference being that a "medianoche" is made on soft, sweet egg dough bread similar to Challah rather than on crustier Cuban bread. Like the Cuban sandwich, the "medianoche" is typically warmed in a press before eating.

</doc>
<doc id="18709566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709566" title="Hildaly Domínguez">
Hildaly Domínguez

Hildaly Dellanira Domínguez Núñez, is a pageant titleholder from Guárico, Venezuela who was competed in the Miss Venezuela 2008 pageant on September 10, 2008.
Domínguez won the Miss Guárico 2008 title in a state pageant held in San Juan de los Morros, Venezuela on 5 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18709584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709584" title="Ford Taurus (fifth generation)">
Ford Taurus (fifth generation)

The fifth-generation Ford Taurus is an automobile manufactured by the Ford Motor Company from 2007 until 2009. It is the fifth in six generations of the Ford Taurus. However, it is sold under the Taurus name only in the United States and Canada since the Ford Five Hundred was sold in Mexico.
This generation of the Taurus is sold in the Middle East as the Ford Five Hundred.
Background.
The Ford Taurus was one of the company's best-selling nameplates. However, it suffered from slumping sales since the late 1990s, steadily losing market share in the midsize segment to the Toyota Camry and Honda Accord. The fourth-generation Ford Taurus soon relied heavily on sales incentives and fleet sales, which further diminished its appeal. The Taurus was discontinued in late 2006, being succeeded by the Ford Fusion and Ford Five Hundred, however the Five Hundred did not perform to expectations.
However, this caused a controversy within the auto industry, with popular automotive websites such as Autoblog and The Truth About Cars expressing their disappointment at Ford for letting the Taurus nameplate decline. MSNBC interviewed many Ford workers who felt that Ford unjustly abandoned the car that had done so much to revitalize Ford and the US industry. In an October 25, 2006 USA Today editorial, "How Ford starved its Taurus" it was noted that while the Japanese stick with their popular models and keep them up to date and competitive, (such as the Toyota Corolla, which has been in continuous production since the 1960s), the Detroit automakers regularly abandon established models in search of "the next big thing".
However, after Alan Mulally became Ford's CEO, rumors were rampant that he was interested in reviving the Taurus. These were fueled by the fact that he said in an interview with the Associated Press that he was baffled to find out that the Taurus had been discontinued when taking position as CEO at Ford, as well as stating that he believed that discontinuing the Taurus was a mistake, and that the Five Hundred should have been named "Taurus" from the beginning. The rumors of a possible Taurus revival were confirmed in mid 2007, when the revamped versions of the Five Hundred and Freestyle were unveiled as "Taurus" and "Taurus X" at the 2007 Chicago Auto Show, a decision that was influenced strongly by Mulally. In a later interview, Mulally explained that the fact that the Taurus was well known and had a positive brand equity associated with it, something that would take lots of time and money to give to the Five Hundred.
Overview.
Exterior.
The exterior of the Fifth-generation Taurus is largely carried over from the Five Hundred. Apart from that of the front fascia, the Taurus is practically identical to that of the Five Hundred. Some design features on the Taurus were first used on a 2007 option package for the Five Hundred entitled the "chrome package".
The Taurus has a different front fascia that has Ford's signature three bar grille, new headlights, a new front bumper with fog lights, and side fender vents. The Taurus also gains new wheels, each differed on whether the SEL or Limited model was specified. Around the back, the Taurus has Ford Fusion style clear taillights and an added roof mounted Satellite radio adapter. However, despite these new design features, the Taurus' shape has been criticized for looking too similar to that of the Volkswagen Passat.
Interior.
As with the exterior, the interior of the Fifth-generation Taurus is largely carried over from the Five Hundred. However, it offers many subtle differences such as using a darker shade of woodgrain, a new steering wheel, among other changes. Ford chose to relocate the wiper switch from the left hand side (as with the Five Hundred) to the turn signal stalk on the right hand side, as has been the design of every Taurus since its 1986 introduction.
The radio is a new design that has chrome trim around the buttons, a new double tiered bin is in the center console, and there is a new shifter that is of a different design. However, the most notable feature of the Fifth-generation's interior - a feature that was new for the Taurus - was Ford's SYNC system, developed by Microsoft. This feature accepts voice commands, and can connect the driver's cell phones and MP3 players to the car, while organizing personal information.
Models and Engines.
The fifth generation Taurus is now offered in three models; the SE, SEL and Limited. The SE is the base model that costs approximately $24,000 US$, with the middle option SEL costing around US$26,000 And the top of the line version Limited, which costs US$30,000. This generation of Taurus uses the 263 hp 3.5 L Duratec 35 V6 which replaces the Duratec 30 3.0 L V6. The Five Hundred/Freestyle's ZF-Batavia CVT, which had a maximum torque capacity of , is also replaced with a Ford-GM joint venture six-speed automatic capable of withstanding the Duratec 35s additional torque. The Aisin AW six-speed automatic that was used on FWD Five Hundred and Montegos was also replaced by the new six-speed.
Variants.
Mercury Sable.
As with the Taurus, the Sable name was resurrected to apply to an updated version of the Mercury Montego. However, the changes from the Montego to the Sable are more extensive to that of the Five Hundred to the Taurus. From the Montego, the Sable sports a new front fascia, hood, fenders, trunk, and taillights. Inside, the Sable offers similar options and features to the Taurus, although it has the unique features of two toned leather seats and light woodgrain trim. The Sable offers the same drivetrain improvements as the Taurus.
Ford Taurus X.
When the revived Taurus was launched, a crossover variant was launched with it, entitled the Taurus X. As how the Taurus is revived from the Five Hundred, the Taurus X was born from the Ford Freestyle, itself based on the Five Hundred. The Taurus X sports a revised front fascia, hood, wheels, fenders, and taillights over the Freestyle. It also contains the same drivetrain improvements as the Taurus and Sable. As with the Taurus, the Taurus X also boasted some minor interior changes, mainly with the addition of the Microsoft SYNC system as an option. The Taurus X was offered in three models; SEL, the Limited, and a top of the range Eddie Bauer edition.
Due to sluggish sales, the Taurus X ended production on February 27, 2009. Afterwards, Ford re-tooled its Chicago Assembly Plant for the 2010 Ford Taurus (sixth generation), which went into production in June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18709588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709588" title="Nathan Wilmot">
Nathan Wilmot

Nathan Wilmot (born 13 December 1979) is a member of the Australian Sailing team sailor. He and team mate Malcolm Page have won five world titles in the 470 class. They also won the Olympic test event in Qingdao in 2007 and were considered favourites to win the 470 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. 
In the Beijing Olympic games they won convincingly on points leading into the medal race which they only had to finish to win first place. They won the finale race which secured them Olympic gold. 
They have been now classified as the most successful 470 competitors in history.
Although successful in the dinghy classes, he is an established ocean-racing yachtsman.
He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
Wilmot comes from a sailing family. His father competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and his uncle at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Uncle Hugh Treharne was tactician on the America's Cup syndicate, Australia II in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18709598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709598" title="Emmanuel Cole">
Emmanuel Cole

Emmanuel Cole (1908 - 1972) was a Sierra Leonean soldier who demanded fair treatment and reasonable pay from the British colonial power. Emmanuel Cole's efforts forced the British to provide improved conditions of service to Sierra Leonean soldiers of the Royal West African Frontier Force and for other RWAFF soldiers throughout British West Africa. 
Early life.
Emmanuel Cole was born in 1908 in Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone to poor Creole parents. After he graduated from secondary school in 1926, he immediately joint the Royal West African Frontier Force at the age of eighteen. He was attached to the Royal Artillery at the heavy battery in Murray Town Barracks in Freetown.
Protest.
In January, 1939, Cole convinced a group of his fellow Sierra Leonean soldiers to join him in sending a letter of protest to their British commanding officer, complaining that their pay was not enough to meet expenses. Cole and his fellow soldiers also demanded to be treated in the same way as British soldiers of the same rank and most of all they demanded boot and other forms of footwear.
The British Inspector-General of the West African Frontier Force had recommended boots for the soldiers as early as 1903, but the British officers on the sport preferred the African soldiers to remain barefoot to suggest their inferiority to British troops. When the commanding officer ridiculed the soldiers' demands, Cole asked bluntly: "Is our flesh different from that of the white gunners?," and when their demands received no consideration, Cole organised a strike. They refused to dress properly or to come to parade until given a fair treatment.
The British decided to deal with Cole and the others in the harshest possible way, and they charged them with mutiny, a crime carrying severe punishment under the military code. Throughout the court martial proceedings, Emmanuel Cole was coolly defiant. The British officers sentenced Emmanuel Cole to fifteen years in prison and his fellow soldiers to period ranging down to eighty-four days, but Labour MPs in Britain agitated until Cole and the others were pardoned.
Soon after the mutiny, the British were finally forced to provide boots and improved conditions of service to Sierra Leonean soldiers and other soldiers throughout British West Africa. Emmanuel Cole's efforts had brought increased dignity to thousands of his fellow West Africans.

</doc>
<doc id="18709600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709600" title="Che Chi">
Che Chi

Chế Chi, or Jaya Sinhavarman IV, was the king of Champa from 1307 - 1312. Because Chế Chi's Vietnamese mother refused to die with her husband and Chế Chi's father, Chế Mân, Chế Chi set out to recapture two districts ceded by Champa to Annam in their time of peace brought on by the wedding of his father and mother. He was defeated, however, and died a prisoner in Annam. After his capture, his brother, Che Da A Ba, was assigned to govern Champa by the Dai Viet.

</doc>
<doc id="18709605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709605" title="Laksmi Rodríguez">
Laksmi Rodríguez

Laksmi Rodríguez de la Sierra Solórzano (born November 19, 1985 in San Cristóbal, Táchira, Venezuela) is a model and Miss Venezuela International 2008. She competed in the Miss International 2009 beauty pageant, on November 28, in Chengdu, (China), and classified in Top 15 semifinalists (4th Runner-up). 
Rodríguez, who is tall, competed in the national beauty pageant Miss Venezuela 2008, on September 10, 2008 and obtained the title of "Miss Venezuela International". She represented Monagas state. Rodríguez studies Social Communication at the Santa María University, in Caracas. She stands 178 cm (5'10") and her measurements are 90-61-90.

</doc>
<doc id="18709618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709618" title="Malcolm Page (sailor)">
Malcolm Page (sailor)

Malcolm Page (born 22 March 1972) is an Australian sailor. He was educated at St. Andrew's Cathedral School in Sydney. He and team mate Nathan Wilmot have won five world titles in the 470 class. They also won the Olympic test event in Qingdao in 2007 and were considered favourites to win the 470 event at the 2008 Summer Olympics, which they did. Partnered with Mathew Belcher, Page again won gold in the 470 class at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Page carried the Australian flag during the Olympics closing ceremony.
At the end of the 2009-2010 ISAF Olympic Class sailing circuit Belcher & Page were:
Malcolm is now in a team with Matthew Belcher. He was in this team when he won the London Gold. 
Mat Belcher & Malcolm Page 2009 – 2010 Accomplishments - 470 Men's.
Notes
Olympics.
Malcolm Page was consecutive winner at the 2008 Summer Olympics (Beijing) event (with Nathan Wilmot), and the 2012 Summer Olympics (London) in the Men's 470 (with Mathew Belcher). 
Page was the official Australian flag bearer at the closing ceremony of the London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18709638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709638" title="Cameron Watson (footballer)">
Cameron Watson (footballer)

Cameron Watson (born 31 May 1987) is a Scottish Australian football (soccer) player who plays for Adelaide United in A-League, as a midfielder or right back.
Club career.
FC Porto and VVV-Venlo.
Watson previously played in the youth and reserve teams of Portuguese Liga giants FC Porto for one season before joining Dutch club VVV-Venlo, where he made a handful of appearances. From there he trained with both Melbourne Victory and Sydney FC in an intention to sign with either club before signing on with Melbourne Knights. Watson was linked to a move to Gold Coast United after head coach, Miron Bleiberg, expressed his interest in signing him. Did not sign for Gold Coast United due to an injury. On the 28th April 2010 he scored for Melbourne Heart in a team of trialists against the Whittlesea Zebras.
Adelaide United.
Watson signed for Adelaide United in the A-League on an injury replacement loan for Fabian Barbiero. He played his first match in round 1 of the 2010–2011 A-League season coming on as a substitute.
Watson signed a permanent 2-year undisclosed contract with Adelaide United in January 2011, taking him to the end of the 2012–2013 A-League season.
Personal life.
Cameron Watson's father, George Watson, previously played with Stirling Albion in the Scottish First Division before emigrating to Australia in the early 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="18709667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709667" title="Pagsanjan Falls stamp">
Pagsanjan Falls stamp

The Pagsanjan Falls stamp is a postage stamp, issued on 3 May 1932, which is notable for having an error. It is part of a set of seven stamps showing places of interest and landmarks in the Philippines, at that time a United States territory. It is a postage stamp design error printed in the United States and intended to display an image of Pagsanjan Falls, a tourist attraction in Laguna province in the Philippines. However, the image on the stamp is actually of Vernal Fall in Yosemite National Park, California.
The error has made the stamp the most sought after in the set: the 2008 Scott catalogue value for a very fine mint never-hinged copy of the stamp (Scott #357) is US$25.00, while no other stamp in the set exceeds US$1.00. The rest of the set comprise: 2¢ – Mount Mayon, 4¢ – the Manila Central Post Office, 12¢ – Pier No. 7, Manila, 20¢ – planting rice, 24¢ – rice terraces and 32¢ – Baguio zigzag.
Description.
The postage stamp design is of an upright rectangular form, a shape chosen so that the waterfall could be displayed in its entirety, and is printed in yellow and orange inks. The textural elements are at the top and bottom of the stamp; the base panel reads "United States of America" with 18 centavos denomination corner box on either side. Above this is a small banner that reads "Pagsanjan Falls" while a panel at the top of the stamp are the words "Philippine Islands" in an arc. The picture illustrates a large waterfall with trees growing at the top and a few boats nearby. The colors are bright so as to render the picture highly visible. Additional design elements frame the image on both sides.
Error.
Although the inscription reads Pagsanjan Falls, the waterfall on the stamp is Vernal Fall, a waterfall in Yosemite National Park in California. The error came about because the engraver intentionally used a photograph of Vernal Fall as the basis for the image on the stamp. No stamp was issued with a corrected image.

</doc>
<doc id="18709703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709703" title="Adil Murad">
Adil Murad

Adil Murad (born 1976) is a Pakistani film producer and actor in films, Television serials and tele-films, and son of legendary Pakistani actor Waheed Murad. He was introduced in the Pakistani Urdu colour film "Raja sahib" in 1996, but the film, due to bad direction and a weak story, flopped at the box office. Since then, he has been working in tele-films as an actor and as producer. He has been cast by Shoaib Mansoor in his tele-film "Streets of Karachi", which is based on the life of a couple in Karachi and the ups and downs of the city.
Continuance of Film Arts.
In an interview, Adil Murad said that he is aimed to continue his father's and grand father's (Nisar Murad) production company 'Film Arts' and has been working on several projects of tele-films, drama serials and big budget movies. So far, He has completed more than 400 hours of television production.

</doc>
<doc id="18709713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709713" title="Richard Wilson (Irish politician)">
Richard Wilson (Irish politician)

Richard Wilson (died 20 February 1957) was an Irish politician and farmer. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1922 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Kildare–Wicklow constituency. He was re-elected at the 1923 general election, this time representing the Wicklow constituency. He lost his seat at the June 1927 general election and was an unsuccessful candidate at the September 1927 general election. He was elected to the Seanad of the Irish Free State in 1928, and remained a member until it was abolished in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18709717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709717" title="Che Man">
Che Man

Chế Mân, or Jaya Simhavarman III (r. 1288 - 1307), was a king of Champa during a time when the threat of the Mongols was imminent. In 1282, Kublai Khan tried to gain passage into Champa by pretending to settle a division with Java. Chế Mân denied the Khan's entrance, and this angered him. Kublai Khan then asked Annam for entrance into Champa but received the same denial. In 1285, Kublai Khan sent 500,000 troops to fight Champa and Annam. However, the death of one of his top leaders put an end to the Mongol invasion of Champa and Annam.
The mutual struggle against the Mongols brought Annam and Champa closer together. Thus, the Annamese king Tran Anh Tong married off his daughter, Huyen Tran, to Chế Mân in exchange for the provinces of O and Lý. However, Chế Mân died soon after and the Princess's refusal to die with her husband was considered a national disgrace to Champa. In response to this, Chế Mân's son, Che Chi, set out to recapture two districts ceded by Champa to Annam. He was defeated, however, and died a prisoner in Annam.

</doc>
<doc id="18709722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709722" title="Sony Norde">
Sony Norde

Sony Norde (born 27 July 1989 in Grand'Anse) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Bangladesh Premier League club Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi. After a trial with Mexican side San Luis FC he was able to secure a spot at Argentine club Boca Juniors, he has yet to make a debut but has made a good impression while playing for San Luis FC's U-20 team scoring 8 goals.
Sony Norde has represented the Haiti national football team at the Youth and Senior levels. He represented Haiti at the 2008 CONCACAF Men Olympic qualification tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18709731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709731" title="Picking Up the Pieces (Seventh Day Slumber album)">
Picking Up the Pieces (Seventh Day Slumber album)

Picking Up the Pieces is the third studio album released by Christian rock band Seventh Day Slumber.

</doc>
<doc id="18709741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709741" title="Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad">
Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad

The Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Railroad was a predecessor to the Kansas City Southern Railway that was started by Arthur Stilwell in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="18709746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709746" title="Ford Taurus (sixth generation)">
Ford Taurus (sixth generation)

The sixth-generation Ford Taurus is a full-size car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since June 2009. It is the sixth generation of the Ford Taurus, and also the largest Ford sedan available.
Development and marketing.
The preceding Ford fifth generation Taurus was a facelifted and mechanically enhanced Ford Five Hundred. While this did address several deficiencies of the Five Hundred, particularly the powertrain, it was still criticized for its handling and bland styling, with one reviewer describing it as a "SUV shaped like a sedan".
In 2008, Ford Motor Company's Chief Executive Officer Alan Mulally stated that the new Taurus is "the one we should have built originally".
A leaked photo of a 1:1 scale design mock-up purported to be the 2010 Ford Taurus circulated on the Internet from message boards. Ford contemplated legal action against web sites which posted the photo and Ford attorneys asked site owners to remove the photo.
The U.S. Ford website showed videos comparing the 2010 Taurus to 2009 model year luxury sedans, including the flagships of several Japanese marques. One test showed that the Taurus' paint coat was more resistant to gravel chips than a Lexus LS460; another noted that the Taurus had a blind-spot detection sensor system that the Infiniti M45x lacked; the third showed the Taurus SHO outpacing the Audi A6 4.2 L V8 in straight-line acceleration; the last comparison said that Taurus' cabin was quieter than an Acura RL.
Sales for the sixth generation Taurus are projected to be around 50,000 to 75,000 annually, as Ford planned a lower volume to avoid steep discounts/incentives. Previous iterations of the Taurus, which were classified as midsize cars, had sold 400,000 vehicles per year at their peak in the 1990s.
Release.
The 2010 Ford Taurus was unveiled at the 2009 North American International Auto Show at Cobo Hall. In May 2009, the new Taurus debuted at three dealers in the Buffalo, Tampa, and Houston, respectively, to be put on display and to build anticipation for the release. The first dealer, West Herr Ford in Hamburg, New York, was chosen due to the successful unveiling of the redesigned Ford F-150 earlier that year.
The 2009 Taurus's counterparts, the Ford Taurus X and the Mercury Sable, ceased production in spring 2009 at Ford's Chicago Assembly Plant. The sixth-generation Taurus' production started on June 15, 2009 for the 2010 model year. Unlike previous generations of the Taurus, the sixth-generation Taurus does not have a Sable counterpart from Mercury, as that marque was slowly phased out by 2011.
Reception.
The Ford scored well in test drives, and the media was pleased with some of the new features available in the 2010 Ford Taurus. Some of these features include all wheel drive, cross traffic alert, collision warning, blind spot monitoring and adaptive cruise control.
While its predecessor was criticized for dull styling, the new Taurus was described as "big and muscular" to draw attention, albeit "a love-it-or-hate-it affair".
However, despite being praised for its exterior appearance, it was still criticized for its lack of interior room and reduced sight-lines despite its full-sized exterior dimensions, compared to the previous-generation Five Hundred/Taurus which was praised for its vast interior and greenhouse visibility; one reviewer remarked that while the "old Taurus' interior was cavernous; the new one just feels like a cavern". Edmunds noted that the eighth-generation Honda Accord (which competes in the mid-size category) had superior driving dynamics and a more efficient design that yielded almost as much interior space as the larger Taurus. Car and Driver described the Taurus as overweight and underpowered, with unresponsive braking and steering, while Motor Trend criticized a few aspects of the interior as evident cost-cutting.
It should be noted that the roof line has been lowered and makes entry and exit extremely difficult for officers over 5'8". Reports of officers getting stuck exiting because of utility belts are getting more frequent. Many officers are refusing drive the cars based on space. Local rehabs are reporting increased reports of lower stress and strain due the cramp doors and sitting position.
While the Taurus SHO's EcoBoost V6 engine was praised, some reviewers suggested that it was more of a big engine option while offering a marginal improvement on driving dynamics, and less of a high-performance car (compared to similarly priced cars which are rear-wheel drive like the Pontiac G8 and Chrysler 300).
Design and features.
The design of the sixth-generation Ford Taurus was led by Chief Designer Earl Lucas. Many of the Taurus' design elements were influenced by the music that the design team listened to. According to Earl Lucas, "When you've got good music, it's amazing how many shapes come out". The sixth-generation Taurus also features a more aerodynamic version of the 3-Chrome Bar grille, and a rear end similar to that of the Ford Interceptor concept.
The new Taurus also features Ford Sync, push-button start, heated front and rear seats, crash avoidance system, and a lane-changing blind spot warning system. Also new for the Taurus is Ford's new Multi-Contour Seats, which feature air cushions that pad the driver and passenger’s entire back, including three for lumbar support, four for lateral support and four for the seat pad. The bottom cushion features Active Motion technology, which provides a subtle continuous massage, designed to lessen back pain on long trips. The 2010 Taurus was the first vehicle to use the Multi-Contour Seats.
Variants and trim levels.
The sixth generation Ford Taurus was sold in three trim levels, SE, SEL, and Limited.
The base SE model, designed for rental and fleet use, came stock with a 3.5 L 24-valve DOHC Duratec V6 engine, six-speed automatic transmission, manual tilt/telescopic steering wheel with audio and cruise control functions, an AM/FM stereo with a single CD player, clock, MP3 capability, and six speakers, Ford's MyKey system, and AdvanceTrac electronic stability control.
The mid-range SEL trim level had the same engine, with a six-speed SelectShift automatic transmission featuring paddle activation, dual-zone electronic automatic termperature control, a leather-wrapped steering wheel and shift knob, Sirius satellite radio, and a perimeter anti-theft alarm.
The top-of-the-line Limited model featured perforated leather-trim bucket seats, ambient lighting with choices of seven different colors, SYNC voice-activated communication and entertainment system, a premium AM/FM radio with a six-disc in-dash CD changer, chrome-accented, heated mirrors with memory and security approach lamps, a reverse sensing system and rear view camera.
Taurus SHO.
The 2010 Taurus SHO was unveiled at the 2009 Chicago Auto Show. It went on sale in summer 2009, with a base MSRP of $37,995 (including destination fees).
The SHO includes a 3.5 L EcoBoost V6 engine rated at at 5500 rpm and of torque at 3500 rpm, a SelectShift 6-speed automatic transmission with control paddles mounted on the steering wheel, torque sensing all-wheel drive, sport-tuned suspension and steering, 19" alloy wheels with Goodyear Eagle tires (Michelin high-performance tires on the optional 20" wheels), a decklid-mounted spoiler, twin chrome exhaust tips, and SHO-specific parking lamp bezels.
The SHO Performance Package includes upgraded brake pads, recalibrated electronic power-assisted steering for improved responsiveness, a "Sport Mode" setting for the Electronic Stability Control, a shorter 3.16 to 1 final drive ratio for faster acceleration, and summer-compound 20" Goodyear Eagle F1 performance tires with premium painted wheels. time is rated at 5.2 seconds.
Police Interceptor Sedan.
When the Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptor (CVPI) ended production in late 2011, a variant of the sixth-generation Taurus was offered to police forces in early 2012 as a 2013 model.
Ford is referring to the new police car simply as the "Police Interceptor Sedan", rather than a Taurus. 
It is available with both engines of the civilian Taurus: the 3.5 L Cyclone V6 producing , and the 3.5 L EcoBoost V6 from the SHO producing .
The Cyclone V6 & EcoBoost versions feature all-wheel drive, like the SHO. The Police Interceptor includes much of Ford's latest safety technology, such as Blind Spot Information System, rear view camera, reverse sensing system, and electronic stability control. Ford states the Police Interceptor Sedan will match the safety record of the CVPI, and have desirable CVPI features unavailable on the Taurus like a column-shifted automatic added back in. Police officers have criticized the lack of room in the Police Interceptor Sedan compared to the Crown Victoria.
Safety.
2010 National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) crash test ratings:
Facelift (2013-).
The 2013 refresh of the Taurus was unveiled at the 2011 New York Auto Show and bears cosmetic changes, new engines and new technology.
The most obvious change at first glance is the new front fascia incorporating sharper angles very similar to the recent facelift of the Ford Territory in Australia.
Changes to the rear of the car were minor with the only noticeable change being new taillights and dual exhaust tips (only the SHO has true dual exhaust while the other trim levels use a single exhaust that splits under the car). While the interior remains mostly unchanged, the Taurus now incorporates the MyFord Touch system which means a new head unit with 8" touch screen, steering wheel and interactive gauge cluster. Other features new to the 2013 Taurus include a heated steering wheel, and an all new Sony sound system featuring HD Radio and iTunes Tagging. Additional interior features include Multicontour seats with Active Motion (massage), push-button start, auto high beams and a rear view camera.
The engines available on the face lifted Taurus are an 2.0 L EcoBoost engine with and of torque while achieving 22/32/26 mpg. The standard engine is the 3.5 Duratec with 288 hp and 254 lb-ft of torque while achieving 19/23/29 mpg. 
On SHO models there is a 3.5 L turbocharged V6 of power and of torque. This engine is paired with six-speed high capacity 6F55 SelectShift Automatic.
The 2013 Taurus SHO's European rivals are the Volvo S60 T6 R-Design, the BMW 550i (F10), the Mercedes E550 (W213), and the Porsche Panamera 4S.
It became available at dealerships starting in March 2012 and this generation had become the First Generation and arrived in the Middle East for the 2013 model year and replaced the Ford Crown Victoria which had ended at the very end of its 2012 model year.
There are no major changes for the 2014 Ford Taurus, save for new wheel designs and minor tweaks to standard and optional equipment. A lane-keeping assist feature has been added to the Driver Assist package.

</doc>
<doc id="18709747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709747" title="Glenn Ashby">
Glenn Ashby

Glenn Ashby (born 1 September 1977) is an Australian sailor from Bendigo, Victoria. He and skipper Darren Bundock were the 2007 world champions in the Tornado class and ranked number one in the event going into the 2008 Summer Olympics. However, they were beaten by the Spanish team and won silver. Ashby has also won 8 consecutive A Class world championships. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 

</doc>
<doc id="18709756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709756" title="Jencks">
Jencks

Jencks could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18709760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709760" title="Megalampris">
Megalampris

Megalampris keyesi is an extinct opah from the late Oligocene of New Zealand about 26 million years ago. It was recovered from the Otekaike Limestone in North Otago, by a team from the University of Otago. Its spectacular remains, mostly caudal skeleton, are on display in the Otago Museum, Dunedin, New Zealand. Comparison with the skeletons of living "Lampris" species suggest that it was around 4 meters in length.

</doc>
<doc id="18709774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709774" title="Waipatia">
Waipatia

Waipatia maerewhenua is an extinct species of whale from the Oligocene of New Zealand. It is known from a single skull found near 45° South in Otago .

</doc>
<doc id="18709785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709785" title="Bloodymania (2007)">
Bloodymania (2007)

Bloodymania was a professional wrestling event produced by Juggalo Championship Wrestling (JCW), which took place at midnight on August 12, 2007 at Hog Rock in Cave-In-Rock, Illinois. Professional wrestling is a type of sports entertainment in which theatrical events are combined with a competitive sport. The buildup to the matches and the scenarios that took place before, during, and after the event, were planned by JCW's script writers. The event starred wrestlers from JCW's SlamTV! internet wrestling show, as well as guest wrestlers from the independent circuit. The event was the first produced under the Bloodymania name.
Eight matches were held on the event's card, which featured a supercard, a scheduling of more than one main event. The first of these matches was an 8 Team Tag-Team Elimination match for the JCW Tag Team Championship, which was won by Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher. The second main event match was a Hardcore Match for the JCW Heavyweight Championship that featured the champion, Corporal Robinson, defeating Scott Hall to retain the title. The third was a Six Man Tag Team match which saw the team of Insane Clown Posse (Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope) and Sabu defeat Trent Acid and The Young Alter Boys. Featured matches on the undercard included a Louisville Slugger Match between 2 Tuff Tony and Bull Pain. A match between CJ O'Doyle and Kamala was also scheduled, but never occurred.
The event had an attendance of 5,800, and was released on DVD on October 30, 2007. The video, "SlamTV! Part 2 (featuring episodes 10-15 including East Side Wars and Bloodymania)", also featured the second half of the first season of SlamTV!.
Background.
Bloodymania featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds, plots, and storylines that were played out on "SlamTV!", Juggalo Championship Wrestling's (JCW) internet program. Wrestlers were portrayed as either a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension, and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches. The event featured wrestlers from JCW's SlamTV!.
The predominant rivalry for the show was a confrontation between the team of Insane Clown Posse (Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope) and Trent Acid, rooted on the first episode of SlamTV!. Trent Acid, the self-proclaimed "Savior of JCW", debuted in the promotion by cutting a promo against the Juggalo fanbase, the company, and Insane Clown Posse (real-life owners of JCW). While continuing to badmouth the company in the following weeks, Acid had confrontations with several heroes of the company and friends of Insane Clown Posse. On the final episode of the season, Shaggy 2 Dope announced that he would return to wrestling after being out for 15 months due to a legitimate neck injury which required surgery. Shaggy stated that he, Violent J, and friend Sabu would team up to take on Trent Acid and The Young Alter Boys (Alter Boy 1 and Alter Boy 4) in a Six Man Tag Team match at Bloodymania.
Corporal Robinson came into SlamTV! as JCW Heavyweight Champion, and began the season searching for a worthy contender for his championship. In the fourth episode, Trent Acid won a 10 Man Battle Royal to become the number one contender for Robinson's championship. At West Side Wars, Acid pinned Robinson after using the championship belt as a weapon, and became the new JCW Heavyweight Champion. Corporal Robinson received a rematch at East Side Wars in a Steel Cage Match, and regained the championship after performing a Diving leg drop through a table off the top of the cage. On the final episode of the season, it was announced that Robinson would face off against WWC Universal Heavyweight Champion Scott Hall in a hardcore match at Bloodymania.
On the first episode of SlamTV!, Insane Clown Posse (owners of JCW, and then-Tag Team champions) announced that they had stripped themselves of the JCW Tag Team Championship due to the titles not being defended in over a year. The vacating of the titles caused several tag teams to emerge. Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher dominated competition all season, establishing themselves as top contenders for the vacant tag team titles. Newcomers Zach Gowen and Human Tornado formed the tag team the Pimp & Gimp Connection and made an immediate impact, earning themselves a spot in the title match. Later, it was announced that the championship would be contested in an eight team tag-team elimination match featuring tag teams of the past and present. Other teams announced for the match included Bad Breed (Axl and Ian Rotten), The Original Dream Team (Brutus Beefcake and Greg Valentine), The Headshrinkers (Samu and Alofa), Team All Japan (Brute Issei and Akira Raijin), The Basham Brothers (Doug Basham and The Damaja), and Tito and Jorge Santana.
Nosawa was a main veteran hero with considerable success in JCW. However, he started off SlamTV! with a string of loses, losing all of his first five matches. After receiving a letter from his storyline mentor The Great Muta, stating that Muta was coming to check up on his pupil, Nosawa gained confidence and began a winning streak. At "East Side Wars", Muta teamed with Nosawa to help him defeat the team of Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher. Nosawa continued his winning streak into episode 14, where he was assaulted after his match by Justin Credible. On the following episode, Nosawa interfered in Credible's match by spitting Asian mist into his eyes. A match was then set for Nosawa and The Great Muta to face Justin Credible and his mystery partner at Bloodymania.
2 Tuff Tony had been involved in a scripted rivalry with Tracy Smothers when, as part of the storyline, Smothers was arrested and forced off the rest of the tour. The following weeks saw Tony taking on various opponents. At "East Side Wars" he was attacked after his match by Bull Pain, who hit him multiple times with a metal baseball bat. After the assault, Pain placed Tony on a table and proceeded to leap off stage, driving Tony through the table. While Tony was out injured as part of the storyline, Pain continued to beat opponents mercilessly using the metal baseball bat he called Brother Pain. On the final episode of the season, it was announced that 2 Tuff Tony would take on Bull Pain at Bloodymania in a Louisville Slugger match, where it is legal to use baseball bats as weapons.
Event.
Preliminary matches.
The first match that occurred was a standard match between Último Dragón and Jimmy Jacobs, who was accompanied to the ring by Scott D'Amore. At one point, D'Amore interfered in the match and Jacobs attempted to suplex Último. Dragón reversed the move and hit a spinning back kick to Jacobs' gut. He then pinned Jacobs after performing his finisher "Asai DDT", a move in which he applied a three-quarter facelock on Jacobs, performed a backflip, then landed in a kneeling position, driving Jacobs' head back-first down to the mat. The next match was a Triple Threat featuring Pogo the Clown, Jake Roberts, and Abdullah the Butcher. After knocking Abdullah unconscious outside of the ring, Pogo reversed Roberts' finisher DDT by ramming him into the corner. Pogo then landed an Elbow Drop and pinned Roberts for the victory.
2 Tuff Tony and Bull Pain then fought in a Louisville Slugger match. When Bull Pain climbed to the top rope, Tony punched him and wrapped his legs around Pain's head then performed a backflip, forcing Pain into a somersault. During a brawl outside of the ring, Tony threw Bull Pain through a table that was held up by members of the audience. After laying Pain onto another set up table, Tony climbed to the top rope and dove toward him, spinning 360° before landing stomach first across Pain, breaking him through the table. Tony gained the pinfall after he hit "The Meteorite", a move in which Tony poured alcohol on his right glove, lit it on fire with a lighter, and punched Pain in the face.
In the following tag team match, Justin Credible and 2 Cold Scorpio took on Nosawa and The Great Muta. When Nosawa attempted to deliver a running knee to Scorpio's head, Scorpio blocked the move and hit Nosawa with a spinning kick to the face. After knocking Muta off of the apron, Scorpio kicked Nosawa in face, then Credible lifted Nosawa upside down and kneelt down to drop his head to the mat with "That's Incredible!". Scorpio hit a diving moonsault for the pinfall. After the match, Muta spit Asian mist in Nosawa's face and delivered his finisher Shining Wizard. In the final preliminary match, Tracy Smothers challenged any wrestler in the company. Ron Killings answered the challenge, running to the ring and hitting Smothers with a corkscrew flying forearm smash. Killings then finished Smothers with a corkscrew scissors kick for the win.
Main event matches.
The first main event of the night was an 8 Team Tag-Team Elimination match for the JCW Tag Team Championship. Early on, Necro Butcher pinned Greg Valentine with a Sunset flip, eliminating The Original Dream Team. Following a series of tags, Samu and Alofa hit Axl Rotten with a Double falling headbutt for the pin. Quickly after, Tito Santana pinned Samu with a Schoolboy. Later, Damaja hit Zach Gowen with Brain Damage, then Doug Basham landed a Diving headbutt and pinned Gowen, eliminating Pimp & Gimp Connection. After another series of tags, Brute Issei eliminated the team of Tito and Jorge Santana following an STO on Jorge. Issei then agreed to a partnership with The Basham Brothers, but Doug quickly turned on him and landed the Last Impression to eliminate Team All Japan. In the final minutes, Doug attempted a Sunset flip on Mad Man Pondo, but Pondo counted and hit him with the Stop Sign Smash for the victory.
The second main event featured JCW Heavyweight Champion Corporal Robinson defending the title against Scott Hall. Hall took early control of the match with pokes to Robinson's eyes and slaps to his head. The match continued in Hall's favor for several minutes until Robinson rolled out of the ring and performed a rope-aided jawbreaker. As Hall was down, Robinson brought a tray full of thumbtacks into the ring. Hall attacked Robinson from behind, then placed him on the top turnbuckle and performed a super back suplex. He then attempted to hit his signature Razor's Edge by placing Robinson's head between his thighs, but Robinson countered with a forearm to the groin. After another attack to the groin and an eye poke, Robinson locked in a Cobra clutch and hooked his foot behind Hall's leg before throwing himself backwards, forcing Hall backwards into the tray of thumbtacks for the win.
The final main event was a Six Man Tag Team match between Insane Clown Posse and Sabu and the team of Trent Acid and The Young Alter Boys, who were accompanied by Annie Social the Nun. Shaggy 2 Dope wrestled for the first time in 15 months, delivering multiple stiff punches to Alter Boy 4 and performing several moves. When Sabu was tagged in against Trent Acid, he bounced off of the ropes and wrapped his leg around Acid's head. He set up a chair and attempted to jump off of it onto the ropes, but Acid tripped Sabu with his foot, causing Sabu to hit the chair head first. Later in the match, Violent J was kicked in the face by Acid. Both Alter Boys proceeded to attack Violent J with punches and clotheslines. Sabu entered the ring and threw a steel chair into Acid and both Alter Boys' faces. He then began smoking a legitimate blunt called the "Magic Blunt." After Violent J smoked the blunt, he became revitalized and clotheslined Acid and both Alter Boys. Sabu slammed Acid down to the mat, while Violent J climbed to the top rope and hit a diving moonsault. Shaggy 2 Dope then delivered a diving leg drop from the top rope before Sabu delivered another diving leg drop with a steel chair and pinned Acid for the victory.
Aftermath.
Along with Violent J, Corporal Robinson and Scott Hall formed the Juggalo World Order at Evansville Invasion. In the proceeding months, Shaggy 2 Dope, Nosawa, 2 Tuff Tony, Kevin Nash, Sid Vicious, and Diamond Dallas Page were all inducted as members. At Bloodymania III, the group continued the rivalry between Insane Clown Posse and Trent Acid, and defeated him and The Alter Boys in a 10-man Tag Team match. Mad Man Pondo and Necro Butcher held the JCW Tag Team Championship for half a year, but Butcher left the company for Ring of Honor, forcing the company to book a title change. Breyer Wellington replaced Necro Butcher, and he and Mad Man Pondo lost the titles to Violent J and 2 Tuff Tony at Evansville Invasion. The titles were later vacated, and the company held the "SlamTV! Tag Team Title Tournament" during the second season of SlamTV! to find the top two contending teams. At Bloodymania II, the Bloody Brothers (Ian and Lane Bloody) defeated Human Tornado and The Weedman to become JCW Tag Team Champions.
The rivalry between 2 Tuff Tony and Bull Pain halted, and Tony continued his staged rivalry with Tracy Smothers. The two battled throughout the second season of SlamTV!, and met in a tag team match at Bloodymania II where Tony and Boondox defeated Smothers and Bull Pain. Nosawa's rivalry with Justin Credible also ended, as Nosawa soon began working full-time for All Japan Pro Wrestling. Scott D'Amore continued to bring in new wrestlers in a storyline attempt to reform the company. During the second season of SlamTV!, he managed Kowabata and Conrad Kennedy, and at Bloodymania III he managed Jacobs again in a loss to Ken Shamrock.
Results.
8 Team Tag-Team Elimination match

</doc>
<doc id="18709789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709789" title="Haupiri">
Haupiri

Haupiri is a locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island. Greymouth lies to the west. The Ahaura and Haupiri Rivers run through the area.
The population of the Haupiri statistical district, which covers a much larger area than the locality, was 378 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 48 from 2001.
Gloriavale Christian Community.
Gloriavale Christian Community is a private commune 3 km south of Lake Haupiri. It was set up in 1990 when its members relocated from Springbank Christian Community in North Canterbury. The community of over 400 members operate a number of businesses on their large land holding surrounding their base. The Gloriavale organisation has attracted controversy through the notoriety of its leader, Hopeful Christian, who has convictions for sexual assault of community members, and its categorisation by some within the wider Christian community as a religious cult.

</doc>
<doc id="18709803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709803" title="Daniel Byrne">
Daniel Byrne

Daniel Joseph Byrne was an Irish politician and farmer. He was elected to Dáil Éireann at the 1922 general election as a Farmers' Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Waterford–Tipperary East constituency. He did not contest the 1923 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="18709806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709806" title="Darren Bundock">
Darren Bundock

Darren Bundock (born 21 March 1971) is an Australian sailor from Gosford, New South Wales. He won a silver medal in the Tornado class at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. Bundock and current crewmate Glenn Ashby are the 2007 world champions in the Tornado class and ranked number one in the event going into the 2008 Summer Olympics. However, they were beaten by the Spanish crew and won silver. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder. 
Moreover, he joined America's Cup World Series team Oracle in 2011, as replacement skipper and helmsman for Russell Coutts.

</doc>
<doc id="18709807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709807" title="Red Abbott (band)">
Red Abbott (band)

Red Abbott is a band whose members are based in New York City, Boston, Massachusetts and Portland, Maine and create electronic rock by emailing elements of songs to each other. Their debut album, "Having Fun Without You", was self-released through Broken Treehouse Music in September, 2007.
History.
Bert Brown, Chip Means and Joe Madera formed Red Abbott in 2006. Though they operate Red Abbott from three remote cities, the band's members all grew up in the Boston area and originally met in high school.
Using home recording equipment, Brown, Means and Madera set to work emailing pieces of songs back and forth until they had completed their debut, "Having Fun Without You." The process of editing the album's 12 tracks took eighteen months to complete. The band has noted in interviews that electronic rock band The Postal Service used a similar technique involving standard mail for their 2003 album "Give Up".
Shortly after the album's release, the band played its first and, as yet, only live concert, joined by former Radka drummer Shawn Hildonen.
The band has received considerable media attention for its email-only approach to songwriting and recording. Popular Mechanics featured the band in a series of stories on artists who use consumer electronics to create professional work. in the United Kingdom picked up the band's music video for "The Spare Room," created by Brown, and included it in rotation on the program "120 Minutes".

</doc>
<doc id="18709824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709824" title="Shawn Atleo">
Shawn Atleo

Shawn A-in-chut Atleo is the National Chief of the Assembly of First Nations in Canada.
Early years.
Atleo was born in 1967 in Ahousaht, British Columbia. He is a First Nations activist and formerly served as the AFN's Regional Chief in British Columbia. He has also been a Hereditary Chief of the Ahousaht First Nation, since 1999, part of the Nuu-chah-nulth Nation.
He holds a Master of Education in Adult Learning and Global Change (MEd) from the University of Technology in Sydney, Australia.
AFN leadership.
He was elected the AFN's National Chief at the leadership convention on July 23, 2009, defeating Perry Bellegarde after eight rounds of voting.
Atleo was re-elected for a second term on July 19, 2012, in the third round of voting at the AFN's 2012 leadership convention.
Duties outside of AFN.
In 2008, he was named Chancellor of Vancouver Island University in Nanaimo, British Columbia, becoming the first university chancellor of Aboriginal heritage in the province's history.
Atleo has been the executive director of a family addictions treatment facility and of an Aboriginal post-secondary training institute, Umeek Human Resource Development. He was a participant in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and led a delegation to assist in rebuilding indigenous communities in Indonesia following the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and its associated tsunami. He is also a member of the World Future Council, the National Patron of Free the Children We Day and a member of the National Leadership Council for Habitat for Humanity.
Personal life.
Atleo and his partner of 27 years Nancy have two adult children, Tyson and Tara.

</doc>
<doc id="18709829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709829" title="Denis Kulyash">
Denis Kulyash

Denis Kulyash (; born May 31, 1983) is a professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). Kulyash has been a long-time member of Russia's national ice hockey team known for his extremely hard slap shot, which gained him a nickname "Tsar Cannon" (). Kulyash currently holds a record of fastest ice hockey shot previously held by Boston Bruins defenceman Zdeno Chara with a speed of 110.3 mph (177.6 km/h).
Playing career.
After failing to make it into the senior team of Avangard Omsk, Denis Kulyash made his Russian Super League debut with HC CSKA, enjoying significant success with the club and as a result getting drafted by the Nashville Predators late in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. The young defenceman then signed with HC Dynamo Moscow in a hotly contested transfer and struggled to play at the same level. His career got back on track when he delivered a productive 2007-08 season after returning to HC CSKA in 2007. In February 2009, Kulyash scored his 50th career goal and thus became a member of the "Fetisov Club".
In January 2010, Kulyash was controversially traded to his home-town club Avangard Omsk in return for two other defencemen, Filipp Metlyuk and Evgeny Kurbatov. He went public with his discontent blaming HC CSKA's General Manager Sergei Nemchinov for the trade. However, Kulyash was quick to retreat expressing his delight at joining his native team. The defenceman managed to score against Metallurg Novokuznetsk, his second game in Avangard's jersey, but was injured in the next game and failed to make an impact throughout the rest of the disappointing season for the club.
In February 2011, Kulyash set the new world record for hardest shot during the KHL All-Star Superskills Competition. His result is 110.3 mph (177.6 km/h).
On May 3, 2011, Kulyash was announced as the new player of the KHL's Ak Bars Kazan.
In May 2013 he signed a new two-year contract with Avangard Omsk.
Records.
Denis Kulyash set the new world record for shot power, 110.3 mph (177.6 km/h) during the KHL All Star Superskills Competition on 3rd Kontinental Hockey League All-Star Game.

</doc>
<doc id="18709851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709851" title="Maniototo Area School">
Maniototo Area School

Maniototo Area School is an area school in Ranfurly, Central Otago, New Zealand, serving students aged 5–18. Founded in 1879, it has 190 students aged 5–18. The school has a strong sporting tradition and despite being in a remote location has a strong academic programme bolstered by Video Conferencing lessons and the OtagoNet project. The school also uses the internet as a learning tool as is shown by our Year 7 Wikispace [http://hiriwaroom.wikispaces.com/].
International Students.
Maniototo Area School hosts international students aged 11–18 and attracts those interested in a rural environment with a vibrant winter sports centre and the Otago Rail Trail.
Bute Beds.
One area of special interest at the school is 'Bute Beds'. These are two fully furnished houses rented out as 'Bed and Breakfast' units by the school. These are used to support social studies projects and to provide extra resources.
Other New Zealand Representative Teams.
All the above from.

</doc>
<doc id="18709857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709857" title="Wright Laboratory">
Wright Laboratory

Wright Laboratory was a research and development organization operated by the United States Air Force Materiel Command. In 1997, the Laboratory was merged into the Air Force Research Laboratory.
The Laboratory was named after the Wright brothers, American pioneers of aviation and the namesake of Wright-Patterson AFB where Wright Laboratory was based.

</doc>
<doc id="18709882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709882" title="Olympic Conference (Indiana)">
Olympic Conference (Indiana)

The Olympic Conference was an IHSAA-sanctioned conference located within Delaware, Fayette, Jay, and Madison counties. The conference was formed in 1971 by second (and third) high schools from Anderson, Kokomo, and Muncie, and also included suburban Indianapolis schools that grew too large for their conferences at the time. Many suburban schools ended up outgrowing the Olympic as well, with former members now in the Metropolitan and Hoosier Crossroads "superconferences," as the two contain many of the largest schools in the state.
While hosting ten schools in two divisions at its largest, the conference spent the 2000s with five members, then four after Huntington North joined the North Central Conference. With the closing of Anderson Highland after the 2009-2010 school year, as well as the possibility that Muncie Southside will close and be consolidated into Muncie Central in 2011, the conference decided to disband. Connersville joined the Eastern Indiana Conference in 2013, while Jay County joined the Allen County Athletic Conference in 2014. Southside remained open as an independent school until 2014

</doc>
<doc id="18709890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709890" title="Adenocaulon">
Adenocaulon

Adenocaulon is a small genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known generally as trailplants. There are about six species which can be found in the Americas and eastern Asia. 
Species include:

</doc>
<doc id="18709891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709891" title="George Provopoulos">
George Provopoulos

George Provopoulos (; born April 20, 1950 in Piraeus, Greece) is the current Governor of the Bank of Greece, and a member of the European Central Bank's Governing Council. Prior to his appointment as Central Bank Head, he was a Professor at the University of Athens. 
Education.
He obtained his Bachelor's Degree in Economics at the University of Athens, and his MA and PhD in Economics at the University of Essex on a UK Government Scholarship.
Career.
Previously, he was chairman and CEO at Emporiki Bank, Greece's fifth-largest lender, where he oversaw the bank's acquisition to Credit Agricole in 2006. He later served as CEO at Piraeus Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18709923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709923" title="Janice Pottker">
Janice Pottker

Janice Pottker is a Potomac, Maryland, author. She has a Ph.D. in sociology from Columbia University. She has lectured for the Smithsonian Institution, for the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum and for the Corcoran Gallery of Art.
History.
Around 1990 she wrote an article for "Regardie's", a magazine that covered the Washington business area, about Feld Entertainment. The CEO of Feld, Kenneth Jeffrey Feld paid Clair George and his assistant Robert Eringer $2.3 million to wiretap, bug and spy on Pottker.

</doc>
<doc id="18709927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709927" title="Clara Sherman">
Clara Sherman

Clara Nezbah Sherman (February 18, 1914 – July 31, 2010) was a Navajo artist particularly known for her Navajo rugs. Born Nezbah Gould, her mother was of the clan, and her father was of the . She was the last surviving member of ten siblings including an adopted sister. Sherman and her siblings learned to weave as children from her family, who specialized in the craft. Clara had several children with her husband, John Sherman. Her daughters and granddaughters also learned to weave.
She played the harmonica, and could "keep a melody and bass line going at the same time."
In 2006, she was awarded the Governor's Award for Excellence in the Arts by the governor of New Mexico in association with the National Endowment for the Arts. She is one of the artists whose work is available at the historic Toadlena Trading Post on New Mexico Arts' Fiber Arts Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="18709945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709945" title="Tom Slingsby">
Tom Slingsby

Tom Slingsby (born 5 September 1984) is an Australian sailor from the Central Coast of New South Wales. He is the reigning world champion and olympic gold medalist in the laser class. He is an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.
2007 - Won the Laser dinghy world championships.
2008 - Ranked number one in the Laser dinghy class prior to the 2008 Summer Olympics Laser competition but finished 23rd overall.
2010 - Won the Laser dinghy world championships at Hayling Island, UK. He was also named the male ISAF World Sailor of the Year.
2011 - Won the Laser ISAF World Sailing Championships at Fremantle, Australia.
2012 - Won the Laser dinghy world championship at Boltenhagen Germany for his fifth world title
2012 - Won the Men's Laser Gold Medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
2012 - Won the Australian Institute of Sport Athlete of the Year Award with swimmer Alicia Coutts. 
2013 - Won the 34th America's Cup as the strategist in Oracle Team USA. Re-signed with Oracle for their defence of the cup.
In December 2013 Slingsby is a crew member aboard racing supermaxi yacht Perpetual Loyal in the 2013 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race, with his other celebrity crew members, Karl Stefanovic, Larry Emdur, Phil Waugh, Jude Bolton and Guillaume Brahimi.

</doc>
<doc id="18709952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709952" title="Fairleigh Dickinson University Press">
Fairleigh Dickinson University Press

Fairleigh Dickinson University Press (FDU Press) is a publishing house under the operation and oversight of Fairleigh Dickinson University, the largest private university in New Jersey. FDU Press was established in 1967 by the university's founder Peter Sammartino, in cooperation with the publisher Thomas Yoseloff, formerly the director of University of Pennsylvania Press. Yoseloff had left this position the year before to found Associated University Presses (AUP), intended to operate as a consortium of small- to medium-sized university presses and publisher/distributor of humanities scholarship; FDU Press became the first participating member of AUP in 1968. When Associated University Presses ceased operating in 2010, a new distribution agreement was struck with Rowman & Littlefield.
FDU Press has issued over 1500 non-fiction and research titles since its inception, the majority in the fields of literature, literary criticism, arts, history and other social sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="18709956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709956" title="List of think tanks in Greece">
List of think tanks in Greece

In Greece there are several think tanks in operation, commonly known as policy institutes, research organisations, or simply institutes.
Some policy institutes are related with Greek political parties or named after political leaders.
The Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs lists the following think tanks:

</doc>
<doc id="18709958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709958" title="Hull-Warriner Award">
Hull-Warriner Award

The Hull-Warriner Award is an award bestowed by the Dramatists Guild of America. The award is unique in that it is given by dramatists to dramatists. It is presented annually by the Dramatists Guild Council to an author, or team of authors, in recognition of their work dealing with difficult subjects including political, religious, and social mores of the times.

</doc>
<doc id="18709961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709961" title="Foamansa Matturi">
Foamansa Matturi

Foamansa Matturi (1855 – 1936) was a Sierra Leonean ruler who led his fellow Kono people in fighting abilities and a diplomacy that helped bring stability to Kono District, a region that was continually the target of invasions from both its Sierra Leonean neighbours and Samori Toure's Mandinka warriors from French Guinea (now Guinea).
Career.
Foamansa Matturi was born in 1855 in the village of Jaima in Kono District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone to parents from the Kono tribe. His father was a prominent village elder in Jaima and his mother was a local Kono trader. As a young boy, Matturi quickly rose as the most dominant warrior of Jaima village.
For years, the region of Kono was unstable because of frequent attacks by its neighbours. Many of the people living in Jaiama were forced to flee in the wake of such raids, and hide in caves in the Nimini hills before migrating secretly northwards towards Kuranko country.
Jaiama then was one of the regions controlled by the great Mende ruler, Nyagua. When Ndawa, a professional warrior, attacked the territories of Nyagua's father in the Upper Mende region, Nyagua called for assistance from the Kono people. Matturi, the leader of the Kono responded swiftly by mobilising his Kono warriors on behalf of Nyagua. He was put in charge of all the fighting forces, and he carried out his task effectively, returning with spoils of victory for Nyagua. Nyagua rewarded Matturi by giving him all of Southern Kono and by promising to protect the region from enemy attacks.
Stability in Kono.
With peace and stability in the region, those who had fled returned and Matturi urged his people to re-build the town. This move towards reconstruction was abruptly interrupted when Samori Toure's Mandinka warriors attacked Kono in 1893 and occupied the villages of Tecuyama and Levuma. Matturi immediately informed Nyagua who, in turn, reported to the British Governor to Sierra Leone who was based in Freetown that his region had been invaded. However, by the time the British sent in their troops to repel the invaders, Matturi with the assistance of Nyagua had already succeeded in driving the Mandinka warriors from Kono.
Paramount Chief.
Matturi's military success in defeating Samori Toure's warriors greatly enhanced his reputation both among his subjects and the Freetown-based Colony Government. When Sierra Leone was declared a Protectorate in 1896, Foamansa Matturi was crowned the first Paramount Chief of Kono District.
During his rule, Foamansa Matturi initiated several development projects in his chiefdom, and the British authorities commended him for embarking on a road construction project linking the town of Jaiama to the other main towns in the Kono District. Foamansa Matturi died at an old age in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18709970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709970" title="Carlos Miguel Fitz-James Stuart, 14th Duke of Alba">
Carlos Miguel Fitz-James Stuart, 14th Duke of Alba

Don Carlos Miguel Fitz-James Stuart y Silva, 14th Duke of Alba, Grandee of Spain 1st Class (19 May 1794 – 7 October 1835 in Sion, Switzerland) was a Spanish aristocrat.
Biography.
Born in Madrid Spain in 1794, he was a descendant of James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick and through him, the exiled King James II of England. He was the second surviving son of the 5th Duke of Berwick and inherited that family's title's on his elder brother the 6th Duke's death in 1795. He was also a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece of Spain.
He became the 14th Duke of Alba in 1802 following the death of the childless 13th Duchess of Alba - he thus became a Grandee of Spain on 10 counts. He married, circa 1820, the Italian noblewoman Rosalía Ventimiglia di Grammonte y Moncada, (Palermo, Italy, 1798–1868). 
They had 3 children :
This title of Count of Galve was awarded by the first time in 1557. This title came back not to Enrique´s nephew Jacobo Fitz-James Stuart, 15th Duke of Alba, deceased 1881, but to the 16th Duke of Alba since 1881, Jacobo´s oldest son Carlos María Fitz-James Stuart, 16th Duke of Alba.
Carlos Miguel died on 7 October 1835 at age 41 at Sion, Switzerland and was succeeded on that year by his eldest son.
Ancestry.
Carlos Miguel Fitz-James Stuart was a direct descendant of the King James II of England through his illegitimate son James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick by his mistress Arabella Churchill.
Titles and styles.
Styles.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18709984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709984" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1965–1968">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1965–1968

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1965 to 1968, as elected at the 1965 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18709992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18709992" title="Adenophyllum porophylloides">
Adenophyllum porophylloides

Adenophyllum porophylloides is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names San Felipe dogweed and San Felipe dyssodia. It is native to the Sonoran and Mojave Deserts of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico. This is an aromatic desert subshrub with several branching stems reaching a maximum height near 60 centimeters. The sparse, clawlike leaves are divided into sharply pointed linear lobes that bear prominent resin glands. The foliage has an unpleasant scent. The inflorescence is borne on a peduncle several centimeters long. The flower head is cylindrical and lined with phyllaries with large resin glands on them. The tip of the head blooms with bright yellow to reddish orange disc florets. There are sometimes short, stubby yellow to reddish ray florets along the rim. The fruit is an achene about 5 millimeters long with a bristly, scaly pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="18710023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710023" title="María Adánez">
María Adánez

María Adánez Almenara (born 12 March 1976) is a Spanish actress, director, writer and producer.
Life and career.
Adánez most popular work includes "Pepa y Pepe", "Farmacia de guardia", and "Aquí no hay quien viva". She is now filming her first work as writer, director and producer "5ºB Escalera Dcha".

</doc>
<doc id="18710027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710027" title="Adam Hauck">
Adam Hauck

Adam Hauck is a writer, producer, and director, living and working in Los Angeles, California.
Biography.
Adam Hauck studied creative writing at San Diego State University, and briefly pursued a career in journalism before moving to Los Angeles to work in television and film production. Adam quickly found work as a writer and producer on the nightly FX talk show, "The X Show", then later worked on Comedy Central's "Beat the Geeks", and several reality TV shows, including MTV's "Road Rules" and NBC's "Who Wants to Marry My Dad?" In 2004, Adam made his feature film debut, writing and producing the documentary HOMECOMING, which he made with long-time producing partner George Cawood. HOMECOMING went on to enjoy an award winning festival run before finding a home on PBS. Some of Adam's recent work can be seen in the DVD documentary features he has written and produced for Gary Ross's Seabiscuit, James Cameron's Ghosts of the Abyss, Joss Whedon's Serenity, and Joe Carnahan's crime thriller Smokin' Aces. In 2007 he directed a music video for the post-rock band El Ten Eleven. Adam continues to actively develop narrative and documentary feature film projects through Pain Killer, LLC.

</doc>
<doc id="18710032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710032" title="Resorte">
Resorte

Resorte (Spanish for "spring device") is a Mexican nu metal band formed in 1995.
Biography.
Tavo, Juan Chávez and Carlos Sánchez formed the group in 1995. The band's birth occurred in sync with the emergence of a musical style called nu metal, which groups such as Rage Against the Machine and KoRn had already been promoting in the U.S. That same year, Resorte made an independent music video for "America" that was the band's first achievement and would become the band's anthem. This video fell into the hands of MTV and began receiving cable play, which enabled the group to be known.
After many concerts, in June 1997, Resorte released "República de Ciegos" thru Discos Manicomio. These were moments of gestation for the musical movement that came in that spring. There had been a musical explosion in Mexico, and the band's compatriots Molotov released their first album a month later.
Resorte participated in festivals and multiple concerts for thousands of people. In September 1999, the group released their second album "XL". Its release represented a new push for the band and it was then when Resorte got its first taste of real fame, receiving radio and television play and reaching the Top 10 on MTV. By then they were opening concerts for internationally known bands such as Limp Bizkit and Papa Roach.
Resorte took a short break in 2001 to work a new material eventually to become "Versión 3.0". Carlos "Charal" Sánchezm the band's drummer and co-founder, had already left the band to be with his family. The label Manicomio shut down operations and Resorte was forced to find another recording label.
Resorte eventually signed with Warner Bros. to release its third album. "Rebota (f=k x)" was released in 2002, with the addition of a new vocalist, "Pato" Elizalde, a member of the hip-hop group Control Machete. This work represented Resorte's peak in musical quality, with excellent production and sound, having been recorded in two major studios in the U.S.
However, "Pato" returned to his previous group Control Machete and sales were not as high as expected.
Respect at the national level for Resorte is evident, it headlines all the presentations they perform in.
In May 2006, Resorte performed in the Vive Latino festival and in November in Corona Music Fest. In late 2007, Tavo participated in the song "Chinga los Racistas" of the Mexican hip-hop group Cartel de Santa and was a special guest on the third album of Argentinian rapcore band Timmy O' Tool.
Cristian Machado, vocalist of Ill Niño, said: "One of my biggest influences are the two Resorte's vocalists, who are like the Mexican Rage Against the Machine".
In 2009, Resorte were chosen as the opening act for Metallica shows in Mexico City at the Foro Sol and for Avenged Sevenfold in the World Magnetic Tour '09.
Discography.
Albums.
Playlist of Rebota (f=k x)

</doc>
<doc id="18710037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710037" title="Iraj Weeraratne">
Iraj Weeraratne

Iraj Weeraratne (Sinhala : ඉරාජ් වීරරත්න, Tamil : இராஜ் வீரரட்ன) (born February 21, 1981) is a Sinhalese R&B and hip hop artist and music producer who raised the international profile of Sinhalese RnB/pop. After a long break from his music career, he returned in 2013 and released the song "Daahs through to Asian high ]</ref> 
Copyright lawsuit.
On February 2013, the Colombo Commercial High Court today issued summons to vocalist Iraj Weeraratne for allegedly violating the copyrights of the song ‘Mata Aloke Genadevi’ owned by film producer, director, and lyricist the late Herbert M. Seneviratne.

</doc>
<doc id="18710038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710038" title="Nevins Memorial Library">
Nevins Memorial Library

The Nevins Memorial Library at 305 Broadway in Methuen, Massachusetts was built in 1883 to honor David Nevins, Sr. as a memorial gift from his wife Eliza Nevins (née Eliza Cotton), his elder son David Nevins, Jr., and his younger son Henry Cotton Nevins. The library is located at 305 Broadway in Methuen and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
The Nevins Memorial Library offers resources including free Wi-Fi internet access, book clubs, an outreach program to deliver books and media for homebound individuals, and so on. The library is also the custodian of the Nevins Memorial Library Historic Collection, much of which is in storage and for which viewing appointments should be made. The collection includes manuscripts and printed materials, genealogical resources, vital records, assorted "objet d'art" and collectables, and the stained glass windows of the library itself.

</doc>
<doc id="18710045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710045" title="Armstrong Laboratory">
Armstrong Laboratory

Armstrong Laboratory was a research and development organization operated by the United States Air Force Materiel Command. In 1997, the Laboratory was merged into the Air Force Research Laboratory.
The Laboratory was named after Gen Harry G. Armstrong, known as "the father of space medicine."

</doc>
<doc id="18710046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710046" title="Gennady Stolyarov">
Gennady Stolyarov

Gennady Stolyarov (born August 20, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League.
Stolyarov was a late round selection by the Detroit Red Wings in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft. The young forward was a break-out young player during the 2006-2007 season, delivering a strong performance and show in the Russian Super League with HC Dynamo Moscow. He also spent the 2007-08 season with one and only HC Dynamo.

</doc>
<doc id="18710076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710076" title="Basser Library">
Basser Library

The Basser Library is the library of the Australian Academy of Science, established in 1960 following the donation of £25,000 ($50,000), by philanthropist Sir Adolph Basser (1887–1965). The Library collects published and unpublished material documenting the history of science in Australia, with a particular emphasis on collecting biographical material about prominent scientists, and promotes related historical research.
Collections.
Manuscript collection.
The manuscript collection contains 219 sets of papers, ranging from singular letters through to extensive papers covering many shelf meters. Prominent individual scientists represented in the collection include Sir David Rivett, Sir Ian Wark and Dr Lloyd Rees, academics such as Professor Frank Fenner, Sir Neil Hamilton Fairley and Sir Ernest Titterton and more than 60 other Fellows of the Academy. A number of scientific societies records are also held, including the Australian Institute of Physics and the Geological Society of Australia.
Books and journals.
The collection holds some notable holdings including back sets of Australian scientific periodicals produced by the early colonial Royal Societies and the other voluntary scientific associations that flourished in Australia in the 19th century, such as the Linnean Society of New South Wales.
Moran Award for History of Science Research.
Each year the Library offers an award of $2,500 to encourage use of the collections by postgraduate students and other independent researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="18710079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710079" title="List of KoreAm Journal front covers">
List of KoreAm Journal front covers

This is a list of covers associated with KoreAm Journal. KoreAm Journal is a monthly magazine that highlights the news, stories and issues of Korean Americans that is written entirely in English. KoreAm Journal has featured Korean Americans such as Margaret Cho, John Cho and Grace Park. In addition, KoreAm has covered Korean American Topics such as the Virginia Tech massacre, Korean Americans affected by Hurricane Katrina and Korean American single mothers

</doc>
<doc id="18710082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710082" title="The Bridal Party">
The Bridal Party

The Bridal Party is a short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald featured in the Saturday Evening Post on August 9, 1930. Based on Ludlow Fowler’s brother’s, Powell Fowler, May 1930 Paris wedding, it is Fitzgerald’s first story dealing with the stock market crash, and celebrates the end of the period when wealthy Americans colonized Paris.1
Summary.
The story begins in Normandy, sometime around May. The main character, Mike Curly, is introduced, along with the news that his ex-girlfriend, Caroline Dandy, whom he dated for two years, is engaged and will be getting married in Paris. It explains that the two broke up because of Michael’s lack of money. He was devastated and could not let go, evident by his insecurity and the fact that he carried around photographs of her. He also stayed away from other girls, that she would do the same with men. One day outside of a shop, he encounters Caroline and her fiancé, Hamilton Rutherford. Rutherford invites Michael to a string of events, including his bachelor dinner, a party and tea. As they talk, his feelings for her resurge. As they parted ways, Michael feels he will never be happy again. At his hotel, the concierge delivers a telegram, which states that his grandfather died, and that he would be inheriting a quarter of a million dollars. Because of his newly found fortune he seemingly out of nowhere inherited a sum of confidence,so he decides he will try to win Caroline back.
When he attends one of the parties, he meets Hamilton’s father, and as more people arrive, he feels increasingly inadequate. When he finds Caroline, he is reluctant to tell her about his inheritance. They eventually dance together, and she explains how she is over him and that he should do the same. She says she feels sorry for him, and that she needs someone like Hamilton to make all the decisions. Gathering enough nerve, Michael writes to Hamilton to confront him about his intentions and asks him to meet in the bar of a hotel. Michael arrives and overhears Hamilton talking to another man about how easy it is to control a woman, and that you cannot stand for any nonsense—adding, there are hardly any men who possess their wives anymore and that he is going to be one of them. Michael becomes outraged and questions his out of date attitude. Hamilton strikes back, saying that Michael is too soft. Eventually Hamilton says goodbye and leaves.
Michael rolls up at the next party with spicy, legit clothes. A woman, Marjorie Collins, shows up and demands to speak to Hamilton, threatening to cause a scene. Michael avoids the drama and goes to see Caroline at her hotel. They argue about how Hamilton treats her, and Michael eventually confesses his love for her. He tries to explain to her he has money now and that his love for her is true and how he can't survive without her. Caroline does not seem to care and she notices he has new, expensive clothes. At this point, Michael tells her about his inheritance. "I have the money, my grandfather left me about a quarter of a million dollars." quoted from Micheal. "How perfectly well! I can't tell you how glad i am... you were always a person who ought to have money." quoted from Caroline. 
Hamilton returns from the party and explains that the woman who tried to blackmail him gave him a secret code to a telegram. As he opens a telegram, he discovers that all of his fortunes are gone, because he had stuck with a mistake for too long. At the point when Caroline could decide to stay with Hamilton, or leave him for a newly rich Michael, she surprisingly chooses Hamilton. Michael attends the ceremony, and he learns from an acquaintance, George Packman, that a man had offered Hamilton a substantial salaried job right before the wedding. As the reception carries on, Michael realizes that he has not thought of Caroline for hours, and that he was cured from his inability to move on. He is no longer bitter, and the story concludes with him wondering which bridesmaid he should have a scrabble match with that night.
Historical Parts.
The Jazz Age represented a break with tradition, due to the feeling of disconnect created by modernity. It was the “decade of prosperity, excess and abandon, which began after the end of World War I and ended with the 1929 stock market crash.”2 Fitzgerald was included in the Lost Generation, a group of U.S. writers who grew up during the war and created their literary reputations in the 1920s. They were “lost” because in the postwar world, the values that were passed on to them seemed irrelevant. They possessed a spiritual alienation from a country that appeared to be “provincial, materialistic and emotionally barren.”3 As James L. West, Penn State Fitzgerald scholar, said, “He saw with considerable accuracy, the excesses and gaudiness of American society in the modern era—but he saw the great willingness of the heart that’s also deeply American.”4
Criticism.
One life event relatable to "The Bridal Party" occurred when his then-fiancée, Zelda Sayre, broke off their engagement because of Fitzgerald’s poor economic status.6 After his novel This Side of Paradise was published, it provided him with almost instant success, and a week later he married Zelda. Around 1930, he was drinking “heavily, when Powell Fowler was married in Paris—there was a round of parties from which he never sobered up.”7 Like his life at that time, The Bridal Party focuses on themes such as the Great Depression, and whether one should marry for love or money. Although this was one of the earliest examples of biographical correlations found in Fitzgerald’s work, his novels "This Side of Paradise", "Tender is the night", and many others contain more similarities to his life—particularly the tumultuous relationship he had with his schizophrenic wife Zelda.
Growing up during the Great Depression and between world wars, Fitzgerald provides a romantic and economic parallel in "The Bridal Party". Michael Curly’s statement, “I don’t want to live—I used to dream about our home, our children,” accurately reflects the mindset of American people during and after the Stock Market crash of 1929.17 For those who lost their homes, life savings and notions of the American dream, it was hard to find a way out of their predicament. The turning point for the protagonist in this story can be seen as the sunlit door from which his newlywed ex-girlfriend exits, “forward to the future.”18
"The Bridal Party" is Fitzgerald’s first story that touches on the dramatic effects of such a devastating event as the stock market crash. Though other themes are evident throughout the story, such as the effects of wealth on society, and excessive parties set in the roaring twenties, the relationship between Mr. Curly and his ex, Caroline can easily be compared to the stock market crash. The news of her engagement delivers a sudden grim reality to Michael, much like the Great Depression itself. It is assumed that Michael and his ex-girlfriend had a great relationship before their separation, but the reader finds that he “lost her slowly, tragically, uselessly, because he had no money.”19 This must have been how stock traders on Wall Street felt as they watched the value of stocks decline and tried to sell them in a panic on Black Thursday, October 24, 1929.20 When he discovers that she is going to marry another, richer, man he pessimistically thought, “I will never be happy at all any more.”21 It is obvious that he is overreacting to horrible news and did not know what to think about the situation. Even Michael’s view of Caroline’s appearance as “strained and tired—shadows under her eyes” is reminiscent of Dorothea Lange’s documentary photographs from the Great Depression.22 Her subjects, like those seen in Migrant Mother, are abandoned and desperate with little hope in their faces. Caroline later says that she feels sorry for the way they were, but she was over him, and he should move on as well.23 His depression was intensified by feelings of inadequacy, due to a lack of money. Seeing his ex with another man only made his misery worse. His situation is similar to that of Americans during that time because neither had experienced such widespread economic failure.24
As pompous and misogynistic as her fiancé was, he rightfully says, “your affair was founded on sorrow, it seems to me that a marriage ought to be based on hope.”25 Perhaps the same hope that people needed during the thirties to recover from the Great Depression. Luckily, Franklin D. Roosevelt’s plans for a New Deal and the economic resurgence provided from World War II pulled the country out of its rut. After Michael “floats in an abyss of helplessness”, he finally gains the ability to let go. A simple change in his attitude causes the “bitterness to melt out of him,” and he is finally able to move on.26 Though Michael is initially heartbroken, his “New Deal” is finding inner peace by realizing how happy the two are and that he would not be able to have a good future by dwelling on the negative past. While this story possesses significant ties to the stock market crash and Great Depression, it is relevant today because of the current concerns about recession.
Notes.
1Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Bridal Party.” . (New York: Scribner. 1989), 561.<br>
2 “F. Scott Fitzgerald Criticism.” http://www.enotes.com/short-story-criticism/fitzgerald-f-scott (accessed July 24, 2008).<br>
3 “Lost Generation.” Encyclopædia Britannica, 2008.<br>
4Blackwell, Jon. “1920: Fitzgerald’s Own ‘Paradise’.” http://www.capitalcentury.com/1920.html (accessed July 26, 2008).<br>
5Derrick, Scott. “Review of John Chambers.” American Literature. Vol. 63. No.2, June, 1991, Duke University Press. http://www.jstor.org/stable/2927185 (accessed July 25, 2008).<br>
6“A Brief Life of Fitzgerald.” http://www.sc.edu/fitzgerald/biography.html (accessed July 23, 2008).<br>
7Larson, Thomas. “F. Scott Fitzgerald’s Babylon Revisited: A Long Expostulation and Explanation.” http://freepages.history.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~tdlarson/fsf/babylon/chap_1.htm (accessed July 24, 2008).<br>
8“Fitzgerald Chronology.” http://www.zeldafitzgerald.com/chronology/chronology.asp (accessed July 25, 2008).<br>
9“A Fitzgerald Chronology.” http://www.sc.edu/fitzgerald/chronology.html (accessed July 23, 2008).<br>
10“Fitzgerald Chronology.” http://www.zeldafitzgerald.com/chronology/chronology.asp.<br>
11Kennedy, X.J. and Dana Gioia. Literature: An Introduction to Fiction, Poetry, Drama and Writing. (Pearson Longman, 2007),1054.<br>
12Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Bridal Party.” 568.<br>
13Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.” The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald: A New Collection. (New York: Scribner. 1989), 159.<br>
14“Age.” http://www.twainquotes.com/Age.html (accessed July 16, 2008).
15Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.” 174.<br>
16Ibid, 159.<br>
17Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Bridal Party.” 571.<br>
18Ibid, 573.<br>
19Ibid, 561.<br>
20 “Great Depression.” Encyclopædia Britannica, 2008.<br>
23Ibid, 566.<br>
24“Great Depression.” Encyclopædia Britannica, 2008.<br>
25Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. “The Bridal Party.” 568.<br>
Additional References.
Bruccoli, Matthew Joseph. "Some Sort of Epic Grandeur: The Life of F. Scott Fitzgerald". 2nd Rev. Ed. South Carolina: University of South Carolina Press. 2002.
Milford, Nancy. "Zelda: A Biography". New York: Harper and Row. 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="18710130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710130" title="Northland Conference (IHSAA)">
Northland Conference (IHSAA)

The Northland Conference was an IHSAA-sanctioned conference in Northern Indiana. The conference formed in 1998 with six schools, and disbanded in 2008, after two schools left to join the Greater South Shore Conference.
History.
The conference formed in 1998, when Westville left the Porter County Conference to join with four independents: Argos, Michigan City Marquette, Oregon-Davis and South Central (Union Mills), and River Forest, which previously competed in the defunct Northwest Hoosier Conference. South Central left for the Porter County Conference after the 2002-03 school year, and was replaced for the 2004-05 season by Elkhart Christian. The conference shrank to four members when Marquette and River Forest left to co-found the Greater South Shore Conference after the 2006-07 school year. Unable to find suitable replacements, the remaining schools decided to disband the conference after the 2007-08 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="18710147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710147" title="Horton Williams">
Horton Williams

The Honourable Horton Clement Williams QC (born 21 April 1933) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of South Australia.
Early life.
Williams was born in Sydney, Australia and attended Newington College (1947-1950). In 1950 his family moved to South Australia and he enrolled at the University of Adelaide and graduated in law.
Legal career.
Williams was a Judge's Associate from 1954 until 1956 and was admitted to the South Australian Bar in 1955. From 1956 until 1977 he was in private practice. He was appointed Queen's Counsel in 1974. 
In 1995, he was appointed as the inaugural presiding member of South Australia's Gaming Supervisory Authority, the supervising regulator for the Adelaide Casino and licensed gaming machine premises, effective 1 July 1995. Williams resigned this position on 31 August 1995 to accept appointment as a Justice of the State's Supreme Court.
Other legal positions held included chairman of the Judicial Conference of Australia, vice-president of the Australian Bar Association and president of the South Australian Bar Association .
Community involvement.
Williams was Commodore of the Royal South Australian Yacht Squadron from 1991 until 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="18710172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710172" title="Adolphia californica">
Adolphia californica

Adolphia californica is a species of flowering shrub in the buckthorn family known by the common names California prickbush and spineshrub. It is native to Baja California and California no farther north than San Diego County. It is a resident of the local chaparral and coastal sage scrub plant communities. This is a branching shrub not exceeding a meter in height with thick hairless to fuzzy dark green twigs. The stiff twigs bear sharp thorns. The very sparse leaves are each less than a centimeter long and oval-shaped with a pointed or rounded tip. The shrub blooms abundantly in clusters of flowers along all the branches. Each flower is a star-shaped bowl of five pointed cream-colored sepals. Between the sepals are five tiny spoon-shaped cream-colored petals. The fruit is a spherical capsule about half a centimeter across.

</doc>
<doc id="18710187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710187" title="Putnam County Courthouse (New York)">
Putnam County Courthouse (New York)

New York's historic Putnam County Courthouse is located on Gleneida Avenue (NY 52) across from the eastern terminus of NY 301 in downtown Carmel, the county seat, overlooking Lake Gleneida. First built in 1814, two years after the county itself was established, it is the second-oldest county courthouse still in use in the state after Fulton County's.
In 1847 it was renovated extensively. At that time the Classical Revival portico and columns were added. Architect James Townsend used commercially available (although inexact) copies of the Corinthian capitals from the Monument of Lysicrates in Athens. For this and its historic importance in the county's history it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Building.
The courthouse is a two-story, 5-by-8-bay rectangular gable-roofed frame building, with clapboard siding on the north and south sides and horizontal planks on its west (front) facade. The pedimented gable is supported by the four Corinthian columns, behind which is the main entrance, with molded classical detail. Similar ornamentation can be found on the window lintels. The two front corners have large pilasters; the original stone plinth blocks have been replaced with concrete copies and the astragals taken down to help prevent dry rot in the columns.
The stone walls of the original county jail are still visible on the south side. A two-bay east wing, added later, extends from the rear. A cupola is atop the roof. 
History.
After the New York state legislature divided Putnam County from Dutchess to its north in 1812, it required the creation of two courts. Trials were held in Carmel's Baptist meeting house until a courthouse could be built. After three months, one state legislator who had voted for Putnam County's creation, Robert Weeks, sold it a one-half acre (2,000 m²) lot in the middle of Carmel. 
A local builder and iron miner, James Townsend, was hired for the job. He finished it two years later for just under $4,000, using some of his locally mined ironwork, which still remains in the jail section. It opened for court on February 15, 1815. 
The county grew, and by the 1840s the original courthouse could not handle its workload. Officials initially decided to build a second one in Cold Spring, at the other end of the road that became Route 301, on the Hudson River where much of the county's population was. But a deed restriction in the original land acquisition forbade the county from building its courthouse anywhere but the original land, and so the existing courthouse was renovated and expanded into today's structure. The Corinthian column capitals, popular in pattern books of the time, were likely carved in New York City and shipped to Carmel, as they were for many other buildings in the lower and mid-Hudson where similar capitals have been found.
In 1855 another jail wing was built to replace the one on the northeast corner. The county sheriff began living in the building at this time, and it became a tradition for his wife to cook food for the jail inmates. Another jail wing was built in 1907.
A fire in 1924 destroyed most of the upper story, but it was rebuilt to its original appearance. Repairs could do nothing about the building's age, however, and by the later 20th century some degradation was becoming apparent. The sheriffs and their wives moved out in 1966, and eleven years later the jail itself was closed. In December 1988, it was closed for repairs, ending 174 years of continuous use.
The repairs took six years, longer than expected, due to many problems encountered during the process. Since it reopened in 1994, it has been home to two of the county's judges and their chambers. The old jail cells have been used mainly as storage space. A newer, more modern court facility was built behind the Putnam County Office Building and opened January 2, 2008.
Although the new County Courthouse opened in 2008, the Historic Courthouse is still used for the Surrogates Court and the main courtroom is also used as the legislative chambers of the Putnam County Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="18710193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710193" title="Luis Cluzeau Mortet">
Luis Cluzeau Mortet

Luis Cluzeau Mortet (November 16, 1888 – 28 September 1957) was a Uruguayan composer and musician.
Life.
Cluzeau Mortet, along with Alfonso Broqua, Eduardo Fabini and Vicente Ascone, a representative of the nationalist tendency that emerged in Uruguayan music in the 1910s and 20s. 
He played First Violin for OSSODRE (SODRE Symphony Orchestra) from 1931 until 1946 but had to step down due to a hearing afflication. 
As a composer, his most recognized work was for piano, song and piano and symphonic music.
He wrote for the symphony orchestra several pieces of music, including, "Rancherío", "Poema Nativo", "Llanuras", "Soledad Campestre", "La Siesta", "Preludio y Danza" and "Sinfonía Artigas". 
He also wrote "El Quinielero" and "Gimiendo", two famous tangos recorded by Carlos Gardel.
His masterpiece was "Carreta Quemada", done in 1916. 
He was a high school teacher and also named Honorary Choir Director for the National Institute for the Blind.

</doc>
<doc id="18710213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710213" title="Stephen Kalong Ningkan">
Stephen Kalong Ningkan

Tan Sri Datuk Amar Stephen Kalong Ningkan (1920–1997) was the first Chief Minister of Sarawak (1963–1966). As the executive of a newly independent state which helped to form Malaysia, Ningkan faced many challenges from within the state and from Sarawak's neighbour, Indonesia.
Personal life and education.
Ningkan was born on 20 August 1920 in Betong, Sarawak which was then administered under the Second Division of Simanggang. He was a student of St Augustine’s school. 
Kalong Ningkan was of mixed Iban and Chinese parentage and his Chinese name was Mok Teck Boon. Ningkan grandfather, Mok Bak Seng was born in Namhoi, Kwangtung Province, China in 1870. At 6 years old, he took Ningkan to China for several years so that Ningkan could learn the culture and the way of life there. However, his grandfather died on 20 October 1963, a few months after Ningkan took the office as chief minister. 
Ningkan's mother, Kuni Karong, died of stomach complications on 14 June 1969.
Hobbies and interests.
Ningkan learnt the Japanese language during the Japanese Occupation in Sarawak. The Japanese song,‘Kuni No Hana’ (Flower Of The Nation) was one of his favourites. He was also spotted for singing Terang Bulan in various government and family functions. Ningkan was a fan of P. Ramlee and 'Sgt Hassan' was one of his favourite movies.
Early career.
After he completed his education, he worked as a Rubber Fund clerk from 1938 to 1939. He resigned his job to join the Sarawak Constabulary from 1940 to 1946. He was the Police Constable in the year 1942. In 1944, he joined Service Reconnaissance Department, an underground movement based in Jesselton (now Kota Kinabalu). He became a teacher in his former school in Betong from 1947 to 1950.
He then worked at a Shell Company hospital in Kuala Belait, Brunei for several years. He also took up law via correspondence from Regent Institute and Metropolitan College at St Albans, London respectively. At the hospital, he was the chairman of the Shell Dayak Club. 
He became the Founder and President of the Sarawak Dayak Association from 1958 to 1960.
Political career.
He returned to Betong and established the Sarawak National Party (SNAP) on 10 April 1961. Although he initially did not accept Tunku Abdul Rahman’s proposal on the formation of Malaysia, he eventually became a strong supporter of the federation. Ningkan never completed his law degree because he had to focus on his political activities and his post as the first chief minister of Sarawak. He also insisted that his party should be multiracial, given his background of having a Chinese grandfather and friends of various races. In the 1962 election, SNAP won many seats, earning him the trust to become the first Sarawak Chief Minister. In October 1962, Ningkan played an important role in forming Sarawak chapter of Alliance Party and served as its Secretary-General.
Appointment as Chief Minister.
Stephen Kalong Ningkan was appointed as the first chief minister of Sarawak on 21 July 1963 by the then Governor, Sir Alexander Waddell. Ningkan had a strong anticommunist stand during his tenure as chief minister. He also opposed the National Language and Education policy.
1966 Sarawak constitutional crisis.
Stephen Kalong Ningkan tried to initiate a land reform law that allowed the natives to acquire full title of Native Customary Land. However, with the alleged backing of the federal government, the Sarawak state assemblymen started to pass a motion of no confidence against him. The then prime minister of Malaysia, Tunku Abdul Rahman pushed for Ningkan resignation.
On 16 June 1966, Ningkan was ousted when the state Governor showed him a letter of no confidence issued by 21 out of 42 legislators and asked Ningkan to resign as Chief Minister. Ningkan refused, saying the letters were not tantamount to a vote of no confidence in the Council Negri (now Sarawak State Legislative Assembly). He was sacked by the governor but eventually reinstated by the Borneo High Court on 7 September 1966, which saw the necessity of a formal vote of no confidence.In his judgement, Justice Harley ruled that the Governor can only dismiss the Chief Minister when both these conditions are satisfied:
(a) The Chief Minister has lost the confidence of the House, and
(b) The Chief Minister has refused to resign and failed to advise a dissolution.
Ningkan tried to initiate a dissolution of Council Negri upon his reinstatement of chief minister in order to seek a fresh mandate from the voters; but the Malaysian government decided to impose a state of emergency in Sarawak, citing chaos in the state. The Malaysian government also amended the Sarawak Constitution in order to give the power to the Sarawak governor to commence the Council Negri meeting. A vote of non-confidence was passed on 23 September 1966, and this has resulted in the removal of Ningkan from the chief minister office for the second time.
Death.
Ningkan died peacefully aged 76 on March 31, 1997 in Normah Specialist Medical Centre, Kuching. His funeral was held at St Thomas Cathedral and was buried at Anglican Cemetery at Jalan Batu Kitang. The lyrics of Terang Bulan was engraved at the back of his tombstone.

</doc>
<doc id="18710214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710214" title="Legend of Dinosaurs &amp; Monster Birds">
Legend of Dinosaurs &amp; Monster Birds

Plot.
The year is 1977. A woman wanders barefoot in the lush Aokigahara (青木ヶ原), also known as the Sea of Trees (樹海 Jukai) region of Mt. Fuji, and suddenly falls into an underground cavern. When she comes to her senses, she discovers that she is in an icy cave full of large eggs. To her horror, one of the eggs begins hatching, revealing a large yellow eye within. She goes into hysterics, runs for her life, and is eventually discovered by a construction crew. Though she goes into a coma, the girl apparently managed to babble about what she saw to a reporter.
Her story airs on a televised news report that is seen by Takashi Ashizawa, an employee of the Universal Stone Company. Upon hearing of the report of a fossilized egg, Takashi skips his plane trip to Mexico and heads to his office. He packs his gear, leaves his boss in the lurch, and heads off to Mt. Fuji to get a look-see at the fossilized dinosaur egg. When he arrives at the small village bordering Fuji's Saiko Lake, Takashi immediately heads into the heavily forested Jukai. A sudden earthquake appears and is knocked out. He later awakens in his father's old cabin near Saiko Lake, and discovers that he was rescued by Shohei Muku, an old friend of the family.
As the two converse, we learn that Takashi is intent on discovering, and making a profit from, any and all fossils he finds. Shohei isn't too big on that idea and refuses to help Takashi seek out the motherload of stone eggs. (Essentially, Shohei believes that looking for fossils to make a profit is inherently wrong, and he wants no part of it.) Takashi decides to get back to fossil-hunting and heads toward the Jukai once again. As he's cruising through the nearby village, he sees Akiko and Junko, and slams on his brakes. Moments later, he's having a tender moment with Akiko in her Winnebago and it seems like Mr. Ashizawa is about to get a little action. The mood is quickly ruined however, by a randomly placed box full of slimy eels.
Other bizarre things start happening around the Saiko Lake community. A young couple in a paddle boat disappear without a trace, an injured diver is pulled from the lake, and livestock begin to mysteriously vanish. Takashi begins developing a theory that perhaps a dinosaur is alive and well in Saiko lake. His theory gains a little more momentum after he rescues Junko on a foggy afternoon. While chasing her dog Kuma down a dirt road, ends up taking a dip in a big puddle of blood with a headless horse-corpse lying nearby.
She begins to scream for help and wouldn't you know it, Takashi just happened to be in the neighborhood. He brings Junko back to Akiko's RV, and waits with the two girls until nightfall. Eventually two local schmucks happen by and tell the confused trio that they must have imagined the headless horse. Takashi is baffled by this and decides to go see for himself. He finds the exact spot and begins probing around with a flashlight. Takashi doesn't see the horse anywhere, but he does discover some strange tracks in the mud and photographs them. His photo shoot is instantly interrupted after some blood drips onto the back of his neck. He quickly points his flashlight up and is shocked to see that the headless horse's remains are lodged in the branches above.
The following day, Takashi sits in his father's cabin and develops a possible theory as to what type of creature could bite off a horse's head, and then place the equine's remains in a tree for safe-keeping. He decides that the creature must be a living Plesiosaurus and shares his minimal proof and hypothesis with a very skeptical Shohei. In the meantime, the annual Dragon Festival is being held at Saiko Lake with the highlight being a country folk band performing on a floating stage. As the band strikes up a cheerful tune, the crowd begins clapping along. Everyone is so preoccupied with the band, that they all fail to notice the huge shadow moving beneath the water towards the stage.
The Plesiosaurus rams the stage, causing it to break apart, and several band members tumble into the water. The confusion gets the attention of Takashi and Shohei, so they hightail it to the Dragon Festival to see what all the hoopla is about. Its right at this time that Jiro and his buddies make their move. Jiro hops into a boat and points to the center of the lake, exclaiming that a monster is heading towards shore. Everyone begins to panic and rush back to dry land, except for Akiko and Junko. They hop into a small boat and begin photographing the lopsided fin that is slowly moving through the water. Using her zoom lens, Akiko discovers that two men are pushing the fin through the water.
Once the crowd realizes that the fin is just a lousy stunt, they all get back into clapping mode. Seeing that his prank has failed, Jiro rushes off to meet his two pals, Susumu and Hiroshi. He arrives at the rendezvous spot in time to see his two buddies swimming to shore with the fake fin. They take a short break, ditch the fake fin, then hop into a small raft and paddle towards Jiro. Susumu and Hiroshi make it about halfway before they are large tail rises out of the water and knocks them out of the raft, and both men are pulled underwater. A horrified Jiro watches, from the relative safety of dry land, as a dinosaurian head rises from the crimson water with one of his pals sticking out of its jaws.
Jiro rushes into town, charges into the mayor's office, and begins rambling about what he just saw. Everyone thinks he is making it up and they all try to ignore him and/or chase him off. Luckily for Jiro, a foreign news correspondent named Harold Tucker shows up. Mr. Tucker has photographed the monster in Saiko Lake, and assures the mayor that "Nessie is in Lake Sai! This is super big news!"
Elsewhere in the Saiko Lake area, the Plesiosaur heads to a summer camp. The creature peeks in on a woman getting dressed, then smashes its face through the roof to snack on her. Then the Plesiosaurus manages to get back into the lake, in time to feast upon Junko. As the plesiosaur actually seems to be toying with its victim. It plucks her off her raft and dangles her over the water before releasing her. After Junko plummets into the lake, she tries to swim to safety, but she soon finds that there is no escape from her prehistoric attacker.
Akoko comes back up on the raft but she is at first perplexed as to why Junko is missing, but she soon has a good laugh when she sees a hand grasping for aid at the far end of the raft. Thinking that Junko merely fell in, Akiko grabs her friend's hand, and with a great heave, slings the Junko's upper torso into the rubber craft. Junko's death finally gets the ball rolling, and soon a local chapter of the JSDF is combing Saiko Lake with the latest sonar and radar technology. The search continues for three days, and surprisingly, no dinosaur is discovered. The search is called off, and a conference is held.
It is at this conference, we also learn that Takashi's dad, Bunkichi, had a theory that if dinosaurs were ever to walk the earth again, that would mean a cataclysmic event was about to occur. To prove this point, a scientist that monitors earthquakes in the region claims that something very big is on the horizon: the eruption of Mt. Fuji! The following day, Takashi decides to go looking for the Plesiosaur. To make sure Akiko doesn't follow, he attempts to empty the air out of her scuba tanks.
When Akiko tries to stop Takashi, he slaps her around a bit, then makes a strange confession. He is not seeking out the dinosaur for money, or to finally prove his father's crazy theories, but to see it and "burn the memory into his mind forever." Apparently this is a good enough reason to risk his life, so Akiko sees Takashi off on his scuba run with no further complaints. But wouldn't you know it, the local officials have decided to drop depth charges into the lake to see if they can scare the lake's unwelcome denizen up to the surface. Akiko rushes back to her RV and puts on her scuba gear, then heads back to the lake in time to save her shell shocked lover. But instead of heading back to the safety of shore, the adventurous duo continue the search for the Plesiosaurus.
They eventually discover an underwater cavern and decide to venture inside after a disembodied head floats by. Takashi and Akiko swim on through and find that the cave leads to the egg chamber from the beginning of the film. While this would seem like the find of a lifetime, Takashi's excitement is marred by the discovery of Shohei Muku's mutilated remains. And how did Shohei meet such a messy end? Well an unnamed gentleman with a random theory that a Rhamphorhyncus could also come out of suspended animation, hired Shohei as a guide. They ventured into the cave, and were quickly mauled by a gigantic claw that burst out of an egg. 
The winged terror descends from the skies above Saiko Lake and dive-bombs civil defense soldiers and helpless civilians that are crowded around a large stockpile of depth charges. The Rhamphorhyncus causes a bit of collateral damage before being shot at by the panic-stricken soldiers below. The assault on the scurrying humans ends after one unlucky soldier fires his weapon into a depth charge. The resulting explosion causes a chain reaction and everyone around the explosive barrels is reduced to ash.
The Rhamphorhyncus flies off in search for more prey. Elsewhere on Mt. Fuji, Takashi and Akiko have exited the accursed ice cavern and run into the Plesiosaur. They retreat back into the cave and put a row of stalactites between themselves and the drooling maw of the Plesiosaurus. All seems lost until a strange sound outside of the cave distracts the hungry Plesiosaur. As the long-necked beast pulls its head out of the cave entrance, Akiko and Takashi attempt to escape, only to find themselves trapped between two warring monsters. Just then, Mt Fuji begins to erupt. As the Monsters battle, they are thrown into a chasm where they apparently die. The movie ends with Takashi reaching out for Akiko's hand while she's hanging on to a tree during the lava flow.
Trivia.
Despite its title, neither of the creatures in this film are actually classified as dinosaurs. The Plesiosaur is actually classified as a marine reptile, while the rhamphornycus is classified as a Pterosaur (flying reptile).
At the time of its release, this film itself was the most expensive feature ever produced by Toei.

</doc>
<doc id="18710239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710239" title="The Cadiz Record">
The Cadiz Record

The Cadiz Record is a weekly newspaper (published on Wednesdays) in Cadiz, Kentucky (Trigg County). It has less than 5,000 subscribers. 
History.
It started publishing December 31, 1880 as the "Kentucky Telephone". By 1899, the paper had a circulation of 1,375 copies. 
In 1898, the newspaper was purchased by Henry R. Lawrence in partnership with George H. Pike. Later that year, there was a fire at the building. After purchasing new printing equipment, the name of the newspaper was changed to the "Cadiz Record".
Under the direction of Lawrence, the newspaper was a democratic publication. For example, he used it as a platform to fight for justice in the Black Patch Tobacco Wars.

</doc>
<doc id="18710241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710241" title="Cliff McCrath">
Cliff McCrath

Cliff McCrath (born February 3, 1936 in Detroit, Michigan) is a retired American soccer player and coach. His greatest fame came as coach of Seattle Pacific University where he led the team to five NCAA Division II championships. He was the 1978 NSCAA Coach of the Year and retired ranked second on the all time collegiate coaching wins list with 597 wins.
McCrath grew up in Michigan as an avid hockey fan. He had originally intended to attend Michigan State to play hockey, but attendance at a revival changed his mind and he entered Wheaton College in 1954. That year, he saw soccer played for the first time. Intrigued, he tried out for the team his sophomore year. Despite his late introduction to the game, he quickly rose to the top of the collegiate ranks when he was named an Honorable Mention (third team) All American in 1957. He graduated in the spring of 1958 and remained at Wheaton that fall to coach the team. McCrath was inducted into the Wheaton College Athletic Hall of Fame in 1979. In 1960, Gordon College in Wenham, Massachusetts hired McCrath. Over seven seasons, he took the NAIA Fighting Scots to a 52-26-2 record, four post season tournaments and the 1966 NAIA semifinals. That year, he graduated with an MDiv from the Gordon Divinity School. In 1967, he moved to Spring Arbor College where he inherited a mediocre team. In his first season, he went 4-4-0, but quickly improved as the Cougars went to the NAIA post season in 1968 and 1969. In 1969 he again took his team to the semifinals. This brought him to the attention of David McKenna, president of Seattle Pacific University, a sister school to Spring Arbor. McKenna was looking to upgrade the SPU soccer program and consequently hired McCrath. McCrath’s team again had a poor first season, going 0-7-3. However, the next year, he took the Falcons to a 7-3-4 record and the regional post-season tournament. He improved in 1972 as the Falcons made it into the NCAA post-seasons tournament. At the time, an investment group began laying the foundation for the establishment of a North American Soccer League franchise in Seattle, eventually to be known as the Seattle Sounders. They approached McCrath about coaching the team, but he declined. Instead, he worked with the team ownership to hire John Best as the team’s first coach. McCrath then did much of the early work scouting players and assembling a roster. Once the team began playing in 1974, he worked as a color commentator for local broadcasts of Sounders’ games. He did not slight his collegiate coaching duties and took Seattle Pacific to the NCAA Division II championship game in 1974, 1975 and 1977. Each time, the team finished as runner-up. In 1978, the Falcons finally took the title and McCrath was named the National Coach of the Year. The Falcons won the championship again in 1983, 1985, 1986 and 1993 and finished as runner-up in 1984 and 1990. In 2007, the Falcons finished 7-6-7. This disappointing result led to his dismissal as coach at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="18710272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710272" title="Oopoochawa">
Oopoochawa

Oopoochawa or Opochawa, also known as quisanche (Montevideo, Uruguay) is a type of mbira or lamellaphone from South America.

</doc>
<doc id="18710278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710278" title="Tzini (song)">
Tzini (song)

"Tzini (Radio Mix)" is a single released by Greek singer Katy Garbi. The song was released to radios in July 2008, before its release as a digital download on August 11, 2008. It serves as Garbi's second track to be released as a digital download after her 2006 duet "Isovios Desmos" from the album "Pos Allazei O Kairos", which was also the first Greek song to be released in such a way.

</doc>
<doc id="18710286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710286" title="Puppy Games">
Puppy Games

Puppy Games is an independent games studio based in the UK. They describe their game style as "neo-retro arcade games".
Puppy Games was founded in 2002 by Caspian Prince and Chaz Willets as a part-time project, before becoming full-time in 2010 with the release of "Revenge of the Titans". Justin "Allicorn" Burt joined the company in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18710311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710311" title="Fryer">
Fryer

A fryer is a container for frying food.
Fryer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18710368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710368" title="Judy Malloy">
Judy Malloy

Judy Malloy is a poet whose works embrace the intersection of hypernarrative, magic realism, and information art. Beginning with "Uncle Roger" in 1986, Malloy has composed works in both new media literature and hypertext fiction. She was an early creator of online interactive and collaborative fiction on The WELL and Arts Wire.
Malloy has served as editor and leader for books and web projects. Her literary works have been exhibited worldwide.
Biography.
Born as Judith Ann Powers in Boston a month after Pearl Harbor, Malloy was raised in Massachusetts. Her mother was a journalist and newspaper editor and her father, a Normandy veteran, worked as assistant district attorney in two Massachusetts counties and then as Chief Assistant US Attorney for Massachusetts. Malloy skied and played tennis, summering in New Hampshire, Cape Cod and the Berkshires. Malloy felt an early calling to the visual arts and began painting and sketching as a child.
After graduating from Middlebury College with a degree in literature and work in studio art and art history, Malloy took a job at the Library of Congress and also traveled in Europe.
In the next few years, while writing and making art, Malloy worked as a technical information specialist at the NASA contractor Ball Brothers Research Corporation, running their technical library and learning FORTRAN programming in order to identify relevant content for research.
Moving to the East Bay in the early 1970s, Malloy lived in Berkeley where, in addition to installations and performances, she developed a series of artists books that incorporated non-sequential narratives driven by words and images. She currently resides in El Sobrante, California.
Her papers are currently being collected by the David M. Rubenstein Rare Book & Manuscript Library at Duke University.
Online.
In 1986, Malloy wrote and programmed "Uncle Roger", the first online hyperfiction project with links that took the narrative different directions depending on the reader's choice. "Uncle Roger" was mentioned as the start of a future art form by the Wall Street Journal in their 1989 centennial publication. It was a three-part hypertextual "narrabase" (narrative database) that used keyword searching (including Boolean operators) and appeared on Art Com Electronic Network on the WELL.
In 1988, Malloy became the coordinating editor of FineArt Forum under the Leonardo publishing umbrella and developed F. A. S. T. (Fine Art Science and Technology), a resource on the Whole Earth 'Lectronic Link (The WELL) bulletin board. Malloy was the initial editor of "Leonardo Electronic News", 1991–1993, now "Leonardo Electronic Almanac". For Leonardo, she worked to make the work of new media artists more visible, creating the artist's "Words on Works" (WOW) Project, published in "Leonardo Electronic News" and "Leonardo".
In 1989, Malloy's hyperfiction work "its name was Penelope" was exhibited at the Richmond Art Center, gaining publication in 1993 by Eastgate Systems. Also in 1993, Malloy was invited to XEROX PARC as artist-in-residence, where she developed "Brown House Kitchen", an online narrative written in LambdaMOO. Malloy then wrote "l0ve0ne", published in 1994 by Eastgate Web Workshop as their first work. Malloy created Making Art Online] in 1994. One of the first arts websites, Making Art Online is currently hosted by the Walker Art Center.
Between 1993 and 1996, while working with PARC, Malloy and Cathy Marshall (hypertext developer) collaborated on "Closure Was Never a Goal in this Piece", an article published in the book "Wired Women" which documented their experiences working on their other project, "Forward Anywhere: Notes on an Exchange between Intersecting Lives", a hypernarrative work based on electronic communication that passed between the two in which they sought "to exchange the remembered and day-to-day substance of our lives".
Malloy worked for Arts Wire, a program of the New York Foundation for the Arts (NYFA) from its early origins in 1993. She began serving as editor of the online periodical "Arts Wire Current" in March 1996. She continued as editor through the periodical's name change to "NYFA Current" in November, 2002, until March 2004.
Malloy is the editor of "Women, Art & Technology" (MIT Press, 2003), a documentation of the central role of female artists in the development of new media. The book lays out a historical outline of the female influence in art and technology including papers written by notable members of the field. She is also the editor of "Authoring Software", a website of resources related to the authoring tools used for hyptertext and other forms of database-driven writing. Her most recent work is the 2010 new media poetry trilogy "Paths of Memory and Painting", the first part of which appeared in 2008 under the title "where every luminous landscape".
Her work has been exhibited and published internationally including the 2008 Electronic Literature Conference, San Francisco Art Institute, Tisch School of the Arts, New York University, São Paulo Art Biennial, the Los Angeles Institute for Contemporary Art, Boston Cyberarts Festival, the Walker Art Center, Visual Studies Workshop, Berkeley Art Center, Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival, Centenary of Carmen Conde, Cartagena, Spain, Istanbul Contemporary Art Museum and the Hellenic American Union in Athens, Houston Center for Photography, Richmond Art Center, San Antonio Art Institute, A Space, Toronto, Canada, National Library of Madrid, Eastgate Systems, E. P. Dutton, Tanam Press, Seal Press, MIT Press, The Iowa Review Web, and Blue Moon Review. Malloy's "where every luminous landscape" (2008) was exhibited at The Future of Writing, University of California, Irvine, November, 2008 and the E-Poetry Festival, Barcelona, May, 2009. In May 2009 it was a finalist in the "prix poésie-média 2009" hosted by the "Biennale Internationale des poetes" (BIPVAL) in Val de Marne, France.
Art California Web.
Malloy is the host of the Art California Web, in partnership with the California Studies Association. The website is a portal to information regarding artist and art organizations in California. The primary focus is to encourage California art, with a list of over 6,000 mainstream and non-profit artists and organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="18710375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710375" title="Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry">
Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry

The Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry () is a psychiatric institute in Munich, Germany. It is a part of the Max Planck Society.
History.
The Institute was founded as "Deutsche Forschungsanstalt für Psychiatrie" (German Institute for Psychiatric Research) by King Ludwig III of Bavaria in Munich on February 13, 1917. The main force behind the institute was Emil Kraepelin. The Institute became affiliated with the "Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften" (The K.W.Society for the Advancement of Science) in 1924. In 1928 a new building of the institute was opened at 2 Kraepelinstrasse. The building was financed primarily by a donation of $325,000 from the Rockefeller Foundation. Under the leadership of department heads Walther Spielmeyer, Ernst Rüdin, Felix Plaut, Kurt Schneider and Franz Jahnel, the Institute gained an international reputation as a leading institution for psychiatric research.
During the Nazi era, Felix Plaut and Kurt Neubürger were dismissed from the Institute by the Nazi regime due to their Jewish origin. Plaut was dismissed in October 1935.
During the Second World War, the Institute's facilities sustained much damage. Research activities of the Institute were limited until the mid-1950s.
In 1954 the Institute was incorporated into the Max Planck Society as successive institution of the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften under maintenance of the foundation of 1917. The Institute was divided into an Institute of Brain Pathology and a Clinical Institute, both at 2 Kraepelinstrasse.
In 1966 the Institute was renamed "Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry (German Research Institute of Psychiatry)”. In the same year, a new research clinic was opened in Kraepelinstrasse 10.
In 1984 the theoretical part of the Institute moved to a new building in Martinsried, west of Munich. The Departments of Neurochemistry, Neuromorphology, Neuropharmacology and Neurophysiology were moved there. The Clinical Department, the Departments of Ethology and Psychology remained in Kraepelinstrasse. The independent Research Center of Psychopathology and Psychotherapy were closed.
In 1989 the Institute's building in Kraepelinstrasse was renovated and enlarged with the addition of a new laboratory wing.
In 1998 the theoretical part and the clinical part of the Institute segregated. The theoretical division of the Institute became the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology and the clinical part kept the name "Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry".
The current director is Florian Holsboer.
Research.
The Institute is one of the leading research institutes on psychiatry. Physicians, psychologists, and natural scientists conduct research on psychiatric and neurological disorders and on the development of diagnosis and treatment.
Many patients participate in different clinical trails each year. Extensive phenotyping of the patients with analysis of blood and fluid samples, clinical psychopathology and neuropsychological testing, neurophysiological methods, neuroimaging techniques, and protein and gene analyses form the basis to investigate the causation of complex psychiatric and neurological diseases.
The concept of the Institute is based on a suitable balance between clinical and laboratory research. Research groups work on topics such as aging, anxiety, depression, neurologic diseases, psychopharmacology, schizophrenia, sleep, and other topics.
The Institute consists of a 120 bed clinic equipped with laboratories for research on neuroendocrinology and sleep physiology, several special wards, a dayclinic for depression and psychiatry and various laboratories for cell and molecular biology.
The Institute does research in magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy. It has a 1.5 Telsa magnetic resonance tomograph for examinations of humans, and a 7 telsa experimental magnetic resonance tomograph for animal studies. The studies of human NMR focus on the pharmacological effects and the topography of affective disorders and anxiety.
Medical services.
The Institute provides medical service for psychiatric and neurological disorders. It has a hospital, dayclinic for depression and psychiatry and several outpatient clinics. The hospital consists of four psychiatric and one neurological ward with 120 beds. It treats about 1500 inpatients per year.
The Institute provides treatment for depression, anxiety disorder, schizophrenia, sleep disorders, dementia, multiple sclerosis, Morbus Parkinson, restless legs syndrome, and endocrine diseases.

</doc>
<doc id="18710382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710382" title="MGP-15 submachine gun">
MGP-15 submachine gun

The MGP-15 is a submachine gun designed for issue to special forces made by SIMA-CEFAR, updated with a longer barrel and a forward-facing magazine. The name was changed from previous MGP models due to modifications, including a change to a barrel with a threaded muzzle, usually fitted with a screwed-on muzzle cap, that allows a suppressor to be quickly screwed on.
Design.
Like all MGP submachine guns, the weapon can utilize Uzi submachine gun magazines. A folding butt stock is provided, so arranged that with the butt folded along the right-hand side of the receiver the butt plate can act as a form of foregrip.

</doc>
<doc id="18710389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710389" title="Kai Abdul Foday">
Kai Abdul Foday

Kai Abdul Foday was a Sierra Leonean politician who served as member of Sierra Leone's parliament representing his hometown of Kono District. He was a member of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP). Kai Abdul Foday was first elected to parliament in the 2002 general elections, he again won re-election in the 2007 general election, although his political party, the SLPP presidential candidate Solomon Berewa lost the presidential election to the APC presidential candidate Ernest Bai Koroma. Kai Foday comes from the Kissi ethnic group.
Kai Abdul Foday was born on the 2nd of March 1924,in Kamiendor, Mafindor Chiefdom, Kono District.

</doc>
<doc id="18710407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710407" title="Van Buren Place Historic District">
Van Buren Place Historic District

The Van Buren Place Historic District, located in the West Adams section of Los Angeles, California, is a Historic District listed in the National Register of Historic Places. The district is located in the 2600 block of Van Buren Place and consists of Craftsman, Shingle-Craftsman and Tudor-Craftsman style homes built between 1903 and 1916. The area was founded by Percy H. Clark who built six of the homes. The district is significant, for the purpose of the National Register Historic District designation, in the area of community planning and development and the area of architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="18710411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710411" title="A. P. Elkin">
A. P. Elkin

Adolphus Peter "A. P." Elkin CMG (27 March 1891 – 9 July 1979) was an Anglican clergyman, an influential Australian anthropologist during the mid twentieth century and a proponent of the assimilation of Indigenous Australians.
Early life.
Elkin was born at West Maitland, New South Wales; his father was an English Jew and his mother was a seamstress of German ancestry. His parents were divorced in 1901, his mother died the next year and he was then brought up by his maternal grandparents as an Anglican. He went to school at Singleton and Maitland East Boys' High School. After finishing school he work at banks in country New South Wales, but then won a theological scholarship to St Paul's College, University of Sydney, where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1915. From 1916 to 1919 he worked in the Anglican diocese of Newcastle and he then became a teacher at St John's Theological College, Armidale, under Ernest Henry Burgmann.
Elkin became interested in Australian Aboriginal culture and although no anthropology was taught in Australia at the time, his master's thesis—which he completed successfully in 1922—was on this subject and he lectured on it at St John's. He married Sally Thompson in 1922. He was Anglican rector of Wollombi from 1922 and 1925 and during this period he lectured for the University of Sydney in the Hunter Region on Aboriginal culture. In 1925, he resigned from his Anglican work and began studying anthropology at University College, London under Grafton Elliot Smith, where he earned a PhD in 1927. In 1927, foundation professor of anthropology and Sydney University, Alfred Radcliffe-Brown, gained Rockefeller funding for him to work on Australian culture in the Kimberleys, Western Australia. In 1928, he was appointed as Anglican rector of Morpeth on the basis that he could continue with his anthropology. He also became co-editor of St John's Theological College's "Morpeth Review". He also became editor of "Oceania" from its founding in 1931 until his death. He visited many missions in Western Australia, including the Mount Margaret Mission, part of the Australian Aborigines Mission (later United Aborigines Mission) in 1930 on behalf of the Australian National Research Council. He became an activist for the amelioration of Australian aborigines, which he saw as best served by their assimilation into European society.
Professor of anthropology.
Following Radcliffe-Brown's resignation from Sydney University Elkin was appointed lecturer-in-charge of the anthropology department in late 1932 and he was promoted to professor in December 1933. Until his retirement in 1956, he effectively dominated Australian anthropology, advised governments, trained administrators sent to Papua New Guinea, while also continuing his field research. He was president of the Association for the Protection of Native Races from 1933 to 1962. He was vice-president of the Aborigines Protection Board of New South Wales, (renamed Aborigines Welfare Board in 1940). He intervened successfully to prevent the execution of an Aboriginal, Tuckiar for murder, leading to the eventual quashing of the conviction by the High Court in 1934.
After his retirement in 1966, Elkin was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG). In 1970 he received an honorary doctorate of letters from the University of Sydney. He died at a meeting at the University, survived by his wife and two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="18710463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710463" title="Environmental impact of transport in Australia">
Environmental impact of transport in Australia

The environmental impact of transport in Australia is considerable. Australia subsidizes fossil fuel energy, keeping prices artificially low and raising greenhouse gas emissions due to the increased use of fossil fuels as a result of the subsidies. The Australian Energy Regulator and state agencies such as the New South Wales' Independent Pricing and Regulatory Tribunal set and regulate electricity prices, thereby lowering production and consumer cost.
According to a report by The Institute for Sustainable Futures (ISF) at University of Technology Sydney, titled: "Energy and Transport Subsidies in Australia", roughly 70% of the country's greenhouse gas emissions are caused by the energy and transport industries. The uptake of renewable energy in these sectors is slow because of subsidies to fossil fuels and the high cost of acquiring the sophisticated technology required to produce cleaner fuels. Furthermore, fossil fuels are easier to transport and use, compared to renewable energy, which often require sophisticated instruments to acquire and store. The report revealed that for the 2005–2006 financial year, transport subsidies were measured to reach up to $10.1 billion, of which 74% related to transport, 18% to electricity and 4% to renewable and efficient energy. These subsidies help energy generation companies increase their profits, therefore encouraging the building of additional coal-fuel power plants. Investing in other, more sustainable, types of electricity generation plants would have cost less than continuing to subsidize the building of these power plants. On a positive note, alternative transport fuels such as natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas are excused from fuel excise/tax.
Tax calculated for the use of a company car is calculated as such: the further the person drives the car, the higher the business use and the lower the personal use. Since tax is calculated based on personal use, drivers tend to drive longer distances to lessen the amount of tax that they have to pay. This leads to a higher consumption of vehicular fossil fuels and, subsequently, higher greenhouse gas emissions.
Dr Hal Turton, the Group Leader of the Energy Economics Group at Swiss research establishment, the Paul Scherrer Institute, discussed in his report for Canberra-based think tank The Australia Institute titled: "The Aluminium Smelting Industry: Structure, Market Power, Subsidies and Greenhouse Gas Emissions", that the yearly electrical use subsidy for the use of the six aluminium smelters in Australia is at least A$210 million. According to the report, Australia's aluminium smelting industry is party to one of the most subsidized electricity charges as compared to other similar establishments. The ISF report found that removing electrical subsidies would bring up electricity prices by 3.9%, which would lead to a fall in demand of electricity by 1.4% in the long run. Reducing transport subsidies would increase prices by 32%, which would lead to a fall in demand worth 18%. It suggests that subsidies should be removed gradually so as not to hurt drivers who have no choice but to use petrol (due to the lack of alternatives), and that taxpayer's funds be channeled to subsidize the sustainable energy industry instead.
The National Roads and Motorists' Association (NRMA) is pushing for Australian petrol consumption to be reduced by 50% by 2050. It is advocating a move towards greener transport, and has called for a reduction of the A$10 billion subsidies given to the nation's fossil fuel industry.
Details of subsidies.
Coal power industries are subsidized under the Greenhouse Gas Abatement Program (GGAP).
Jamison Report.
The Jamison Report was published by the NRMA in July 2008, and focused on alternative fuels and reducing emissions from motor vehicles. It was written by the Jamison Group, a team of four well-respected academics in the transport and energy fields, namely: CSIRO energy advisor David Lamb, University of New South Wales environmental science professor Mark Diesendorf, Macquarie University management professor John Mathews and Monash University Honorary Senior Research Fellow, Graeme Pearman.
The report was titled: "A Roadmap for Alternative Fuels in Australia: Ending our Dependence on Oil".
The report suggests a 12-step 'roadmap' to address the issue of fossil fuel usage in motor vehicles.
Types of financial subsidies.
The International Energy Agency defines an energy subsidy as: "...any government action that concerns primarily the energy sector that lowers the cost of energy production, raises the price received by energy producers or lowers the price paid by energy consumers." 
There are six types of financial subsidies practiced:
Public opinion.
According to a survey conducted by Australian polling and market research company Newspoll in March 2008:

</doc>
<doc id="18710479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710479" title="Cristina Calderón">
Cristina Calderón

Cristina Calderón (born 24 May 1928) of Robalo, Puerto Williams, on Navarino Island, Chile, is the last living full-blooded Yaghan person. By 2004, Calderón (often referred to as simply "Abuela") and her sister-in-law Emelinda Acuña were the only two remaining native speakers of the Yaghan language. After Acuña died at 84 years of age (October 12, 2005), Calderón became the last living full-blooded Yaghan person. With her granddaughter Cristina Zarraga and her sister Ursula Calderon she published a book of Yaghan stories called "Hai Kur Mamashu Shis" ["I Want to Tell You a Story"] in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18710492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710492" title="Metro Davao">
Metro Davao

Metro Davao, officially called Metropolitan Davao (, ), is a metropolitan area in the Philippines. It includes the cities of Davao City, Digos in Davao del Sur, Tagum, Panabo and Samal in Davao del Norte. The metropolitan area also encompasses the two municipalities of Carmen in Davao del Norte and Santa Cruz in Davao del Sur. Metro Davao is one of twelve metropolitan areas in the Philippines. However, unlike Metro Manila, Metro Davao does not have a formal legal framework, such as a metropolitan development council (although it has a "de facto" one) to stand on, existing not as a juridical entity but only as an informal reference to the area.
History.
Comparison to Other Philippines' Metropolitan Regions.
The agglomeration of Metro Davao has no formal legal framework early on its initial stage of development process either by an act of Congress, by an executive declaration of the President or by a formal agreement among component cities and municipalities of the metropolitan area.
In the case of Metro Manila, the component cities and municipalities were grouped into a province through a [decree issued by then-President Ferdinand Marcos, and designated the former first lady Imelda Marcos as governess. From then on, Greater Manila, as it was known earlier, became Metro Manila.
To formalize its juridical identity, Congress passed into law Republic Act No. 7924, instituting the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority. Under the current law, the head of the agency shall be appointed by the President and should not be on a concurrent elected position as mayor.
Metro Cebu is a concept created in the 70's and formally adopted by the Regional Development Council of Central Visayas as a platform for integrating parallel development in the metropolitan area.
Formation of the Metropolitan Area.
Although Metro Davao was formed in 1995 by mayor Rodrigo Duterte, the mayor of Davao City at that time, it does not have the birth perspective of either Metro Cebu or Metro Manila. The metropolitan concept of Metro Davao is being spearheaded by the mayor but no formal agreement or an act of congress have been executed to formalize its legal and juridical identity.
Government.
Metro Davao is not an administrative political unit but an agglomeration of independent local government units (LGUs), the third level government in the Philippine political system. However, it already has its three own governance councils, namely: Davao Integrated Development Program Board, Metropolitan Davao Committee, and Metropolitan Davao Management Office. As of now, the Davao Regional Development Council serves as the metropolitan area's development council, since Metro Davao not only defines the LGUs in the said metropolitan area, but also all of Davao Region.
Definitions of Metro Davao.
As years passed on, the definitions of Metro Davao had changed in recent years. Metro Davao, as of now, has taken on three identical geographical definitions, namely:
Geography and Demographics.
The metropolitan area has 4041.39 km², making it one of the two most area-wise largest metropolitan areas in the Philippines, the other being Metro Cagayan de Oro; it also has a population of 2,274,913 in the combined population sizes of the local government units that make up the metropolitan area during the 2010 LGPMS Census, making it as the third most populous metropolitan area in the country after Metro Manila and Metro Cebu, and the most populous in the entire Mindanao island.
However, as based on geographical studies, only about 12% of the portion of its land area accounts for its urban area, the rest are rural; yet, almost 80% percent of the population live in the urban areas, primarily at Davao City, Tagum City, and Digos City. Thus, the metropolitan area centered around Davao City is considered as urban.
Economy.
The economy of Metro Davao is one of the largest in the country and the most economically active in Mindanao. Davao City, its metropolitan center, is known as the Crown Jewel of Mindanao because it is the premier city, the financial and trade center, and hub of Mindanao. It also has the greatest economic activity, population, urban build-up and modern amenities in Mindanao, and is the single most important economy in the island as well as the third most important urban center in the Philippines. It is also the largest city in the BIMP-EAGA Economic Circle, a subregional economic cooperation initiative in Southeast Asia.
Tagum City, from being a predominantly agricultural area, has become Mindanao's fastest-rising urban city due to its strategic location, being in the crossroads between the rural areas of Davao del Norte and Compostela Valley and at the urban Metropolitan Davao itself.
Agriculture.
Davao City is one of the country's leading producers and exporters of durian, mangoes, pomeloes, banana, coconut products, papaya, mangosteen, and even flowers. Panabo hosts one of the country's biggest banana plantations, which is owned by the Tagum Agricultural Development Company (TADECO) that covers around 6,900 hectares of banana fields. Digos is popular for the mangoes produced in the city.
Education.
Metro Davao has a number of educational institutions catering to the needs of its residents. These colleges and universities are mostly found in Davao City. There are also a number of international schools that serve the metro. Here are some notable institutions in Metro Davao.
Public
Private
Infrastructure.
Airport.
The international airport in Davao City, Davao City International Airport, is the largest and most developed in Mindanao, has the second longest runway in the island after that of General Santos International Airport, and the third busiest in the country, after Ninoy Aquino International Airport and Mactan-Cebu International Airport. It can handle both domestic and international flights, serving several flights to Manila, Cebu, Iloilo, and as far as Singapore, Hong Kong, Seoul, South Korea, Manado, Indonesia, and Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia; it is the only airport in the island to handle flights like these. Its ATC Tower is the most advanced in the country. The airport serves as the main international gateway to the entire Mindanao island and as well as Metro Davao.
Seaport.
Three of the four main seaports operate in Metro Davao, namely: Sasa International Seaport in Sasa and Sta. Ana Pier in the Chinatown District, both in Davao City; and Panabo Seaport in Davao del Norte. The former two, both of which are located in Port of Davao in Davao City, can service both interisland and international shipments. Sasa International Container Port, also located in the Davao International Seaport, is the busiest in the entire Visayas-Mindanao region.
Media.
Davao City, having over a million night-time population and an estimated 4 million day-time population is home to many media outlets. Large media networks like ABS-CBN Broadcasting Network, GMA Network, Inc., TV5, National Broadcasting Network, and RPN9 maintain their respective local stations and branches for viewership, commercial and news coverage purposes. Most of these stations broadcast local news and public affairs as well as entertainment and dramas to cater the local viewers.
Moreover, there are cable television operations in the city offering for a free worldwide array of television stations for news, sports, science and technology, movies and documentaries, history and natural sciences, action and sci-fi, lifestyle and fashion, cartoons and children's shows, entertainment and showbiz-oriented programs and more.
Aside from the 24 national daily newspapers available, Davao City also has 20 local newspapers. Among the widely read are the Sun Star Davao and Mindanao Times.

</doc>
<doc id="18710510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710510" title="Saeid Davarpanah">
Saeid Davarpanah

Saeid Davarpanah Fard Karekani (, born September 7, 1987) is an Iranian professional basketball player, currently playing as a guard for Hamyari Shahrdari in the Iranian Basketball Super League. He is 6'3" in height. He is also a member of the Iranian national basketball team and competed at the 2008 Olympic Basketball Tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18710512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710512" title="Vivian Girls">
Vivian Girls

Vivian Girls were an American band from Brooklyn, New York.
History.
Vivian Girls, named after the magnum opus of outsider author Henry Darger, started in Brooklyn, NY in March 2007 as the trio of Cassie Ramone (guitar/vocals); Katy "Kickball Katy" Goodman (bass/drums/vocals); and Frankie Rose (drums/bass/vocals). While only a band for a short while, they recorded a demo which included five original songs and a Wipers cover, and began to play locally in Brooklyn and Katy (Kickball Katy) and Cassie's home state of New Jersey. Within the first couple of months they had already developed a strong local following, supporting acts like Jay Reatard, Sonic Youth and the King Khan & BBQ Show as well as finding kindred spirits in other locals like Cause Co-Motion!, Crystal Stilts, and Woods, with whom they’ve shared many bills and helped develop a local scene. The band is still very much connected to their home scene. 
In March 2008 they released the "Wild Eyes" single on the Plays With Dolls label. With very little promotion and distribution the single became an underground indie hit as it charted on many college radio playlists and garnered positive reviews on the internet.
Recorded in the same session, their debut self-titled LP was released by the Mauled by Tigers label, whose initial pressing of the LP sold out in ten days. During this time, the group signed with In The Red Records who released a new single in August 2008. In The Red re-released the Mauled by Tigers record on LP and CD formats in October 2008. 
In July 2008 the band underwent a lineup change with new drummer Ali Koehler replacing Frankie Rose. The band then went on an extensive tour that saw them visit the U.S., UK, Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Puerto Rico in two months. Their second album, "Everything Goes Wrong" was released by In The Red in September 2009.
Katy Goodman (Kickball Katy) formed a side project with Cat Power's Gregg Foreman named All Saints Day, the band has digitally released one self-titled EP. She now has a solo project La Sera. Cassie Ramone has a side project called The Babies with Woods bassist Kevin Morby. They have released two studio albums in 2011 and 2012. Fiona Campbell also plays in Coasting and Chain & The Gang, and is co-owner of M'Lady's Records. 
The band also featured on the track 'Worse to Come' on noise pop band Male Bonding's debut album Nothing Hurts.
Vivian Girls' third album "Share the Joy" was released in spring 2011 by Polyvinyl Record Co., home to of Montreal, Japandroids, and Deerhoof among others.
In January 2014, the band announced they were breaking up, featuring two last shows at The Church on York in Los Angeles, and Death by Audio in Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="18710520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710520" title="Intergalactic dust">
Intergalactic dust

Intergalactic dust is cosmic dust in between galaxies in intergalactic space. Evidence for intergalactic dust has been suggested as early as 1949, and study of it grew throughout the late 20th century. There are large variations in the distribution of intergalactic dust. The dust may affect intergalactic distance measurements, such as to supernova and quasars in other galaxies.
Intergalactic dust can be a part of intergalactic dust clouds, shown to exist around some other galaxies since the 1960s. By the 1980s, at least four intergalactic dust clouds were discovered within several megaparsec (Mpc) of the Milky Way galaxy, and an example of this is the Okroy cloud.
In February 2014, NASA announced a greatly upgraded database for tracking polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) in the universe. According to scientists, more than 20% of the carbon in the universe may be associated with PAHs, possible starting materials for the formation of life. PAHs seem to have been formed shortly after the Big Bang, are widespread throughout the universe, and are associated with new stars and exoplanets.

</doc>
<doc id="18710526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710526" title="Malimbe">
Malimbe

The malimbe is a type of xylophone from the Congo which is described as having both male and female counterparts; the former has 15 wooden bars, the latter has nine. "Malimbe" also refers to a lamellaphone or mbira type instrument amongst the Nyamwezi of Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="18710601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710601" title="List of anime series by episode count">
List of anime series by episode count

This is a list of anime series by episode count. Minimum count for each section is listed above each table.
Television.
This is a list of anime television series by episode count for series with a minimum of 100 episodes. Note that anime franchises with multiple television series (e.g. "Sailor Moon") will not be listed on this page. However anime in Japan has a somewhat misleading practice of naming seasons as if they are NOT a part of the original series. e.g. "Sailor Moon" etc. This article will only cover series without distinct arc/season names.
OVA and ONA.
This is a list of original video animation (OVA) and original net animation (ONA) series by episode count for series with a minimum of 12 episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="18710650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710650" title="Cyrillic Extended-A">
Cyrillic Extended-A

Cyrillic Extended-A is a Unicode block containing combining Cyrillic letters used in Old Church Slavonic texts.

</doc>
<doc id="18710659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710659" title="Cyrillic Extended-B">
Cyrillic Extended-B

Cyrillic Extended-B is a Unicode block containing Cyrillic characters for writing Old Cyrillic and Old Abkhazian, and combining numeric signs.

</doc>
<doc id="18710665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710665" title="Kolluru">
Kolluru

Kolluru may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="18710678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710678" title="Carlos Antonio Meléndez">
Carlos Antonio Meléndez

Carlos Antonio Meléndez Flores (born 12 November 1958 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football (soccer) player.
He currently manages Salvadoran Second Division side El Roble.
Club career.
Nicknamed "el Cacho", Meléndez won the Salvadoran league title with Atlético Marte in 1985. In 1980 he played in Costa Rica for San Miguel de Guadalupe.
Retirement.
After he retired, he became a manager and coached Independiente Nacional 1906, Nejapa F.C. and Alacranes Del Norte.

</doc>
<doc id="18710683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710683" title="1930 Chatham Cup">
1930 Chatham Cup

The 1930 Chatham Cup was the eighth annual nationwide knockout football competition in New Zealand.
The competition was run on a regional basis, with five regional associations (Auckland, Wellington, Manawatu, Canterbury, and Otago) each holding separate qualifying rounds. In all, "almost 30 teams" took part.
Teams taking part in the final rounds are known to have included Auckland Thistle (who defeated Auckland YMCA in the Auckland regional final), St. Andrews (Manawatu), Petone, and Western (Christchurch). Other teams known to have taken part include Wellington's Hospital AFC, Diamonds, and Waterside; Canterbury's Christchurch Thistle, Nomads, and Rangers; and Dunedin teams Port Chalmers and Northern.
The previous season's winners, Tramways caused something of a sensation when they defaulted their first round match as a protest at having to play under floodlights. Further controversy was caused when the North Island final was awarded in to Petone by forfeiture in questionable circumstances.
The 1930 final.
Petone won the title for a second time, having previously won in 1928. In what was, by contemporary reports, an exciting game, Petone had the advantage of the wind at their backs in squally conditions, scoring the only goal of the first half through Dave Craig. In the second half, rain added to the wind to make conditions treacherous. Clarrie Falloon equalised for Western, and then thought they had taken the lead, only to have their second shot ruled out by referee A.E. Caisley. J. Dodds grabbed the winner with only a handful of minutes remaining, and Petone lifted the trophy for the second time, the first team to do so.

</doc>
<doc id="18710688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710688" title="IPA Extensions">
IPA Extensions

IPA Extensions is a block (0250–02AF) of the Unicode standard that contains full size letters used in the International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA). Both modern and historical characters are included, as well as former and proposed IPA signs and non-IPA phonetic letters. Additional characters employed for phonetics, like the palatalization sign, are encoded in the blocks Phonetic Extensions (1D00–1D7F) and Phonetic Extensions Supplement (1D80–1DBF). Diacritics are found in the Spacing Modifier Letters (02B0–02FF) and Combining Diacritical Marks (0300–036F) blocks.
With IPA's ability to use Unicode for the presentation of phonetic symbols, ASCII-based systems such as X-SAMPA or Kirshenbaum are being supplanted. Within the Unicode blocks there are also a few former IPA characters no longer in international use by linguists.
The IPA Extensions block has been present in Unicode since version 1.0, and was unchanged through the unification with ISO 10646. The block was filled out with extensions for representing disordered speech in version 3.0, and Sinology phonetic symbols in version 4.0.
Subheadings.
The IPA Extensions block contains only three subheadings, each associated with a set of characters encoded in a different version of Unicode, IPA extensions, IPA characters for disordered speech, and Additions for Sinology.
IPA extensions.
The IPA extensions are the first 89 characters of the IPA Extensions block, which includes Latin character variants and Greek borrowings that are regularly used only in IPA contexts. The characters of the IPA extensions subheading were part of the original Unicode 1.0.
IPA characters for disordered speech.
The IPA characters for disordered speech are additions to the IPA for phonemes that do not occur in natural languages, but are needed for recording pre-linguistic utterances by babies, gibberish from otherwise lingual individuals, and other non-linguistic but phonetic utterances. The IPA characters for disordered speech were added to the IPA Extensions block in Unicode version 3.0.
Additions for Sinology.
The Additions for Sinology are two symbols for phonemic transcription of classical Chinese. The Additions for Sinology were added to the IPA Extensions block in Unicode version 4.0.

</doc>
<doc id="18710730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710730" title="Gayatri Vihar">
Gayatri Vihar

Gayatri Vihar is a small colony in the heart of Dehradun, Uttarakhand. The construction of houses began in this area around 1998. It consists of two lanes, each comprising around 20 houses.
It lies within the Vijay Park extension and is just 500 metres from Balliwala Chowk of Dehradun.
Being a small locality, it consists of around 40 families. Some of these families are as follows (still developing):
Mr. PC Dimri, Mr. Maithani, Mr. Dhanesh Pandit, Mr. Kapil Dhasmana, Mr. GC Uniyal, Mr. Verma, Dr. HK Sachan, Mr. Om Prakash, Mr. Ram Milan, Mr. Bhardwaj, Mr. Rajkumar, Mr. Rajesh Kumar, Mrs. Pant, Mr. Jitendra Panwar, Mr. Chandhok, RAkesh Juyal, Panjkaj Sharma ETC.
House No. 26. Matrachhaya (Dass Family)-
Family Members - Mr. Gopal Dass, Mrs. Rekha Dass, Varsha, Manny, Channy, Mr. Kamal.

</doc>
<doc id="18710779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710779" title="Ponsonby AFC">
Ponsonby AFC

Ponsonby was a New Zealand football club, based in the Auckland suburb of Ponsonby. The team won the Chatham Cup, New Zealand's premier knockout tournament, in 1927 and 1933.
The team amalgamated with Mount Albert F.C. in 1970 to form the new Mount Albert-Ponsonby.

</doc>
<doc id="18710805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710805" title="Sloan's Lake">
Sloan's Lake

Sloan's Lake is a body of water, park, and neighborhood in Denver, Colorado, US. The neighborhood is located on the northwest side of Denver. The lake is the central feature of Sloan's Lake Park, which is managed by the Parks and Recreation division of the City and County of Denver.
Location.
Sloan's Lake is located on the western edge of Denver's city limits, adjacent to the suburbs of Lakewood, Edgewater and Wheat Ridge. The approximate boundaries are Sheridan Boulevard to the west, 17th Avenue to the south, Raleigh St. to the east, and 26th Avenue to the north. There are no tributary rivers to the lake. St. Anthony Central Hospital used to be southeast of this area, between 17th Avenue and Colfax Avenue in a neighborhood known as West Colfax, before it was moved farther west to Lakewood. Currently, the building is being torn down.
History.
The true history of the creation of Sloan's Lake may never be officially known, but during the settlement of the Denver area in the mid to late 19th century, the lake did not exist. A road connecting Denver and the western suburb of Golden crossed through where Sloan's Lake is now. A homesteader named Thomas F. Sloan received a patent for the land from US President Andrew Johnson in December 1866. He used the land for agricultural purposes, farming and raising cattle. A commonly accepted legend states that Sloan dug a well on the land, inadvertently tapping into an underground aquifer, and that when he awoke the next morning, part of his farm land was covered in water. That flooded this part of what was known as South Golden Road, and the realigned thoroughfare now known as Colfax Avenue would become the major east-west thoroughfare in this part of the city. However, according to gold rush era stagecoach driver Bill Turner, the lake appeared sometime between when he left for Kansas in June 1861 and when he returned in early 1863. It is possible that Sloan occupied the land prior to patenting it. The lake once exceeded and extended north and west beyond its current size, but portions were filled north of 25th Avenue and west of Sheridan Boulevard. 
The area surrounding the lake was once home to an amusement park and swimming facility known as Manhattan Beach. Opened to the public 27 June 1881, it was the first amusement park to be built west of the Mississippi River (it burnt down in 1908 and was rebuilt as Luna Park later that year); mishaps and competition from other such attractions in the vicinity (Elitch Gardens and Lakeside Amusement Park) led to its closure in 1914. Cooper Lake, a separate body of water just southeast of Sloan's Lake, fell under the jurisdiction of the federal Works Projects Administration in the 1930s, and a plan was developed which involved building channels beneath the surface of the water on both lakes. This essentially created one body of water that has commonly become known as Sloan's Lake. The size of the present-day combined Sloan's Lake and Cooper Lake is .
Character.
At , Sloan's Lake Park is the second largest park in Denver (after City Park). Typical activities at Sloan's Lake include hiking, jogging and bicycling on the trails and sidewalks that surround the lake, and fishing and boating on the lake itself. There are basketball and tennis courts located in the park. An annual event known as the Dragon Boat Festival attracts thousands of visitors each summer, celebrating Asian American culture and civilization.
The population of the neighborhood is approximately 8,500 residents. According to the 2000 census, the average household income is $48,300, somewhat less than the Denver city average. The neighborhood has a wide range of incomes, with about twelve percent of the population under the poverty line and 16.5 percent of the population making more than 200 percent above the Denver average. The housing stock in Sloan's Lake is likewise diverse with a wide range of housing and styles including 1920s bungalows to new, post-modern architecture. More than 55 percent of Sloan's Lake residents own their home, an above average figure for Denver. The average home sale price in Sloan's Lake is $259,000, nearly $20,000 less than Denver's average. 
The neighborhood's total crime rate of 53 per 1,000 people is below that for the city as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="18710850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710850" title="Wen Kezheng">
Wen Kezheng

Wen Kezheng (, 1929–2007), a famous Chinese bass singer, was born in Beijing. He was a former director of Vocal department of Shanghai conservatory. Graduated from Nanjing Conservatory in 1950, he was the committeeman of the Fourth Music Association of China. In 1957, He won the silver medal in the sixth World Youth Festival which further encouraged his journey in music.
Biography.
He was born in an intellectual family in Beijing His father was fond of music and stimulated his music potential. At the age of ten, he won a children's music prize for singing an old Italian song. In the 1940s, he passed in the Nanjing National Conservatory with the number 1 score.
From 1946-1956, he studied with Russian vocality professor Mr. V. Shushlin. After graduation, he successively worked in the music department of Nanjing Jing Ling University where he met his wife Qiu wang. He was also a director of the vocality department of Shanghai Conservatory, the fourth committeeman of the music association of china and the committeeman of the political consultative conference of Shanghai. Professor Wen staged the first vocal solo concert successively in Beijing, Tianjing and Nanjing with piano professor Jialu li in 1951. 
In 1956 Professor Wen participated in the first national music week festival, representing Shanghai. He won the gold medal of the first national singing test hosted by the national culture department of China at the same year. Subsequently, the national recording press of Soviet Russia published his vocal solo album while he won the silver medal of the international western classical singing test hosted by Moscow in 1957.
After that, he frequently held solo concerts and vocality lessons across the world with his wife Qiu Wang. He was the first Chinese singer who staged a concert in US, in 1986. He was invited to give a solo vocal concert in the domestic palace of Japan by the prince of Japan, and he sang the bass solo part of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony with the symphony orchestra of Osaka.
He was invited by the political consultative conference of Hong Kong to perform a solo vocal concert in 1989. Subsequently, he gave a performance of a vocal serials “Life”, staged in Macao the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="18710857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710857" title="Clockwork Girl">
Clockwork Girl

The Clockwork Girl is an all-ages/science fiction/fantasy comic series created by Sean O’Reilly and Kevin Hanna, that ran for six issues and was published in a collected edition for the first time in 2008.
"Clockwork Girl" tells the tale of a nameless robot girl who has recently been given the gift of life from her creator. While she explores the wonders of an ordinary world she meets an amazing mutant boy and they share a friendship that must overcome their warring families.
In 2008, Telefilm Canada announced that they had funded the property for a possible future film adaptation. The film, "The Clockwork Girl", is currently in postproduction.
Characters.
Locations.
All of the events of the books take place (for the most part), in the city of Harfang. Each Scientist’s castle are at opposite ends of the city.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected into a hardcover volume:
Awards.
"The Clockwork Girl" graphic novel has won the Moonbeam Award as well as Graphic Novel of the Year at Book Expo America by "ForeWord" magazine.
Film adaptation.
The film "The Clockwork Girl" is currently in the early stages of post-production.

</doc>
<doc id="18710864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710864" title="5th Brigade (Australia)">
5th Brigade (Australia)

5th Brigade is a brigade of the Australian Army. It is a Reserve combined arms formation based in New South Wales and forms part of the 2nd Division.
History.
It was initially formed in 1915 for service during the First World War and consisted of four infantry battalions—the 17th, 18th, 19th and 20th Battalions. The majority of its personnel were drawn from men that had previously served in New Guinea with the Australian Naval and Military Expeditionary Force. It served at Gallipoli, where it took part in the August Offensive before being evacuated in December 1915. In early 1916, the brigade was sent to France where for the next two and a half years it fought on the Western Front.
Following the end of the war, the 5th Brigade was disbanded, however, it was re-raised in 1921 as part of the Citizens Military Force. At this time it consisted of the 4th, 20th, 36th and 54th Battalions. During the Second World War the brigade was reduced to three infantry battalions—the 44th, 54th and 56th Battalions—and undertook defensive duties in Australia until it was disbanded in June 1944, as part of the reallocation of manpower resources undertaken by the Army at the time.
In 1948 the CMF was established once more, albeit on a limited scale and the 5th Brigade was re-raised. In 1960, with the introduction of the Pentropic divisional structure, the brigade ceased to exist as it was decided to move away from the traditional triangular formation. The Pentropic structure was abandoned in 1965, however, and the Army returned to the previous tropical establishment. The brigade was reformed at this time, albeit under the guise of the "5th Task Force", and consisted of three battalions—3 RNSWR, 4 RNSWR and 17 RNSWR. In 1982 it reverted to the designation of "5th Brigade" and in 1987 all Reserve formations were reduced to two infantry battalions.
Today, 5th Brigade is a combined arms formation of the Australian Army Reserve, based in New South Wales and it is one of six brigades of the 2nd Division.
Current composition.
The brigade's subordinate units are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18710866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710866" title="Roman Hikō">
Roman Hikō

Covers.
On April 23, 2003, Psycho le Cemu released a cover of this song.
In 2010, hip-hop unit Halcali also covered the song, reworking it into a tropical ska tune. The song was also the image theme song for Sony's Cyber-shot camera. In the same year, Debbie Gibson covered it in English in her Japan-only album Ms. Vocalist.

</doc>
<doc id="18710875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710875" title="Maestro de campo">
Maestro de campo

Maestre de campo was a rank created in 1534 by the Emperor Carlos V, inferior in rank only to the "capitán general" and acted as a chief of staff. He was chosen by the monarch in the Council of State, and commanded a "tercio". Their powers were similar to those of the old marshals of the Kingdom of Castile: he had the power to administer justice and to regulate the food supply. His personal guard consisted of eight German halberdiers, paid by the king, who accompanied him everywhere. Immediately inferior in the chain of command was the "sargento mayor". One of the most famous "maestro de campo" was Julian Romero, a common soldier who reached the rank of "maestro de campo" and that brought victory to the Spanish "tercio"s in the battles of San Quintín and Gravelines. 
In the overseas colonies of the Spanish Empire a governor held the rank of "capitán general" over his local forces and would appoint his "maestro de campo".

</doc>
<doc id="18710879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710879" title="Raha-automaattiyhdistys">
Raha-automaattiyhdistys

RAY (short for "Raha-automaattiyhdistys", Finland's Slot Machine Association) is a not-for-profit gambling company in Finland. Like Veikkaus, RAY is a gambling monopoly whose proceedings go to domestic charity such as pensioner care and gambling addiction treatment. While RAY is best known for its slot machines, the company also deals in online gambling and controls the only official casino in Finland, Grand Casino Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="18710906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710906" title="Guildford Exchange">
Guildford Exchange

Guildford Exchange is a major public transit exchange serving Guildford Town Centre in Surrey, British Columbia, Canada. It is a connection point for routes serving the Whalley, Fleetwood, Guildford and Cloverdale areas of Surrey, as well was Langley Centre. A number of routes serve the SkyTrain system via Surrey Central Station.
Structure and location.
The exchange is located on 104 avenue, on the west side of 152 street, under the pedestrian overpass at Guildford Mall, there are designated bus loading areas, however there is no separation for regular traffic.

</doc>
<doc id="18710930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710930" title="Shaheed Uddham Singh (film)">
Shaheed Uddham Singh (film)

Shaheed Udham Singh is a 2000 Revolutionary movie based on the life of the son of Hindustani soil, Ram Mohammad Singh Azad alias Shaheed Udham Singh who spent his whole life to punish Michael O'Dwyer, the British Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab who ordered the massacre of a thousand people at Jallianwala Bagh in Amritsar.
Summary.
Udham Singh was born and brought up in a Sikh family in Punjab, India, during the time when the British ruled India. Enraged at the massacre of over 2000 men, women, and children at the hands of Brigadier General Edward Harry Dwyer (Tom Alter) in Jallianwalla, (now known in History books as the Jallianwalla Baug Massacre) Udham Singh swears vengeance. He sets about creating obstacles for the British, and is soon on wanted lists by the authorities. On one occasion he is shielded by a courtesan, Noor Jehan (Juhi Chawla). In order to achieve his vengeance, he travels to the United Kingdom, befriends the local Indians, as well as Irish Freedom Fighter, Irene Rose Palmer (Charleen Carswell). He finally kills Dwyer during a presentation. He is quickly apprehended, and jailed. He refuses to cooperate with the authorities, nor is he willing to accept that he is mentally incapable. His trial is a mockery and travesty of justice. He is ordered to be hanged, and the press are forbidden to publish the trial proceedings

</doc>
<doc id="18710950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710950" title="Irvin v. Dowd">
Irvin v. Dowd

Irvin v. Dowd, 359 U.S. 394 (1959), was a United States Supreme Court case. It involved an escaped convict's (Leslie Irvin) denial of appeal. The convict sought a federal writ of habeas corpus.
"Irvin v. Dowd" was one of the first of many cases to underscore the "swing vote" role played by Justice Potter Stewart, who recently had come to the Supreme Court and was caught between the two warring camps of justices—the liberal camp of Justices Earl Warren and William Brennan, and the conservative one headed by Justice Felix Frankfurter. Stewart was in the ideological center of the Supreme Court at the time.
Factual background.
The "Irvin" case centered on a series of murders in Evansville, Indiana, from 1954 to early 1955. In April 1955, local police arrested Leslie Irvin, announcing he had confessed to the crimes. Irvin's lawyers sought a change of venue for the case to avoid local biases, but they lost; a third of the jury was seated despite statements showing they had prejudged the defendant to be guilty. Irvin was sentenced to death in January 1956; he soon escaped from jail, leaving a note maintaining his innocence and alleging police misconduct and public prejudging of his case, as well as asking his lawyer to appeal. Irvin was soon recaptured, and the Indiana Supreme Court would reject his motions for appeals.
Irvin's lawyer came to the Supreme Court asking for a writ of habeas corpus.
Legal issues.
The case came to the Supreme Court to decide the question of whether Irvin's escaping from custody forfeited his right to appeal. Beyond that, the justices on the court prone to judicial restraint—Frankfurter, Harlan, Clark, and Whittaker—were usually not supportive of the idea of a federal court issuing a writ of habeas corpus in a state prosecution case. Brennan and Warren were concerned with the jurors who were allowed to sit on the case despite having prejudged the outcome.
Supreme Court Voting.
Justice Stewart at first felt that court precedent, especially the case of "Brown v. Allen", precluded the Supreme Court from getting involved in the state prosecution. Brennan managed to distinguish the Brown case and convinced Stewart to vote with him, bringing about a 5-4 majority for the liberals. Brennan wrote an opinion forcing the state of Indiana to consider Irvin's appeal on the basis of the jury issue; he did not reach the matter of Irvin's escape.
Outcome.
Justice Brennan wrote an opinion holding that Irvin's exhaustion of state remedies did not bar a federal court's granting habeas corpus. Stewart issued a one-line concurrence distinguishing the case from "Brown v. Allen".
The four judges in the minority—Frankfurter's bloc—saw the case as an example of the Court overreaching. Frankfurter resented the interposition of federal court review over state criminal actions.
Aftermath.
Though Justice Brennan had begun his Supreme Court career voting with Justice Frankfurter about half the time, the Irvin case marked the end of a meaningful relationship between the two justices. Frankfurter convinced a distinguished Harvard Law professor, Henry Hart, to focus on the case in the law school's "Harvard Law Review" as a means of character-assassinating Justice Brennan.
Despite ideological divides, when the case came back to the Supreme Court nearly two years later, the Court managed to write a unanimous opinion again remanding the case to state court, due to the original trial depriving Irvin of Fourteenth Amendment due process. Justice Clark's majority opinion underscored the need for impartiality in the jury: "In essence, the right to jury trial guarantees to the criminally accused a fair trial by a panel of impartial, 'indifferent' jurors."
Justice Frankfurter wrote a concurrence on the media and its coverage's way of preventing jurors from delivering impartial verdicts.

</doc>
<doc id="18710951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710951" title="Saint Clare's Hospital">
Saint Clare's Hospital

Saint Clare's Hospital may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18710964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710964" title="Sulakocetus">
Sulakocetus

Sulakocetus is an extinct genus of toothed whale in the family Waipatiidae. It was first described by G.A. Mchedlidze in 1976 with the type species "S. dagestanicus".

</doc>
<doc id="18710970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710970" title="South London Christian College">
South London Christian College

South London Christian College an international college with a vision for training leaders from the Global South was founded in 1991 in Clapham, London, England. It then relocated in 2006 to Grove Park, London, until its closure in October 2012.
History.
Students of South London Christian College over the years have come from some 45 different nations of the world and over 1000 have graduated on completion of their studies. Programmes offered over the years included full-time, part-time and distance learning from certificate to postgraduate degrees. Study areas included theology, ministerial studies, missions, Christian counselling and Christian music and worship. The vision of SLCC was: 'inspire hearts and educate minds'. 
The college offered practical training and assessments which included activities such as church placements. Students also went on Israel Bible tours and international missions trips to countries such as Belgium, Moldova, Pakistan, India, Uganda, Kenya, Zambia, Zimbabwe, South Africa, Ghana and the Gambia.
The college was initially registered with Department for Education and Skills (United Kingdom) (DfES) in 2005, then it was accredited in 2009 by an OfSTED-appointed organisation, Accreditation Service for International Colleges (ASIC). Following the government's 2011 guidelines for colleges to have governmental educational oversight, SLCC passed an inspection with Bridge Schools Inspectorate (BSI), which took over the role of ASIC. 
In October 2012, South London Christian College ceased operating and running programmes due to financial reasons.
Principals.
Principals:
Vice-Principals:

</doc>
<doc id="18710999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18710999" title="The U.S. Remixes">
The U.S. Remixes

"The U.S. Remixes" is a special edition 12" quadrapack by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited.
Release and reception.
Released only in the U.S.A as a limited edition 12" quadrapack, this release contains exclusive remixes of "Throw The Groove Down" and "No Limit" taken from 2 Unlimited's second studio album "No Limits". 
Top American and European, DJs and producers, including David Morales, DJ Roach, Chris Cox, Ron Hester, Bill Hallquist, Markus Schulz, Hippie Torales and Mixmaster all had a hand in producing the remixes.
Although the remixes are exclusive to this release, some of the remixes can be found in other territories on DJ exclusive compilations such as Hot Tracks and Ultimix.
Alternate Remix Information.
An alternate version is found on Ultimix Volume 51. 
The track has been re-edited differently to the 12" release version.
This version is found on both the 12" and CD release of Ultimix 51.
The same remix, only at the beginning there's a female voice as an intro before the real remix begins. Is also referred as the "Hot Tracks Digital Remix".
This remix is found on both the 12" and CD compilation releases of Hot Tracks 13-2. 

</doc>
<doc id="18711040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711040" title="Project Hayes">
Project Hayes

Project Hayes was a controversial wind farm proposed for the Lammermoor Range of Otago, New Zealand. The project was developed by Meridian Energy from 2006 to 2012 at a cost of $8.9 million.
It had a proposed capacity of up to 630MW, at the time making it the largest wind farm project in the southern hemisphere. The proposed farm would have covered an area of approximately 92 km², used up to 176 wind turbines and cost up to $2 billion. Meridian initially won resource consent for the project in 2007, but these were overturned by the Environment Court in 2009, and Meridian eventually announced it was withdrawing its application for consent in January 2012.
The project was named after engineer Eben Ernest Hayes (1851–1933), founder of the Hayes Engineering Works in Otago. He developed a windmill to power his engineering works from 1910 to 1927, and manufactured windmills for pumping water on farms.
Resource consent process.
In May 2006, Meridian announced three public consultation days to explain Project Hayes. Between July and October 2006, Meridian lodged applications for resource consents with the Central Otago District Council and with Otago Regional Council.
Resource consents for Project Hayes were granted in 2007, however the decision was appealed to the Environment Court. The project was opposed by a number of people, including the former All Black Anton Oliver who is also opposing the nearby Mahinerangi Wind Farm. The respected painter Grahame Sydney and poet Brian Turner also opposed the wind farms. Meridian spent more than NZ$7.6 million on the consenting process.
In November 2009, the Environment Court declined the consents as they concluded that the project did not achieve sustainable management under the Resource Management Act 1991 because the substantial adverse impacts, principally on the outstanding natural landscape, outweighed the positive factors, principally the large quantity of renewable energy.
Meridian stated that the Environment Court, in requiring a comprehensive and explicit cost-benefit analysis including hypothetical projects, had effectively created a new legal test for projects to overcome. Consequently, Meridian appealed the Environment Court decision to the High Court. In August 2010, the High Court allowed Meridian's appeal and sent the case back to the Environment Court to be reconsidered, with Meridian to present further evidence on alternative locations. The opponents of the project (the Maniototo Environmental Society, Upland Landscape Protection Society, John and Sue Douglas and Ewan Carr) filed notice to appeal the High Court Decision to the Court of Appeal. Meridian's lawyers asked the High Court to clarify its decision in respect of the Central Otago district plan landscape categories.
In January 2012, Meridian announced it had withdrawn the applications for resource consent. Meridian Chief Executive Mark Binns stated "... other projects now are a higher commercial priority than Project Hayes".

</doc>
<doc id="18711041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711041" title="Víctor Coreas">
Víctor Coreas

Víctor Manuel Coreas Privado (born 30 March 1963 in Quelepa) is a retired Salvadoran professional football player, who currently is manager of Salvadoran Premier League outfit C.D. Aguila.
He is the brother of former international player Salvador Coreas Privado.
Club career.
Coreas has spent his playing career at Vendaval, Águila and Municipal Limeño.
International career.
Coreas has represented El Salvador in 1 FIFA World Cup qualification match, against the United States in November 1989.
Managerial career.
After retiring as a player at Municipal Limeño, Coreas has been assistant coach at the club. He then worked at Vista Hermosa before being sacked and returned to Municipal in August 2009 to replace Miguel Aguilar. At the end of 2010, he was again appointed manager of Vista Hermosa.
At the start of 2012, he was appointed head coach of Aguila and in his first season as coach of Aguila lead them to their first title since 2006 (and their 15 in their history).

</doc>
<doc id="18711072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711072" title="John Dixon (rugby league)">
John Dixon (rugby league)

John Dixon (born in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league football coach and player. He played during the 1970s and coached the Welsh Crusaders club of Super League and was also head coach of Wales RL until mid-2009.
Dixon played for Toowoomba (including one game against a touring Great Britain Lions side in 1974) and also had spells in Dalby and Rockhampton. Working as a teacher, he took to coaching when he retired from playing, becoming coach of the Toowoomba Clydesdales and also working for 10 years at the Brisbane Broncos from 1995 in various coaching and development roles under Wayne Bennett. After that he moved to Wales and took on the coaching job at the Celtic Crusaders, who in 2008 won the opportunity to join the Super League competition from 2009. Also in 2008, Dixon was selected as coach of the Welsh national team until succeeded by Iestyn Harris in mid-2009. At the end of 2009's Super League XIV Dixon, who had coached every game of the Celtic Cusaders' four-year history stood down. In 2010 he coached the Redcliffe Dolphins of the Queensland Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="18711083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711083" title="Wilhelm Meisel">
Wilhelm Meisel

Wilhelm Meisel (4 November 1891 – 7 September 1974) was an Admiral of the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
Biography.
Meisel was born in Zwickau and joined the Navy as a midshipman in 1913. During the First World War he served on the battlecruiser , the light cruiser and the . He later served as a staff officer on Torpedo boats and was interned in Scapa Flow. After the scuttling of the High Seas Fleet he was held as a POW by the British and repatriated in 1921.
During the 1920s Meisel commanded a torpedo boat flotilla and held several staff posts and commanded the in 1929.
During World War II Meisel commanded a destroyer flotilla in the Polish Campaign of 1939 and was appointed commander of the heavy cruiser Admiral Hipper in 1940. He was made Chief of Staff of Naval Group west in 1943 and Chief of Naval staff in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18711086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711086" title="Moniliformin">
Moniliformin

Moniliformin is an unusual mycotoxin, a feed contaminant that is lethal to fowl. 
Moniliformin is formed in many cereals by a number of Fusarium species that include "Fusarium moniliforme", "Fusarium avenaceum", "Fusarium subglutinans", "Fusarium proliferatum", "Fusarium fujikuroi" and others. It is mainly cardiotoxic and causes ventricular hypertrophy. 
Moniliformin actually causes competitive inhibition of the activity of pyruvate dehydrogenase enzyme complex of respiratory reaction, which prevents pyruvic acid, product of glycolysis, to convert to acetyl CoA. 
Physicochemical information.
IUPAC name: 3-hydroxy-3-cyclobutene-1,2-dione. Solubility information: Moniliformin is soluble in water and polar solvents, such as methanol.<br>
λmax: 226, 259 in methanol

</doc>
<doc id="18711090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711090" title="BT Digital Music Awards">
BT Digital Music Awards

The BT Digital Music Awards (DMA) were created in the UK in 2001 and are held annually. Music industry professionals can nominate artists, venues and hardware into the Judge's Choice award categories. The rest of the awards are made up of People's Choice Awards, voted for by the public.
The 2011 BT Digital Music Awards, now in its eleventh year, was held at the Camden Roundhouse on 29 September.
The full list of award categories are as follows:
The People’s Choice Awards
The Judges’ Choice Awards
Public Voted Awards
2006 Award Winners.
Best Pop Artist: Lily Allen
Best Rock Artist: Muse
Best Unofficial Music Site: Muse
Best Use of Mobile: Thom Yorke
Best Artist Campaign: Thom Yorke
Best Urban Artist: Lemar
Best Blog: Mike Skinner
Best Artist Promotion: The White Stripes
Pioneer Award: Peter Gabriel

</doc>
<doc id="18711093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711093" title="Wunderlich (vacuum tube)">
Wunderlich (vacuum tube)

Wunderlich refers to a series of vacuum tubes introduced in the early 1930s. Wunderlichs were designed to be used as full-wave detectors in AM radio receivers. However, because of their unusual design, they were rarely used in commercially manufactured receivers. The tube is named for its inventor, Norman Wunderlich.
Structure.
The Wunderlich tube is a twin medium-mu triode. The tube has two identical control grids that operate in tandem with a common heater, indirectly heated cathode and plate. 
Function.
Typically, the two grids are connected to opposite ends of the center-tapped secondary of the final IF transformer. The center tap of the secondary is then connected to ground through a parallel-connected resistor and capacitor circuit. This causes the tube to act as a full-wave grid leak detector. In some circuits, the center tap also provides AVC bias voltage to the converter and/or IF amplifier. Some Wunderlichs, like the Wunderlich B, have a diode plate or a second grid that provide AVC bias voltage.

</doc>
<doc id="18711121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711121" title="Blue Resolution (Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do)">
Blue Resolution (Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do)

"Blue Resolution -Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do - ("Blue Resolution"－青の思覚解析度－), also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow III: Blue Resolution, is the eighth (seventh of entirely new music) solo album by artist Daisuke Asakura. It is the third in a series of seven albums released by Asakura in 2004, called Quantum Mechanics Rainbow. Each album revolves around a different color of the rainbow and a different term relating to Quantum Mechanics. This album revolves around the color blue. It also contains guest vocals by Mayumi Fujita (Track 5).

</doc>
<doc id="18711147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711147" title="Zacchini brothers">
Zacchini brothers

Edmondo Zacchini, (1894–1981) and Hugo Zacchini (1898–1975) were circus entertainers. They were the sons of Ildebrando Zacchini (1868–1948). In 1975 the brothers were inducted into the International Circus Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="18711156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711156" title="Happy Days (book)">
Happy Days (book)

Happy Days: My Mother, My Father, My Sister & Me is an autobiography by American journalist, Shana Alexander, published by Doubleday in 1995.
Subject of the book.
Although the book deals frankly with her often difficult relationship with her parents, Tin Pan Alley composer Milton Ager and his wife, columnist Cecelia Ager, in interviews author Alexander maintained she wanted to avoid writing a lurid, tell-all "Mommie Dearest"-type of celebrity confessional but rather “to tell this difficult story and to make a memorial to them. They were a remarkable couple, spanning a rich history of show business. And by the end they really did become my best friends.” 
“When you write about your parents you have to find a balance and be truthful without sacrificing any dignity,” she said. “I feel I described my parents in a careful refinement of words.” 
Although used to writing about difficult subjects and complicated, tough people (her previous books had included "Anyone's Daughter", about Patty Hearst; "Very Much a Lady" about Jean Harris, the headmistress convicted of murdering Scarsdale diet author Dr. Herman Tarnower; and "The Pizza Connection" about Mafia drug dealing), in interviews, Alexander maintained that the look at her self and her own family, especially the complex, sometimes baffling relationship between her parents and her relationship with them was a daunting task. Alexander researched the book for five years and found difficult the fact that her parents, the primary subjects, refused to reveal key facts. "We were an allegedly open family, but our parents never told us anything," Ms. Alexander said. "I had to do a lot of detective work to uncover the truth about my parents' lives. I knew almost nothing about them as people." 
In the book, Alexander reveals a perplexing contrast between her parents public and private lives. On the surface, her parents lead glamorous lives and were the toast of the town. Her father Milton was a noted and highly successful composer whose songs included "Happy Days Are Here Again", "Ain't She Sweet", and "I’m Nobody’s Baby"; her mother Cecelia wrote columns in Variety, was a Hollywood screenwriter, and Manhattan movie critic. Friends like George and Ira Gershwin, the Marx Brothers, Sophie Tucker, and Dorothy Parker were some of the frequent visitors to their homes in New York and Hollywood. Yet, in their private lives, the couple, who often lived in hotels, were temperamentally opposites, slept in separate rooms, and essentially lead separate lives. Alexander describes her mother as cold and unattached and writes of her inability to express love to either her daughters or her husband. However, the marriage lasted 57 years.
The book’s title, "Happy Days", taken from one of her father’s most famous songs, "Happy Days Are Here Again" is ironic “because my childhood was anything but,” Alexander said.
Critical reception.
The book was praised for its craftsmanship and its intriguing subject matter, particularly around the unanswered questions concerning Alexander’s parents’ lives and as a “moving autobiography of a life damaged by the chilly Cecilia’s inability to love her and her sister Laurel, and her beloved father’s inability to help.” While noting the glittery atmosphere created by appearances of the many celebrities who were the Ager’s friends, "Publishers Weekly" summed up the book’s main achievement: “But ultimately what will stay with readers the most is Alexander's moving account of her parents, her relationships with them, and their relationship with each other.” 

</doc>
<doc id="18711163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711163" title="Péter Bajzát">
Péter Bajzát

Péter Bajzát (born 22 June 1981 in Eger) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus.

</doc>
<doc id="18711171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18711171" title="List of compositions by Zdeněk Fibich">
List of compositions by Zdeněk Fibich

Below is a List of compositions by Zdeněk Fibich sorted by genre, H. number, opus number, date of composition, original and English titles. H. numbers are from "Zdeněk Fibich: Tematický katalog" (Zdeněk Fibich: Thematic Catalogue) by Vladimír Hudec (Prague, 2001).

</doc>
