<doc id="18679376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679376" title="Geofoam">
Geofoam

Geofoam is expanded polystyrene (EPS) or extruded polystyrene (XPS) manufactured into large lightweight blocks. The blocks vary in size but are often 2 m x 0.75 m x 0.75 m. The primary function of geofoam is to provide a lightweight void fill below a highway, bridge approach, embankment or parking lot. EPS Geofoam minimizes settlement on underground utilities. Geofoam is also used in much broader applications, the major ones being as lightweight fill, green roof fill, compressible inclusions, thermal insulation, and (when appropriately formed) drainage.
The area of geofoam can nicely segue into geocombs, previously called ultralight cellular structures which Horvath defines as “any manufactured material created by an extrusion process that results in a final product that consists of numerous open-ended tubes that are glued, bonded, fused or otherwise bundled together.” The cross-sectional geometry of an individual tube typically has a simple geometric shape (circle, ellipse, hexagon, octagon, etc.) and is of the order of 25 mm across. The overall cross-section of the assemblage of bundled tubes resembles a honeycomb that gives rise to its name. Presently, only rigid polymers (polypropylene and PVC) have also been used as geocomb material.
History.
The first use of EPS Geofoam was in Oslo, Norway in 1972. Geofoam was used in the embankments around the Flom Bridge in an effort to reduce settlements. Prior to installing geofoam, this area experienced 20–30 centimeters of settlement annually causing extreme roadway damage.
Due to the success of the Oslo geofoam project, the first International Geofoam Conference was held in Oslo, Norway in 1985 so engineers could exchange knowledge, research results, share new applications, and discuss case histories. Since then, two more conferences were held in Tokyo, Japan and Salt Lake City, US, 1996 and 2001, respectively. The most recent conference was held in June 2011 in Lillestrom, Norway.
Between 1985 to 1987, Japan used over 1.3 million cubic meters of geofoam in 2,000 projects. Testing and use of geofoam in these projects demonstrated the potential advantages of geofoam as a lightweight fill. For example, Geofoam was placed beneath runways in Japanese airports, proving the material can sustain heavy and repeated pressure.
Geofoam was first used in the United States in 1989 on Highway 160 between Durango and Mancos, Colorado. An increase in rainfall caused a landslide, destroying part of the highway. Geofoam was used to create highway side slope stabilization to prevent any similar issues. The use of geofoam in this project versus conventional restoration resulted in a cost savings of 500%.
The largest geofoam project in the United States lasted from 1997 to 2001 on Interstate 15 in Utah. Geofoam was chosen to minimize that amount of utilities that would need to be relocated or remodeled for the project. A total of 3.53 million cubic feet of geofoam was used, and approximately $450,000 was saved by not needing to relocate utility poles. Geofoam was also used in embankments and bridge abutments for base stability.
Applications.
Slope stabilization.
Slope stabilization is the use of geofoam in order to reduce the mass and gravitational force in an area that may be subject to failure, such as a landslide. Geofoam is up to 50 times lighter than other traditional fills with similar compressive strengths. This allows geofoam to maximize the available right-of-way on an embankment. Geofoam’s light weight accompanied by its ease to install reduces construction time and labor costs.
Embankments.
Embankments using geofoam allow for a great reduction in necessary side slopes compared to typical fills. Reducing the side slope of the embankment can increase the usable space on either side. These embankments can also be built upon soils affected by differential settlement without being affected. Maintenance costs associated with geofoam embankments are significantly lower when compared to embankments using natural soil.
Retaining structures.
Using geofoam for retaining structures provides a reduction in lateral pressure as well as preventing settlement and improving waterproofing. Geofoam's light weight will reduce the lateral force on a retaining wall or abutment. It is important to install a draining system under the geofoam to prevent problems with built-up hydrostatic pressure or buoyancy.
Utility protection.
Utility Protection is possible by using geofoam to reduce the vertical stresses on pipes and other sensitive utilities. Reducing the weight on top of a utility by using geofoam instead of a typical soil prevents utilities from potential issues, such as collapses.
Pavement insulation.
Pavement insulation is the use of geofoam under pavement where pavement thickness can be controlled by frost heave conditions. Using geofoam as a sub-grade insulation element will decrease this differential thickness. Geofoam is 98% air by volume, making it an effective thermal insulator. Proper installation of geofoam is especially important as gaps between geofoam blocks will work against geofoam's insulating effects.
Advantages.
Advantages of using geofoam include:
Disadvantages.
Disadvantages of using geofoam include:

</doc>
<doc id="18679379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679379" title="Greenwood Union Church">
Greenwood Union Church

Greenwood Union Church is a historic church at 4 Oak Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts. The church was built in 1884 and added to the National Historic Register in 1989.
The early beginnings of the Greenwood Union Church can be traced through historical records to the mid-1850s when the Sunday School was organized under the leadership of Henry Degan. The founders met in the unoccupied room of the Greenwood School house (also referred to as the old Hose House). 
After the First Congregational Society of Greenwood was organized in 1873, the members immediately began planning for a building of their own. When the school department needed their meeting room, they set out to find land, subsequently purchasing a lot of land from the Joseph Eaton estate on Oak Street. The foundation was laid in November, 1884, and the street floor of the building was in use by 1885. The upper floors were not completed until 1895, with a dedication held on February 27, 1895. 
The Greenwood Union Church was organized on November 19, 1903. In 1907, a one-story addition provided classrooms and a two-story addition provided a 'parlor' for the Ladies' Aid society. Extensive remodeling and another addition, which extended the building 22' closer to Oak Street, began in 1920. The front of the sanctuary became the side and the new front was back to the hill. 
The dedication was held on April 16, 1922. In 1944, a Parish House Fund was established which resulted in the purchase of the neighboring Willard Eaton property in 1952. In January, 1956, the church secured the corner lot at Oak and Main Street for further expansion, and the cornerstone of the new building was laid on September 25, 1960. The dedication took place in March, 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="18679405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679405" title="Lakeside Cemetery Chapel">
Lakeside Cemetery Chapel

The Lakeside Cemetery Chapel is a historic chapel in Lakeside Cemetery, on North Avenue in Wakefield, Massachusetts. The stone chapel, built 1913, is one of a few Neo-Gothic buildings in the town. Roughly resembling English country churches, the building has a steeply pitched slate roof, with sidewalls containing supporting buttresses. The front and rear of the chapel both have projecting entry sections that repeat the sharply pitched gable.
The chapel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18679418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679418" title="1st Light Horse Brigade">
1st Light Horse Brigade

The 1st Light Horse Brigade was a mounted infantry brigade of the First Australian Imperial Force which served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I. In 1914 the brigade formed part of the New Zealand and Australian Division but during the Dardanelles Campaign in the Battle of Gallipoli served in the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC). After being withdrawn to Egypt they served in the Anzac Mounted Division from March 1916 as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign until the end of the war.
Formation.
The 1st Light Horse Brigade was raised in response to a promise made by the Australian Government to supply a division of 20,000 Australians comprising infantry, artillery and cavalry to be used at the discretion of Britain. The 1st Light Horse Brigade was part of the 1st Contingent that was hastily put together in the middle of August 1914. The 1st Light Horse Brigade was primarily raised from recruits currently serving in the various militia light horse formations created as a consequence of the Kitchener Report 1910 and the introduction of Universal Training.
Composition.
1st Light Horse Regiment.
This Regiment was recruited exclusively from the various New South Wales militia regiments. "A" Squadron was recruited mainly from 5th Australian Light Horse (31 men) and 6th Australian Light Horse (59 men). "B" Squadron came mainly from 7th Australian Light Horse (41 men) and 11th Australian Light Horse (62 men). "C" Squadron was recruited mainly from 9th Australian Light Horse (49 men). During the course of the war, this Territorial connection was maintained regarding the reinforcements. 
2nd Light Horse Regiment.
This Regiment was recruited exclusively from the various Queensland militia regiments. "A" Squadron recruited mainly from 2nd Australian Light Horse (50 men); "B" Squadron recruited mainly from 3rd Australian Light Horse (34 men); and "C" Squadron recruited mainly from 4th Australian Light Horse (64 men) and 27th Australian Light Horse (30 men). 
3rd Light Horse Regiment.
This Regiment was a composite formation recruited from various militia regiments with South Australia providing two squadrons and Tasmania one squadron. "A" Squadron recruited mainly from the 23rd Australian Light Horse Regiment; "B" Squadron recruited mainly from 24th Australian Light Horse; "C" Squadron recruited exclusively from the 26th Australian Light Horse within Tasmania.
1st Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron.
Initially, each Regiment within the Brigade raised their own Machine Gun Section which consisted of two troops and two Maxim machine guns. This situation remained from 1914 until in July 1916, when all Regimental Machine Gun Sections were excised and brigaded to form a Machine Gun Squadron. The 1st, 2nd and 3rd Machine Gun Sections were combined to form the 1st Machine Gun Squadron under the command of the Brigade. The 1st Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron was armed with 12 machine guns. 
1st Light Horse Signal Troop.
The 1st Signal Troop was composed exclusively from the Victorian Militia 10th and 21st Signal Troops.
1st Light Horse Field Ambulance.
The 1st Light Horse Field Ambulance was formed with two sections: "A" Section recruited in Melbourne which included some 20 students from the Richmond Agricultural College; and, "B" Section recruited in Sydney and composed to a greater extent by Militia members from the 28th Light Horse Field Ambulance.
1st Light Horse Brigade Train.
The 1st Light Horse Brigade Train was primarily recruited around Brisbane and trained at Enoggera. After Gallipoli, this unit underwent some name changes from 1st Supply Section in February 1916 to 32nd Australian Army Service Corps Company in February 1917.
6th Mobile Veterinary Section.
Prior to 1916, each Regiment maintained their own Veterinary Section, usually consisting of half a troop. After the formation of the Anzac Mounted Division in 1916, the three individual Regimental Veterinary sections were brigaded to form the 6th Mobile Veterinary Section.
Artillery.
After the formation of the Anzac Mounted Division in 1916, artillery support was provided by British batteries. The first British battery attached to the Brigade was the Leicestershire Battery of III Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.). This battery remained until the re-organisation of February 1918 when the Leicester Battery was replaced by the Somerset Battery of XVIII Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.).
1st Light Horse Training Regiment.
The 1st Light Horse Training Regiment was formed in Egypt during March 1916, tasked with training incoming reinforcements while allowing the wounded and sick a place to recover before returning to active service. The Training Regiment contained three squadrons, each duplicating the Regiments within the Brigade to whom it supplied the reinforcements. The Training Regiment was disbanded in July 1918 to be replaced by the Anzac Light Horse Training Regiment when recruits were no longer tied to a Regiment but placed in a general pool of reinforcements called the General Service Reinforcements.
1st Light Horse Double Squadron.
Formed Egypt 6 July 1916 from 1st Light Horse Brigade reinforcements. It was officered and administered by the 1st Light Horse Brigade. This Double Squadron was broken up in November 1916 with the men being transferred to the newly formed Imperial Camel Corps Battalions.
Embarkation.
The Brigade embarked to Egypt during the months of September and October 1914. In Egypt additional training occurred at the Mena Camp. Subsequent embarkations of reinforcements occurred as and when sufficient recruits were gathered and prepared for movement to a war theatre.
Disbandment.
The Brigade was disbanded at Kantara, March 1919 when the various regiments within the Brigade embarked for Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="18679420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679420" title="Yavapai Downs">
Yavapai Downs

Yavapai Downs is a horse racing track in Prescott Valley, Arizona. The track hosts both thoroughbred and quarter horse racing. It announced it would not be running a 2011 season but hoped to have live racing again in 2012.
As of 1/1/2013, the track is currently in the due diligence stage of a bankruptcy purchase/partial assumption of the original loan. Once this process is complete, racing is hopeful for 2013, yet most likely targeted for 2014 under a new management & name.

</doc>
<doc id="18679424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679424" title="Temple Israel Cemetery (Wakefield, Massachusetts)">
Temple Israel Cemetery (Wakefield, Massachusetts)

Temple Israel Cemetery is a historic Jewish cemetery on North Avenue in Wakefield, Massachusetts. The cemetery was established by the Temple Israel congregation of Boston in 1859. Unlike the adjacent Lakeside Cemetery, whose landscape is of winding paths, this cemetery is laid out in a rectilinear grid. Stones are somewhat uniform in their content, often listing places of birth and death. Markers placed early in the cemetery's history are predominantly marble, while many of those placed in the 20th century are granite or limestone. The cemetery's most notable burial is that of Rabbi Joshua Liebman.
The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="18679439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679439" title="July 31">
July 31


</doc>
<doc id="18679444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679444" title="Stone Mountain (North Carolina)">
Stone Mountain (North Carolina)

Stone Mountain is the centerpiece of Stone Mountain State Park. It is a dome of exposed granite (specifically a quartz diorite to granodiorite) of Devonian age, which has intruded into the gneiss of the Precambrian Alligator Back Formation. It rises sharply over 600 feet (183 m) above the surrounding terrain. The mountain, which has an elevation of 2,305 feet (706 m) above sea level, is known for its barren sides and distinctive brown-gray color, and can be seen for miles. The mountain offers some of the best rock climbing in North Carolina, and the park's creeks and streams feature excellent brook trout fishing.
Because the mountain is the best example of a monadnock in massive granite in North Carolina it was designated a National Natural Landmark in May 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18679445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679445" title="2nd Light Horse Brigade">
2nd Light Horse Brigade

The 2nd Light Horse Brigade was a mounted infantry brigade of the First Australian Imperial Force which served in the Middle Eastern theatre of World War I. The brigade first saw action while serving in the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC)'s New Zealand and Australian Division during the Dardanelles Campaign in the Battle of Gallipoli. After being withdrawn to Egypt in February 1916 they served in the ANZAC Mounted Division from March 1916 as part of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign until the end of the war.
Formation.
The 2nd Light Horse Brigade was raised in response to a promise made by the Australian Government to supply a division of 20,000 Australians comprising infantry, artillery and cavalry to be used at the discretion of Britain. The 2nd Light Horse Brigade was part of the 2nd Contingent that was hastily put together at the beginning of September 1914. The 2nd Light Horse Brigade was primarily raised from recruits currently serving in the various militia light horse formations created as a consequence of the Kitchener Report 1910 and the introduction of Universal Training. 
The Brigade.
5th Light Horse Regiment.
This regiment was recruited exclusively from Queensland.
6th Light Horse Regiment.
This regiment was recruited exclusively from New South Wales. 
The use of a wallaby fur puggaree gave the 6th Light Horse Regiment a singular and distinctive appearance.
7th Light Horse Regiment.
Originally planned to be a composite regiment drawing squadrons from Queensland, South Australia and Western Australia, the volume of recruits changed this plan and the regiment recruits came exclusively from New South Wales.
2nd Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron.
Initially, each regiment within the Brigade raised their own Machine Gun Section which consisted of two troops and two Maxim machine guns. This situation remained from 1914 until in July 1916, when all Regimental Machine Gun Sections were excised and brigaded to form a Machine Gun Squadron. The 5th, 6th and 7th Machine Gun Sections were combined to form the 2nd Machine Gun Squadron under the command of the Brigade. The 2nd Light Horse Machine Gun Squadron was armed with 12 machine guns.
2nd Light Horse Signal Troop.
The 2nd Signal Troop was created on 1 April 1916 by drafting in four signalers from each of the 12 regiments at the Suez Canal. In addition 16 men from the Wireless troop were drafted into the 2nd Signal Troop.
2nd Light Horse Field Ambulance.
The core 2nd Light Horse Field Ambulance was formed in Brisbane with a contingent from Gympie.
2nd Light Horse Brigade Train.
The 2nd Light Horse Brigade Train was primarily recruited around Brisbane and trained at Enoggera. After Gallipoli, this unit underwent some name changes from 2nd Supply Section in February 1916 to 34th Australian Army Service Corps Company in February 1917.
7th Mobile Veterinary Section.
Prior to 1916, each Regiment maintained their own Veterinary Section, usually consisting of half a troop. After the formation of the ANZAC Mounted Division in 1916, the three individual Regimental Veterinary sections were brigaded to form the 7th Mobile Veterinary Section.
Artillery.
Artillery support was provided for the 2nd Light Horse Brigade from British batteries. The first British battery attached to the Brigade was the Somerset Battery of III Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.). This battery remained until the re-organisation of February 1918 when the Somerset Battery was replaced by the Inverness-shire Battery of XVIII Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.).
2nd Light Horse Training Regiment.
The 2nd Light Horse Training Regiment was formed in Egypt during March 1916, tasked with training incoming reinforcements while allowing the wounded and sick a place to recover before returning to active service. The Training Regiment contained three squadrons, each duplicating the regiments within the Brigade to whom it supplied the reinforcements. The Training Regiment was disbanded in July 1918 to be replaced by the Anzac Light Horse Training Regiment when recruits were no longer tied to a regiment but placed in a general pool of reinforcements called the General Service Reinforcements.
2nd Light Horse Double Squadron.
Formed Egypt 6 July 1916 from 2nd Light Horse Brigade reinforcements. It was officered and administered by the 2nd Light Horse Brigade. This Double Squadron was broken up in November 1916 with the men being transferred to the newly formed Imperial Camel Corps Battalions.
Embarkation.
The Brigade embarked to Egypt during the months of October and November 1914. In Egypt additional training occurred at the Maadi Camp. Subsequent embarkations of reinforcements occurred as and when sufficient recruits were gathered and prepared for movement to a war theatre.
Disbandment.
The Brigade was disbanded at Kantara, July 1919 when the various regiments within the Brigade embarked for Australia. As each regiment arrived at its specific home port, it was disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="18679459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679459" title="Battle of Salta">
Battle of Salta

The Battle of Salta took place on February 20, 1813 on the plains of Castañares, north of the present-day Argentina city of Salta, during the Argentine War of Independence. The Army of the North, under the command of general Manuel Belgrano, defeated for the second time the royalist troops of general Pío de Tristán, after their victory in the previous September at the Battle of Tucumán. The unconditional surrender of the royalist troops ensured Argentine control over most of the northern territories of the former Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata.
Background.
Belgrano had taken advantage of the victory at Tucumán to reinforce his army. In four months he improved the discipline of his troops, improved training and recruited sufficient men so as to duplicate their numbers. The artillery abandoned by Tristán in the previous battle helped Belgrano to fill his lack of equipment. At the beginning of January, he started a slow march towards Salta. On February 11, on the banks of the Juramento River, the army swore an oath of loyalty to the Asamblea del Año XIII which had started sessions in Buenos Aires a few days before, and to the national flag.
Tristán, in the meantime, had taken the time to fortify Portezuelo pass, the only access to the city through the hills from the southeast, a tactical advantage that supposedly would make the attempt impossible, except for the local area knowledge that the new conscripts brought to the rebels. Captain Apolinario Saravia, a local from Salta, offered to guide the army through a high path that led to Chachapoyas, which would allow them to connect with the north road that went to Jujuy, in an area where there were no similar fortifications. Under cover of rain the rebel army made a slow march through the rough terrain, hindered by the difficulty off moving equipment and artillery. On February 18 they reached a field where they encamped, while the captain, disguised as a native wrangler guided a mule train loaded with firewood to the city, with the intention of reconnoitering the positions taken by Tristán's army.
Battle.
On the 19th thanks to the intelligence from Saravia, the army marched on the morning with the intention of attacking the enemy troops the next morning at dawn. Tristán received news of the advance, and placed his troops to resist, placing a column of fusiliers on the side of San Bernardo hill, reinforced his left flank, and placed the 10 artillery pieces he had. On the morning of February 20 he ordered a march in formation, with the infantry on the center, one column of cavalry on each flank and a strong reserve led by Martín Dorrego. The first encounter went for the defenders, as the left-flank cavalry had difficulties reaching the enemy shooters due to the highly-steeped terrain. Before noon Belgrano ordered an attack by the reserves on those positions, while the artillery used grapeshot on the enemy. Dorrego, at the head of the cavalry led an advance towards the fence that surrounded the city. The tactic was successful; columns of infantry under the command of Carlos Forest, Francisco Pico and José Superí broke the enemy lines and entered the city streets, closing the royalist retreat on the center. The retreat was hindered by the same fence they had erected as part of their fortifications. Finally they congregated on the main square, where Tristán decided to surrender, ordering the ringing of the church's bells. An envoy negotiated with General Belgrano that the next day the royalists would abandon the city on formation, with war honors, after relinquishing their weapons. Belgrano guaranteed their integrity and freedom in exchange for swearing not to raise arms against the rebels. Tristán later on would change sides and fight for the independentists in Bolivia. The prisoners captured before the surrender were later freed in exchange for the men that Goyeneche had captured in Upper Peru.
The 2,786 men remaining with Tristán surrendered the next day, giving up more than 2,000 muskets, swords, pistols, carbines, 10 cannons and their supplies. The generosity of Belgrano, who embraced Tristán and allowed him to keep his command symbols – they were personal friends, having been classmates at the University of Salamanca, been roommates in Madrid and loved the same woman – would cause surprise in Buenos Aires, but the decisive victory silenced the critics and earned him a prize of 40,000 pesos granted by the Assembly. Belgrano declined, asking that the money be used instead to build schools in Tucumán, Salta, Jujuy and Tarija.
Governor Feliciano Chiclana placed a wooden cross on the common grave where the 480 royalist and 13 independentist troops were buried with the inscription "A los vencedores y vencidos" ("To the victors and the vanquished"). Today the place is marked by the February 20th monument, designed by Torcuato Tasso and made of stone from a local quarry. The reliefs on the sides were designed by the famous sculptor and local "salteña" Lola Mora.
Belgrano's army would continue to the north, to fight the forces of Joaquín de la Pezuela. Two major defeats at Vilcapugio and Ayohuma, would end the second campaign of the Army of the North.

</doc>
<doc id="18679470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679470" title="4-Methylbenzaldehyde">
4-Methylbenzaldehyde

4-Methylbenzaldehyde is a simple aromatic aldehyde. It is commercially available, but may be prepared from the Friedel-Crafts formylation of toluene with carbon monoxide and hydrogen chloride under Gattermann-Koch conditions:. 4-Methylbenzaldehyde has a cherry-like scent similar to Benzaldehyde.

</doc>
<doc id="18679497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679497" title="TruckVault's Xtreme Hunts">
TruckVault's Xtreme Hunts

TruckVault's Xtreme Huntsis a television series on the Versus Cable Network[http://www.versuscountry.com/. It first aired August 1, 2008.
Overview.
TruckVault's[http://www.truckvault.com] Xtreme Hunts is a blend of reality and extreme hunting. Each episode follows host Mark Kayser, portrayed as an average family man, undertaking the quest of extreme hunts across North America. Kayser hunts large and small game across harsh terrain and through inclement weather while providing tips on hunting, game calling, gear, physical conditioning and other topics.
The series also features a number of "Hero Hunts" to honor law enforcement heroes. 3 heroes of law enforcement were selected to film with Mark and the crew as a give back for the tireless hours of public service our men and women of public safety put in. Mark Kayser invites these outstanding individuals nominated by their peers to join him on a televised hunt as a way of thanking them for that service. These hunts take place in South Dakota, Montana and Colorado during the season and feature some great pheasant, prairie chicken and waterfowl hunts.
External links.
TruckVault's Xtreme Hunts is filmed and produced entirely in HD by Orion Multimedia. In 2009 a production change has been made and Careco will be the new producer. It airs on the Versus Network in 2008 on Fridays at 3:30 pm EDT and Saturdays at 11:30 am EDT.

</doc>
<doc id="18679505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679505" title="WFD (disambiguation)">
WFD (disambiguation)

WFD is a three letter acronym that can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="18679511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679511" title="Los Alamitos Race Course">
Los Alamitos Race Course

Los Alamitos Race Course is a horse racing track in Cypress, California. The track hosts both thoroughbred and quarter horse racing. The track has the distinction of holding four quarter horse stakes races with purses over $1 million, more than any other track in the United States. Although the track is geographically located in the city of Cypress, it has a Los Alamitos postal address (zip code 90720). Los Alamitos lies just across Katella Avenue to the south.
Early history.
Arriving from Kentucky with only $19 to his name, Frank Vessels Sr. built a fortune in the construction industry, and eventually purchased a ranch in Orange County. Racing at what is today Los Alamitos started off as match races contested on the Vessels Ranch in 1947.
The first pari-mutual meet at Los Alamitos was held in 1951. The meet lasted 11 days, closing on 15 December. It rained for ten of the eleven days of the inaugural meet. Frank Vessels and his family spent many hours during this first meet repairing rain-induced damage to the racecourse. The closing night festivities featured a world record performance by the mare Bart B S in the Miss Princess Handicap. She covered the 400 yards in a time of :20.3.
Following the first meet, Mr. Vessels sank $100,000 of his personal funds into improvements at the track and lobbied the California Horse Racing Board for a total of 16 days of racing, which he was granted. The 1952 season saw financial success as business doubled over the initial meet.
Go Man Go.
The 1955 season saw the first true superstar of Los Alamitos. A coon-tailed, roan quarter horse with a distinctive look and noticeable personality, the popularity of Go Man Go was such that huge crowds would pack the grandstands and chant the roan colt's name as he notched victory after victory.
Ed Allred.
Dr. Ed Allred's first appearance as a law student at Los Alamitos was an unheralded event. He was only at the track because he had read that the Allred Brothers (who were no relations) were racing a horse at Los Alamitos. This one day started a life long love affair that would eventually see Mr. Allred as the sole owner of Los Alamitos.
Until the 1990s, the Vessels Family had always owned Los Alamitos. However, the 1980s proved a time of great change, as the track passed from one owner to another. Finally, When Los Alamitos was put up for sale in 1990, Allred, having made his fortune owning and operating the largest privately-held chain of abortion clinics in the country, was able to acquire 50 per cent ownership, with help from RD Hubbard. 1995 saw the opening of the $5 million Vessels Club, the lavish turf club restaurant which has gained fame for the decor and food alike. The Vessels Club has even been named the top sports park restaurant in Southern California. In addition to the Vessels Club, the track has also opened such fan favorites as the Player's Club, Rodney's Bar (named after trainer Rodney Hart) and Schwanie's Grill (named for trainer Blane Schvaneveldt) under Dr. Allred's tenure.
1995 also saw the beginnings of the Los Alamitos $2 Million, a championship race for two year olds. The 2008 running was the richest non-Breeder's Cup race ever contested in California with a purse of $2,038,250. It is also the only quarter horse race in the country with a guaranteed $2,000,000 purse. Los Alamitos also offers the richest three year old quarter horse race in the country, the Los Alamitos Super Derby. In 2014, the track was expanded to and is expected to host a throughbreds-only meet with the closure of Hollywood Park

</doc>
<doc id="18679528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679528" title="Mark Kayser">
Mark Kayser

Mark Kayser is the host of the television series "TruckVault's Xtreme Hunts" on the Versus Cable Network.
Kayser graduated from South Dakota State University in May 1988 with a major in journalism and a minor in history. Mark worked his way from being an outdoor photographer for the South Dakota Department of Game, Fish and Parks, to an outdoor writer/ photographer for the South Dakota Department of Tourism, to Outdoor Promotions Manager for the same department. From there he took on a Media Relations Coordinator position where he oversaw all media relations projects including PR, which eventually led Mark to managing all media relations for the South Dakota Department of Tourism and the generation of $2.5 million annually in traceable publicity.
Kayser focused his talents next on the pen, parlaying his skill for writing into a consistent career as a freelance writer contributing to publications like: "Outdoor Life"[http://www.outdoorlife.com/indexhome.jsp], "North American Hunter", "American Hunter", "Sporting Classics" and "Bowhunter" magazine among others. Mark continues to write a Whitetail Bowhunting column for "Bowhunt America", and remains the Whitetail columnist and the conservation editor for "North American Hunter" to this day.
It wasn’t long before Kayser made the natural jump to television with video and TV appearances on: "World of Beretta" (Versus), "The Wild Rules" (ESPN), Realtree Outdoors (ESPN2), "Backroads With Ron & Raven" (ESPN2), "North American Outdoors" (ESPN2), "Tales of the Hunt" (TOC), and "Cabela’s Sportsman’s Quest" (ESPN2) among others.
Kayser is also currently co-hosting the popular series "Whitetail Revolution" that airs on Versus and launched in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18679536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679536" title="David N. Farr">
David N. Farr

David N. Farr is a British historian and schoolmaster currently at Norwich School.
Education.
Farr was educated at Queen Mary and Westfield College, London and Clare Hall, Cambridge. It was from Cambridge that he gained his PhD for a thesis detailing the life of John Lambert, which has since been published.
Books.
Notable works to date:
Schoolmaster.
Farr is Deputy Head ( Director of Studies) at Norwich School. He is a principal examiner for AQA and has written the A level text book on the period 1625-42 for the board.
Publication:

</doc>
<doc id="18679557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679557" title="Arapahoe Park">
Arapahoe Park

Arapahoe Park is a horse-racing track in Arapahoe County, 26000 East Quincy Ave, Aurora, Colorado 80016. The track hosts Thoroughbred, Quarter Horse, Paint Horse and Arabian horse racing.
The 2013 schedule will begin Memorial Day Weekend May 25–27 and go through August 18. Arapahoe Park races 39 days out of the year, Friday–Sunday. Races start at 1:00–4:00 pm with up to 12 races per day. Admission is $3 for 18; older and children 17 and under are free. 
There are many party packages to choose from during our live season. The track also hosts a variety of events for public and private use during its live and nonlive. 

</doc>
<doc id="18679562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679562" title="15 cm schwere Feldhaubitze M 14">
15 cm schwere Feldhaubitze M 14

The 15 cm schwere Feldhaubitze M 14 was a heavy howitzer which served with Austria-Hungary during World War I.
It had two crew seats mounted on the gun shield. It broke down into two loads for transport. The M 14 was modified to improve elevation and range as well as to strengthen the carriage as the M 14/16. Postwar war modifications were common to make it suitable for motor traction and to address other issues.
M 14 and M14/16 howitzers captured by Italy during the war and received as reparations after the war, when they were put into service with the designation of Obice da 149/13. Some 490 were on hand in 1939 and weapons captured by the Germans after the Italians changed sides in 1943 were used as the 15 cm sFH 400(i). Surviving weapons were impressed into German service after 1943 as the 15 cm sFH 401(i). Czech and Slovak weapons were known as the 15 cm hrubá houfnice vz. 14 and 14/16.

</doc>
<doc id="18679569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679569" title="Harmon Northrop Morse">
Harmon Northrop Morse

Harmon Northrop Morse (October 15, 1848 – September 8, 1920) was an American chemist. Today he is known as the first to have synthesized paracetamol, but this substance only became widely used as a drug decades after Morse's death. In the first half of the 20th century he was best known for his study of osmotic pressure, for which he was awarded the Avogadro Medal in 1916. The Morse equation for estimating osmotic pressure is named after him.
Life and career.
Harmon Northrop Morse was a descendent of John Morse, who came from England in 1639 and settled in New Haven. His father, Harmon Morse, was a puritan farmer, who considered all forms of recreation objectionable. Northrop's mother died at an young age, leaving behind Northrop, his brother Anson and his sister Delia.
Thanks to an endowment left by his grandmother, Northrop Morse studied chemistry at Amherst College, which he entered in 1869 and graduated in 1873. He continued his studies in Germany, and obtained a PhD in chemistry with a minor in mineralogy from the University of Göttingen in 1875. During Morse's time there, Friedrich Wöhler had officially retired from active service, and Morse's thesis adviser, and head of the Laboratory, was Hans Hübner. Nevertheless Wöhler occasionally spent part of his time in the laboratory and a few favored students, generally Americans, were given the privilege of working with him. Hübner was an organic chemist, so Morse's initial work was in that area, but later Morse would work in what is now known as physical chemistry.
Morse returned to the United States in 1875, and was given an assistantship at Amherst. There he worked for a year under Harris and Emerson. When Johns Hopkins University opened in 1876, Morse moved there as an associate of Ira Remsen, thanks in part to a letter of recommendation from Emerson. Remsen and Morse started the chemistry laboratory at Johns Hopkins together, and Morse's experience from Germany proved very valuable, as the American chemistry school was less developed at the time. Morse officially became an associate professor in 1883, a full professor of inorganic and analytical chemistry in 1892, and director of the chemical laboratory in 1908. He retired in 1916.
Morse married twice and had four children—a daughter and three sons. His, second wife, Elizabet Dennis Clark, helped him in preparing articles for publication. After his retirement, Morse became quite reclusive, seldom left his house and his health deteriorated. He died during his annual vacation in Chebeague Island, Maine—a place he often visited. He was buried at Amherst, where he also had a summer house. In his obituary, Remsen remembers Morse as "quiet and uneffusive".
Scientific legacy.
Although Johns Hopkins was a research university from the beginning, the early years of the chemistry department were marked by a lack of students and equipment. Morse was initially discouraged and spent most of his time teaching. Around the turn of the century Morse published a series of papers on the preparation of permanganic acid. This led him to study osmotic pressure. In the first half of the 20th century, the Morse name was mainly associated with his work in this area. With the help of a grant from the Carnegie Institution of Washington, he published a report entitled "The Osmotic Pressure of Aqueous Solutions", which summarized the work he performed between 1899 and 1913. For this work he was awarded the Avogadro Medal by the Academy of Sciences of Turin ("Academia della Scienze di Turino")—the academy where Avogadro had taught. The medal was a unique prize awarded on the centennial anniversary of Avogadro's law.
In 1887 Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff published his landmark paper regarding the analogy between gas pressure and the osmotic pressure of solutions, for which he won the first Nobel prize in chemistry. He derived an analogue of Gay-Lussac's law for the dependence of the osmotic pressure on absolute temperature. Van 't Hoff derived his analogy based on data from experiments that Wilhelm Pfeffer, a professor of botany, had published a decade earlier under the title "Osmotische Untersuchungen" — an account of his endeavors to measure osmotic pressure by means of porous cells lined with a semipermeable membrane consisting of copper(II)-hexacyanoferrate(II). After van 't Hoff's theory was published, experimenters had trouble to replicate Pfeffer's measurements, mainly because they could not find or make clay cells of suitable quality to support the semipermeable membrane, a problem that had affected Pfeffer as well. Furthermore, Morse showed that Pfeffer's cells were leaky at high pressure. Morse's main experimental contribution was an electrolytic method of depositing semi-permeable membranes. This technological advancement made possible the verification and correction of van 't Hoff's theory.
In a modern formulation, van 't Hoff's equation states that ΠV = nRT, where Π is the osmotic pressure, V is the volume of the solution, n is the number of moles of the solute, R is the gas constant, and T is the absolute temperature (compare with the ideal gas law). This equation can also be written as Π = cRT, where c = n/V is the molarity (mol/m3) of the solution. Morse showed experimentally that Π = bRT, where b is the molality (mol/kg) yields a better approximation of osmotic pressure. This latter equation is named after him. Using these equations one can calculate the molar mass of solutes from the osmotic pressure data.

</doc>
<doc id="18679598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679598" title="Kalasag">
Kalasag

The Kalasag is a large rectangular shield used by the natives in the Philippines. The shield is made of hardwood and is decorated with elaborate carvings. The wood comes from native trees such as the "dapdap", "polay" and "sablang". It was widely used throughout the archipelago for warfare. Datu Lapu-Lapu was reported to have used this shield during the Battle of Mactan in 1521. 
The shield is measured about 1.5 metres. Its base is composed of rattan wood which is strengthened by the application of resin. Its shape is commonly used as part of the official seal of the Philippine National Police.

</doc>
<doc id="18679601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679601" title="Michigan Department of Civil Rights">
Michigan Department of Civil Rights

Michigan Department of Civil Rights is a department of the Michigan State Government formed in 1965 to support the work of the Michigan Civil Rights Commission (Commission) of Michigan's Constitution of 1963. The Commission is the head of the department and has eight members.
The Department of Civil Rights attempts to prevent discrimination through educational programs that promote voluntary compliance with civil rights laws and investigates and resolves discrimination complaints. It also provides information and services to businesses on diversity initiatives, and equal employment law.
History.
In 1963, Michigan approved a new constitution which included the creation of the Michigan Civil Rights Commission. In 1965, a principal department was formed to support the work of the commission. In 1991, the Michigan Women's Commission was transferred to the Department from the Michigan Department of Management and Budget by the Governor's Executive Order.
By 1998, the Department besides the Commission included the Women's Commission, Indian Affairs Commission, and Commission on Spanish Speaking Affairs.
In April 2011, Governor Rick Snyder transferred from the Department of Energy, Labor and Economic Growth to the Department the Disability Concerns Commission, Division on Deaf and Hard of Hearing, Pacific American Affairs Commission and Hispanic/Latino Commission.
In January 2013, the Department issued a report on the economic effects of LGBT discrimination for the Commission to review.
Department Commissions.
Michigan Women's Commission.
The Michigan Women’s Commission (MWC) was statutorily created in 1968 1 of 1968 with the mission of improving the lives of Michigan women. The MWC consists of 15 members broadly representative of numerous fields of interest to women. The Governor, with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoints members to the Commission for three-year terms. The Governor also designates a chair and a vice chair from members of the Commission. Commission meetings are held quarterly, and the location rotates throughout the state.

</doc>
<doc id="18679615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679615" title="Nuneaton and Bedworth Council election, 2004">
Nuneaton and Bedworth Council election, 2004

Elections to Nuneaton and Bedworth Council were held on 10 June 2004. Half of the council was up for election and the Labour Party retained control of the council.
After the election, the composition of the council was

</doc>
<doc id="18679622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679622" title="Poverty and Nobility">
Poverty and Nobility

Poverty and Nobility () is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.

</doc>
<doc id="18679623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679623" title="Battle of Corpach">
Battle of Corpach

The Battle of Corpach was a Scottish clan battle in which the Clan Cameron routed the Clan Maclean. It took place around 1470 at Corpach, just north of Fort William on the west coast of Scotland.
Background.
After Alexander, Lord of the Isles was released from Tantallon Castle in 1431, he had awarded the Cameron lands around Fort William to the Macleans under John Garve Maclean of Coll, as punishment for the Camerons deserting him in 1429, before the battle of Lochaber.
Battle.
The Clan Maclean invaded and were confronted by the Camerons at Corpach. It is recorded that a young MacLean chieftain, Ewen or John Abrach, the son of John Garve Maclean of Coll was killed. The Camerons were led in the battle by their chief Ailean nan Creach, and completely routed the Maclean forces, retaining their lands. However the Macleans would attempt to dislodge them throughout the coming years. 

</doc>
<doc id="18679635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679635" title="Fintan Mundwiler">
Fintan Mundwiler

Fintan Mundwiler (born at Dietikon in Switzerland, 12 July 1835; died at St. Meinrad's Abbey, 14 February 1898) was a Swiss Benedictine, who became Abbot of St. Meinrad Archabbey, Indiana.
Life.
He studied at the monastic school of Einsiedeln in Switzerland, where he took the Benedictine habit in 1854, made profession on 14 October 1855, and was raised to the priesthood on 11 September 1859. A year later he accompanied his confrère, Martin Marty, afterwards Bishop of St. Cloud, to the newly founded monastery of St. Meinrad in Indiana. 
Having arrived there in September, 1860, he taught in the seminary and attended a few neighbouring missions. While stationed at Terre Haute, Indiana (1864), he organized the German Catholic Congregation of St. Benedict, for which he built a church in 1865. In 1869, when St. Meinrad was raised to an abbey and Father Marty became its first abbot, Father Fintan was appointed prior and master of novices.
While Abbot Marty worked among the Native Americans in Dakota (1876–80), Prior Fintan was administrator of the abbey, and, upon the resignation of the former, who had meanwhile been appointed Vicar Apostolic of Dakota, Fintan was elected Abbot of St. Meinrad on 3 February 1880, and received abbatial benediction from Silas Chatard, Bishiop of Vincennes, Indiana on 16 May 1880. 
He enlarged the college, founded the Priory of Subiaco in Arkansas and the Priory of St. Joseph in Louisiana, and obtained from Rome the permission to erect the Helvetico-American Congregation of Benedictines, of which he became the first president. When St. Meinrad's Abbey was destroyed by fire on 2 September 1887, he rebuilt the monastery on an even greater scale, founded a commercial college at Jasper, Indiana, and assisted in the foundation of the Priory of St. Gall in North Dakota. 
He was a fervent promoter of the Priests' Eucharistic League. In 1893 he took part in the Eucharistic Congress held at Jerusalem.

</doc>
<doc id="18679642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679642" title="Indiana Downs">
Indiana Downs

Indiana Downs is a horse racing track in Shelbyville, Indiana. The track hosts both thoroughbred and quarter horse racing.

</doc>
<doc id="18679645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679645" title="Nathan DeTracy">
Nathan DeTracy

Nathan DeTracy (born 1978) is an IFBB professional bodybuilder.
Standing 5'5" and averaging in weight at 182 pounds, DeTracy placed 16th as a light heavyweight in the 2006 USA NPC Bodybuilding & Figure Championships. Also in 2006,he placed seventh in the same weight class at the Los Angeles Bodybuilding, Fitness & Figure Championships. In 2007, he was the light heavyweight and overall winner in the Emerald Cup Championships.
For 2008, DeTracy changed his training routine and slimmed down to compete in the middleweight category. This strategy paid off when he took first place in that division in the 2008 NPC USA Championships. DeTracy won his pro card at the 2009 NPC Nationals, placing first in the middleweight class.
Outside of competition, DeTracy owns Evolution Fitness in Bellevue, Washington. He has also made guest posing appearances at bodybuilding and fitness expos.

</doc>
<doc id="18679660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679660" title="Upper Boat Studios">
Upper Boat Studios

Upper Boat Studios was a television studio complex operated by BBC Wales and based in Upper Boat, a village on the outskirts of Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taf, near Cardiff in Wales. The studios were officially opened on 27 July 2006 by Welsh Enterprise Minister Andrew Davies, for the purpose of producing "Doctor Who" and its spin-offs. The onsite canteen was called the 'Blue Box Cafe', referring to both its outside appearance and as a reference to the TARDIS.
By 2011, "Doctor Who" was the only programme still based at Upper Boat, following the move of several productions to the new Roath Lock studios. "Doctor Who" itself relocated to Roath Lock throughout 2012, with the last filming day at Upper Boat on 11 May 2012. The facility is not expected to be used as a studio again.

</doc>
<doc id="18679693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679693" title="Jamie Clarke">
Jamie Clarke

Jamie Clarke may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18679729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679729" title="Jirajaran languages">
Jirajaran languages

The Jirajaran languages are group of extinct languages once spoken in western Venezuela in the regions of Falcón and Lara. All of the Jirajaran languages appear to have become extinct in the early 20th Century.
Characteristics.
Based on the little documentation that exists, a number of typological characteristics are reconstructable:
Classification.
The Jirajaran languages are generally regarded as isolates. Adelaar and Muysken note certain lexical similarities with the Timotean languages and typological similarity to the Chibchan languages, but state that the data is too limited to make a definitive classification. Jahn, among others, has suggested a relation between the Jirajaran language and the Betoi languages, mostly on the basis of similar ethnonyms. Greenberg and Ruhlen classify Jirajaran as belonging to the Paezan language family, along with the Betoi languages, the Páez language, the Barbacoan languages and others.
Family Division.
Based on adequate documentation, three languages are definitively classified as belonging to the Jirajaran family:
Loukotka includes four additional languages, for which no linguistic documentation exists:

</doc>
<doc id="18679737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679737" title="E. Barrett Prettyman">
E. Barrett Prettyman

Elijah Barrett Prettyman (August 23, 1891 – August 4, 1971) was a United States federal judge.
Prettyman was born in Lexington, Virginia. Educated at Randolph-Macon College, he received a Bachelor of Arts in 1910 and a Master of Arts in 1911. He then earned a law degree from Georgetown University Law School in 1915. Prettyman began practicing law in Hopewell, Virginia in 1915. After serving as a captain in the United States Army during World War I, he spent the next 35 years either in private practice, working as a corporation counsel, or working for the U.S. Bureau of Internal Revenue (IRS). In particular, he was a special prosecutor for the IRS both in Washington, D.C. and New York City from 1919 to 1920, and later general counsel to the IRS from 1933 to 1934. 
On September 12, 1945, President Harry S. Truman appointed Prettyman to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit to fill the seat vacated by Judge Justin Miller. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 24, and received his commission on September 28. From 1958 to 1960, he served as Chief Judge of the court. He assumed senior status on April 16, 1962, and remained a senior judge until his death in 1971.
In March 1997, the E. Barrett Prettyman Federal Courthouse was named in his honor. Years earlier, Prettyman had advocated the installment of the triangular 24-foot high monument, "Trylon of Freedom", in front of the courthouse. Sculpted by Carl Paul Jennewein in 1954, the monument features excerpts and scenes from the nation’s founding documents.
Prettyman Drive in Rockville was also named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="18679740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679740" title="L'ultimo amante">
L'ultimo amante

"L'ultimo amante" is a 1955 Italian drama film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Amedeo Nazzari. It was a remake of Mattoli's 1942 film "Stasera niente di nuovo".

</doc>
<doc id="18679741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679741" title="Casablanca–Agadir expressway">
Casablanca–Agadir expressway

The Autoroute Casablanca–Agadir is a new main road in Morocco. Building began in 2000 and the road was inaugurated on 21 June 2010 by Prince Moulay Rachid.
The road is long and connects the cities of Casablanca and Agadir through the city of Marrakesh and High Atlas mountains.
Casablanca–Marrakesh.
It has been designated A7 as its identity marker. Total length is 219 km: 57 km Casablanca–Settat and 162 km Setat–Marrakech
The expressway takes its origins south of the residential area of Casablanca, at the interchange with the A5 Casablanca–El Jadida expressway. It continues south past Bouskoura and serves the Mohamed V airport with an exit. A toll station is placed just south of there. The road then circumvales the town of Berrechid serving it with an exit north of it for south-bound traffic and one south of it for north-bound traffic.
The road was opened in 2002 to Settat, and construction on the remaining part started in 2003 reaching Marrakesh in 2007. In 2005 the 17 km bypass of Settat opened. When the Marrakech–Agadir expressway opens in 2009 it will be directly connected to this A7.
The Casablanca–Marrakesh highway was completed and opened to traffic on April 17, 2007.
Toll-revenues of this road, including the Casablanca bypass, totaled 219 million dirhams, reaching 3rd spot of top earners
Marrakesh–Agadir.
Financial.
In June 2004 the Moroccan operator of expressways ADM signed an agreement with the "Hasan II Society for economic and social development" for a refinancing scheme of the ADM. This financial injection made construction of new roads possible and construction started in 2006.
The road will be a toll road or péage to pay back the investments. Also income from retailers and petrolstations along the route is taken into account.
Beside the ADM several other parties are involved. Some major investors participate for specific sections of the road or a general goal.
The main investors are (in million dirham)
Overview.
Below is a short overview of the different sub-projects, the costs (against the estimated costs) and the main contractors for that section. For some sections, only contractors for initial work are reported.
Construction.
Work is divided in several main sections, each with their own contractors and workers. Construction of a 4-lane motorway through the mountains of the High Atlas requires much structures as fly-overs, viaducts and bridges. The existing national road (route nationale) is used for transport of building material etc. Along this route new exits and side roads are constructed to several main working locations and temporary factories (concrete, storage, camp-sites for builders, etc.).
The new road crosses the existing road several times and follows more or less the same route through the mountains.
layout.
Over the full length the new autoroute will have:
The road has 8 exits/entries, 9 toll-port gates and 4 rest stops with petrol stations, cafés and a room or building for praying. Also 13 viaducts and one tunnel was built to complete the road (excluding viaducts built over the road and/or tunnels under the road for crossing inferior local roads or feet-bridges: if you include these another 100 structures can be included.
Toll road.
As (nearly) all Moroccan expressways this new section is also a toll road.
The existing national road will remain open as a toll-free alternative for the autoroute as well as allowing access to smaller villages and roads. Traveling time between Marrakech and Agadir will be reduced greatly as the autoroute allows overtaking everywhere (4 lane), bypasses villages and allows higher speeds. Possible speed on 2-lane national roads is often greatly reduced due to very slow lorries crawling up a hill while steep bends and traffic from the other side make overtaking hazardous or impossible.
The completion of the Marrakesh–Agadir section complete a north-south corridor of toll-roads / expressways that shortens the travel-distance on the route Tangier to Agadir by nearly 50 km (via toll-roads the distance is 776 and via the Route Nationale 824 km. But the biggest save is driving-time: the average traveling time Tangier–Agadir over national (free) roads is 14.5 hours while the same via the different toll-roads is under 7.5 hours

</doc>
<doc id="18679790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679790" title="Rheinmetall 12 cm leFH 08">
Rheinmetall 12 cm leFH 08

The Rheinmetall 12 cm leFH 08 was a howitzer used by Norway in World War II. It was known in Norwegian service as the 12 cm felthaubits/m09. Captured guns were given a German designation after the Invasion of Norway as the 12 cm leFH 375(n). Two batteries of Artillerie-Abteilung 477, which served in Finland during the war, were equipped with 12 cm Norwegian howitzers, which might have included these guns.

</doc>
<doc id="18679793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679793" title="Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy IV">
Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy IV

Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy IV (KAPPA IV; officially known as M.S. 302) is a public middle school in Harlem. KAPPA IV is in District 5 of the New York City Department of Education. Students from Districts 3, 5, and 6 are eligible for enrollment. KAPPA IV is the fourth incarnation of the Knowledge Is Power Program (KIPP). The replication of KIPP was made possible through Replications. The mission of Replications, Inc. is to offer superior educational opportunities to public school children who would otherwise be educated in poorly performing schools. fulfills this mission by creating, one after another, small, excellent schools.
Essential Features.
At KAPPA IV the students are known as "scholars" while the teachers are known as "professors". A school uniform is required which includes a white oxford shirt or white polo with the school emblem, navy blue pants or skirt, and black shoes. 
All subjects start with a chant to motivate scholars to work hard and focus. 
A positive reinforcement system is used to reward good behavior and smart academic choices. Scholars are given weekly KAPPA checks. Checks start at $100. If scholars go above and beyond in their courses they may receive bonuses added to their checks. However, if a scholar may receive a deduction for poor conduct or missing homework. A deduction for poor conduct or missing homework is $30 for each infraction. Throughout the school year an auction takes place or the school store is open with prizes, trips, and games supplied by the faculty and staff.
Curriculum.
All KAPPA IV scholars have a full schedule of courses. Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday school hours are from 7:30-2:45; on Monday and Friday school hours are from 7:30-2:00. All scholars take double periods of English Language Arts, Math and science along with Greek culture, Greek language, social studies,NYC, health, and character education, and physical education. 
Each subject requires a specific colored 3-ring binder to hold daily "do-nows," "objectives," and homework. Homework is expected to be given every day in each subject.
Demographics.
The Knowledge and Power Preparatory Academy IV (KAPPA IV) is a middle school with 289 students from grade 6 through grade 8. The school population comprises 39% Black, 59% Hispanic, 1% White and 1% Asian and other students. The student body 
includes 9% English language learners and 10% special education students. Boys account for 41% of the students enrolled and girls account for 59%. The average attendance rate for the school year 2006-2007 was 95.6%. The school is in receipt of Title 1 funding with 72% eligibility.

</doc>
<doc id="18679806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679806" title="Waterloo, Dorset">
Waterloo, Dorset

Waterloo is a suburb of Poole, Dorset, England. 
Once a small village near Broadstone, Waterloo is now a large housing estate. The estate was built in the early 1950s and covers an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="18679812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679812" title="Mike Eben">
Mike Eben

Michael Eben (born January 29, 1946) is a former wide receiver who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League, mainly for the Toronto Argonauts.Eben also played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ottawa Rough-Riders and Edmonton Eskimos. Eben was initially drafted by the BC lions in 1968 as the first overall draft pick in the CFL draft. Eben played college football at the University of Toronto and won the Hec Crighton Trophy in 1967 as the most outstanding Canadian university player. While playing professional football he earned his doctorate in German literature from the University of Toronto.
He taught at Upper Canada College for 22 years. Eben taught French at Sterling Hall School, an independent school in Toronto, Canada following his retirement from UCC. He now consults at various schools in the Toronto area. Married with two children, Eben has been doing voice over work and narration for radio and television for more than fifteen years. He has done numerous commercials, sports promotions and recently was a German translator on the 10 part series “The Greatest Tank Battles” featured on The History Channel.

</doc>
<doc id="18679821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679821" title="California Historical Society">
California Historical Society

The California Historical Society is the U.S. state of California's state historical society. It is located in San Francisco.
History and collections.
The California Historical Society was founded in 1871. In 1993 the organization purchased 678 Mission Street, which was formerly home to the San Francisco Builders Exchange and E.M. Hundley hardware store. 
The Society is now located statewide, is privately funded, and is a nonprofit organization. The Society operates the North Baker Research Library containing a collection of manuscripts, maps, posters, printed ephemera, books, and pamphlets. The library also features various works by Eadweard Muybridge and Ansel Adams. The Society publishes "California History", an academic journal
Museum.
Exhibits are drawn from the society's collection of historic documents, photographs and fine art.

</doc>
<doc id="18679856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679856" title="Thompson Benton Ferguson">
Thompson Benton Ferguson

Thompson Benton Ferguson (March 17, 1857February 14, 1921) was the sixth Governor of Oklahoma Territory.
Biography.
Ferguson was born on March 17, 1857, near Des Moines, Iowa. The following year, he moved to Emporia, Kansas, with his parents. His mother died in 1860, and his father enlisted in the Union Army at the beginning of the Civil War. He was raised by his older sister, was educated in public schools and by teaching, he was able to finance his course through the Kansas State Normal School at Emporia. An earnest Bible student, he was ordained as a Methodist minister and after a short time moved to Chautauqau County, Kansas. There, Ferguson taught school for nine years and married Elva Shartel on June 9, 1885, in Sedan, Kansas.
Career.
In 1889, Ferguson joined the Oklahoma Land Run and staked a claim near Oklahoma City which he later sold and returned to Sedan, Kansas.
He purchased the Sedan Republican and edited it for two years. In October 1892, He moved to Watonga, Oklahoma Territory and established the Watonga Republican newspaper which he continued to publish until his death. He was appointed Postmaster of Watonga in 1897. 
President Theodore Roosevelt appointed Ferguson Governor of Oklahoma Territory and he assumed the office on November 30,1901. He served until January 5,1906. Upon retirement, He returned to his residence in Watonga. He made two notable attempts to return to his public service.He was a candidate for U.S. Representative from Oklahoma in 1907 and the Republican candidate for Governor of Oklahoma in 1910. 
Death.
Ferguson died on February 14, 1921 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. After a formal tribute in the Chamber of the House of Representatives, his remains were returned to Watonga, and he is interred at Watonga 100F Cemetery, Watonga, Blaine County, Oklahoma USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="18679873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679873" title="Eighteen Year Olds">
Eighteen Year Olds

Eighteen Year Olds () is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Marisa Allasio.

</doc>
<doc id="18679920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679920" title="Masrik">
Masrik

Masrik may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18679922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679922" title="Shiseibyō">
Shiseibyō

The is a Confucian temple in the Wakasa district of Naha, Okinawa. It served for centuries as a major center of Chinese learning for the Ryūkyū Kingdom, and contains within its precincts the Meirindō, first public school in Okinawa.
History.
The current temple was built in 1975, as a rebuilding of an older temple located a short distance away, near what is now a major highway, Japan National Route 58.
The original temple was built in 1671-75 as a gift to the Ryūkyū Kingdom from the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing Dynasty in China. It served as the primary Confucian temple of the kingdom, and would soon become a center of learning within Kumemura, the community of scholars and bureaucrats which was the center of Chinese culture and learning in the kingdom. In 1718, local official Tei Junsoku, magistrate of Kumemura, and something of an unofficial minister of education, established the Meirindō, the first formal educational institute in the kingdom, as a center of learning for the Kumemura community of scholar-bureaucrats.
Following the abolition of the kingdom and annexation of Okinawa by Japan in 1879, the Kumemura community, along with the Meirindō school and the temple as a whole, fell into decline. The Meirindō became a municipal office and public school under the national education system established under the Meiji government. Historian George Kerr cites a July 1910 newspaper advertisement as the last evidence of public interest in annual ceremonial visits to the temple by those who had lived in the time of the Ryūkyū Kingdom.
The temple was destroyed in the 1945 battle of Okinawa and rebuilt in 1975 on the premises of the Tensonbyō, a smaller Confucian temple in the Wakasa area also destroyed in the battle.
Buildings and monuments.
The temple grounds are small, covering roughly one or two acres. The central devotion hall, called "Taiseiden" (大成殿), is a shrine not only to Confucius, but also to　Chinese philosophers Zengzi, Zisi, Yan Hui, and Mencius.
A smaller building to the left of the entrance, called the Tenson-byō (天尊廟), is devoted to those who fought to defend the country, and to Guan Yu and the Dragon King, Taoist deities and figures in Chinese folklore and mythology. The Tensonbyō was located on this site prior to 1975, when the old Kumemura Confucian temple, destroyed in World War II, was rebuilt here as the Shiseidō, incorporating the Tensonbyō into the new facility. The Tenpigū (天妃宮) next to it is devoted to Tenpi, also called Matsu or Mazu, the Taoist goddess of the sea, of sailors, navigators, and fishermen.
The Meirindō (明倫堂) lies to the right of the entrance, next to the temple offices, and currently serves as the meeting place for the local , and holds an archive of roughly 10,000 volumes ranging from historical documents related to the locality and to foreign trade, to schoolbooks.
Three memorial steles are located within the temple grounds: one to the Chūzan Confucian temple originally established in the 17th century as a gift from the Kangxi Emperor; one to Sai On, historian, government official, reformed, and royal regent at the time the temple was constructed; and one to Tei Junsoku, magistrate of Kumemura and educational force who established the Meirindō as a center of learning.

</doc>
<doc id="18679926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679926" title="The Lovers Are Losing">
The Lovers Are Losing

"The Lovers Are Losing" is a song performed and composed by English rock band Keane, released on 20 October 2008 as the second single from their third album, "Perfect Symmetry". It was played for first the time on Hit40uk on 24 August 2008.
Music video.
The music video for the song was released on 1 October, and features singer Tom Chaplin running through the wild and being shot at, with scenes of bombardments by jet aircraft.
Chart performance.
Despite being released as the first physical release taken from "Perfect Symmetry", "The Lovers Are Losing" underperformed in the UK Singles Chart and performed even worse than Keane's previous single "Spiralling" which peaked at #23 despite not being physically released. This single was to peak at a disappointing #52, making it Keane's first single to fail to dent the UK Top 40. It spent three weeks in the UK Top 100.

</doc>
<doc id="18679937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679937" title="In the Custody of Strangers">
In the Custody of Strangers

In the Custody of Strangers is a 1982 ABC made-for-TV drama film. It was directed by Robert Greenwald and written by Jennifer Miller. The film stars Martin Sheen, Jane Alexander and Emilio Estevez, the latter in his feature film debut. The film was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made for Television but lost to "Brideshead Revisited".
Plot synopsis.
Based on a true story. Danny Caldwell (Emilio Estevez) is an angry small-town teen whose father has been laid off and can't find work. His mother Sandy (Jane Alexander) works in order to provide for the family of five. Caldwell, frustrated with the town, tries to get work or leave the town to find a decent job, but often butts heads with his father (played by real-life father, Martin Sheen), whose staunch perception is that allowing his son to go to work is a threat to his masculinity. In other words, a father should provide for the family, not his wife, and certainly not the boy.
So, Danny and his father are at odds a lot and, as a result, the teen indulges in a lot of trouble, particularly a night of joyriding drunk and hitting a police car, which is what lands him in trouble. The dad supposes that maybe a night in jail is just what the kid needs to straighten up, but, due to events that happen while Danny is incarcerated, he ends up spending six weeks in jail on assault charges. Meanwhile, his father gets a job in Ohio and the family has to move. At his trial the assault charges are dropped and he is charged only with drunk driving and operating without a license. He is sentenced as time served and released. His parents realize the mistake of leaving their son in jail and tell the people in the courtroom that they really need to change how they treat children that come to them. Danny returns home to his family and their home but is forever changed by his time in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="18679945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679945" title="Lussier">
Lussier

Lussier may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18679979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679979" title="Shorewood-Troy Public Library">
Shorewood-Troy Public Library

The Shorewood-Troy Public Library serves the village of Shorewood, in the U.S. state of Illinois and its surrounding areas. The library is near the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and Illinois Route 59.
Library statistics.
2006 Information
Population served: 15,401
Circulation: 90,351
Total visits: 123,464
History.
On Monday, November 17, 1975, the Shorewood-Troy Township Library opened its doors to residents of Shorewood. The original building was a storefront in the Shorewood Plaza on US Route 52, containing over 2,000 books, magazines, cassettes and records. Originally part of the Burr Oak Library System, residents had been using the Burr Oak bookmobile as their library service since 1972.
Originally labeled as a “demonstration library”, the storefront library operated under federal grants for several years. In May 1976, the Shorewood-Troy Library District was formed, after a referendum passed establishing a library board and new tax rates.
By 1980, the community of Shorewood was outgrowing its small storefront library, so the search for a new site began. In June 1984, a library construction grant of $250,000 was awarded to the district. Land was donated just north of the Shorewood Plaza by George and William Michas and Chris Dragatsis for the new building. The official ground-breaking of the new facility was August 16, 1984. The Shorewood-Troy Public Library opened to the public the following year. In 1992–93, a lower level of the library was completed to house the Youth Services Department and a meeting room.

</doc>
<doc id="18679982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679982" title="Dave Knechtel">
Dave Knechtel

Dave Knechtel (born September 25, 1945, in Kitchener, Ontario) is a former professional Canadian football defensive tackle who played eleven seasons for three different teams in the Canadian Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="18679994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18679994" title="Avena abyssinica">
Avena abyssinica

Avena abyssinica or Ethiopian oat also known as "Ajja" by Ethiopians is a member of the family Poaceae. This grain has long been used in Ethiopia and is well adapted to the high elevations and other conditions there. Still a traditional food plant in Africa, this little-known grain has potential to improve nutrition, boost food security, foster rural development and support sustainable landcare.

</doc>
<doc id="18680008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680008" title="Zylom">
Zylom

Zylom is a distributor of casual games for PC and Mac computers, as well as for devices like mobile phones and tablets. Based in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, Zylom delivers casual games throughout Europe. 
Zylom offers both online and downloadable games through its own direct-to-consumer website www.zylom.com, which has more than 800 different games to play and download. It also has a mobile website with games for tablets and mobile devices.
Zylom is also the developer and publisher of several of its own popular casual games, such as the Delicious series, the Campfire Legends series, and Heart’s Medicine. 
Games.
The games on the Zylom website are divided into online games and downloadable games. Players can enjoy the online games for free as often as they like.
The downloadable versions of games are called Deluxe games. These are the full versions of games with all levels and options. Deluxe games can be played full-screen with no advertisements. Anyone who registers (for free) can download free trials of the Deluxe games before purchasing. 
Zylom releases new online and download games every week. Most of the games offered by Zylom are fully localized in 8 languages (English, French, Spanish, German, Dutch, Swedish, Italian and Portuguese).
The main game categories offered are:
Subscriptions.
Zylom offers two subscription models called FunPass and FunTicket. FunPass is a subscription which allows players to download and play all Deluxe games with no restrictions. In principle, it works like a library card; players can download as many games as they would like during their subscription period, but do not purchase any individual games.
At the end of 2013 Zylom introduced a new subscription type: FunTicket. FunTicket is different from FunPass, because this subscription allows players to buy and own individual games. With FunTicket, players receive a game credit every month, and an additional 30% discount on other game purchases. 
History.
Zylom was founded in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, in 2001. Due to the success of the company it expanded fast and just a couple of years later in 2006, it was acquired by the American RealNetworks Inc.. In 2011, RealNetworks came up with one name for all their game websites, GameHouse. Zylom became part of GameHouse too, but because of the popular and well-known name of the company, it stayed Zylom for their consumers. In 2012 Zylom’s in-house game studio was closed, but Zylom still continues to develop their own game titles like the Delicious series.
The nine founders of Zylom had a hard time making the website profitable in the first years. Releasing Deluxe games, advertisements, and a change of target audience was the answer. In the beginning, Zylom mainly focused on online games for young men, until extensive research revealed their games were mostly played by women. The company decided to change their target audience and focused more and more on download games that were suitable for female players. Nowadays Zylom is strongly related to www.gamehouse.com, www.realnetworks.com, and www.atrativa.com.br
Company information.
Type: Subsidiary
Founded: 2001 (Eindhoven)
Headquarters: Eindhoven, the Netherlands
Industry: Casual Games/Casual Online/Video Games Developer/Publisher/Distributor
Employees: 50 – 70
Website: www.zylom.com

</doc>
<doc id="18680028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680028" title="Qin He">
Qin He

Qin He (born December 14, 1984 in Guangxi) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who wil compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He personal best was coming 5th at the 2007 World Championships - 60kg freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18680062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680062" title="2008 BT18">
2008 BT18

2008 BT18 is a solar system asteroid, discovered on 31 January 2008 by the LINEAR program at the Lincoln Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, which research identifies Near-Earth asteroids.
On 14 July 2008, the asteroid transited within 0.0151 AU of the Earth, or 5.9 lunar distances.
On 6 and 7 July 2008, research conducted using the Arecibo Observatory produced evidence that this is a binary asteroid. The primary component has a diameter of 600 m and a rotation speed of less than 3 hours. The secondary component has a diameter of at least 200 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18680073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680073" title="I giorni più belli">
I giorni più belli

I giorni più belli (Italian: "The Best Days" or "The Most Beautiful Days") is a 1956 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Franco Interlenghi.

</doc>
<doc id="18680091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680091" title="Wang Qiang (wrestler)">
Wang Qiang (wrestler)

Wang Qiang (born April 14, 1987 in Hebei) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who wil compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was coming 1st at the 2007 National Intercity Games - 66 kg freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="18680122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680122" title="Paspalum scrobiculatum">
Paspalum scrobiculatum

Paspalum scrobiculatum, Kodo millet, is an annual grain that is grown in primarily in India, but also in the Philippines, Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, and in West Africa where it originates. It is grown as a minor crop in most of these areas, with the exception of the Deccan plateau in India where it is grown as a major food source. It is a very hardy crop that is drought tolerant and can survive on marginal soils where other crops may not survive, and can supply 450–900 kg of grain per hectare Kodo millet has large potential to provide nourishing food to subsistence farmers in Africa and elsewhere.
Description.
Kodo millet is a monocot and an annual grass that grows to heights of approximately four feet. It has an inflorescence that produces 4-6 racemes that are 4–9 cm long. Its slender, light green leaves grow to be 20 to 40 centimeters in length. The seeds it produces are very small and ellipsoidal, being approximately 1.5 mm in width and 2 mm in length; they vary in colour from being light brown to a dark grey. Kodo millet has a shallow root system which may be ideal for intercropping.
History, Geography, and Ethnography.
"Paspalum scrobiculatum var. scrobiculatum" is grown in India as an important crop, while "Paspalum scrobiculatum var. commersonii" is the wild variety indigenous to Africa. The kodo millet, also known as cow grass, rice grass, ditch millet, Native Paspalum, or Indian Crown Grass originates in tropical Africa, and it is estimated to have been domesticated in India 3000 years ago. The domestication process is still ongoing. In southern India, it is called kodo or kodra, and it is grown as an annual. It is a minor food crop eaten in many Asian countries, primarily in India where in some regions it is extremely important. It grows wild as a perennial in the west of Africa, where it is eaten as a famine food. Often it grows as a weed in rice fields. Many farmers do not mind it, as it can be harvested as an alternative crop if their primary crop fails. In the Southern United States and Hawaii, it is considered to be a noxious weed.
Growing conditions.
Kodo millet is propagated from seed, ideally in row planting instead of broadcast sowing. Its preferred soil type is a very fertile, clay-based soil. Var. "scrobiculatum" is better suited to dried conditions than its wild counterpart, which requires approximately 800–1200 mm of water annually and is well suited to sub-humid aridity conditions. With very low competition from other plants or weeds for nutrients, it can grow well in poor-nutrient soils. However, it does best in soils supplemented with a general fertilizer. The recommended dose for optimal growth is 40 kg of nitrogen plus 20 kg of phosphorus per hectare. A case study in India's Rewa district in 1997 showed a 72% increase in kodo millet grain yields as opposed to no fertilizer. It should be noted that lodging issues may accompany this. (Please see section "Other farming issues"). Kodo millet prefers full light for optimal growth, but can tolerate some partial shading. Its ideal temperature for growth is 25-27°C. It requires four months until maturity and harvesting.
Other farming issues.
The kodo millet is prone to lodging at maturity, causing loss of grain. To prevent this, limited fertilization is recommended. While plenty of fertilizer dramatically improves yields, there is the risk of lodging accompanying vigorous growth. A good balance is applying 14–22 kg of nitrogen. Lodging also occurs due to heavy rains. Kodo millet is harvested by cutting the stalk of the grass and allowing it to dry in the sun for a day or two. It is then ground to remove the husk. Weather dependency is a major issue related to proper harvesting and storage. Additionally, threshing on roads damages the grains, and husking is a very time consuming process. Kodo millets are believed by farmers to be the toughest grain to de-husk.
Stress tolerance.
The kodo millet can survive well on marginal soils; var. "scrobiculatum" requires very little water in order to grow, and thus has very good drought tolerance. It can be cultivated without an irrigation system. Farmyard manures provide adequate nutrients in terms of adding fertilizer, but kodo millets can still survive on low-nutrient soils. The wild variety is better suited to wetter conditions, and can tolerate flooded areas and swampy ground.
Major weeds, pests and diseases.
"Paspalum ergot" is a fungal disease that kodo millet is susceptible to. Hardened masses of this fungus will grow in place of the millet grain, called sclerotia. These compact fungi growths contain a chemical compound that is poisonous to humans and livestock if consumed, and potentially fatal. It causes damage to the central nervous system, causing excitability in animals and eventually loss of muscle control. If the symptoms are caught early and the animals are removed from the infected food, they have a good chance of recovery. Cleaning the seeds by winnowing them before storage may remove the fungal spores.
Consumption and uses.
In India, kodo millet is ground into flour and used to make pudding. In Africa it is cooked like rice. It is also a good choice for animal fodder for cattle, goats, pigs, sheep, and poultry. In Hawaii, var. scrobiculatum is found to grow well on hillside slopes where other grasses do not flourish. It has the potential to be grown as a food source on hillside farms. It may also have potential to be used as grass ties on hillside plots to prevent soil erosion, while also providing a famine food as a secondary purpose. It has been noted that it makes a good cover crop.
Nutritional information.
Kodo millet is a nutritious grain and a good substitute to rice or wheat. The grain is composed of 11% of protein, providing 9 grams/100 g consumed. It is an excellent source of fibre at 10 grams (37-38%), as opposed to rice, which provides 0.2/100 g, and wheat, which provides 1.2/100 g. An adequate fibre source helps combat the feeling of hunger. Kodo millet contains 66.6 g of carbohydrates and 353 kcal per 100 g of grain, comparable to other millets. It also contains 3.6 g of fat per 100 g. It provides minimal amounts of iron, at 0.5/100 mg, and minimal amounts of calcium, and 27/100 mg. Kodo millets also contain high amounts of polyphenols, an antioxidant compound.
Practical information.
If fertilizer is available, supplemented nitrogen and phosphorus in limited amounts can increase yields dramatically. Before applying fertilizer, soil pH tests should be used to make sure it ideal for proper nutrient uptake. While pH levels can vary across fields, a few may be able to appropriate a rough guess. If pH levels are not suitable, fertilizer cannot be taken up by plants and will be wasted. Planting kodo millet in rows, instead of broadcasting the seeds, will increase yields and make weeding easier. Kodo millet will grow on marginal soils, but only if it has little competition from weeds. Finally, proper cleaning of the seeds by wind winnowing will help prevent the sclerotia of fungal diseases being consumed accidentally. Kodo millet seeds can be obtained from the International Crop Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics 

</doc>
<doc id="18680135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680135" title="2002 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2002 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2002 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2002 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18680152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680152" title="Lon Keller">
Lon Keller

Henry Alonzo Keller (1907–1995), known as Lon Keller, was an American artist who specialized in sports art.
Keller created the top-hat logo for the New York Yankees in 1947, and was a program cover artist for most colleges and universities, numerous high schools, the NFL, the Brooklyn Dodgers, New York Giants, the Harlem Globetrotters, the Army, Navy and Air Force academies, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="18680158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680158" title="The Vanguard Years (Doc Watson album)">
The Vanguard Years (Doc Watson album)

The Vanguard Years is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 1995.
This four-CD collection contains 64 tracks from Watson's years on the Vanguard label recorded from 1963 to 1968. There are 16 previously un-released performances included that are live duets between Doc and his son Merle. It includes guests such as Gaither Carlton, Clarence White and Merle Travis.
Reception.
Music critic Richie Unterberger praises the release in his review for Allmusic writing "This was Doc's best period recording-wise, and certainly you couldn't hope for a better document of his virtuosity" but also qualifies his review, writing "It's too much, however, for listeners who aren't big fans; Vanguard's "Essential Doc Watson" is a more economical survey. If you are a big fan, though, you'll be especially interested in the 16 previously unreleased performances."
Mark Ray of "No Depression" wrote "By definition, The Vanguard Years is not a completist’s collection, although it is an expansive project , and much of Watson’s most popular work is represented here. More interesting, though, is the lesser-known material, on which Watson can be heard evolving his famous flatpicking style... The Vanguard Years is a definitive statement on Watson as an innovator. But it also stands as a testament to the effect a musician’s label can have on their career."

</doc>
<doc id="18680159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680159" title="Remedial education">
Remedial education

Remedial education (also known as developmental education, basic skills education, compensatory education, preparatory education, and academic upgrading) is education designed to bring underprepared students to expected skill competency levels. 
Whereas special education is designed specifically for students with special needs, remedial education can be designed for any students, with or without special needs; the defining trait is simply that they have reached a point of underpreparedness, regardless of why. For example, even people of high intelligence can be underprepared if their education was disrupted, for example, by internal displacement during civil disorder or a war.
Academic upgrading in Canada.
In Canada, the process whereby mature students take secondary school courses so that they can qualify to take post-secondary education is called academic upgrading. The Workers' Compensation Board of Nova Scotia defines academic upgrading as "programs offered to adult learners who require the academic pre-requisites needed for entry into many occupational programs." The Alberta Ministry of Enterprise and Advanced Education advises that academic upgrading can be pursued through a post-secondary institution, a school board program such as a storefront school, or via distance learning.
Remedial education in the United States.
Postsecondary remediation is delivered on both 2-year community college and 4-year university campuses in the U.S. The bulk of remedial courses focus on advancing underprepared students' literacy skills (English and reading) or math skills. However, remedial courses can also be offered for other subjects such as science or study skills.
Placement of Remedial Students in the United States.
Many students are placed into remedial courses through placement tests such as the ACT, SAT, ACCUPLACER, or COMPASS assessments. Often, each college or university sets their own score thresholds for determining whether a student must enroll in remedial courses. However, some states are moving toward a uniform standard for remedial placement cut scores. Students are required to enroll in remedial courses before advancing to a college level course in that subject. Colleges review a student's score by subject - math, English, science, etc. - and compare that score to the school's cut off. For example, a college might use a score of 19 on the ACT math section as the threshold for determining whether a student must enroll in a remedial math course or college-level math course.
Particularly at community colleges – which are open enrollment to any student with a high school degree or GED – multiple semesters of remedial coursework may be available to and required of students that enter with low placement test scores.
Whether placement tests are the most effective method of placing students is an open debate across the US. Some colleges and states are experimenting with using high school GPA "and" placement test scores to determine student course referral. A study of placement tests by the Community College Research Center in 2012 found: "Placement test scores are not especially good predictors of course grades in developmental education classes. More importantly, the tests do not have much explanatory power across a range of measures of performance including college GPA, credit accumulation, and success in gatekeeper English and math classes." Using GPA with standardized test scores may also improve the accuracy of remedial placement and limit the likelihood of placing students into additional remedial courses they may not need. North Carolina recently implemented a statewide policy that allows two-year colleges to use both placement test scores and high school GPA to place students.
Data on Student Enrollment in Remedial Courses.
Estimates on the portion of students in higher education taking remedial courses vary. At two-year colleges the percentage reported of students taking at least 1 remedial course varies from 41% to as high as 60%. Students from low-income households, African American students and Hispanic students are more likely to enroll in remedial courses. National estimates show that among two-year college students, students age 17-19 are most likely to enroll in remedial courses followed by students age 20-24 and then students age 25+.
The likelihood of remedial placement varies among states because of high school preparation, student demographics and state policies for assessing and placing students in remedial courses. Previous proportions of recent high school graduates enrolling in remedial courses at two-year colleges range from over 70% in Tennessee to 31% in North Carolina. The proportion of students enrolling in remedial courses on public, four-year college campuses is generally lower ranging from 35% in South Dakota to 5% in Washington state.
The state of Colorado issued a 2012 report on remedial placement showing that 40% of recent high school students enrolled in remedial courses at both two-year and 4- year colleges. Sixty-six (66%)of students enrolled in a two-year college and 24% of students at a four-year institution needed remediation.
Educators and researchers also question whether many of the students directed into remediation ultimately need the course work, and some studies have found that the current method of using placement tests to assign students to remedial courses may be related to over placement.
Delivery of Remedial Courses in the United States.
There is a very active debate on how colleges should deliver remedial courses to students. Students that are placed into remedial courses come to college with differing skill levels and needs for support. There is an active debate on whether students that are on the upper end of the skill spectrum may be most successful bypassing remedial coursework and enrolling in college-level courses with additional tutoring (see National Efforts to Strengthen Remediation). In contrast, students with larger skill deficiencies may require substantial math and English instruction before they can succeed in college courses. Researchers continue to investigate and make recommendations for effective remedial education models.
Currently, remedial education courses are delivered many ways across the United States: 
1) Traditional, semester-long courses;
2) Cohort models that group a class of students together in a series of remedial courses;
3) Placing students in college-level courses with mandated tutoring or supplementary instruction;
4) Modularized courses that target particularly student skills;
5) Intensive, compressed courses that accelerate student readiness;
6) Courses that integrate remedial content with occupational skills;
7) Self-guided computer based courses that adapt to student skill deficiencies;
8) Online, in computer-based, traditional semester model.
In 2011, MDRC did a review of studies on remedial education delivery and found: "Programs that show the greatest benefits with relatively rigorous documentation either mainstream developmental students into college-level courses with additional supports, provide modularized or compressed courses to allow remedial students to more quickly complete their developmental work, or offer contextualized remedial education within occupational and vocational programs."
Accelerating the pace at which students progress through remedial courses is a reform now regularly highlighted in academic research and advocacy as effective for increasing student success. Often, remedial courses do not count toward a student's graduation requirements and taking many semesters of remedial education can lengthen a student's path to graduation and take up much needed financial aid. The Community College Research Center has found that accelerating a student's remedial English requirements resulted a higher likelihood of students completing their remedial sequences, a higher likelihood of enrolling in college-level English courses and a higher likelihood of students receiving a 'C' or better in the college-level course.
Online Courses: Some colleges have explored the use of providing remedial education courses online for students; however, evidence indicates that completion of online remedial courses is lower across almost every group of students compared to in-person remedial instruction. There is also evidence that students enrolling in online remedial education are less likely than their in-person counterparts to continue on to college-level coursework in the same subject.
The methods for delivering remedial education and whether to deliver remedial education are active debates in the U.S. As Bahr (Bahr 2008a, pp. 420–421) explains, "On one hand, it fills an important niche in U.S. higher education by providing opportunities to rectify disparities generated in primary education and secondary schooling, to develop the minimum skills deemed necessary for functional participation in the economy and the democracy, and to acquire the prerequisite competencies that are crucial for negotiating college-level coursework. On the other hand, critics argue that taxpayers should not be required to pay twice for the same educational opportunities, that remediation diminishes academic standards and devalues post-secondary credentials, and that the large number of underprepared students entering colleges and universities demoralizes faculty. Following from these critiques, some have argued for a major restructuring of remediation or even the elimination of remedial programs altogether."
Research on Outcomes of Students Starting in Remedial Courses.
Depending on their skill level upon entering college, students can spend from 1 to multiple semesters working to fulfill remedial requirements before advancing to college level courses required for their degree. An example of a full sequence of math remedial courses for low-skill students might include: 1) Pre-Collegiate Math, 2) Basic Algebra, and 3) Intermediate Algebra. There are many questions about how this structure both benefits students by increasing their preparation and harms students by increasing the courses required and time needed to complete college. Thomas Bailey from the Community College Research Center describes this in a 2010 report: "For example, those with the greatest need for developmental math may be expected to enroll in and pass pre-collegiate math or arithmetic, basic algebra, and intermediate algebra, in order to prepare them forcollege-level algebra."
Complete College America, a national non-profit working on remedial education reform, reports that among remedial students at two-year colleges 62% complete their remedial course and 23% complete associated college-level courses in that subject within 2 year (for example, complete math remediation and the college-level math requirements for their degree). On 4-year college campuses, 74% of students in remedial courses complete the course, and 37% complete remediation and an associated college-level course in that subject within 2 years. The same report projects that 9.5% of two-year college students starting in remediation will graduate within 3 years, and 35.1% of 4-year college students starting in remedial courses will graduate within 6 years.
Similarly, a nationwide study of two year college students participating in remedial education found 46% of students referred to remedial reading and 33% of students in math remediation completed their remedial sequence. A substantial portion of these non-completing students – 29% in math and 16% in reading – did so because they did not pass their remedial course. Another 11% of math students and 9% of reading students exited college without ever having failed or completed a remedial course. Students that enrolled in college and were placed into a sequence of 3 or more remedial courses were the least likely to persist to a college-level course. Like in all education pathways, there are many different points at which remedial students can step out of education. Research from the Community College Research Center at Colombia University suggests that many students do not complete their remedial sequences or do not enroll in the first college-level course in that subject.
National Efforts to Strengthen Remedial Courses.
Over the last several years, a large amount of philanthropic and research attention has been directed at remedial education programs. Often, focus on remedial education is directed at 1) increasing the successful completion of remedial sequences 2) increasing the overall number of students with college degrees and certificates in the US and 3) decreasing the cost of remedial education to colleges and states.
Complete College America
A national non-profit organization, Complete College America (CCA), was established in 2009 and looks at paths to improving higher education outcomes for all students. The organization has provided large amounts of national data on the proportion of students enrolled in remedial courses across demographic groups. The organization has also worked with states to set goals for increasing college completion and making adjustments to higher education policies. Currently, CCA heavily promotes enrolling more students directly into college-level courses even though they would traditionally test into remedial courses. The organization also heavily promotes better aligning remedial courses with college-level courses, and using diverse measures of student academic standing for remedial placement.
Achieving the Dream
Originally an initiative lead by the Lumina Foundation, Achieving the Dream focuses on increasing the success of college students – particularly students of color and students from low-income backgrounds. Starting in 2004 the project funded promising, data driven approaches to strengthening remedial education coursework. Today, Achieving the Dream is its own, national organization with the same driving mission: "Achieving the Dream is a national reform network dedicated to community college student success and completion; focused primarily on helping low-income students and students of color complete their education and obtain market-valued credentials." The organization continues to fund positive interventions that move underprepared students through remediation with greater success and features a list of best practices and exemplary colleges from which other higher education administrators can learn. Achieving the Dream promotes many different promising interventions that can increase the success of students including: first-year student success courses that provide students with the skills to navigate college expectations/academics more effectively, accelerated remedial courses in math and English, student mentoring and coaching, mandatory orientations for new students and supplementary computer tutoring for remedial students. Achieving the Dream also takes an active role in state policy advocacy and is currently working in 15 states to strengthen student remedial success.
Core Principals for Transforming Remedial Education: A Joint Statement
In December 2012, The Dana Center at the University of Texas, Complete College America, Education Commission of the States, and Jobs for the Future released "Core Principals for Transforming Remedial Education: A Joint Statement" with 7 key principles for strengthening community college remedial programs. The statement's principles included: aligning remedial courses with a student's long-term area of study at the college, using multiple measures to placement students in remedial courses, requiring all students –including under-prepared students– to pick a program of study when they enter college, integrating academic support services into pre college-level coursework, creating accelerated course models with students with larger skill deficiencies, and measuring completion of remedial courses.
Strategies that accelerate students through remedial coursework and on to college-level (also called gatekeeper) courses are widely promoted as one path to increasing the success of under-prepared students.
Changes in North Carolina
In 2012, North Carolina underwent a wide scale redesign of their remedial education programs. Branded as 'Success NC', the program's Developmental Education Initiative takes steps to redesign math and reading curricula, move students through remedial courses faster and better assess and place students. NC colleges can now incorporate high school grades into their course placement decisions. Additionally, starting in 2014, all colleges will deliver remedial reading & English in 3 shorter, 8 week modules for some students while allowing higher level remedial students to enroll in college-level English courses with required supplementary English instruction.
The Gates Foundation and Lumina Foundation
In 2009 the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation appropriated $16.5 million to 15 colleges in 5 states to promote promising interventions in the remedial education. Fueled by the broader goal of increasing the number of college graduates nationwide, the Gates Foundation promoted remedial interventions that proved successful, particularly low-income students and students of color, through the Lumina Foundation's "Achieving the Dream Initiative". A host of findings, recommendations and best practices -including 25 Steps to Effective Remedial Education- from the Gates Foundation and Lumina Foundation investments are now available through the Development Education Initiative through Achieving the Dream.
Remedial education in Europe.
While remedial programmes are common in the United States, they are less common in Europe. Nevertheless, several European higher education institutes have started to offer remedial education programmes as well. One of the reasons why European universities are starting to develop remedial courses is the different situation in the two continents. In the United States, a common assumption is that remediation attracts underprepared students of low socio-economic status. Inadequate academic preparation is no longer a barrier to college access. In contrast, in Europe a large part of the transitional problems are caused by differences among national secondary educational programmes which are determined on a national level. Therefore these students are hindered to effectively start a bachelor or master programme. Remedial or developmental courses can help to bridge this gap.
The effectiveness of remedial courses.
The question that rises is whether successful completion of a remedial course guarantees students' success in college. The literature provides limited evidence for the effectiveness of remedial courses on outcomes such as persistence to graduation, quality of performance in subsequent courses, and grade point average. Many researchers claim that very little research has been conducted to investigate the effectiveness of remedial or developmental education and that research concerning the effectiveness of remedial education programmes has been sporadic, underfunded, and inconclusive and has serious methodological flaws. Recently, efforts have been made to use more rigorous research designs (e.g. regression discontinuity design) to evaluate remedial effectiveness.
Measuring the effectiveness.
One way of measuring the effectiveness of a developmental/remedial programme is to investigate whether the enrolled students actually complete the remedial courses successfully. Several researches found that underprepared students who completed remedial coursework achieve greater academic success than underprepared students who didn't complete remedial coursework or students who started college academically prepared. These findings support McCabe's statement that successfully remediated students perform well in standard college work.
Unfortunately, this measure does not take into account the "leakage" that often occurs from the beginning of a developmental program to its end. Peter Adams and Katie Hern have shown that even students who successfully complete a developmental class often drop out of school before entering credit programs.
Acceleration Programs in Developmental Education
This has led to Acceleration in Developmental Education with The Community College of Baltimore County and the California Completion Project perhaps the two leading proponents. These programs merge (in different ways) developmental classes with credit classes.
Success factors.
Kozeracki (2002) destinguishes seven commonly cited elements that are associated with student success in developmental programmes:
Other research suggests that "bridge" programs that integrate basic skills and remedial education with higher-level content or technical training can produce substantially better results than traditional remedial programs.
ICT in remedial education.
Online remedial education is defined as an instruction method using Information and communication technologies (ICT) which helps students to provide knowledge and skills necessary to succeed in university. This way, foreign students can study in their home country, which reduces their costs while at the same time offering flexibility to develop their knowledge and skills. ICT has the power to support independent learning as well as to learn irrespective of time and geographical constraints with the widespread implementation of internet.
Advantages and possibilities.
Advantages:
Disadvantages and problems.
Disadvantages:
The role of the teacher in online remedial education.
In order to provide a positive experience and to ensure the effectiveness of online remedial courses, the tutor's roles in designing and organizing the learning experience, providing technical advice and support, encouraging and facilitating discussion, encouraging participation, using a variety of forms of instruction, and resolving communication problems are crucial.
Collaborative tools.
A recent development in collaborative working and learning is the use of synchronous tools like web-videoconferences whereby learners meet online at a fixed time (synchronous) in an online classroom. While web-videoconferencing is not a new phenomenon, tools like Skype, MSN Web Messenger and Adobe Acrobat Connect allow learners to efficiently communicate using free or low cost technology such as a simple desktop computer. Until recently, such basic technology would only allow for asynchronous learning, as for example in discussion groups.
European Framework of Transitional Preparatory/Remedial Teaching.
In order to be able to compare and assess various preparatory courses in Europe, a European framework of transitional courses is necessary. By developing European Framework for Transitional Preparatory Courses (EFTPC), teachers around Europe can see how their design of their courses fit with the framework. In addition, potential improvements are identified and can be extended with the insights from the field. By using the WIKI technology, each teacher can add his/her suggestions to the EFTPC. This Framework is being developed in frame of European project STEP on Transitional Electronic Programmes http://www.transitionalstep.eu/.

</doc>
<doc id="18680163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680163" title="Theo Tran">
Theo Tran

Theo Tran (born in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is a Vietnamese American professional poker player.
Biography.
Theo Tran was born on November 4, 1981 and grew up in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Tran loved gambling from a young age and started playing poker at age 13. A group of teens a few years older than he was ran an informal dealer’s choice game and Tran got in on the “action”—ten cent antes and quarter-sized bets. The older kids usually ended up claiming most of Tran’s allowance. When Tran was 17, the film Rounders came out and he was inspired to take poker more seriously. He enrolled in college at the University of Pittsburgh, joined Phi Kappa Theta fraternity, and started hosting his own game at the frat house. The maximum bet was only $2, but Tran started doing quite well in the game, sometimes winning up to $100 in a single night. After one of his fraternity brothers, a talented limit hold’em player himself, told Tran how impressed he was by his game, Tran’s confidence in himself was buoyed enough for him to decide to take a year off from school and take a shot at playing professionally. Tran began making frequent trips to Atlantic City, but more often than not, came home penniless after tilting off what was left of his bankroll at craps or blackjack. With the encouragement of his parents, Tran returned to Pitt to finish off his last year of school.
When Tran went back to college, he discovered that his poker buddies were now playing significantly higher stakes at underground games around Pittsburgh. He decided to take a shot and ended up winning over $5,500 in a $15/30 limit hold’em game over the course of one spectacular session. Tran continued to succeed in the underground games, but often went busto not because of his skills at the table, but due to “life leaks” like sports betting. It was around that time that he started playing online as well, adopting the screen name that he still uses today “pittrounder.” Tran graduated from Pitt with degrees in communications and psychology and headed home to Allentown to enter the job market. After getting extremely close to landing what could have been a lucrative position, Tran decided to take another shot at poker, packing his bags and moving to Las Vegas with $2,800 in his pocket. Day in and day out, he ground out a living playing cash games until tournament success came calling.
In January 2006, Theo Tran won the $500 NLHE with rebuys event at the L.A. Poker Classic, infusing his bankroll with $132,793 in winnings. Only a few months later, he notched a runner-up finish in the $1,000 No-Limit Hold’em event at the WSOP-Circuit stop at Caesars Palace, banking another $37,250. Tran went on to cash three times at the 2006 WSOP, his best finish coming in the $3,000 Limit Hold’em event where he finished fourth. The Commerce Casino, however, would be where he would pick up his next two first-place finishes, in the $300 No-Limit Hold’em event at the California State Poker Championships and the $500 No-Limit Hold’em event at the 2007 L.A. Poker Classic. After a 2006 where he earned over $300,000 playing tournaments, he’d more than double his yearly haul in 2007 and come incredibly close to taking down his first WSOP bracelet. After a spring that saw him make four final tables in events on the Vegas strip, he finished as runner-up to Michael Graves in the $1,000 No-Limit Hold’em w/ Rebuys event at the 2007 WSOP, banking over $387,000. Tran wrapped out ’07 with another runner-up finish in the $1,500 No-Limit Hold’em event at the Doyle Brunson Five Diamond Classic at Bellagio, good for another $128,455. In early ’08 he came within two spots of making his first televised World Poker Tour final table back at his old stomping grounds, the Commerce Casino, finishing eighth in the $10,000 buy-in main event of the 2008 L.A. Poker Classic.
In the opening week of the 2008 World Series of Poker, Theo Tran made not one, but two final tables in large-field no-limit hold’em events. In the summer’s first $1,500 No-Limit Hold'Em event, Tran finished fourth out of 3,929 entrants, making it the largest non-Main Event live tournament field in poker history. Only days later, he finished fourth again in the $2,000 No-Limit hold’em event, which drew a field of 1,592. Tran’s combined total haul from both tournaments passed the half-million mark at $518,379, an auspicious start to his seven weeks at the Rio, where he’d cash four more times before summer’s end.
After his pair of final-table finishes at the 2008 WSOP, Tran has continued to thrive in no-limit hold’em tournaments, most recently making two final tables at the recently completed Five Star World Poker Classic at Bellagio. The avid mixed martial arts fan continues to live in Las Vegas, where can often be found clubbing the night away at one of the Strip’s nightspots, often with friends like David Williams, Nam Le and the Mizrachi brothers.
Tran currently resides in Las Vegas, Nevada, and has earned over $1.8 million in live tournaments from playing poker professionally. His 13 cashes at the WSOP account for $1,052,357 of those winnings.

</doc>
<doc id="18680164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680164" title="Home Is the Hunter">
Home Is the Hunter

Home Is the Hunter is a "" novel written by Dana Kramer-Rolls.
Plot.
Captain Kirk, commanding the USS "Enterprise", gets into a fight with a Klingon ship concerning arguments over a primitive planet and its inhabitants. A mysterious, powerful entity named 'Weyland' stops the fight and decides to punish three of the Enterprise crew with their own history.
Hikaru Sulu is sent to feudal Japan during a bloody power struggle. Scotty is sent to Scotland in the eighteenth century on the eve of revolt. Chekov is sent to his beloved homeland of Russia during World War 2. 
All three eventually make it back home to their right time and place, Sulu even managing to leave a literal mark on history with a carved message on a durable rock.

</doc>
<doc id="18680166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680166" title="Si Riguleng">
Si Riguleng

Si Riguleng (born 16 May 1980 in Inner Mongolia) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was coming 1st at the 2005 Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18680177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680177" title="Keenwild">
Keenwild

Keenwild is a duo formed by Jeney Keenwild and Bill Keenwild in the fall of 2002 that has performed at many venues across the western United States. Keenwild is based in Temecula California.
Group formation.
Keenwild formed from Superdank, a band featuring Jason Walker on guitar, that broke up in the spring of 2002. Their final show, played in Hemet, California at The Wheelhouse, had Bill singing as he fell off the stage into the crowd. Jason went on to play guitar in the Heavy Metal band Serpent Underground after leaving Superdank. Bill had been writing songs that were not at all in the style of Superdank in the spring of 2002. When he met Jeney in the fall of 2001 through a message board on the website of now defunct radio station 92.1 in San Diego the two became friends. On the way home from a Superdank show in February 2002 at Brick by Brick in San Diego, Bill heard Jeney singing to the radio in the back seat and knew he had found the new lead singer for his untitled new project.
Finding a name.
After beginning to write new songs together, Bill and Jeney knew that the name Superdank was not the correct one for this new and different project. While driving to one of Bill's favorite hiking locations in Idyllwild, California the pair were writing down random ideas when they drove past an area of the forest named 'Keenwild' and wrote down that name as well and eventually chose it.
Success.
In late 2004 the Keenwild song "Mr Pete" went to #1 on the Australian MP3.com.au charts. The song "Rivers" made it to the top 10 in the spring of 2005. Keenwild enjoyed playing the grand opening of the Temecula Dippin' Dots store that was headlined by A Change Of Pace, during the show Bill played with a broken hand until his cast broke all of the strings making it impossible to perform further.
The band, thru extensive touring, has played venues such as Modified Arts, The Electric Theater (St. George, Utah), Ridglea Theater (Fort Worth, Texas), Java Joz (murrieta, ca), Madlins (Temecula, Ca), Temecula CRC (Temecula, Ca), Water Canyon Coffee (Yucca, Ca), Beatnik Cafe (Joshua Tree, Ca), Zia Records (Tempe, Az), Santa Fe Cafe (Fullerton, Ca) The Dirt (Las Cruces, Nm) and The Boondocks (Cedar City, Ut).
In the spring of 2005 Keenwild played a sold out show in St George Utah at the Electric Theater with bands A Thorn For Every Heart and Brown Eyed Deception who later changed their name to YouInSeries after this show.
Keenwild have played shows with well-known bands such as Neon Trees, Meg and Dia, HelloGoodbye, Steel Train, Inverse, IllNoise, A Change Of Pace, YouInSeries, D.O.R.K./Animo, Halifax, Socratic, An Angle and Limbeck. 
The band has also played events like Temecula Arts Festival, Earth Day at Lake Skinner, Redlands Race for the Cure, Temecula Tractor Race, Think Pink - a Breast Cancer Benefit, Temecula Music Fest, and Rancho Damicitas Group Home Kids Concert.
Other interests.
Bill and Jeney began promoting shows in the Temecula area in 2004 at various local venues as a way to entertain high school kids. The shows have been very successful and have led to them starting the Temecula Music Fest and a weekly concert series at the local theater, The Merc. 
After the success in hosting live music and playing shows across the country with Keenwild, Bill Gould decided to run for elected office in the fall of 2007. In his first campaign and running against a former District Trustee, Bill won the election and now sits on the Romoland School Board as a Trustee.
The fall of 2010 found Jeney Kingsbury being elected to the Board of Directors of the Temecula Arts Council. Jeney currently serves as the Secretary on the Executive Board.
In the spring of 2011, Bill Gould and Jeney Kingsbury (Full Value Entertainment) sold the Temecula Music Fest to The Vault, a local Temecula concert producer. Bill and Jeney continued on as an important part of the event, Keenwild played the opening night.
July 1, 2011, after 4 years as a Trustee, Bill Gould stepped down as a Board Member of the Romoland School District. Bill cited 'personal reasons' as his reason for resigning, fueling speculation of him seeking higher office in 2012. The official reason given to the Press-Enterprise was to spend more time with the family.
At the start of Keenwild's set at the 2011 Temecula Music Fest, Bill told the crowd to register to vote (and actually vote), volunteer in the community and help lead the country; before declaring his freedom from the confines of being an elected official and tearing into an unedited version of the Keenwild hit 'Mr Pete'. This was the first time in over 4 years that Keenwild had played the song live.

</doc>
<doc id="18680179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680179" title="List of Sega pinball machines">
List of Sega pinball machines

The following is a list of pinball machines released by Sega. Sega of Japan first entered the pinball market in the early 1970s but produced their last game in 1978. Sega re-entered the market when it took over Data East's pinball division in 1994. They produced machines under the Sega name for 5 years before leaving the market again in 1999. Sega sold all pinball assets to Gary Stern, president of the division, who then founded Stern Pinball, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18680232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680232" title="Cannone da 149/35 A">
Cannone da 149/35 A

The Cannone da 149/35 A was a heavy gun which served with Italy during World War I and World War II. It was already an old-fashioned weapon when introduced around 1900. It lacked a recoil system of any kind and could not traverse. The gun recoiled up two ramps placed behind the wheels and had to be re-laid after every shot. Wheel plates were added to absorb more recoil energy and to help the gun cross soft ground. Despite these serious drawbacks it seems to have been produced in large numbers as some 895 were in Italian service on June 1940. Weapons captured by the Germans after the Italian surrender in 1943 seem to have been scrapped or ignored as there is no record of them in German service.
The 149/35 was intended to replace the older 149/23 which had been introduced in the Italian army in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="18680233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680233" title="Taylor &amp; Ng">
Taylor &amp; Ng

Taylor & Ng is an online retailer of cooking supplies. The retailer was originally a very popular department store of handcrafts that operated in San Francisco in the 1970s and 1980s. The company was founded in 1965 by artists Spaulding Taylor and Win Ng.
The department store was known for the signature designs by the sculptor, ceramicist and designer Win Ng.
Many of these products are still prized by collectors on sites like eBay.
The company also published a number of popular cookbooks which also featured the artwork of Win Ng.
The department store closed in 1985. An online retailer with the same name features reissues of old company designs.
Cookbooks.
"Dim Sum: The Delicious Secrets of Home-Cooked Chinese Tea Lunch" by Rhoda Yee. San Francisco: Taylor & Ng, 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="18680239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680239" title="GLBT Historical Society">
GLBT Historical Society

The GLBT Historical Society (for Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Transgender Historical Society) maintains an extensive archive of materials relating to the history of LGBT people in the United States, with a focus on the LGBT communities of San Francisco and Northern California. The society also sponsors The GLBT History Museum, a stand-alone museum that has attracted international attention.
Referred to as San Francisco's "queer Smithsonian," the society is one of approximately 30 LGBT archives in the United States—and is among the handful of such organizations to benefit from a paid staff and to function as a full-fledged center for exhibitions, programming, research, and production of oral histories. It is recognized by the Internal Revenue Service as a tax-exempt 501(c)3 educational association and is registered with the State of California as a nonprofit corporation.
The archives, reading room and administrative offices of the GLBT Historical Society are located at 657 Mission St., Suite 300, in San Francisco's South of Market museum district. The GLBT History Museum, which serves as a separate center for exhibitions and programs, is located at 4127 18th St. in the city's Castro neighborhood.
Organizational history.
Founding.
The Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender Historical Society was launched in the mid-1980s when Willie Walker, a nurse, realized that gay history was dying along with victims of the AIDS epidemic. Walker was actively involved in a private study group, the San Francisco Gay and Lesbian History Project, which included among its members a number of individuals who would go on to make major cultural contributions—among them historians Allan Bérubé and Estelle Freedman, independent scholar Jeffrey Escoffier, author and community organizer Amber Hollibaugh, and anthropologist and queer theorist Gayle Rubin.
Each member of the Gay and Lesbian History Project was asked to develop a major project for presentation to the group; as his contribution, Walker produced a proposal for a historical society to preserve the records of Bay Area gay and lesbian history and to make this history available to the community. With encouragement from the History Project, Walker and several other individuals subsequently announced a public meeting on March 16, 1985, to discuss founding a historical society. Some 50 individuals attended, and they voted to form the institution initially known as the San Francisco Bay Area Gay and Lesbian Historical Society.
Name changes.
Over the course of its history, the Historical Society has renamed itself twice to better reflect the scope of its holdings and the range of identities and practices represented in its collections and programs. In 1990, the organization changed its name to the Gay and Lesbian Historical Society of Northern California, thus clarifying the geographical reach of its primary collections. In 2000, responding to concerns raised by bisexual and transgender community members and their allies, the institution adopted its current name—the Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, Transgender Historical Society—to more clearly state the inclusive mission the society had pursued since it was founded. In everyday usage, the institution generally employs a short form of its name: the GLBT Historical Society.
Locations.
The archival collections of the Historical Society initially were housed in the living room of Walker's apartment at 3823 17th St. in San Francisco. In 1990, the society moved into its own space, in the basement of the Redstone Building on 16th Street near South Van Ness—a building which also housed the gay and lesbian theater company Theater Rhinoceros. The collections grew constantly, and by 1995 the Historical Society moved into a space on the fourth floor of 973 Market St.
It moved again in 2003 to a location on the third floor of a building at 657 Mission St. that also housed other cultural institutions: the Cartoon Art Museum, San Francisco Camerawork and the Catharine Clark Gallery. The space included two dedicated exhibition galleries, a reading room, a large reserve for the archival collections, and several offices for staff and volunteers. The society regularly used one of the galleries for presentation of history talks and panel discussions, many of which were videotaped for posting on the Web. In November 2010, in anticipation of the opening of its new GLBT History Museum, the society closed its galleries and program space at 657 Mission St., while maintaining its archives, reading room and administrative offices at that location.
Executive directors.
The Historical Society has had four executive directors during the course of its history. The organization was run directly by the Board of Directors from 1985 to 1998. In 1998, the board hired the first paid executive director, Susan Stryker, Ph.D. Stryker was succeeded in 2003 by an acting interim executive director, Daniel Bao, who served until the board hired Terence Kissack, Ph.D., in 2004. Kissack served until the end of 2006. The current executive director, Paul Boneberg, took over the post at the beginning of January 2007.
Archival holdings.
The GLBT Historical Society is home to one of the largest LGBT historical archives in the United States, with more than 500 manuscript collections and nearly 200 non-manuscript collections; 70 linear feet of ephemera; approximately 4,000 periodical titles; approximately 80,000 photographs; approximately 3,000 imprinted t-shirts; approximately 5,000 posters; nearly 500 oral histories; approximately 1,000 hours of recorded sound; and approximately 1,000 hours of film and video. The archives also has extensive holdings of historic textiles, works of fine and graphic arts, and artifacts.
Among the noteworthy manuscript collections are more than 200 boxes of material donated by early lesbian activists Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon. Lyon and Martin were cofounders of the Daughters of Bilitis, the first lesbian organization in the United States, and their papers at the society include the complete surviving office records of the organization. The society's holdings also include a substantial group of administrative records from the Mattachine Society, the first enduring homosexual rights organization in the United States. The records form part of the papers of Donald S. Lucas, who served as secretary of the Mattachine Society during much of its history. In addition, the society's archives house the records of José Sarria, who as a candidate in the race for the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1961 was the first openly gay person known to have run for elected office anywhere in the world.
The society likewise holds numerous manuscript collections documenting the history of transgender individuals and movements in Northern California, including the complete papers of Lou Sullivan, founder of the pioneering female-to-male transsexual organization FTM International. Holdings focused on the history of bisexuality include the typescript and research files for "Bisexuality and Androgyny: An Analysis," the 1975 master's thesis in psychology by Maggi Rubenstein, cofounder of San Francisco Sex Information and the San Francisco Bisexual Center.
The GLBT Historical Society's artifacts collection includes the personal effects of Harvey Milk, the first openly gay elected official in California. Milk's executors preserved a significant selection of his belongings after he was assassinated in 1978; they ultimately were inherited by the mother of Milk's former partner, Scott Smith (activist), who donated them to the GLBT Historical Society. The collection includes everyday objects such the battered, gold-painted kitchen table from Milk's apartment and several antique cameras that had been displayed at Castro Camera, his shop in San Francisco's Castro District. The collection also includes the suit, shirt, belt and shoes Milk was wearing when he was shot to death by assassin Dan White.
Searchable catalogs of the society's manuscript collections and periodicals holdings are available on the institution's website, and complete finding aids for the ephemera collections and many of the manuscript collections are available through the Online Archive of California (a project of the California Digital Library). 
Periodical publications.
From June 1985 through November 2007, the GLBT Historical Society published 50 issues of a print newsletter. Produced at various points in its run as a bimonthly, a quarterly and an irregularly issued periodical, the publication appeared under several titles: "San Francisco Bay Area Gay and Lesbian Historical Society Newsletter", "Newsletter of the Gay and Lesbian Historical Society of Northern California", "Our Stories" and "It's About Time." In February 2008, the print newsletter was succeeded by an ongoing monthly electronic newsletter, "History Happens." In addition, the society published three issues of a twice-yearly print journal, "Fabulas," which appeared in 2008–2009.
Pop-up museum (2008–2009).
From November 2008 through October 2009, the GLBT Historical Society sponsored a pop-up museum in the Castro District at the corner of 18th and Castro streets; the space featured an exhibition, "Passionate Struggle: Dynamics of San Francisco's GLBT History," that traced more than a century of the city's LGBT history using documents and artifacts from the society's collections. The exhibition was curated by Don Romesburg, assistant professor of women's and gender studies at Sonoma State University, and Amy Sueyoshi, associate professor of race and resistance studies and sexuality studies at San Francisco State University, with assistance from a curatorial committee of academics and independent scholars.
Among the objects displayed were a preliminary study for the "Maestrapeace" mural on the façade of the San Francisco Women's Building, the sewing machine used by designer Gilbert Baker to create the first rainbow flag, and the suit worn by openly gay San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk when he was assassinated on Nov. 27, 1978. Approximately 25,000 people from throughout the United States and around the world visited the exhibition during its 11-month run.
GLBT History Museum.
On Dec. 10, 2010, the GLBT Historical Society opened its GLBT History Museum in the Castro District for previews. Located in a storefront at 4127 18th St. near Castro Street, the space houses two historical galleries with room for public programs, a small museum shop and a reception area. The society has signed a five-year lease for the space; the extensive build-out of the museum, along with a significant discount on the monthly rent, was donated by Walgreen Company, which holds the primary lease and is using about one-quarter of the storefront to expand the operations of its adjacent satellite pharmacy. The institution is believed to be the second full-scale, stand-alone GLBT history museum in the world, following the Schwules Museum in Berlin, which opened in 1985.
Grand opening.
The grand opening of the museum took place on the evening of Jan. 13, 2011. The newly appointed interim mayor of San Francisco, Edwin M. Lee, cut a rainbow ribbon to officially inaugurate the museum; in addition, he presented a proclamation declaring the date "GLBT History Museum Day" in San Francisco. It was Lee's first appearance as mayor at a public event. Also in attendance was Scott Wiener, newly elected as the member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors for the district including the Castro neighborhood — the seat once held by Harvey Milk — as well as openly gay Supervisor David Campos, who represents the neighboring Mission District. Other guests included pioneering lesbian activist Phyllis Lyon, novelist Armistead Maupin, photographer Daniel Nicoletta, former supervisor and then mayoral candidate Bevan Dufty, and noted drag personality Donna Sachet.
The launch of the institution drew extraordinary media attention from across the United States and around the world. Thousands of newspapers, magazines, television and radio broadcasts, blogs and other outlets in at least 75 countries and 38 languages covered the opening. U.S. media that ran stories include the Huffington Post, the "Washington Post", CNN en Español, MSNBC and CBS Radio. Outside the United States, coverage included national television in Italy and Spain; radio in Belgium, Columbia and Venezuela; and newspapers and magazines such as "Emarat Al Youm" (United Arab Emirates), "Reforma" (Mexico), "Tempo Magazine (Indonesia)", the "South China Morning Post", "The Times of India" and "Večernji list" (Croatia). Links to a sampling of stories on the museum along with the full media report are available on the museum website.
Debut exhibitions.
The GLBT History Museum debuted with two multimedia exhibitions. In the larger main gallery, "Our Vast Queer Past: Celebrating San Francisco's GLBT History" traces more than 20 key themes in the past 100 years of the history of LGBT people and communities in San Francisco and the Bay Area. Curated by historians Gerard Koskovich, Don Romesburg and Amy Sueyoshi with help from seven associate curators, the show includes more than 450 objects, photographs, documents, costumes, and film and video clips. All the materials are from the society's collections, and most have never before been displayed.
Among the items in the exhibition are the 1919 honorable discharge of gay novelist Clarkson Crane, who served in World War I; the only known photograph of gay men held in the camps that the United States created for the Japanese-American internment during World War II; documents reflecting the life of female-to-male transsexual organizer and author Lou Sullivan (1950–1991); an extravagant 1983 gown worn by San Francisco drag personality the Baroness Eugenia von Dieckoff (1920–1988); and photographs, flyers and t-shirts from the lesbian sex wars of the 1980s-1990s.
In the smaller front gallery, "Great Collections From the GLBT Historical Society Archives," curated by Historical Society Executive Director Paul Boneberg, offered an introduction to the kinds of materials collected by the society. Among the items on display were a distinctive example of the society's collection of textiles: the pantsuits that Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon wore to their wedding during San Francisco's "Winter of Love" in 2004 and again in 2008 when they became the first couple to wed during the brief period when the state's high court legalized same-sex marriage in California. On exhibit as examples of the society's artifacts collections were personal belongings of Harvey Milk. In addition, the show included examples from the society's collections of ephemera; posters; periodicals; photographs; oral history interviews; and film, video and recorded sound.
Changing exhibitions.
The debut show in the front gallery of the museum closed at the end of February 2012; the museum then launched a program of periodically changing exhibitions in the space.
The first of these shows opened in early March 2012: "Life and Death in Black and White: AIDS Direct Action in San Francisco, 1985–1990." The exhibition focused on the work of five photographers — Jane Philomen Cleland, Patrick Clifton, Marc Geller, Rick Gerharter and Daniel Nicoletta — who used the medium of black-and-white film to document the emergence of militant protests in response to the AIDS epidemic in San Francisco. 
The "Bay Area Reporter" characterized the show as "a concise, laser-focused exhibition ... of 17 carefully selected black-and-white photographs," adding that it "distills the tenor of those times and provides a microcosm of what was at stake as the federal government, either out of obliviousness, callousness, prejudice or a combination of all three, turned a blind eye and deaf ear to the proliferation and devastating impact of the disease."
The Huffington Post review noted that "the exhibition highlights the pain, the rage and the bravery involved in the fight for AIDS awareness. The crisp and clean black and white photos bring a feeling of control and simplicity to a time of chaos, when an unnamed disease targeted half of the city's gay men and government agencies seemed incapable of listening. Yet in the darkest times come the brightest inspirations, as thousands of San Franciscans rose to the challenge and fought for their voices to be heard. The striking images capture protestors, students and policemen, chanting, fighting and just living their lives. In a way it is hard to believe these photos were taken so recently, from 1985-1990. And yet the photographs are good reminders of the fights we are still facing today, from marriage equality to the Occupy movement. These activists showed that civil disobedience can impact political outcomes."
In addition to the larger shows in its main and front galleries, The GLBT History Museum mounts temporary exhibits displayed for approximately one month each, most consisting of a single display case devoted to a timely topic or significant anniversary in San Francisco LGBT history. Eight such temporary exhibits took place during 2011.
Group tours.
As part of its educational mission, The GLBT History Museum offers group tours led by trained volunteer docents and occasionally by the exhibition curators. According to the museum home page, any group of 10 or more people may book a guided tour by making an appointment at least two weeks in advance. The tours have been especially popular with professors and teachers who bring their classes and with student organizations including gay-straight alliance groups from junior high schools and high schools. In its first 18 months of operation, the museum reported that it had given guided tours for more than 50 classes and student groups, including the GSA from Aragon High School in San Mateo, Calif.; classes from San Francisco State University; students from the San Francisco Police Academy; and Japanese medical students.
Funding.
Funding for the museum has come from presenting sponsor Levi's (Levi Strauss & Co.); the City and County of San Francisco; Starbucks; the Bob Ross Foundation; neighborhood merchants such as Badlands, Harvey's restaurant and bar, and Toad Hall; and numerous individual donors.
Hours & admission.
The GLBT History Museum is open Monday through Saturday, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Sunday, noon to 5 p.m. General admission is $5.00; $3.00 for students with California student ID; free for members of the GLBT Historical Society. The first Wednesday of each month, admission is free for all visitors courtesy of a sponsorship by the Bob Ross Foundation.
Associated projects.
To expand public access to its archival holdings and historical programs, the GLBT Historical Society has sponsored a number of associated projects:
Awards, honors & media recognition.
The GLBT Historical Society—and since 2011, its GLBT History Museum—have received a number of awards and honors. Following is a small sample:

</doc>
<doc id="18680286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680286" title="Carlos Padilla Maqueo">
Carlos Padilla Maqueo

Carlos Padilla Maqueo (born January 26, 1979 in Mexico City, Mexico), a very well known bass player who plays for the band ELAN, of which he officially became a member in 2003. Padilla has played many world tours and before crowds of over 35,000 people. He has recorded 4 albums with the ELAN band, selling over 1.5 million copies.
Padilla is currently one of the most sought-after bass players in Mexico and Latin America, having performed with many distinguished artists from varying genres. Padilla has recorded for TV show soundtracks, renowned recording artists from Latin America, as well as having worked as Musical Director for many years for artists signed to record labels such as Warner Music Mexico.
Padilla has vast experience with life performance. He has been playing for large crowds since he was 14 years of age and has been qualified by many critiques as one of the best live bass players from Mexico.
Padilla began playing the bass at a very early age and started to earn a living in his trade by the time he was 14. He finished his professional music education at age 21 in one of Mexico’s most prestigious music universities, graduating with honors with a vast experience in genres like Rock, Jazz and Funk, amongst many others. 
Padilla is also a big supporter of music education in Mexico and Latin America, and often lectures in different parts of the world.
Some highlights of the Elan band.
With over 1.5 million units sold, ELAN is the most successful independent Latin American band from Mexico.
In 2008, ELAN and the band made the first successful nationwide tour in Mexico with over 18 concerts.
2003-2005 Street Child 
Street Child, was the band’s first album. They were the first band from Mexico to launch their career with an album completely in English. The album was released to critical acclaim and commercial success. Though it was released in 2003, the band had been at work on this album for almost 6 years by the time of its release. On June 2003, ELAN’s first single, " Midnight", was released in Mexico on their own label, Silverlight Records (licensed through Sony Music Mexico), to unexpected response.
Street Child’s singles reached #1 in airplay in most Mexican territories. The videos went to the Top 10 Most Wanted and went to the Top 10 on the Top 20 Countdown. On Australian radio, Street Child’s singles also topped the charts. In MTV Australia, they reached the Top Ten most requested and also the #10 on the “Top 30 Countdown”.
After the release of the album, ELAN did a world tour accompanied by performances in many award shows such as the MTV Latin American award show held in Miami.
2005-2007 London Express
ELAN took a year to record the long-awaited followup to their successful Street Child album. The band's line-up consisted of drummer Michel Bitar, bass player Carlos Padilla, Jan Carlo on guitar, Elan on piano and keyboards, and for the first time, rhythm guitarist Jonathan Fraulin. Titled “London Express”, the album contained thirteen new tracks.
"Be Free" was the first single from ELAN's London Express album. The video for the "Be Free" single was directed by renowned director, animator and painter Chris Roth, and was in high rotation in Latin America's largest Music Video Networks.
This Fool's Life was the second single released from ELAN's second album, "London Express". This Fool's Life" was for several months the English-language single with the highest rotation on the radio in many Latin American countries, and one of the most listened-to English songs in countries such as Mexico. The video for This Fool's Life was also an outstanding success; it broke several records in Music Video Networks, such as Telehit, which is one of the largest music television networks in the world, broadcasting throughout Mexico, Central & South America, Europe and the United States, with a historic record breaking 12 weeks in the #1 position on the charts. In the entirety of Telehit's 13-year history, no other video has come even close to ELAN's 3 month #1 position on the chart by popular vote.
In Australia, the video for This Fool's Life debuted in the number-one position in video streaming, with over 100,000 streams for its first week in Australias' Undercover, the most important music site in Australia. This Fool's Life had almost twice the amount of views in its debut week than all other videos. A third single, Whatever it Takes, was released on November 2006.
2007 What Can Be Done At This Point
On May 8, 2007, ELAN released their third album, entitled What Can Be Done At This Point. The album consisted of 10 new original tracks, and includes the track What Can Be Done At This Point, song that gives the name to the album and offers a posthumous tribute to the crew of the space shuttle Challenger. The track contains original audio of the transmission between the Challenger and mission control of the day of the unforgettable tragedy. The rights to this audio clip were granted by NASA.
The first single from What Can Be Done At This Point is titled Don't Want You In; its video jumped straight to the Top-10 charts on Telehit. It was directed by Gulliver Parascandolo, who also directed the videos for This Fool's Life and Whatever It Takes.
On September 10, 2007, ELAN was awarded an Independent Diamond Record Award for the certified sale of 1.5 million copies of their music.
2008 Shine
On March 10, 2008, ELAN their fourth album, titled Shine. Its 2008 tour has been one of the most successful independent tours in Latin America by a truly independent band from Latin America.

</doc>
<doc id="18680287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680287" title="Orville L. Holley">
Orville L. Holley

Orville Luther Holley (May 19, 1791 Salisbury, Litchfield County, Connecticut - March 25, 1861 Albany, Albany County, New York) was an American writer, newspaper editor, historian and politician.
Life.
He was the son of Luther Holley (1752-1824) and Sarah Dakin Holley (b. 1755). He graduated as Bachelor of Arts from Harvard University in 1813.
From May 1817 to April 1819, he edited the "American Monthly Magazine and Critical Review" in New York with Horatio Bigelow.
From July 1823 to 1826, and from 1827 to 1831, he edited the "Troy Sentinel" where he published in December 1823 anonymously a poem now better known as "The Night Before Christmas" but to which he gave the title "Account of a Visit from St. Nicholas".
In 1836 he edited the "Western Repository and Genesee Advertiser" and absorbed the "Canandaigua Freeman".
As a Whig, he was New York State Surveyor General from 1838 to 1842. He was elected in 1838 by joint ballot of the State Legislature defeating the incumbent William Campbell. In 1841, he was re-elected to another term of three years, but in 1842 all state officers were removed by the new Democratic majority.
Canal Commissioner Myron Holley and President of Transylvania University Horace Holley were his brothers.

</doc>
<doc id="18680297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680297" title="Sanatório Marítimo do Norte">
Sanatório Marítimo do Norte

Sanatório Marítimo do Norte is an old sanatorium (a place where people suffering of tuberculosis were treated) placed in Praia de Valadares, a place in the parish of Valadares, in the Vila Nova de Gaia municipality in Northern Portugal.
History.
Sanatório Marítimo do Norte was built in 1916, but only opened in 1917. It was built on the seashore, because sea water is rich in iodine. This sanatorium, founded by Joaquim Gomes Ferreira Alves worked until 1978, when its founder died. After that Sanatório Marítimo do Norte was given to the Portuguese State, becoming progressively abandoned. Recently, there was created a project of rehabilitation of Sanatório Marítimo do Norte.
The building.
Sanatório Marítimo do Norte was projected by the architect Francisco de Oliveira Ferreira, who also projected the Heliântia building. This building is a candidate for an IPPAR classification.

</doc>
<doc id="18680300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680300" title="1819 in France">
1819 in France

"See also:" 
1818 in France, 
1820 in France.
Events from the year 1819 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18680380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680380" title="Bureau of Animal Industry">
Bureau of Animal Industry

The Bureau of Animal Industry was an organization that was established in the United States Department of Agriculture by an act (23 Stat. 31) on May 29, 1884. The bureau combined the research functions of the Veterinary Division and the Department of Agriculture (1881-1884) with the enforcement responsibilities of the Treasury Cattle Commission (1883-1884).
Its functions were to conduct scientific investigations, administer statutes and regulations to protect the public from infection or disease contaminated meat products, eradicate animal diseases and improve livestock quality. One of the first directors was Emil Alexander de Schweinitz, a bacteriologist who was director from 1890 to 1904.
The Bureau of Animal Industry was abolished by Secretary's Memorandum 1320, suppl. 4, on November 2, 1953. This established the Agricultural Research Service.

</doc>
<doc id="18680384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680384" title="Peppino, le modelle e chella là">
Peppino, le modelle e chella là

Peppino, le modelle e chella là is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Gino Bramieri.

</doc>
<doc id="18680386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680386" title="Lin Ming-cheng">
Lin Ming-cheng

Lin Ming-cheng (; born on January 3, 1943) is a Taiwanese banker who is a member of the seventh generation of Lin family from Banciao, one of the richest family of Taiwan. He is the only son of Lin Hsiung-cheng and a grand son of Lin Erh-kang. In June 2008, the Forbes ranked him as the 20th richest of Taiwan. Lin Ming-cheng is serving as the chairman of Hua Nan Financial Holdings, and the director of Hua Nan Bank of China.

</doc>
<doc id="18680390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680390" title="Irmantas Stumbrys">
Irmantas Stumbrys

Irmantas Stumbrys (30 May 1972 – 16 November 2000) was a Lithuanian football player who played as a midfielder. He has played for a number of first division Lithuanian teams and for some Russian sides including Zenit.
Death.
He died after getting shot in his head in Panevėžys, Lithuania. Maybe this was suicide. His body was found in his car.

</doc>
<doc id="18680426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680426" title="Cuatro Vientos">
Cuatro Vientos

Cuatro Vientos is a ward ("barrio") of Madrid belonging to the district of Latina.
Geography.
Cuatro Vientos is situated in the south-western area of central Madrid, close to the motorways A5 and M40 and to the homonymous airport.

</doc>
<doc id="18680433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680433" title="Pierre Alexandre">
Pierre Alexandre

Pierre Alexandre is a writer, a journalist and a businessman. He has found and is the CEO of New York Financial Press, a media company based in Wall Street, inside the Stock Exchange.
Education.
Born in 1964, Pierre Alexandre graduated from the Paris Institute of Political Studies (Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris) and from IPJ, a famous French journalist school.
Experience.
Pierre Alexandre is a renowned journalist and financial reporter. He is a benchmark for his profession, especially in the fields of finance and economics.
His records include working with France Info, Capital, L'Express and BFM. He was also editor in chief of Strategies.
In 2000, he becomes the correspondent in Wall Street for TF1 (the first French TV channel) and later for LCI. Now, he works with France24, the worldwide news channel, and Europe 1, a national French radio station.
In 2005, Pierre Alexandre creates New York Financial Press. NYFP produces on line videos with a financial content. With NYFP, Pierre Alexandre created an international and multilingual network, available in eight languages: French, English, Spanish, Arabic, Portuguese, Russians, Chinese and Japanese. NYFP produces videos per day on business news for an international audience, including live spots from Wall Street studios, analysis of the other markets and financial centers (Asia and Europe), as well as "ad hoc" reports on request for French and other European media outlets.
The company has closed agreements to broadcast its videos on websites such as Capital.fr, Lefigaro.fr, Lexpansion.fr, businesscenter.tv, Tradingsat.com or Agefi.ch.
With Brightcove, the company is able to distribute and syndicate its programs, for example through those platforms: Blinkx, OneCast, Clipsyndicate, CanoeTV, Reuters...
Pierre Alexandre's records also include economic intelligence reports for CEOs or politicians.
Bibliography.
Pierre Alexandre's analysis are appreciated by CEOs, investors, politicians and journalists. His four books are :

</doc>
<doc id="18680440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680440" title="Cannone da 152/45">
Cannone da 152/45

The Cannone da 152/45 was a heavy gun which served with Italy during World War I and World War II. It was an expedient mating of a naval gun barrel placed on a land carriage to fulfill the Italian Army's need for long-range counter-battery work. The carriage was placed on a firing platform which had to be dug into the ground. A pit had to be dug into the ground to allow the gun to fire at high elevations. Some 53 were in Italian service in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="18680444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680444" title="Club Deportivo Universidad Católica (multi-sports club)">
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica (multi-sports club)

The Club Deportivo Universidad Católica is a multi-sports organization from Chile representing the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile that puts together 14 sport branches, being the most famous the Football branch.
Since its foundation, the colors that identify the team are the white and the blue. While in their club's logo you can see these same colors with red, besides representing it with a cross, showing the club's catholic character.
History.
The Club's foundation was in 1908. Even though the sports activities in the university began years before, the idea from "Raúl Agüero" in 1925 to gather sport activities from the university under the same name was the beginning of the formation of what became the Club Deportivo Universidad Católica. This way, it began to act as an organized identity and totally dependent from the university on 30 August 1927, when the then director, "Monseñor Carlos Casanueva" obtained the permits to use Campos de Sports de Ñuñoa for the sporting activities of the university.
It began its participation in the University Confederation of sports in 1928, participating together with the Universidad de Concepción, the Universidad Católica de Valparaíso and the Universidad de Chile.
On 19 April 1937 the university joins the "Chilean Football Association". Because of this, a group of students from the university, got together in a house of studies in Santiago de Chile on 21 April 1937 to discuss the organization of the club. This would become the official date of foundation.
The football branch made its official debut on 13 June 1937 in the then Segunda División of Chilean professional football, in a game against Universidad de Chile, the longtime rival of the club, in the military stadium.
In the beginning part of the 1980s, it began the migration of some sporting branches to the Sporting complex named San Carlos de Apoquindo.
Branches.
Football.
The branch of football of the Sports Club Universidad Católica is the most important one of the institution, becoming one of the most successful and popular teams in Chile. The team is considered one of the three "great ones" from Chile, together with Colo-Colo and Universidad de Chile.
Basketball.
The basketball branch of the club, is the most successful team of Chilean basketball, they have won the professional top-level Chilean League championship 5 times.
The historic performance in the middle of the 1980s where they won a record 4 titles in a row, made the team "catolico" as the team with most wins in the league history. They also won the title in 2005, with the leadership of "Miguel Ureta".
Rugby.
It is one of the most important teams of Rugby in chile, having won the national tournament 18 times. For the rugby sports branch, their pants are black in both the official uniform and the alternative.
Ski.
The branch of ski of the sports club Universidad Católica was founded in 1942 because of the initiative of a group of students from the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile.
Anthem.
Its lyrics were written by "Pedro Fornazzari", "Charles Bown" and "Alberto Buccicardi", the two last were ex players from the club and directors of the magazine "revista Estadio".
Emulating the melody used by the supporters of the British club Manchester United, they gave birth to the Anthem of the institution, immortalizing the phrase ""Por la Patria, Dios y la Universidad"", which translates to "For the country, God and the University".
Sports Accommodations.
The first stadium that belonged to the university was the "Estadio Independencia", opened 14 October 1945.
Years later, the municipality of Las Condes gave, for 99 years, some land located in Santa Rosa, that later on became known as the Santa Rosa de Las Condes Sport complex.
In 1971 the club lost its stadium due to the poor economic situation of the university.
In 1972 it was introduced the first project for a new stadium, that ended up in the opening on 4 September 1988 of the Estadio San Carlos de Apoquindo.

</doc>
<doc id="18680448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680448" title="John Parker (author)">
John Parker (author)

John Parker is a British author and journalist.
Journalism.
After leaving school, he found work at the Northampton Chronicle and Echo and worked in a number of local newspapers before getting a job in the Bahamas with the Nassau Daily Tribune. After working for Life magazine, he returned to the UK to work for the Daily Mirror as a sub-editor.
Books.
He has had 35 books published in hardback, in Military and Investigative genres and biographies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18680457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680457" title="The Blimp">
The Blimp

The Blimp were a rock band formed in Glasgow, Scotland in 1998. The group comprised William Rogue (vocals, lead guitar, harmonica), Ray Alexander (Hammond organ), George Berry (vocals, drums, percussion), Gary Craig (bass guitar) and JD Allan (vocals, rhythm guitar). The Blimp released two studio albums, one live album and three singles before disbanding in July 2007.
History.
Formation.
The original line up of the band that would become The Blimp came together for the first time in late 1998. Brothers William Rogue and JD Allan, who had been in several bands together since the early 1990s, first recruited keyboard player Ray Alexander. Alexander was an old school friend and had been in the brother’s previous band, the Caffeine Cake Orchestra. Drummer Mark Brown was next on board. Brown had attended college with Rogue and was a former member of the brother’s first band, The Bodies. Bass player Gary Craig joined at the invitation of Brown soon after. Finally saxophonist Carol McBay, completed the line up.
Taking their name from a Captain Beefheart song, The Blimp performed their first gig at Strawberry Fields in Glasgow on 18 January 1999.
In the spring of 2000 Mark Brown left the band to join the Cosmic Rough Riders. Shortly after, George Berry, a former band mate of Craig, was brought in to replace Brown on drums. 
At the beginning of 2001 Carol McBay relocated to London and left the band.
Controversy.
In the spring of 2001, now with a settled line up, The Blimp began working with engineer and producer Duncan Cameron. Pleased with the result of the initial recording sessions the band released their first single, "Bad Bitch Dog Don’t Bite" on London based independent label Stuntman Recordings later that summer. Despite positive press, including The Big Issue (London edition) Single of the Week, the record was banned from radio airplay across the capital. The reason stated was the repeated use of the word 'bitch' in the lyrics.
In early 2002 The Blimp released their debut album, "Square Go", after further sessions with Cameron.
Further controversy.
Disillusioned with the perceived commercialism of Scotland's biggest summer music festival, T in the Park, The Blimp hosted a counter event in Glasgow, "J in the Dark", on 13 July 2002. The band were criticised, for the apparent reference to drug use that the event's title implied.
In the summer of 2007 the band released what would be their last album, "Easy Listening with the High Commissioner". The album's closing track, "Plastic Fuck Machine", was denied airplay by most of Scotland’s local and national radio stations. The song’s duration (over eight minutes) and content (an extended drum solo), rather than its title, were cited as the reason for lack of airplay.
Break-up.
On 14 July 2007 The Blimp made their final live appearance at Nice N Sleazy in Glasgow. The decision to break-up had been made several months previous after Rogue had decided to relocate to San Francisco.
Style.
The Blimp have much been likened to compatriots The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. The comparison, however, has more to do with Rogue’s use of Glaswegian vernacular and spoken word than any similarity in musical style. The group’s sound is primarily informed by punk, blues and funk.

</doc>
<doc id="18680458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680458" title="Keith Champagne">
Keith Champagne

Keith Champagne is an American comic artist, who has also moved into writing, and is known for his work at DC Comics.
Biography.
Keith graduated from Montville High School, Oakdale Connecticut in 1988. He is a 1994 graduate of The Joe Kubert School of Cartoon and Graphic art. Keith began working professionally as a comic book inker during his second year at the Kubert School.
Titles he has contributed to (as writer) include: JSA, Green Lantern Corps, and World War III. As an artist/inker, his work has appeared in many titles, most notably JSA, Firestorm, and Superboy.
Recently he wrote "Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters", when the license was acquired by Dynamite Entertainment.
Upcoming work includes "Ghostbusters" for IDW Publishing and "The Mighty", a creator-owned title for DC Comics, co-written with Peter Tomasi.
Keith currently lives in Mansfield Center, Connecticut.
Bibliography.
Comics work includes:

</doc>
<doc id="18680488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680488" title="Yo Frankie!">
Yo Frankie!

Yo Frankie! (code-named Apricot) is an open video game made by the Blender Institute, part of the Blender Foundation, originally scheduled for release in August 2008. It is based on the universe and characters of the free film produced earlier in 2008 by the Blender Institute, "Big Buck Bunny". Like the Blender Institute's previous open film projects, the game is made using free software. "Yo Frankie!" runs on any platform which runs Blender and Crystal Space, including GNU/Linux, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows.
The project started February 1, 2008, and development was completed at the end of July 2008. Due to technical delays, the actual DVD release date was postponed to the 14th of November. Since December 9, the game is available to download.
The name "Yo Frankie!" refers to the game's protagonist, Frank. It was suggested by Ton Roosendaal, and selected by a community vote.
The game is licensed under either the GNU GPL or LGPL, with all content being licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0.
Technology.
As with previous "open" movie projects, the game is partly designed to promote the open source modeling and animation tool Blender. The modeling, animation and level design were done in Blender. The game itself is rendered with both Blender's internal game engine and the Crystal Space 3D engine, using Python as a scripting language.
The initial decision to use Crystal Space over Blender's own built-in Game Engine was due to the perceived need to create a more "serious" game platform. The development team later partly reversed this decision, by making a new version of the game playable on the Blender Game Engine. This allows artists and level designers a more rapid workflow than rebuilding for the Crystal Space engine on every change (the Blender Game Engine only takes about 2–5 seconds to export—in Crystal Space, this can take up to a minute).
There are two versions of the game on the DVD, one with the Blender Game Engine, and a version with Crystal Space. The Blender Game Engine version of the game is titled "A Furry Vendetta", while the Crystal Space version is titled "Furry Funny Frankie". Though some of the assets for making the levels and the characters are shared, the gameplay differs between versions.
Plot.
In the game, players assume the role of Frank, the sugar glider who was the antagonist of the film "Big Buck Bunny", or Momo, a monkey created especially for this game.

</doc>
<doc id="18680489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680489" title="45 Aquilae">
45 Aquilae

45 Aquilae is the Flamsteed designation for a triple star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila. It is located away from Earth, give or take a 30 light-year margin of error, and has an apparent visual magnitude of 5.7. 
Based upon a stellar classification of A3 IV, the primary component of this system is a subgiant star that is in the process of evolving away from the main sequence. It has an orbiting companion with a period of 20.31 years and an eccentricity of 0.054. At an angular separation of 42.2 arcseconds from this pair is a 12.7 magnitude tertiary companion.

</doc>
<doc id="18680518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680518" title="Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics">
Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics

Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics () is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.
Plot.
The poor Antonio Vignanelli and Peppino Caprioli are exacerbated by hobby and foibles of their respective families, the two that cause many problems. The two are taken for fools and taken to the asylum, and in fact the director of the asylum (Aroldo Tieri) tells how the various misunderstandings that led to their hospitalization are due in reality the foibles of their families.

</doc>
<doc id="18680557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680557" title="New York Financial Press">
New York Financial Press

New York Financial Press (NYFP) is a media company founded by Pierre Alexandre and based on Wall Street.
Overview.
New York Financial Press was founded in August 2005 by Pierre Alexandre, a former Wall Street correspondent for LCI. NYFP offers financial videos in 8 different languages (English, French, Arabic, Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese and Russian), producing around 50 videos a day in high quality broadcast.
NYFP works with the New York Stock Exchange and possesses its own studios.
NYFP's editorial staff is composed of international reporters helped by steady assistants.
Services.
NYFP produces videos per day on business news for an international audience., including live spots from Wall Street studios, analysis of the other markets and financial centers (Asia and Europe), as well as "ad hoc" reports on request for French and other European media outlets.
NYFP's videos in broadcast quality are about 1'30 to 2'30 length. Videos can be seen on several broadcast channels such as France 24, on various websites and on mobile media (iPhone, mobile phones).
NYFP has closed agreements to broadcast its videos on websites such as capital.fr, lefigaro.fr, lexpansion.fr,businesscenter.tv, tradingsat.com or agefi.ch.
With Brightcove, the company is able to distribute and syndicate its programs, for example through those platforms: Blinkx, OneCast, Clipsyndicate, CanoeTV, Reuters...
New York Financial Press is specialized in macroeconomics and financial analysis but is also able to provide reports on demand in various fields: education (pedagogical videos), culture (covering special events) or new technologies.
NYFP made its name for itself through its technical provider activities and its experience in online videos.
Chronology.
August 2005: New York Financial Press is founded by Pierre Alexandre on Wall Street.
Novembre 2006: agreement between NYFP and France 24 to provide daily videos and live spot.
September 2007: NYFP supply Orange (Group France Telecom). Launching of the video stream online in French for 120 associate websites.
November 2007: beginning the TV production (provider of CNBC Italy, AFP, RFO, TF1...)
February 2008: Tradingcentral got in NYFP's capital investment.
March 2009: New York French Press became New York Financial Press. Launching the video stream in English on the main platforms (Blinkx, OneCast, Clipsyndicate, CanoeTV, Reuters...)
July 2009: NYFP provides videos for BNP Paribas's website, bnpparibas.net.
October 2009: NYFP launches new generation of websites dedicated for mobile terminals: m.bourse24.mobi and m.businesscenter.tv
December 2009: NYFP is 5 days a week on Europe 1, a French national radio station, for a report at the market close. This report is available on europe1.fr

</doc>
<doc id="18680582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680582" title="Pelince">
Pelince

Pelince () is a village in the Republic of Macedonia near Kumanovo and the border between the Republic of Macedonia and Serbia. It is in the Staro Nagoričane municipality.
The village became popular among the citizens of the Republic of Macedonia in 2004 when a new national commemorative of ASNOM was built in the village, where the annual celebration of the Macedonian statehood (The Second Ilinden of 1944) has taken place ever since. This decision was brought due to the countinious refusals by the Serbian Orthodox Church authorities to allow Macedonian delegations to visit and celebrate the holiday in the actual venue of ASNOM, the Prohor Pčinjski monastery which is on Serbian territory near the Macedonian border and near the village of Pelince. 

</doc>
<doc id="18680610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680610" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Malang">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Malang

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Malang () is a diocese located in the city of Malang in the Ecclesiastical province of Semarang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18680613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680613" title="French National Convention election, 1792">
French National Convention election, 1792

The French National Convention election elected the National Convention
The election was held in September and were the first to be held under universal suffrage. An absolute majority of the deputies elected belonged to the "Marais" party, a political faction of vague but largely moderate policies. The "Montagnards" or Jacobins received 200 seats and the republican, though more moderate Girondin faction 160 seats. The election preceded the fall of the Gironde as a political faction, mainly because of the political and social unrest following the war started by the Girondist-dominated government in the spring of 1792. 
Turnout was only 10%.

</doc>
<doc id="18680628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680628" title="Paul Stelzer">
Paul Stelzer

Dr. Paul Stelzer is an American cardiothoracic surgeon who is one of the few worldwide to routinely perform the Ross procedure – a procedure Stelzer helped establish as the standard for aortic valve replacement. Stelzer's experience with the Ross procedure is considered among the most extensive in the world.
Stelzer is currently the Co-Director of the Heart Valve Center and a senior surgeon in the Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery at Mount Sinai Hospital, and a Professor of Cardiothoracic Surgery at Mount Sinai School of Medicine, both in New York City.
Biography.
Stelzer graduated valedictorian from the Abilene Christian University in Abilene, Texas, in 1968, and from Columbia Medical School in 1972. After serving two years as the Surgeon General at the base hospital at Offut Air Force Base in Omaha, Nebraska, Stelzer completed residencies at Roosevelt Hospital and New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, both in New York City.
Stelzer's report on the Ross procedure, co-authored with Susanne Weinrauch and Robert F. Tranbaugh and published in 1997 in the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, has been cited in over 20 medical publications across the globe.
Stelzer's experience with aortic valve replacement also extends to homograft, stentless porcine and implantations of mechanical valves, and in 1999 he was awarded a U.S. patent for his minimally invasive endoscope.
Past hospital positions have included Chief of Thoracic Surgery at the Oklahoma Memorial Hospital and Chief of Cardiothoracic Surgery at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York. He served as president of the New York Society of Thoracic Surgery for the academic year 2006-2007.

</doc>
<doc id="18680629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680629" title="Tsai Hong-tu">
Tsai Hong-tu

Tsai Hong-tu (; born August 1, 1952) is a Taiwanese businessman and banker. He is a son of Tsai Wan-lin, the former richest person of Taiwan who died in 2004.
Business career.
Tsai Hong-tu is the Chairman of the Board of Cathay Financial Holdings. Inherited stakes of the Company with brothers Tsai Cheng-da and Tsai T.Y. when father Tsai Wan-lin died in 2004. Family also controls Cathay Real Estate, a Taiwan property developer. In 2010's Forbes World's Billionaires List, Tsai was ranked no. 582 in the world, side by side with brothers Tsai Cheng-da and Tsai T.Y., each with individual net worth of 1.7 Billion US Dollar.
Cathay Financial Holdings.
Cathay Financial Holding operates its businesses through banking business, which involves in deposit, loan, electronic financial services, credit card business, foreign exchange trading, trust and wealth management, financial trading and financial services, among others; life insurance business, which provides life insurance, injury insurance, health insurance, annuity insurance and investment insurance; property insurance business, which offers automobile insurance, fire insurance, flood insurance, engineering insurance and other insurances; security business, which involves in stock broking and underwriting, as well as capital investment business, which offers security distribution, investment and management consulting services.

</doc>
<doc id="18680630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680630" title="Move and I'll Shoot">
Move and I'll Shoot

"Move and I'll Shoot" () is a 1958 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Renato Rascel.

</doc>
<doc id="18680642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680642" title="Francesco Pacelli">
Francesco Pacelli

Francesco Pacelli, the older brother of Eugenio Pacelli (later Pope Pius XII) was born in Rome on February 1, 1872. He died in Rome on April 22, 1935. He was a prominent Vatican lawyer, who was appointed legal advisor of Pope Pius XI. In this role he was instrumental in negotiating the Lateran Treaty for Pope Pius XI on behalf of Cardinal Secretary Pietro Gasparri.
Background.
Francesco was in 1872 born into a family, which for most of the 19th century, was in service to the Holy See. The Pacelli family had a long tradition of legal training. His grandfather, Marcantonio Pacelli, had been minister of finance for Pope Gregory XVI and deputy minister of interior under Pope Pius IX from 1851 to 1870. He founded the "L’Osservatore Romano" on July 20, 1860. His father Filippo Pacelli, was a solicitor (lawyer) in the Congregation of the Sacred Rota. 
His brother, Eugenio Pacelli, was ordained a priest on Easter Sunday, April 2, 1899 by Bishop Francesco di Paola Cassetta — the vice-regent of Rome and a family friend. After entering Vatican service, he was also chosen by Pope Leo XIII to deliver condolences on behalf of the Vatican to Edward VII of the United Kingdom after the death of Queen Victoria. In 1908, he served as a Vatican representative on the International Eucharistic Congress in London, where he met Winston Churchill. In 1911, he represented the Holy See at the coronation of King George V. Pope Benedict XV appointed Pacelli as papal nuncio to Bavaria on April 23, 1917, consecrating him as titular Archbishop of Sardis in the Sistine Chapel on May 13, 1917, the very day, Our Lady of Fatima is believed to have first appeared to three shepherd children in Fatima, Portugal. Several years after he was appointed Nuncio to Germany, and after completion of a concordat with Bavaria, the nunciature was moved to Berlin. June 23, 1920 and 1925 respectively.
Lateran Treaty.
Francesco Pacelli was dean of the lawyers of the Rota and legal advisor to Pope Pius XI. In this role, he was instrumental in negotiating this Lateran Treaty in 1929, which reaffirmed the independence of the Papacy with the formation of Vatican City as a souvern entity. Francesco Pacelli described in his "Diario della Conciliazione " details and difficulties of these negotiations from a Vatican perspective. Pope Pius XI and Pietro Gasparri had entrusted to him the daily negotiations for the Lateran Treaty. Pacelli had over two-hundred protracted audiences with Pius XI over twenty different draft versions of the final treaty.
After long negotiations it consisted of thee parts, which were ratified June 7, 1929, ending the "Roman Question". They consisted of three documents: A political treaty recognizing the full sovereignty of the Holy See in the State of Vatican City, which was thereby established; a concordat regulating the position of the Catholic Church and the Catholic religion in the Italian state, and, a financial convention agreed on as a definitive settlement of the claims of the Holy See following the losses of its territories and property.Pius XI declared, that with the treaties negotiated by Pacelli "God had been given back to Italy and Italy to God" In gratitude for his efforts, the Pope bestowed on Francesco Pacelli the hereditary title of "Marquis." The King of Italy posthumously gave him the title "Prince." 
Eugenio and Francesco Pacelli.
After his brother Francesco had successfully concluded the historic Lateran Treaty, Eugenio Pacelli was called to Rome by Pope Pius XI and on 7 February 1930 appointed as Cardinal Secretary of State succeeding his mentor and friend Pietro Gasparri. Francesco Pacelli left the immediate Vatican service largely in light of concerns for his health problems. As he moved to Rome, Eugenio Pacelli stayed for several weeks in the house of his brother Francesco near the Vatican, because the Vatican quarters required renovations. Madre Pascalina described the atmosphere in the Pacelli home as plain but elegant. Francesco was the soul of the house, since his wife had died years earlier. Comparing the two brothers, the older Francesco Pacelli appeared to Madre Pascalina to be slightly more severe than the younger Eugenio Pacelli.
The two Pacelli brothers lived there together with the children of Francesco, Carlo, Giuseppe, a Jesuit who died shortly thereafter, Marcantonio and Giulio Pacelli. The household was in the hands of Carlo Pacelli's wife. Eugenio Pacelli lived in a small apartment within the house, which Francesco had reserved for him during his years in Germany and which he had used in previous years during his Rome visits. It consisted of two small rooms, and a chapel, where Francesco Pacelli and the family met every morning for Holy Mass and evenings for reciting the rosary.
Illness and death.
The stress of daily negotiations over the decade old Roman Question with the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini on behalf of the Holy See had effects on the health of Francesco Pacelli. He developed a progressive heart ailment which in the last years forced him to gradually reduce his work load, fully knowing the implications of his slow-down. "I attempted to serve God, his Holy Church and my family, he remarked shortly before his death. I trust, he will protect them and I hope to find a compassionate judge." Francesco Pacelli died in Rome on April 22, 1935, age sixty-three.

</doc>
<doc id="18680650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680650" title="French legislative election, 1791">
French legislative election, 1791

French legislative elections were held in September 1791 to elect the Legislative Assembly and was the first ever French election. However, only citizens paying taxes were allowed to vote. A plurality of the elected candidates were independents, but almost all were affiliated with the three political factions emerging in the new legislatve assembly; the Feuillants, the Cordeliers and the Jacobins (Montagnards, since they occupied the most elevated in the assembly). The factions were only vaguely affiliated to an organized program. The Feuillants did, however, support a constitutional monarchy, the Girondists a moderate republican policy and the Cordeliers a radical democratic constitution, supported by the lower classes. These factions predeceded the later dominant factions: the Jacobin, the Girondists and the "Marais" party, consisting mainly of moderates. 

</doc>
<doc id="18680657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680657" title="Adam Road Hospital">
Adam Road Hospital

Adam Road Hospital is a private psychiatric hospital in Singapore. The hospital employs psychiatrists, clinical and occupational psychologists, psychotherapists, counsellors, and family, marriage and sex therapists.
Adam Road Medical Centre (Former Adam Road Hospital)
Adam Road Medical Centre (ARMC) is a private psychiatric clinic providing outpatient evaluation and treatment ranging from emotional disorders to stress and interpersonal problems. It is staffed by professional psychiatrists, clinical and occupational psychologists, therapists and counsellors.
The clinic was formerly known as Adam Road Hospital which was located at Adam Road. In spite of its name, the Adam Road Medical Centre is now based at King's Arcade building along Bukit Timah Road.

</doc>
<doc id="18680670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680670" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Purwokerto">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Purwokerto

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Purwokerto () is a diocese located in the city of Purwokerto in the Ecclesiastical province of Semarang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18680671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680671" title="Obice da 149/19 modello 37">
Obice da 149/19 modello 37

The Obice da 149/19 modello 37 was a heavy howitzer which served with Italy during World War II. It was intended to replace Italy's assortment of World War I-era heavy howitzers, but this was prevented by the prolonged development time and the very slow pace of production. Despite orders totaling 1392 weapons only 147 had been built by September 1942. There were three models, the 37, 41 and 42, differing only in details. The standard tractor was the Trattore SPA TM 40. While an unremarkable design the Germans liked it enough to keep it in production with the designation of 15 cm sFH 404(i) after the Italian surrender in 1943. With the same weight it had superior range compared to the German 15 cm sFH 18. It was used by the Italian army until 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="18680674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680674" title="Ang Mo Kio – Thye Hua Kwan Hospital">
Ang Mo Kio – Thye Hua Kwan Hospital

Ang Mo Kio – Thye Hua Kwan Hospital is a private hospital in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18680679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680679" title="Camden Medical Centre">
Camden Medical Centre

Camden Medical Centre is a private medical centre in Singapore. It is located at One Orchard Boulevard near the Tanglin and Orchard Road area. It is also near two other private hospitals, Gleneagles Hospital and Mount Elizabeth Hospital.
Architectural design.
Camden Medical Centre was designed by the American architect Richard Meier, who won the Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1984. The building is shaped like a cylinder and has 18 levels.
Services.
Camden Medical Centre houses 65 specialist clinics, which offer services such as orthopaedic, plastic and cosmetic surgery, ophthalmology, obstetrics and gynaecology, ENT, psychiatry, psychology, neurology, paediatrics, dentistry, general practice, general surgery, TCM, aesthetics and physiotherapy.
Many well known medical practitioners in Singapore are based in Camden Medical Centre, including plastic surgeon Woffles Wu.

</doc>
<doc id="18680681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680681" title="East Coast Medicare Centre">
East Coast Medicare Centre

East Coast Medicare Centre is a private hospital in Singapore.
External links.
Official site

</doc>
<doc id="18680687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680687" title="HMI Balestier Hospital">
HMI Balestier Hospital

HMI Balestier Hospital is a private hospital in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18680689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680689" title="Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital">
Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital

Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital () is a private hospital in Singapore. It opened in 1910.
Overview.
Kwong Wai Shiu Hospital (KWSH) is a charitable organization committed to providing quality healthcare to the sick and needy in Singapore. With a staff strength of more than 200 employees, KWSH occupies 14 blocks in a compound. Their facilities include an In-patient Department (IPD), an Out-patient Department (OPD), a Day Rehabilitation Centre (DRC) and a Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Centre.
Most of their patients come from the lower-income families whose hospital charges are subsidized by KWSH. They are therefore heavily dependent on the public's support and donations to meet their annual operating expenses of about S$16 Million. Therefore, donations are greatly appreciated.
To serve their clients better, they have adopted Total Quality Management (TQM) to improve their standards of care and customer service. In May 2006, they were awarded ISO 9001:2008 accreditation in areas of provision of In-patient Care, Out-patient care and Day Rehabilitation including Medical Services, Nursing Services and Para-medical Services.
Services.
In-patient services available are a Nursing Home for the elderly and a Community Hospital section that provides step-down care for patients who need time to recuperate. Each is supported by a team of dedicated doctors, nurses and paramedical professionals.
Their 350-bed Nursing Home provides comprehensive and holistic medical and nursing care for the elderly whose medical conditions require long-term daily nursing care and /or who are without caregivers to look after them at home.
Their 50-bed community hospital section provides care for patients who are generally recuperating after a surgery or recovering from an acute medical condition.
1. Physiotherapy & Occupational Therapy
2. Dietary & Pharmaceutical Services
3. Ambulance Services
Eligibility Criteria for Community Hospital:

</doc>
<doc id="18680693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680693" title="Raffles Surgicentre">
Raffles Surgicentre

Raffles Surgicentre is a private hospital in Singapore. It is located on 182 Clemenceau Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="18680695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680695" title="Saint Andrew's Community Hospital">
Saint Andrew's Community Hospital

Saint Andrew's Community Hospital is a private hospital in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18680707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680707" title="Westpoint Family Hospital">
Westpoint Family Hospital

Westpoint Family Hospital is a private hospital in Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18680714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680714" title="Johns Hopkins Singapore International Medical Centre">
Johns Hopkins Singapore International Medical Centre

Johns Hopkins Singapore International Medical Centre is a hospital and a member of the National Healthcare Group in Singapore. Located in Tan Tock Seng Hospital, it was opened in 2000 and is the only facility owned and managed by Johns Hopkins Medicine International outside the United States. 
The centre has 30 inpatient beds, including a high-end presidential suite for dignitaries and an outpatient unit for chemotherapy. It services local and foreign patients from Southeast Asia and the Middle East.
Johns Hopkins Singapore International Medical Centre is part of the Cancer Therapeutics Research Group (CTRG), a research collaboration to engage the expertise of member institutions in developing novel therapies for cancer through clinical trials. The other members of the CTRG are the National University Hospital (NUH), National University of Singapore (NUS), Sydney Cancer Centre / University of Sydney, Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) and National Cancer Centre Singapore (NCCS).

</doc>
<doc id="18680716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680716" title="Jurong Medical Centre">
Jurong Medical Centre

Jurong Medical Centre is a hospital in Singapore. It is operated by Jurong Health Services Pvt Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="18680722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680722" title="Triumph Division">
Triumph Division

The Triumph Division is a team of fictional superhero characters in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The group debuted in Invincible Iron Man #2 (June 2008). They were created by writer Matt Fraction and artist Salvador Larroca.
Fictional Biography.
The Triumph Division is the premier super group of the Philippines. In the Philippines, super hero names are passed down from generation to generation along familial lines. The members of the Triumph Division train from birth to eventually assume the mantle of their predecessor. One incarnation of the Triumph Division was recently killed during a terror attack perpetrated by agents of Ezekiel Stane disguised as monks. Iron Man, as Director of S.H.I.E.L.D., attended the funeral of one of the Triumph Division members, as did Thor.
Weeks later, Iron Man visited the new Triumph Division at the Triumph Hall, the successors of those killed in the suicide bombing, after which he declared that "the Philippines are in good hands." 
Members.
Red Feather.
Red Feather is an apparent counterpart of Superman, his powers include superhuman strength, super speed and flight. The new Red Feather is now a girl counterpart probably with the same powers.
St. George.
St. George takes his name from Saint George of Lydda. St. George's abilities include superhuman srength, a high-tech sword and armour which also gives him the ability of flight. It is confirmed in Invincible Iron Man #4 that he had a son with an unknown character.
Anitun.
Anitun takes her name from the goddess Anitun Tabu (Filipino: "Anitong Tabo") from Philippine Mythology. She presumedly has wind– and rain–based powers like her namesake deity. Anitun is hinted as being divine because Thor attended her funeral; and is discussed in a brief conversation with Iron Man.
The Wishing Man.
The Wishing Man apparently has the ability to alter reality using verbal "wishes" (also seen in Invincible Iron Man #2, June 2008).
Bibliography.
Invincible Iron Man #2 (June 2008)
Invincible Iron Man #4 (August 2008)

</doc>
<doc id="18680744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680744" title="Mona's Queen">
Mona's Queen

Five ships of the Isle of Man Steam Packet Company have borne the name "Mona's Queen".

</doc>
<doc id="18680759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680759" title="William Rogue">
William Rogue

Stewart William Allan (born 13 November 1973), more familiar by his stage name, William Rogue, is a Scottish musician and actor most widely known as the principal songwriter, lead guitarist and lead vocalist with the rock band The Blimp.
Biography.
Early life.
Allan was born in Glasgow, Scotland, the second of three children. At the age of four his family moved to Johannesburg, South Africa where his father worked as an engineering draughtsman. In 1981 his father was involved in a serious car accident that led to the family returning to the United Kingdom in 1982, first to England for a short time and then to Scotland.
Allan attended Shawlands Academy secondary school in Glasgow until 1990 when he left to join the Royal Navy. He served aboard the HMS Argyll as a marine engineer for two years.
Music.
On leaving the Royal Navy in 1992 Allan enrolled on a music technology course at Stow College in Glasgow. It was here that he met long-time friend and collaborator, Mark Brown. Allan and Brown formed a band called The Bodies, which included Allan’s older brother, JD Allan, and James Clifford. Brown and Clifford would later go on to join the Cosmic Rough Riders. During the early 1990s The Bodies performed alongside other notable Scottish acts of the period including Urusei Yatsura, The Yummy Fur and Glass Onion (who would later change their name to Travis). The Bodies also made regular appearances at the Kazoo Club hosted by Alex Kapranos.
In 1994 Allan departed The Bodies to form the Caffeine Cake Orchestra with Ray Alexander, Malcolm Scott Mearns and Del Frame (later replaced by Alasdair Fisher). The Bodies continued briefly, bringing in Stephen Fleming to replace Allan on lead guitar. Fleming would eventually go on to form the Cosmic Rough Riders with Daniel Wylie. In early 1995 Allan was joined in the Caffeine Cake Orchestra by his brother, JD Allan. Until the summer of 1997 the Caffeine Cake Orchestra gigged extensively in and around Scotland, including performances alongside Mogwai, Dawn of the Replicants and Black Iron Skyline (who would later change their name to Bis), and a live television appearance on STV music programme "VJ’s".
The Blimp.
Toward the end of 1998 Allan, Alexander and JD Allan began rehearsing with Mark Brown, Gary Craig and saxophonist Carol McBay. This would constitute the original line up of The Blimp. In the spring of 2000 Brown departed to join the Cosmic Rough Riders. George Berry was brought in to replace him soon after. Berry and Craig were former members of Rust, which included Gordon Garrow and Kenny McLeod, subsequently of Eska. At the beginning of 2001 Carol McBay relocated to London and departed the band. In the spring of 2001 The Blimp began recording the first of several sessions with engineer and producer Duncan Cameron, which would be released as their debut album, "Square Go", the following year.
Controversy.
In the summer of 2001 The Blimp released their debut single "Bad Bitch Dog Don’t Bite" on London based independent label Stuntman Recordings. The single was subsequently banned from radio airplay across the capital. The reason stated was the gratuitous use of the word 'bitch' in the lyrics, despite the song clearly being about a dog. Allan’s uncompromising lyrical style and use of Glaswegian vernacular would continue to pose problems for broadcasters throughout his career.
On 13 July 2002 The Blimp hosted and curated the "J in the Dark" event in Glasgow as a counter to the T in the Park festival happening the same weekend in Balado, Perth and Kinross. Although the event was intended as a snub to the festival’s perceived commercialism the band were criticised for the apparent reference to drug use that the event's title implied.
In the autumn of 2003 The Blimp were asked to support the Sensational Alex Harvey Band at renowned Glasgow venue, King Tut's Wah Wah Hut. They would support the band again on their nationwide tour in 2005. The Blimp supported many other acts including Misty's Big Adventure, Ten Benson and Toby Jepson, and were themselves supported by acts who went on to become more widely known, most notably, The Law and Glasvegas. In the winter of 2007 The Blimp began work on what would be their last studio album, "Easy Listening with the High Commissioner". Released in the summer of the same year, the album’s closing number, "Plastic Fuck Machine", was deemed unplayable by radio stations, due in part to the songs title but mostly because of George Berry’s effect laden drum solo that dominates the track. The Blimp made their final live appearance at Nice N Sleazy in Glasgow on 14 July 2007.
Solo.
Allan released his debut solo album, "Doodles & Sketches", featuring collaborations with Mark Brown, James Clifford and JD Allan, in late 2007. He continues to write, record and release new material as William Rogue.
Acting.
Allan is an alumnus of the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. In his first film role he featured in the BAFTA award-winning short film, "Sex & Death". His theatre roles have included the lead in Christopher Marlowe's "Edward II", Vladimir in Samuel Beckett's "Waiting For Godot" and a solo performance of Eric Bogosian's "Sex, Drugs, Rock & Roll". He has also appeared in several television series, including the BBC's "Hamish Macbeth" and "Feel the Force". His most recent film work includes the Kodak award-winning short film, "Stranger Things".
Allan currently lives in San Francisco, California with his with wife, the writer Fiona G. Parrott, and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="18680766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680766" title="Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom">
Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom

Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom is a 1995 documentary directed by Ronald Levaco, an American filmmaker who journeyed back to China, the nation of his boyhood days, to discover what became of an old friend of his family, Israel Epstein.
Summary.
Ronald Levaco seeks the reasoning behind the answer to this question: why would a Jew from Poland fight for Communist rule in China under the direction of Mao Zedong? 
"Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom" allows viewers to meet a man who experienced life directly under Mao’s rule and lived through the Cultural Revolution, issues which most people from the Western hemisphere are not familiar with. Israel Epstein and the director's father (Mr.Levaco senior) grew up in China, where they experienced comfortable lifestyles afforded to well off families from Western nations, in the time period before the Communists began to govern. But many of the indigenous Chinese residents were very poor compared to the Europeans that settled in the nation for an extended time period. The scenes of the country's poverty were impossible to ignore: as a young boy, Epstein witnessed ordinary Chinese families, tormented by famine, put their offspring up for sale and perish due to severe lack of food. These catastrophes would trouble him throughout his life and help him to define his choice of politics.
Most Westerners fled China before the revolution reached their area of residence. The Levacoes family decided to leave during the upheaval. But Epstein plans did not include immigrating. Israel Epstein had a deep bond to China and its residents, and stayed behind to help contribute his talents to a government that pledged to look after its people. Mao is portrayed sympathetically in the film, explaining the controversial leader’s charismatic appeal. Epstein sees the historical figure of Mao as a Robin Hood type, whose group always had sufficient provisions for each and every one of its members. It is understandable how a young idealist would make a connection to such a leader. And despite being imprisoned in solitary confinement for sixty months under suspicion of plotting against Zhou Enlai; Epstein did not deter from his continued belief in Mao’s China.
The imprisonment was an ironic occurrence for Epstein, because China couldn’t have had a more loyal citizen. Locked away in an extremely small cell with little openings for windows, Epstein was not only put away from the other prisoners, into total isolation but also had no private space. Israel Epstein proves to be an individual of rare patience and endurance. He describes how he’s come to accept the ill treatment he endured behind bars. The resentment that someone could do this awful thing to you then fades away, he explains.
"Round Eyes" derives its title from the Chinese nickname for Westerners. While the name refers directly to the sunglasses foreigners wear and the lack of the epicanthic fold in many Europeans, it is also an innuendo, metaphorically, at the naiveté of the outsiders who only through a haze saw the nation they were living in. Most westerners lived lavishly, interacted only with one another and fled a when lack of provisions and political uprising began. Epstein was one of few Europeans that remained.
When Levaco finally catches up with Israel Epstein, he is 73 years old and his political adventures have slowed down slightly. However he still has a strong sense of nationalism and is healthy. He is a Chinese citizen, the father of two adopted children of Chinese heritage and he’s spending the remainder of his years with his Chinese wife. “Why not?” Epstein asks. “There are Chinese Americans. Why not a Caucasian-Chinese?”

</doc>
<doc id="18680768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680768" title="Imidafenacin">
Imidafenacin

Imidafenacin (INN) is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class.

</doc>
<doc id="18680771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680771" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Surabaya">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Surabaya

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Surabaya () is a diocese located in the city of Surabaya in the Ecclesiastical province of Semarang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18680791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680791" title="Johann Christoph Bach (1645–93)">
Johann Christoph Bach (1645–93)

Johann Christoph Bach (Erfurt, 22 February 1645 – 28 August 1693, Arnstadt) was a German musician of the Baroque period.
A court and town musician in Arnstadt, he was the third son of Christoph Bach and the twin brother of Johann Ambrosius Bach. He was also the uncle of Johann Sebastian Bach. He married Martha Elisabeth Eisentraut (1654–1719).
He is not to be confused with other Johann Christoph Bachs.

</doc>
<doc id="18680795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680795" title="The Bond of Saint Marcel">
The Bond of Saint Marcel

The Bond Of Saint Marcel is a six-issue comic book limited series published by Archaia Studios Press.
Created and written by Jennifer Quintenz, with pencils by five-time Eisner Awards nominee Christian Gossett.
Plot.
Tagline: A vampire. The family he has been bound to serve. And a chance for freedom...
For centuries, a mysterious order of priests has jealously guarded the secret of the Bond of Saint Marcel: an occult ritual that enabled priests of the Order to enslave vampires and use them as unwilling soldiers against their own kind. When 16-year-old Katherine Johnstone inherits an ancient family signet ring she is swept into a world of fatal secrets and a centuries-old quest for vengeance. But with the ring, Kat has also inherited the power to command a vampire, and he may be her only hope of survival.

</doc>
<doc id="18680798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680798" title="William Patrick O'Connor">
William Patrick O'Connor

William Patrick O'Connor (October 18, 1886—July 13, 1973) was an American prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as the fifth Bishop of Superior (1942-46) and the first Bishop of Madison (1946–67).
Biography.
William O'Connor was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to Patrick Dennis and Ellen Anna (née McCarthy) O'Connor. He received his early education at St. John Cathedral School, and then attended Marquette University. He studied for the priesthood at St. Francis Seminary.
He was ordained a priest on March 10, 1912. His first assignment was as assistant pastor of St. Rose Church in Milwaukee, where he remained for four years. During World War I, he served as a chaplain with the 32nd Infantry Division; he was awarded the "Croix de guerre" medal for bravery in action. He then furthered his studies at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., earning his degree in 1920. He taught philosophy at St. Francis Seminary for twenty years, and was named pastor of St. Thomas Aquinas Church in Milwaukee in 1941. He became president of the American Catholic Philosophical Association in 1939.
On December 27, 1941, Pope Pius XII appointed O'Connor bishop of the Superior Diocese and he was consecrated on March 7, 1942. On February 22, 1946, O'Connor was appointed the first bishop of the newly created Diocese of Madison, by Pope Pius XII.

</doc>
<doc id="18680817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680817" title="1980 San Francisco 49ers season">
1980 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1980 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's 31st in the National Football League. This was both Bill Walsh's and Joe Montana's second season with the team. The 49ers looked to improve on their previous output of 2–14 (which they had earned in both of the two previous seasons). They failed to make the playoffs for the eighth consecutive season, but they did improve to 6–10.
On December 7, 1980, the 49ers staged the greatest come from behind victory in the history of the NFL's regular season. The 49ers rallied from 28 points down to defeat the New Orleans Saints by a score of 38–35 in Week Fourteen.
Schedule.
Game summaries.
Week 14: vs. New Orleans Saints.
The 49ers fought a 28-point deficit in the second half to win in overtime 38–35. The game was named as #8 on NFL Top 10 on "Top Ten Comebacks".

</doc>
<doc id="18680821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680821" title="Fes–Oujda expressway">
Fes–Oujda expressway

Fes-Oujda Expressway is not an Expressway where it is free but a paying 'Motorway' linking Morocco-Algeria with Oujda-Rabat-Casablanca and Southern Morocco and came into operation on 25 July 2011. The road is designated as A2 and is an extension to the Rabat-Fes expressway but in Morocco they tend to use the descriptive name with the city-names at start and finish.
The motorway is an extension on the existing Rabat - Meknes - Fes expressway which is designated as A2 or Rabat–Fes expressway.
Work started in 2007 and originally planned opening was for 2011.
Finance.
The projected costs for the construction were projected at 9125 Million Dirhams, excluding costs for buying or acquiring land. but the final costs came to 10.800 MDH, which comes to 33,44 MDH per kilometer road
The ADM signed an agreement with the "Hassan II Fund for Economic and Social Development" for a financial injection of the ADM of 2000 MDH in 2005 and invited external investors for participation.
The main investors are: (all in Million Dirham, unless other stated)
Sections.
The construction is divided into ten sections:
Several national and international constructors work on one or more sections of the road. Most international contractors have worked/are working for ADM on other projects such as the Marrakech-Agadir expressway
Network.
This stretch is an important part of the Moroccan East-West corridor and will also be a part of the so-called "l’Autoroute Maghrébine" which will run from Nouakchott (capital of Mauritania) all the way to Tobruk in Libya.
The road will improve the access to and from many cities along the Mediterranean coast. Another project improving transport in the North is the new railroad to the port of Nador and Spanish enclave Melilla

</doc>
<doc id="18680828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680828" title="Marc Koehler">
Marc Koehler

Marc Koehler (born 1977, Naarden) is a Dutch architect of Portuguese origin.
Koehler studied at the Delft University of Technology and, in 2004, he became a staff member and lecturer at the University's Faculty of Architecture.
In 2005, he began his research based design office in Amsterdam, which became known for its criticism and design proposals for private houses in the Netherlands. In 2009 Marc Koehler Architects won several international design competitions, such as the 1st prize in the Oporto waterfront idea competition (Portugal), the 1st prize in the Belgium Open Call competition for the community centre in Loker (Belgium) and won an honorable mention in the idea competition for the new Faculty of Architecture of the Technical University of Delft (Netherlands. Koehler is actively engaged in the contemporary architectural debate and his work is widely published.

</doc>
<doc id="18680831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680831" title="Puerto Rico–Virgin Islands pipeline">
Puerto Rico–Virgin Islands pipeline

The Puerto Rico–Virgin Islands pipeline is a proposed offshore natural gas pipeline to connect Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. The pipeline would start from the Puerto Rican natural gas grid on the island of Culebra and run to Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. Gas would be supplied from the EcoEléctrica's LNG regasification plant in Peñuelas, Puerto Rico to replace diesel fuel for electric generation.

</doc>
<doc id="18680833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680833" title="Renato Rascel">
Renato Rascel

Renato Ranucci, in art Renato Rascel (27 April 1912 – 2 January 1991) was an Italian film actor, singer, and songwriter. He appeared in 50 films between 1942 and 1972. He represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1960 with the song "Romantica" which was placed equal eighth out of thirteen entries.
Biography.
He was born to Cesare and Paola Ranucci in Turin (he always regretted not to be born in Rome) where his parents, who were opera singers were performing a show. Renato could really say that he was born in the back stage of the theater and that’s where he spent all of his life.
His father tried to make it up to him by having him baptized at Saint Peter's in Rome and apparently it worked because growing up in that neighborhood he ended up singing for the “white voices choir” of Saint Peter with the leadership of Don Lorenzo Perosi.
At the age of 14 Renato started to play drums in ballrooms around Rome. Soon after, he joined the Di Fiorenza Sisters as an actor, dancer and clown and in 1934 he was hired for his first big role by the Schwarts Brothers in the operetta “Al Cavallino bianco”. In 1935, he joined Elena Gray for his first foreign tour in Africa.
In 1941 he created his own theater company and he began to develop his distinctive kind of humor that in the following years will crown him as the inventor of the “non-sense” with phrases like “two friends that didn’t know each other”. He decides to make his small size work for him, being only 5’2” tall, one of his major assets becoming known as the “Tiny Italian” (il piccoletto nazionale) and in his show he accentuates his stature by wearing huge extravagant coats, his most famous one had a large pocket on the back.
In this time he created some of his most famous characters such as “Napoleon” and “Il Corazziere” (a parody on his size since the Corazziere is a military division that employs only soldiers over 6 feet tall) that bring him to an extraordinary popularity in Italy. In 1942 he shoots the first of a long series of films "Pazzo d’amore" (Crazy For Love) developing and establishing his very peculiar kind of humor. Among the sixty plus films he worked in one of the most relevant was "Il Cappotto" (The Overcoat) by Gogol, winner of the Golden Palm in Cannes.
He also had a leading role in "The Secret of Santa Vittoria" with Anthony Quinn and Anna Magnani, "Seven Hills of Rome" with Mario Lanza, "Questi fantasmi" with Eduardo De Filippo and "Figaro qua Figaro là" with Totò. In 1977, he appeared in the Zeffirelli film "Jesus of Nazareth" as the blind man.
His post second World War success is due mainly to his leading roles in the musicals by Garinei & Giovannini. The artistic trio is responsible for the existence of the “Musical” in Italy with "Attanasio cavallo vanesio" in 1952 (featuring the American trio Peter Sisters), "Alvaro piuttosto corsaro" (1953), "Tobia la candida spia" (1955), "Un paio d'ali" (1957), "Rascelinaria" (1958), "Enrico '61" (1961, also performed for an entire year in London at the Piccadilly Theater in 1962), "Il giorno della tartaruga" (1965) and "Alleluja, brava gente" (1970).
In his career, Rascel had established himself as a comic and dramatic actor, dancer, singer and songwriter. His most famous song, "Arrivederci Roma," is among the three most famous Italian songs of all time. He also wrote a number of internationally famous songs such as "Venticello de Roma," "Con un po' di fantasia," "Vogliamoci tanto bene," "Romantica," and "Te voglio bene tanto tanto."
With the arrival of the television set in the Italian household, RAI (the national Italian Television) entrusts Rascel with the role of entertaining the country in the very first live Saturday night show. Among his most memorable performances are “Rascel la nuit“ in 1956 and “Stasera Rascel City” in 1964. His performance in “Father Brown” in 1970, where he interprets a priest that solves crimes in his community, was one of the biggest television successes of the decade. He represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960 with the song "Romantica".

</doc>
<doc id="18680835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680835" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Denpasar">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Denpasar

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Denpasar () is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical province of Ende, in Indonesia. The diocese encompasses the predominantly Hindu province of Bali and the mostly Muslim province of West Nusa Tenggara and has its see in Denpasar, the capital city of Bali.

</doc>
<doc id="18680837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680837" title="Henry Dobbs">
Henry Dobbs

Sir Henry Dobbs, GBE, KCSI, KCMG, KCIE, FRGS, CSI (26 August 1871 – 30 May 1934) was an administrator in British India and High Commissioner in Iraq.
Career.
Henry Robert Conway Dobbs was educated at Winchester College and Brasenose College, Oxford. He joined the Indian Civil Service in 1892 and after several posts served as the Chief Commissioner of Balochistan 1917–1919. Dobbs was the British Representative on the Kabul Mission in January 1921, during which he met with Afghan Foreign Minister Mahmud Tarzi to discuss Anglo-Afghan friendship. The result was the Anglo-Afghan Treaty of 22 November 1921, which confirmed the Indo-Afghan border, established diplomatic ties between London and Kabul, and defined special trade agreements. He later served as High Commissioner to the Kingdom of Iraq from 1923 to 1929, the longest time this position was held by anyone during the course of the Iraq Mandate.
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) on 31 May 1905 for his services in Afghanistan, and appointed a Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) on 18 August 1916 for meritorious war services. In January 1921, he was knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire (KCIE), He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India in 1923, a Knight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (KCMG) in the 1925 Birthday Honours List. and a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (GBE) on 1 March 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="18680854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680854" title="Manila International Airport Authority">
Manila International Airport Authority

The Manila International Airport Authority (MIAA; ) is a government agency in the Philippines responsible for the management of the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA). It is organized as a government-owned and controlled corporation under the Department of Transportation and Communications as an attached agency.

</doc>
<doc id="18680861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680861" title="Marina Matulović-Dropulić">
Marina Matulović-Dropulić

Marina Matulović-Dropulić (born June 21, 1942) is a Croatian politician, member of the Croatian Democratic Union.
Matulović-Dropulić served as the mayor of Zagreb in two mandates - first an appointment for a couple of months in 1996 during the Zagreb Crisis, and again after the 1997 elections, until 2000. She was the first female mayor.
In the 2000 election she was elected a member of Croatian Parliament and served until 2003.
Since 2003 she has served as a Minister in the government of Ivo Sanader and now Jadranka Kosor. In 2007 she was also elected on the HDZ parliamentary list but remained a government minister.

</doc>
<doc id="18680865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680865" title="Rainbow Falls State Park">
Rainbow Falls State Park

Rainbow Falls State Park is a State park in Washington, located near the town of Dryad. The park features of freshwater shoreline on the Chehalis River, as well as some of the last standing old-growth trees in the Chehalis Valley. The park's main entrance, a pair of vehicle and pedestrian bridges across the Chehalis River above the falls for the which the park is named, was destroyed by flooding in December 2007, and visitors currently access the site through what appears to be a new permanent entrance at the rear of the park.
The park features 45 tent spaces, 8 RV hook-up spaces, restrooms with showers, a group space that can fit approximately 60 people, and a dump station. The park is first come, first serve, and is open year-round.
The park also features approximately 10 miles of hiking trails, but access to these from the camping area requires a short drive, as there is no pedestrian access from the camping area.
The park, along with several log structures on the premises, was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="18680872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680872" title="Tsai Wan-tsai">
Tsai Wan-tsai

Tsai Wan-tsai (; born August 5, 1929) is a Taiwanese banker. He is one of the brothers of Tsai Wan-lin, and an uncle of Tsai Hong-tu. Tsai Wan-tsai was the former legislator of Legislative Yuan, the national parliament of Taiwan. He was also the founder of Fubon Group. In June 2008, The Forbes ranked him as the fourth richest of Taiwan, with a net worth of US$5.1 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18680878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680878" title="Win Ng">
Win Ng

Win Ng (April 13, 1936 - September 6, 1991) was a Chinese American sculptor, industrial designer and illustrator. He is best known as the co-founder of the groundbreaking San Francisco based handmades department store Taylor & Ng.
Early life.
Ng was born in Chinatown, San Francisco. He studied at Saint Mary's Academy and the City College of San Francisco and San Francisco State University. After serving in the United States Army he studied at the San Francisco Art Institute receiving a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in 1959. He began the Masters of Fine Arts program at Mills College in 1960 but did not complete the program.
His early career as a ceramicist focused on abstract work influenced by Peter Voulkos and resulted in a one man show in 1958 at the Michow Gallery in New York City. By the 1970s Ng had seven one-man shows to his credit in Paris, New York, Portland, Oregon and San Francisco.
Ng was openly gay.
Taylor & Ng.
In 1965 Ng met artist Spaulding Taylor and shifted his focus toward utilitarian work. The two founded Environmental Ceramics (the precursor to Taylor & Ng) and moved into creating handmade artware and homewares. The company called Taylor & Ng was founded during the same period and, with the addition of Win Ng's brother, Norman Ng, as president, grew into a major producer and retailer of housewares. 
Win Ng's whimsical designs and animal drawings became a thematic focal point for many extremely popular Taylor & Ng products, from coffee mugs to kitchen aprons, pot holders, and dishtowels. These products sold heavily through Macy's and other major department stores and housewares retailers throughout the U.S. during the late 1970s and 1980s. He created pottery, book designs and linens for over 20 years. 
Through their own San Francisco department store and wholesale business, Taylor & Ng not only created a signature style still in demand by collectors, but helped to popularize Asian culture and cuisine. The Taylor & Ng company is credited with bringing the Chinese wok to the U.S. and making it a common kitchen utensil. In the late 1970s, they expanded their line to include a wide range of kitchen products, including a clever wood-and-metal-hook pot rack called the "Track Rack" that is still sold today. In 1977, Taylor & Ng introduced one of the first knock-down furniture products, the award-winning "Chair-In-A-Box," designed by Don Vandervort (who later went on to found HomeTips.com). The Taylor & Ng department store closed in 1985 so that the business could focus on its wholesale activities.
Book illustration.
Ng created illustrations for a number of books by Yerba Buena Press throughout the 1970s. These included collaborations with authors Violet and Charles Schafer. Ng also illustrated publications by Taylor & Ng.
Death and legacy.
Ng died on September 6, 1991 from AIDS related complications. He was 55.
A 100 by 16 foot mural by Ng graces the concourse level of the Orinda BART station in Contra Costa County, California.
His artwork is in the collections of the Smithsonian, the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, Victoria & Albert Museum, Museum of Contemporary Crafts, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the De Young Museum.
In April 2005 the Chinese Historical Society of America in collaboration with the Queer Cultural Center held a retrospective of Ng's work under the title of "The Art of Win Ng" as part of the National Queer Arts Festival 2005.
Ng's is represented posthumously by the Braunstein/Quay Gallery in San Francisco.

</doc>
<doc id="18680886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680886" title="USS Catalpa (AN-10)">
USS Catalpa (AN-10)

USS "Catalpa" (AN-10/YN-5) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve the U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Built in Portland, Oregon.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Catalpa" (YN-5) was launched 22 February 1941 by Commercial Iron Works, Portland, Oregon; sponsored by Mrs. E. B. Colton; and on 20 June 1941 placed in service for duty in the 12th Naval District. She was commissioned 22 May 1942 at Alameda, California, Lieutenant (junior grade) F. J. George, USNR, in command.
World War service.
After loading equipment at the Net Depot at Tiburon, California, "Catalpa" sailed 24 May 1942 for the Fiji Islands, arriving 14 June. At Nandi, Suva, and during October and November 1942 at Funafuti in the Ellice Islands, "Catalpa" laid and cared for harbor entrance nets, protecting important South Pacific Ocean bases. Early in 1944, she sailed to Dunedin, New Zealand, for overhaul, during which on 20 January she was redesignated "AN-10".
"Catalpa" arrived at Cape Torokina, Bougainville, 20 February 1944 to carry out varied duties in the Solomon Islands through the spring and summer. In addition to tending nets, she laid mooring buoys, offered towing and salvage services, and provided divers for the services essential to the maintenance of fleet anchorages. 
Early in September, she joined forces at Guadalcanal staging for the invasion of the Palau Islands, a vital preparation for the return to the Philippines. With the assault forces, she arrived off Peleliu on 15 September, and after standing by as the first troops smashed ashore, sailed on to mine-infested Kossol Passage to begin the work of preparing what would become a major fleet anchorage. Net and salvage operations in the Palaus were "Catalpa's" contribution to the continuing operations there and in the Philippines until 28 February 1945 when she got underway for Ulithi and Eniwetok.
Post-war inactivation.
She operated in the Marshall Islands until 30 June when she cleared for duty in the Eleventh Naval District from San Pedro, California. On 23 July 1946 she sailed for Astoria, Oregon, where she was decommissioned and placed in reserve 21 October 1946.
Korean War era service.
With the buildup of the fleet brought into effect upon the outbreak of hostilities in Korea, "Catalpa" was re-commissioned 7 August 1950 and reported to the net depot in San Francisco Bay for training and local duty. 
On 1 February 1952, she sailed from San Diego, California, for the Far East, and through 1954 installed and tended nets in Tokyo Bay, except for a period in the fall of 1953 when she carried out similar duties at Guam.
Final decommissioning.
On 23 January 1955 she cleared for New London, Connecticut, where she arrived 4 May. She was placed out of commission in reserve there 7 October 1955.
Honors and awards.
"Catalpa" received two battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18680890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680890" title="Armine Dew">
Armine Dew

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Armine Brereton Dew, KCIE, CSI (1867–1941) was a British Indian Army officer and administrator in British India; he served as the Chief Commissioner of Balochistan during colonial rule. Commissioned in 1886 in the 4th Battalion of the Shropshire Light Infantry, he was promoted to Lieutenant in 1891, Captain in 1899 and to Major in 1906. By 1911, he was Political Agent in Gilgit and in that year was appointed a CIE. He was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in 1914. He was Political Agent for the princely state of Kalat by 1915 and was appointed a CSI in that year. He was knighted with the KCIE in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="18680899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680899" title="Glyclopyramide">
Glyclopyramide

Glyclopyramide (INN, marketed under the tradename Deamelin-S) is a sulfonylurea drug used in the treatment of diabetes. It has been marketed in Japan since 1965.
It is classified as second generation.

</doc>
<doc id="18680909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680909" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Larantuka">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Larantuka

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Larantuka () is a diocese located in the city of Larantuka in the Ecclesiastical province of Ende in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18680915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680915" title="William C. Grimes">
William C. Grimes

William C. Grimes (November 6, 1857April 8, 1931) was an American politician and businessman who had a major influence on Oklahoma politics. He most notably served as Acting Governor of Oklahoma Territory from November 30, 1901, to December 9, 1901. For many years, he served as chair of the Territorial Republican Committee. He also served as territorial delegate to the Republican National Committee.
Early life.
Grimes was born near New Lexington, Ohio on November 6, 1857 to George Washington Grimes. At the age of twenty, he moved to Nebraska where he became a newspaperman and later sheriff of Johnson County. He traveled south to participate in the Land Run of 1889 into the Unassigned Lands. He claimed land near Kingfisher, Oklahoma and established a farm. He went into real estate, enlarged his farm, built business blocks and residential areas in town, and helped to establish Kingfisher College (active from 1895–1922). He also became active in Republican politics.
Political career.
Grimes was appointed U.S. marshal for Oklahoma Territory in 1890. During his career as marshal, which lasted until 1893, he established a sound mechanism for the enforcement of federal law.
Grimes was turned out of office by the administration of U.S. President Grover Cleveland. He continued to work in business and farming in Kingfisher. After the Republicans returned to national office, he was reinstalled in federal service. On May 12, 1901, he became territorial secretary under Governor of Oklahoma Territory William Miller Jenkins.
In 1901, William M. Jenkins was not reappointed Governor of Oklahoma Territory due to a major scandal over a state contract. Grimes became Acting Governor of Oklahoma Territory from November 30, 1901, to December 9, 1901. Although Grimes was accused of involvement in the suspect transaction, he continued to serve in the administration of Thompson Benton Ferguson until January 1906.
Later years.
After serving in the Ferguson's administration, Grimes moved to Oregon and later to California. He died in Santa Monica, California on April 8, 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="18680919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680919" title="Joe Sise">
Joe Sise

Joe Sise (born 12 December 1989) is a Swedish footballer of Gambian decent, who either plays as a winger or forward for the Danish club FC Nordsjælland.
Career.
Starting his career in Snöstorp Nyhem FF, a minor club in the town of Halmstad, he took the step up in to the senior team in 2004 at the age of 15. In spring 2008 he went on loan to IFK Värnamo as he finished his studies at the local football gymnasium. During the summer transfer window Sise signed for local rivals Halmstads BK, making his debut against GIF Sundsvall on 24 October 2008, the game ending 0–0.
Prior to signing for Halmstads BK, Sise had been on trial with AC Milan and Manisaspor.
Following the end of the 2011 season, Sise announced he would not sign a new contract with Halmstads BK and follow the club in its relegation to Superettan. Following the end of Sise's contract he was made subject to speculation of where he would play next, in mid October a person named Can Arikboga, claimed to be Sise's agent and told German newspaper Bild that the player was soon signing for Hansa Rostock in 2. Bundesliga, however 2 days after the rumor arose Sise told the local newspaper Hallandsposten that Can Arikboga was not his agent and that he had no idea of who Arikboga was, stating that he been a victim of an agent fraud.
On 25 January, the Danish club FC Nordsjælland that they had sinced a 3-year contract with Joe Sise.

</doc>
<doc id="18680931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680931" title="Dancin' On Air">
Dancin' On Air

"Dancin' On Air" was a 1980s television dance music reality show, forerunner of the TV show "Dance Party USA". Both shows were produced and created by Michael Nise and his father Frank. The show started with US$100,000 from a small group of investors that included "The Tonight Show Band" leader Doc Severinsen. The program earned a 128% return on investment (ROI) within the first six months. "Dancin' On Air" was produced from Nise's studios and offices located in Camden, New Jersey.
History.
"Dancin' On Air" broadcast live from October 12, 1981 to December 31, 1987. The program reached seven east coast states. The program was usually broadcast from WPHL-TV studios in Philadelphia, but occasionally broadcast on-location from other locations such as Penn's Landing, Ocean City, Wildwood, Six Flags Great Adventure, Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom, and Hersheypark.
In 1986, "Dancin' On Air" was syndicated by KDOC-TV in Los Angeles. The show doubled KDOC's ratings in its first week, and was then picked up by the fledgling USA Network. Shortly thereafter, the show was renamed "Dance Party USA", though both shows were produced for a time.
During 1986 and 1987, the "Dancin' On Air" studio set was that same studio used for "Dance Party USA". As a result during the 1986/87 season, audiences saw the same regulars, guest dancers, and celebrities on both shows on the same days. The programs shared a weekly talk-radio show, "Talkin' On Air", hosted by Michael Nise.
Hosts of the show included Eddie Bruce, Bill O'Brien, Chris Trane, Andy Gury, Annette Godfrey, Mike Rossi and Dave Raymond (the original Phillie Phanatic). Mike Rossi was a former dancer who transitioned to being a host and in 1986 became one of the youngest hosts of a live daily television program in American TV history. House dancers included Kelly Ripa and Tom Verica.
Performers on "Dancin' On Air" (and later "Dance Party USA") included Madonna, Will Smith (as Fresh Prince), Duran Duran (with their first American TV appearances), Menudo (including a young Ricky Martin), Stevie Wonder, The Jets, New Edition, Sweet Sensation, LL Cool J, Jody Watley, New Kids On The Block, Nine Inch Nails and many other popular recording artists of the era.
The show's theme song was written by Dan McKeown.
Revival.
On July 23, 2011, WPHL re-aired "Dancin' On Air" as part of a special marathon celebrating the show's 30th anniversary. During the marathon, special vignettes were featured with former regular dancers, hosts of the show, and executive producer Michael Nise sharing their memories, experiences and thoughts from the show and also talked about how the show became a major influence and how it changed their lives.
On November 4, 2011, Mike Rossi, Princess, Jimmy Jam (James Ferguson), Andy Gury and Eddie Bruce hosted a 30th reunion dance party celebration.
On March 6, 2012, WPHL announced that "Dancin' On Air" would return to the air on March 31, where it would air Saturday mornings at 10AM. WRDW-FM has been tapped as the official radio station for the program. Core group members include Brittainy Taylor, DeAnna Marie, Jeanna Zettler, Mikey P, Paulie Scalia, Anthony Vee, Anthony Franzzo (AKA DJ ZO), Nicole Peraino, Nicole Zell, Ian Ashanti, John Haslett, Kobi Kearney, Casey on Wired, and DJ Josiah.

</doc>
<doc id="18680933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680933" title="National Museum of Natural History, New Delhi">
National Museum of Natural History, New Delhi

The National Museum of Natural History in New Delhi is one of two museums focusing on nature in India. Established in 1972, the museum functions under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India and is situated on Barakhamba Road in Central New Delhi, on the Mandi House intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="18680938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680938" title="Mikel Arce">
Mikel Arce

Mikel Arce Hualde (born 15 June 1984 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Club Atlético Valtierrano as a forward.
Football career.
After graduating from Real Sociedad's youth academy, Arce spent the entirety of his Spanish career in the lower leagues, never competing in higher than Segunda División B, with both CD Alfaro and SD Lemona.
In the 2007–08 season he scored 20 Tercera División goals for CD Lourdes, being acquired by Major League Soccer outfit San Jose Earthquakes in the ensuing offseason. In the following transfer window he moved teams – and countries – again, signing for Club 12 de Octubre in Paraguay.
In the 2009 summer Arce returned to Spain, resuming his career in his country's lower divisions and amateur football.

</doc>
<doc id="18680946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680946" title="Baro Vatra">
Baro Vatra

Baro Vatra is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. The village covers an area of 3.43 km2, and is bordered by the villages of Nanikhir, Nawkhanda, Pathorgatha and Banagram. Baro Vatra's main canal is the "Nawkhanda Khall" or "Nanikhir Khall". The Bil Rout Canal at Jalirpar joins with the main canal, flowing into the river Padma.
Baro Vatra under Nanikhir Union parishad was established in 1634. The village consists of three wards and five "mahallas". The village has a primary school, six mosques, a madrasa, and three community schools. and a famous Kaliardah Bill. The village is also home to the Nanikhir Union health complex, a family planning center, and a Nanikhir Government hospital.
Non-governmental organizations operating in Baro Vatra include BDAO (the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation), BRAC, CCDB, ASA, World Vision, and HCCB.
History.
In May 1971, Pakistani fighter planes attacked the village. with the help of a few Razakar. Two residents were killed and a motor launch was damaged. On 9 August 1971, about 200 freedom fighters in collaboration with the local people liberated Muksudpur. On 12 October 1971 the freedom fighters battled the Pakistani army. In the battle, 22members of the Pakistani army and Razakars were killed. In another direct encounter near Diknagar bridge 30 members of the Pakistani army and three freedom fighters were killed.
Demographics.
Baro Vatra has a population of 2500, 58.65% male and 47.35% female, and a population density of 728 per km2. The literacy rate among the villagers is 87.80%. 
The main occupations of residents of Baro Vatra are: Agriculture (43.09%), Agricultural labourer (23.45%), wage labor (2.21%), commerce (10.10%), service (7.69%), fishing (1.71%), industry (1.11%), hawking (2.32%), construction (1.39%), and 6.93% other.
Agriculture.
The main crops grown in Baro Vatra are paddy, wheat, jute, sugarcane, onion, garlic, betel leaf, vegetables and sweet potato. Formerly, the village grew linseed, sesame, indigo, china, and kaun, but these are rarely grown anymore.
Baro Vatra also produces the fruits mango, jackfruit, papaya, palm, guava, lemon, litchi, coconut, guava, and banana.
There are fisheries, hatcheries, poultry and dairy farms in Baro Vatra. Some fishermen depend on the waters of the Hatashe channel for their livelihood.

</doc>
<doc id="18680953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680953" title="Ana Corbero">
Ana Corbero

Ana Corbero is a visual artist whose paintings, sculptures, and designs have received acclaim on all continents.
Born in 1961, the daughter of Catalan sculptor Xavier Corbero, she studied in the United States (Dallas, Philadelphia, New York) and has lived in London, Barcelona, Paris and Beirut. In 1996 she married Nabil Gholam, the Beirut-based architect.
Her figurative works display a sensitivity to the fragility of nature and the delicate relation between humans and their environment, as well as the variety and complexity of people's inheritances from family, culture, and history. The innocence and simultaneous lucidity of childhood is a theme that runs throughout her creations.
Among her landmark creations are large paintings of water surfaces (the "1001 Tears" series); colossal sculptures of contemplative, childlike figures ("Little Buddha", "Buddhito" and "Buddhette") which have been exhibited in various public urban settings; the "Postcards for Every Occasion" print series; and the "Maus Haus" design creations.
Since 2010, and as a direct result of the Israeli/Lebanese war of 2006 Corbero has published two collections of poems: Prickly Pear Poems and Pettered Patter Poems.
In 2013 she held a solo exhibition, "I&I = Us", at the Beirut Exhibition Center conveying a pacifist message. It had taken her 18 months to put together.
She has had individual exhibitions in places including London, Barcelona, Madrid, New York, Dallas, Istanbul, Beirut, Napa Valley, Tokyo, and Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="18680956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680956" title="Jim Whittenburg">
Jim Whittenburg

Whittenburg was awarded the University Chair for Teaching Excellence from 1999-2002. Other awards include: the William and Mary Society of the Alumni Teaching Award, the Thomas Ashley Graves Jr. Award for Sustained Excellence in College Teaching, and the Freshman Advisor of the Year award. In 2007, several former students in association with the Virginia Historical society saluted Whittenburg as the "Greatest History Teacher". Whittenburg also taught actress Kim Basinger.
Whittenburg is married to Dr. Carolyn Sparks Whittenburg, the director of the National Institute of American History and Democracy (NIAHD); they were wed on December 27, 1970. Dr. Carolyn Whittenburg also received her M.A. from Wake Forest University in 1971, with a thesis entitled "James Dunwoody Brownson Debow: The Defender of New Orleans Propserity". She received her Ed.S. (1997) and Ed.D. (2003) from the College of William & Mary.

</doc>
<doc id="18680959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680959" title="Cerâmica de Valadares">
Cerâmica de Valadares

Cerâmica de Valadares is a Portuguese company which produces sanitary ware and ceramic fittings. Cerâmica de Valadares' factory is located in the parish of Valadares, in the city Vila Nova de Gaia and was founded in 25 April 1921.
History.
Cerâmica de Valadares was founded in 25 April 1921, started by producing minor ceramic products. During the first half of the 20th century it was an important factor of development of Valadares, attracting people from the interior of the country and developing small shops in the zones nearby. In the decade of 80, there was a big change in Cerâmica de Valadares' production; the factory started to invest only in sanitary ware and ceramic fittings for bathrooms. In 1993, there was produced the first ecological "water-saving" toilet in Portugal.
Present Situation.
Nowadays, this company produces per year, between 800000 and 900000 ceramic pieces, employs 560 workers and the factory occupies an area of 176000 square meters. It is the leading exporter of sanitary ware and ceramic fittings in Portugal (exporting 60% of the production), and among other countries, Cerâmica de Valadares exports to Spain, UAE, Saudi Arabia and South Africa. It is frequently present in several fairs about design's sanitary ware and ceramic fittings. Some of Cerâmica de Valadares' projects worldwide, include Palm Islands, in Dubai, the new church of Santíssima Trindade, in Fátima, Dubai Sports city and Torre Sacyr-VallHermoso in Madrid, Spain.. Recently Cerâmica de Valadares has won a Jury Mention in Tektónica08, a fair dedicated to innovation in construction materials. The majority of Valadares' products are certified by the Quality Institute of Portugal, German LGA, Dutch KIWA and British WRC.
Cerâmica de Valadares and Valadares' coat of arms.
Valadares' coat of arms has a vase with a dentate wheel behind. The vase with the dentate wheel represents the ceramic industry in Valadares, which is represented by the factory Cerâmica de Valadares,

</doc>
<doc id="18680965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680965" title="Prostanthera melissifolia">
Prostanthera melissifolia

Prostanthera mellisifolia, the Balm Mint Bush, is a native Australian aromatic hardwood shrub that grows up to 2m tall. The species has purple bell shaped flowers tinted with pink and small dark green leaves. The species occurs in New South Wales and Victoria. 

</doc>
<doc id="18680968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680968" title="Henry Beauchamp St John">
Henry Beauchamp St John

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir Henry Beauchamp St John, KCIE, CBE, (1874–1954). Born 26 August 1874 son of Colonel Sir 
Oliver Beauchamp Coventry St John KCSI, RE. (Henry) Beauchamp St.John was a British Indian Army officer, originally commissioned in 1893 into the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry, and transferred to the Indian Staff Corps in 1894. He served on the North West Frontier with the 45th (Rattray's) Sikhs at the defence of Malakand; relief of Chakdara, Malakand; action of Landakai; operations in Bajaur and in the Mamund Country; Tirah 1897, operations in the Barah Valley 7 to 14 December 1897. He was made a C.I.E. in 1913 and awarded the C.B.E. Military and mentioned in despatches for valuable services in the field during the Third Afghan War (London Gazette 3 August 1920). Was an administrator in British India, his many political appointments included Agent to the Governor General, Punjab States 1925-27; he twice served as the Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan. He was Prime Minister of Jaipur State from 1933-39. He was knighted and appointed a KCIE in the News Years Honours list of 1 January 1930. In retirement, in his last years, he lived at Beaulieu, Hampshire. Married in 1907 to Olive, dau of late Colonel C.Herbert CSI, they had one son. Sir H. Beauchamp St.John KCIE,CBE, died in 1954 in his eightieth year.

</doc>
<doc id="18680975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680975" title="Live in L.A. (The Rippingtons album)">
Live in L.A. (The Rippingtons album)

Live in L.A. is The Rippingtons' first live album which was released in 1992.
Background information.
"Live in L.A." was recorded on consecutive nights at the Ventura Theatre (September 25) and the Greek Theatre (September 26). As reported by All Music, bandleader Russ Freeman had to cut down a number of songs from their regular ninety minute set to under an hour for this album, which clocks in at almost fifty-five minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18680985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18680985" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Ruteng">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Ruteng

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Ruteng () is a diocese located in the city of Ruteng in the Ecclesiastical province of Ende in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18681002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681002" title="Lac de Nantua">
Lac de Nantua

Lac de Nantua (Nantua Lake) is a lake located between Nantua, Montreal-la-Cluse and Port in Ain glacial an expanse of 141 hectares. The lake was made a protected natural site in 1935.
Formation.
Nantua Lake is a glacial lake. Its formation is the result of an overflow towards the west a huge orientation North South. The original extent of the glacier lake, once the glaciers disappeared, (the study of terminal glacial moraines) was about two to three times area of 2000 with extensions in the plain in three directions (Nurieux, Saint Martin du Fresne, Montreal). This explains the significant depth (42.9 m) and its configuration in the form of ice gorge east-west areas at risk of flooding towards the plain and Port areas moraines. Its scope was much larger and was marked by two arms of lakes and large marshes to unhealthy important work done in 1856. This work lowered the lake level by more than one meter. The cleared zones were cleaned and sold largely to individuals in 1869 by the mayor of Nantua previously owned these recently discovered areas.

</doc>
<doc id="18681016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681016" title="Där du andas">
Där du andas

"Där du andas" ("Where you breathe") is the theme song for the movie "Arn - Riket vid vägens slut" ("Arn - The kingdom at the end of the road"), the second part of the trilogy written by Jan Guillou. The song debuted at #1 on the Swedish singles chart.
She also sang an English language version of the song under the title "Where Your Love Lives".
Formats and track listings.
Swedish CD single<br>
See also.
List of Swedish number-one hits

</doc>
<doc id="18681017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681017" title="Masjid-e-Aqsa">
Masjid-e-Aqsa

The Masjid-e-Aqsa (Punjabi in Rabwah (Pakistan) is the biggest place of worship of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Pakistan. Its foundation stone was laid down in 1966 and the building's inauguration took place on March 31, 1972. This is the main mosque of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Rabwah which can accommodate more than 18,000 worshippers.
History.
The design for the mosque was prepared by Abdul Rashid, at the behest of Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad. It was desired the Friday-Prayers in Rabwah should be offered at one Central Mosque. The construction blueprint was already prepared in his tenure, but because of the Caliph being not well, the foundation could not be laid down by him. On 28 October 1966 Mirza Nasir Ahmad, third Caliph of the Community laid the foundation stone of the Masjid-e-Aqsa. The mosque was opened in March 1972.
Construction and design.
The column-free main hall is 1,650 square meters in size. 650 m² of floor are reserved for women and the remaining 1000 m² are reserved for men. The design of the mosque was said to be inspired by the Mughal Badshahi Mosque. Together with the 3,700 m² large compound, the mosque can accommodate up to 18,500 worshippers. The minaret, in accordance with the wishes of the Caliph, was intended to be a meter higher than that of the Badshahi Mosque, 55 m in height, and to resemble the design of the Baadshai Mosque minarets. However, the Pakistan Air Force in Sargodha did not allow this minaret, being a flying zone. The mosque now has a total of 6 minarets, four of which are about 20 m and two 12 m high.
The construction cost, of approximately 1.3 million Rupees was completely born by one Bani Muhammad Siddique, on his request, his name was not published till his death.

</doc>
<doc id="18681024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681024" title="Nanikhir">
Nanikhir

Nanikhir is a village in Gopalganj District, Bangladesh, part of Muksudpur Upazila. It is part of the Nanikhir union, which consists of the villages of Nanikhir, Baro Vatra, Mohishtoli, Pathorghata, Goalgram, Bongram and Kazipara, and which is bordered by the unions of Jalirpar, Kasalia, Mosna and Gohala. The Hatashe Channel, locally known as Nanikhir Khall flows through the village to the Bil Rout canal at Jalirpar, and then the Padma River.
History.
The village was established in 1634. In May 1971, during the Bangladesh Liberation War, the village was attacked by several aircraft of the Pakistani Air Force, supported by a number of Razakars Etc.). Several of the inhabitants were killed and a motor launch was damaged. On 9 August 1971 about 200 members of the Bangladesh Liberation Army, in collaboration with local people, liberated Muksudpur. On 12 October 1971, local guerillas clashed with forces of the Pakistani army, in which 22 Razakars and Pakistani soldiers were killed. In a later encounter, near Diknagar Bridge 30 Pakistani soldiers and three Liberation Army members were killed. A number of former members of the Liberation Army continue to live in Nanikhir.
Demographics.
Nanikhir consists of three wards and seven mahallas. The village has a population of 5000; with 56.42% being male and 47.58% female. The population density is 840 per km2. The literacy rate is 91.72%. The village has nine mosques and two temples.
Education and recreation.
Overall literacy in the village is 91.72%; 51.95% of those literate are males, while females make up 39.77%. The village has a state high school, Nanikhir High School, three state primary schools, one Alia Madrasa, five community schools and twelve satellite schools.
The village is home to the Shahed Zinnah Smrity Jubo Shango & Cultural organization. There are three cultural clubs, three rural public libraries, three local theatre groups and a number of women's organisations.
Economy.
The main occupation in the village is agriculture (43.09%), with 23.45% employed as agricultural labourers 23.45%. Other occupations are as general waged labourer (2.21%), commerce (10.10%), service (7.69%), fishing (1.71%), industry (1.11%), hawking (2.32%), construction (1.39%), with another 6.93% engaged in 'other' activities.
The main crops grown in the village are rice, wheat, jute, sugarcane, onions, garlic, betel leaf, vegetables and sweet potatoes. Linseed, sesame, indigo, china and kaun used to be grown, but have largely died out. Fruit is also grown, including mangoes, jackfruit, papayas, palms, lemons, lychee, coconuts, guava and bananas. There are also a number of poultries, fisheries, dairies and hatcheries.
The village is connected by road to Dhaka via Muksudpur Upazila, though few roads pass through the village. There are some peat and coal deposits, and a number of fairs and bazaars take place in the village. The main exports are jute, onions, wheat, rice and potatoes.
Non-governmental organizations.
A number of non-governmental organizations (NGOs) are active in the area, including the Bangladesh Development Acceleration Organisation (BDAO), BRAC, Proshika, Grameen Bank, Caritas, CCDB, ASA, World Vision and HCCB.
Medical.
The village is home to the Nanikhir Union health complex, four family planning centres, three satellite clinics and the Nanikhir Government Hospital.
Heritage.
The Nanikhir Nava-Ratna Temple, a fine example of terracotta art in Bangladesh, built during the period of Mughal rule, There are also a number of local sites of natural beauty located hare.

</doc>
<doc id="18681045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681045" title="Frederick William Johnston">
Frederick William Johnston

Frederick William Johnston was an administrator in British India, he served as the Chief Commissioner of Balochistan in the 1920s during colonial rule, as well as the Chief Political Resident of the Persian Gulf.

</doc>
<doc id="18681046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681046" title="Robert Quimby">
Robert Quimby

Robert Quimby (born 1976) is an American astronomer who received his Ph.D. in Astronomy from the University of Texas at Austin. As a lead member of the Texas Supernova Survey, Quimby and his team used the relatively small 18-inch ROTSE-IIIb robotic telescope on McDonald Observatory’s Mount Fowlkes, along with a program he designed to track supernovae. In 2005, Quimby discovered SN2005ap, at this writing the brightest explosion ever recorded. Quimby measured the burst at 100 billion times the luminosity of our sun, at a distance of 4.7 billion light years. As a comparison, this supernova occurred 160 million years before the formation of the Earth. Quimby continues his research at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, California.
From 1994-1995, Quimby played trombone with the ska band Reel Big Fish.

</doc>
<doc id="18681061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681061" title="1982 San Francisco 49ers season">
1982 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1982 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's 33rd in the league. The team was coming off a Super Bowl victory over the Cincinnati Bengals. However, 1982 was strike-shortened, and only nine games were played. This season was the only one in an 18 season streak in which the 49ers did not win at least 10 games. This 49ers team was also the only team in history to win more than half its road games while losing all its home games. The 49ers were the fifth team in NFL history to enter a season as the defending Super Bowl champion and miss the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="18681064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681064" title="Colforsin">
Colforsin

Colforsin (INN) is a water-soluble derivative of forskolin.

</doc>
<doc id="18681072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681072" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bandung">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bandung

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bandung () is a diocese located in the city of Bandung in the ecclesiastical province of Jakarta in Indonesia. The see is currently vacant after Bishop Johannes Pujasumarta was appointed as the Archbishop of Semarang. Bishop Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo of Jakarta is currently the Apostolic Administrator sede vacante of the diocese, until a new bishop is appointed.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bandung has 14 parochial churches. Nine of them are located inside the city. The other five are located outside Bandung.
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bandung's Parochial Churches outside of Bandung City:

</doc>
<doc id="18681092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681092" title="Velhote">
Velhote

Velhote is a typical dessert of the parish of Valadares, Vila Nova de Gaia.
Velhotes were baked for the first time in the 1880s by Maria Francisca da Silva - "A Braguesa" (a lady, who came from Braga) and soon became popular. Only a few of velhotes' history is known, but the legend says that when king Carlos I and Queen Amélie of Orleans came to Porto, they ate velhotes.
Velhotes are a kind of sweet bread with sugar and cinnamon and are typically served on Saturdays and by the time of Sr. dos Aflitos, Valadares' most important religious feast.
The original recipe.
The original recipe included flour, sugar, eggs, cinnamon, lemon juice, yeast and saffron, but the way of baking this sweet bread has changed a lot since the 19th century.
Confraria dos Velhotes.
There is a "confraria gastronómica" (gastronomic brotherhood) in Valadares (Confraria Gastronómica do Velhote) which intends to dignify and spread the existence of "Velhote" as a typical sweet.

</doc>
<doc id="18681104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681104" title="Jeffrey Koo Sr.">
Jeffrey Koo Sr.

Jeffrey Koo, Sr. (; September 8, 1933 - December 6, 2012) was a Taiwanese banker and the chairman of Chinatrust, a financial holding company.
Early Years.
Koo was born in 1933 in Taichū Prefecture during Japanese rule in Taiwan. He graduated from Soochow University in Taipei in 1957 with a BA in accounting, moved to New York (lived in Brooklyn Heights) and graduated from New York University in 1962 with a MBA.
Family Connections.
Koo is a nephew of Koo Chen-fu (founder of Koos Group) and Koo Kuan-min.
Koo has a daughter and three sons, the eldest being Jeffrey Koo Jr.. All his children have connections to Chinatrust.
Business Empire and Fortune.
After working in the United States Koo return to Taiwan, Koo founded what is now Chinatrust Commercial Bank with Koo Chen-fu in 1966.
In June 2008, Forbes ranked him as the sixth richest individual in Taiwan, with a net worth of US$ 2.8 billion. He is also an alumnus of Eisenhower Fellowships and a member of the Board of Trustees.
Death.
Koo went to New York for treatment for Parkinson's and died on December 6, 2012. Koo is survived by his wife, three sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18681108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681108" title="Ronald Seeber">
Ronald Seeber

Ronald Seeber is an American college professor of Labor Relations at Cornell University. He made his first television appearance on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart" on January 7, 2008 to talk about the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike when the show had no writers. He received a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Iowa State University in 1975, and an A.M. (1977) and Ph.D. (1981) from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is a Professor of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University in Ithaca, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="18681111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681111" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor () is a diocese located in the city of Bogor in the Ecclesiastical province of Jakarta in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18681115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681115" title="Edmond James">
Edmond James

Edmond Henry Salt James was an administrator in British India, he twice served as the Chief Commissioner of Balochistan in the 1920s during colonial rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18681116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681116" title="Sahara (The Rippingtons album)">
Sahara (The Rippingtons album)

Sahara is The Rippingtons' seventh album which was released in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="18681124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681124" title="Karl Heine">
Karl Heine

Ernst Karl (sometimes also Carl) Erdmann Heine (January 10, 1819 – August 25, 1888) was a lawyer in Leipzig and a major entrepreneur and industrial pioneer who shaped the face of the western suburbs of Leipzig.
Life.
Karl Heine was born in Leipzig, to the owner of Neuscherbitz Estate, Johann Carl Friedrich Heine, and his wife Christiana Dorothea, née Reichel (1781–1857). He attended the "Thomasschule zu Leipzig", a public boarding school in Leipzig. Later he studied law at the University of Leipzig - he was member of the Corps Saxonia Leipzig fraternity. He received a doctorate on the economic use of waterways and shores according to Saxon state law. Then he established himself in Leipzig as a barrister.
After the death of his grandfather E.T. Reichel (1748–1832), Karl Heine bought the shares of Reichel's Garden from another heir, took these parcels of land and from the middle of the 19th century on, he gradually built what is today the inner western suburb of Leipzig.
In 1854, Heine also expanded his estate in the "Gemeinde Plagwitz" district of Leipzig; in 1856, he began the construction of the first section of a navigable canal connecting the rivers Weisse Elster and Saale, which today bears his name ("Karl-Heine-Kanal"). The excavation of the canal reclaimed what was later to become the western suburb of Leipzig. To institute his plans for construction and industrialization, Heine established an "economy" in Plagwitz.
When the western suburb was connected to "Gemeinde Plagwitz", Heine constructed the "Plagwitzer Straße" (today named "Käthe-Kollwitz-Straße"), a street to the south of the old highway from Leipzig to Lindenau, which ran parallel to the new street. Against the opposition of the Leipzig council, he also built the Plagwitz bridge, which connected to the "Leipziger Straße" in Plagwitz (today: "Karl-Heine-Straße").
Karl Heine was a member of the Saxon Diet from 1870 to his death. He was also a representative in the Leipzig city council.
In 1874, he moved into his newly built villa in Neuschleußig (Karl-Heine-Villa, "Könneritzstraße 1"), where he dwelled until his death.
In 1876, a construction scheme was approved which encompassed merging Karl Heine's meadows and fields in the northern part of Schleußig ("Neuschleußig") with Bernhard Hüffer's (1824–1904) estate and extensive undeveloped forest land. These areas would be designated new residential areas. 
On May 24, 1888, Heine founded the "Westend-Baugesellschaft", a construction company, to continue his work in developing the Leipzig economy after his death.
Since 1854, Karl Heine had also been a member of the Leipzig masonic lodge "Apollo". He died on August 25, 1888, aged 69, in Leipzig.
Honours.
In 1897, the city of Leipzig honoured Karl Heine with a monument. The monument was melted down in the Second World War, but newly constructed in 2001. There are numerous streets and one plaza named after him. ("Erdmannstraße", 1891; "Karl-Heine-Straße", 1904; "Karl-Heine-Platz", et al.)
In 2003, a Leipzig vocational school adopted the name of "Karl-Heine-Schule".

</doc>
<doc id="18681125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681125" title="Sibir Energy">
Sibir Energy

Sibir Energy is a London-based Russian public limited company, whose primary line of business is petroleum and natural gas exploration in Siberia. Its shares were traded on the Alternative Investment Market, part of the London Stock Exchange. As of 2011, it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gazprom Neft.
History.
Sibir was founded in 1996, and since then it had pursued an integrated model for its business operations by retaining a focus on retail as well as its core exploration, extraction and refinery activities.
On 21 August 2009, Gazprom Neft made a bid to take over all shares in Sibir Energy. On 15 February 2011, it announced becoming the only shareholder in Sibir Energy after the withdrawal of the Moscow government-controlled Central Fuel Company.
Operations.
The company's primary assets are Salym oil fields in Nefteyugansk area, a 51% voting share in Moscow Oil Refinery, operated in partnership with Gazprom Neft, and a substantial interest in Moscow-based gasoline retail networks. Through its subsidiary, Magma, Sibir Energy has interests in the Yuzhnoye and Orekhovskoye fields in West Siberia. It owns the Moscow Oil and Gas Company (formerly: The Moscow Oil Company).
Listing.
Before takeover by Gazprom Neft, Sibir Energy's shares were traded on the Alternative Investment Market. The largest shareholders were Gazprom Neft and the Moscow city government together with the Bank of Moscow. A minor stake was hold by Sberbank, pledged as loan collateral by Russian businessman Shalva Chigirinsky.
Management.
Chairman of the company is Vadim Yakovlev and CEO is Igor Tsibelman. Non-executive directors are Dmitry Bekker, Maxim Viktorov and Andrei Martianov.
Investigations.
In late February 2009, Sibir Energy suspended its chief executive with immediate effect and launched an investigation into property dealings that the company had agreed with one of its former largest shareholders Shalva Chigirinsky. The company is suing Shalva Chigirinsky for at least US$325 million for a failed bid to sell his real estate assets to the company.
On July 8 2009, Russian police raided into the company's Moscow office and took away some corporate documents.

</doc>
<doc id="18681135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681135" title="Jacob Abraham de Mist">
Jacob Abraham de Mist

Jacob Abraham Uitenhage de Mist (20 April 1749 – 3 August 1823) was a Dutch statesman. He was Head of State of the National Assembly of the Batavian Republic from 17 April 1797 – 1 May 1797 and Commissioner-General of the Cape Colony during the interregnum from 21 February 1803 – 25 September 1804 in accordance with the short-lived Treaty of Amiens. The Cape Colony had been under Dutch control from 1652. In 1795 it was occupied by the British following the Battle of Muizenberg but under the final terms of peace between Great Britain, France and the Netherlands – then the Batavian Republic – in 1802, the colony was restored to the Batavian Republic.
Education and career.
Born in Zaltbommel on 20 April 1749, de Mist studied Roman Dutch law at the University of Leiden, from 17 September 1766 to 1 July 1768. He practised law in Kampen from 1768 to 1769 and held the following positions thereafter:
Appointment by the Batavian States-General.
The States-General resolved that the executive and legislative authority of the Cape Colony should be committed to a governor and a council of four members, of whom one at least should be, by birth or long residence, a colonist. The governor was to be also commander of the troops. The high court of justice was to be independent of the other branches of the government, and was to consist of a president and six members, all of them versed in the law. Trade with the possessions of the Batavian Republic everywhere was to be subject only to a very small duty. With these principles as a basis, the task of drawing up a plan of administration was entrusted to De Mist, an advocate of high standing and a member of the council for the Asiatic possessions and establishments.
The document prepared by De Mist gave such satisfaction that he was sent out to receive the colony from the English, install the Dutch officials, and make such regulations as he might find necessary.
A very able military officer and man of high moral worth – Lieutenant-General Jan Willem Janssens – was appointed governor and was also commander-in-chief of the garrison for which three thousand one hundred and fifty soldiers were provided, and councillors and judges were selected.
Commission at the Cape of Good Hope.
De Mist reached Cape Town on 23 December, and next morning went to reside in the Castle of Good Hope. On the 30th, General Dundas issued a proclamation absolving the inhabitants of the colony from the oath of allegiance to His Britannic Majesty (George III) on and after 1 January 1803. After a temporary withdrawal of the order to hand over control, at sunset on the evening of Sunday 20 February 1803 the English guards were relieved by Dutch soldiers, and next morning the Batavian flag was hoisted on the castle. De Mist announced that after making himself acquainted with the condition of the county, it would be his duty to prepare a charter which, however, would require ratification by the States-General.
In February 1804, De Mist issued a proclamation which formed several wards of the colony into a new district which General Janssens named Uitenhage after a title in De Mist's family. He also reorganised other areas, creating Tulbagh in the same year. This was intended to ease administration by dividing the colony into less disparate geographic areas. The settlement was previously divided for magisterial and fiscal purposes into four districts – the Cape, Stellenbosch, Swellendam and Graaff-Reinet, – this reorganisation divided it into six of smaller size and he stantioned landdrosts in the two new districts.
Freedom of religion.
In July 1804 a proclamation was published by De Mist declaring that all religious societies that worshipped an Almighty Being were to enjoy equal protection under the law, and that no civil privileges were to be attached to any creed. This ordinance also provided for the establishment of schools under control of the government and not belonging to any religious body.
Another ordinance of De Mist had reference to marriage and ended the need to travel to Cape Town to obtain a marriage licence and be married by a clergyman. The ordinance permitted couples to be married by a landdrost and two heemraden.
When the colony was reoccupied by the British in 1806 at the end of the interregnum, the provisions of the proclamation were annulled and not re-established until 1820.
Resignation.
In September 1804 De Mist laid down his authority as commissioner-general so that the governor would have greater freedom to act with vigour. The great question of the time was how to place the colony in a condition for defence, as no one doubted that sooner or later it would be attacked by the British. De Mist professed to know nothing of military matters and thought that the governor, upon whom the responsibility would fall, should have sole authority, although they had worked together in perfect concord.
Family life.
De Mist was the son of a clergyman, Arnoldus de Mist, and Geertruida Verstrinck.
He was married three times.
His first marriage was to Amalia Strubberg on 20 September 1772 in Cleves. They were divorced on 10 December 1783.
His second marriage was to Elisabeth Morré on 8 May 1796 in Beverwijk. They were divorced on 8 January 1800.
His third marriage was to Magdalena de Jonge on 20 December 1808 in The Hague.
He had four sons and two daughters by his first marriage. He died 3 August 1823, in Voorburg.
Publications.
"Advys van het ontwerp voor eene constitutie voor het volk van Nederland." (Notice of a plan for a constitution for the people of the Netherlands.) (1796)

</doc>
<doc id="18681139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681139" title="Manchester Grand Hyatt Hotel">
Manchester Grand Hyatt Hotel

Manchester Grand Hyatt Hotel is a high-rise building in San Diego composed of two towers. The towers are the third and seventh tallest buildings in the city. Developed by San Diego developer Doug Manchester and owned by Host Hotels & Resorts, the taller tower is the tallest building on the waterfront on the West Coast, and with 1,625 rooms, it is Southern California's largest hotel. Because of its proximity to the waterfront, as well as its amenities, the Manchester Grand Hyatt is referred to as a spa and resort.
Description.
The Manchester Grand Hyatt consists of two towers, the 40-story Harbor Tower built in 1992 and the 33-story Seaport Tower which was added in 2003. Starting in 2012, all of the guest rooms and suites had a complete renovation when the property was transferred to new ownership. A four-story building with a rooftop pool connects the towers to each other. The hotel's 1,628 guest rooms each have partial water or city views, and many offer views of the Pacific Ocean. All rooms are equipped with Wi-Fi Internet access, and iPod docking stations.
The hotel has three bars: the Top of the Hyatt, Redfield's Sports Bar, and the Grand Lobby Bar. The third floor holds the Kin Spa with its private pool and the fourth floor holds the general swimming pool, whirlpools, and sun decks for all guests.
Top of the Hyatt.
The 40th and top floor of the Manchester Grand Hyatt is known as the "Top of the Hyatt", a bar with views of San Diego, Coronado Island, and Mexico. The bar was awarded the title of "Best Upscale Bar" by "SignOnSanDiego"."
Kin Oasis.
Kin Oasis is an adult-only pool (ages 21 above) located on the third floor of Harbor Tower. The rooftop pool includes bottle service, cabana rentals, and hosts pool parties on holiday weekends in conjunction with Fortune Industries.
Location.
The Manchester Grand Hyatt is located on the Marina’s waterfront, a few blocks away from the Gaslamp Quarter, Seaport Village, as well as the San Diego Convention Center. The San Diego Trolley stops near the hotel which connects to several lines to reach the majority of the San Diego metropolitan area. The hotel is located only 3 miles from the San Diego Airport, less than a mile from Petco Park, an Amtrak train station, and Woodbury University's San Diego campus.
Proposition 8 controversy.
Doug Manchester, Chairman of Manchester Financial Group, sparked controversy in 2008 when he backed California's Proposition 8 with financial support in the amount of $125,000. The money was donated before Proposition 8 was a ballot initiative. Before a proposition can be officially placed on a ballot for voter consideration, 700,000 signatures need to be gathered. The $125,000 donated was used by supporters of the proposition to pay professionals to acquire signatures in an effort to solidify the initiative's place on the ballot. When asked about his contribution, Manchester was quoted as saying, "When they say that we cannot say that a marriage is between a man and a woman, that's where I draw the line." While Manchester has admitted that he "supports" his employees who are gay and lesbian, he cites the fact that he is Catholic as a motivation behind his actions. 
Boycott.
The support caused an immediate response from gay-rights organizations, including GLAAD, which canceled any events that were to be held at the hotel. Labor unions, including Hotel Workers Union Local 30, publicly admonished Manchester for his actions, with one member describing Proposition 8 as "pure and simple discrimination." In addition, a boycott from Proposition 8 protesters quickly followed. The boycott was originally intended to last one-year, but subsequent protests of other Hyatt locations continued after that duration.
The Global Hyatt Corporation has made an attempt to separate Manchester's views from that of the managing corporation. The Global Hyatt contends that Manchester does not speak on their behalf, and that they have a proven history of supporting gay and lesbian rights. In addition, the Global Hyatt Corporation has issued a statement that asserts many Hyatt hotels, including the Manchester Grand Hyatt, offer benefits to domestic partners of employees, which is optional for businesses. Californians Against Hate, a gay-rights activist group, has estimated that the boycott resulted in a loss of over $7 million, despite Manchester's attempt to reach out the gay community through room credits and donations. The marketing manager for the hotel, Kelly Commerford, has confirmed that cancellations resulting directly from the protest, cost the hotel $2.4 million. This figure does not include estimates for those who choose other accommodations due to the boycott. The developer, Manchester, claims that the boycotting unions are using gay marriage support as a screen "to cover real goal of organizing" the hotel's workers.

</doc>
<doc id="18681152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681152" title="Lac de Lessy">
Lac de Lessy

Lac de Lessy is a lake at Le Petit-Bornand-les-Glières in the Haute-Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="18681153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681153" title="Jamie Howarth">
Jamie Howarth

Jamie Howarth is an American television and film composer and musical director. Howarth also restores damaged soundtracks from old films. He owns a company for sound restoration, called Plangent Processes. One of its more notable restorations is the soundtrack for the 1958 production of "South Pacific", starring Mitzi Gaynor and Rossano Brazzi. The restored version of the track was released in 2006.
Howarth was born in Philadelphia, and, as of 2002, resides in Nantucket. He lived in New York City, New York, in the eighties and nineties, during which period he worked at various media facilities including the Hit Factory, ABC-TV, and AudioTechniques.
Awards and nominations.
He has been nominated for four Daytime Emmy awards for his work on "One Life to Live", and won three times; twice in 2000 for Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series and Outstanding Achievement in Live & Direct to Tape Sound Mixing for a Drama Series, and once in 2001 for Outstanding Achievement in Live & Direct to Tape Sound Mixing for a Drama Series. His nomination in 1995 was for Outstanding Drama Series Directing Team. He also won a Directors Guild of America award in 2000, for Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Daytime Serials, for his work on "One Life to Live".
His first Daytime Emmy nomination was shared with Jill Mitwell, Peter Miner, David Pressman, Lonny Price, Gary Tomlin, Frank Valentini, Jim McDonald, Tracy Casper Lang, Mary Kelly Rodden, and James Sayegh. His first win was shared with Paul Glass, David Nichtern, Dominic Messinger, Kevin Bents, Lee Holdridge, Bette Sussman, and Rob Mounsey. His Directors Guild of America win was shared with Jill Mitwell, Owen Renfroe, Alan P. Needleman, 
Richard A. Manfredi, and Teresa Anne Cicala.
Howarth's company, Plangent Processes, received a Grammy award for Best Historical Album in 2008, for their restoration of "", a recorded live performance by Woody Guthrie, in 1949. Plangent Processes has also restored master tapes for the Grateful Dead, the Neil Young Archive and The Andy Warhol Estate among others.

</doc>
<doc id="18681159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681159" title="Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's handball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics was held from August 10 to August 24, at the Olympic Sports Centre Gymnasium and National Indoor Stadium in Beijing. Twelve nations are represented in the men's tournament.
The four best teams from each group advanced to the quarterfinal round, 5th and 6th teams in each group are classified 9th-12th by the results of their group matches. The losers of quarterfinal matches competed in the 5th-8th place matches by the same elimination system as the winners of the quarterfinals.
This event was the last to be completed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Preliminary round.
Seeding.
The draw for the groups was held 16 June 2008.
Medal round.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Rankings and statistics.
All star team.
Chosen by team officials and IHF experts: IHF.info

</doc>
<doc id="18681180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681180" title="Danesh Net">
Danesh Net

Danesh Net is an Internet Service Provider, based in Nimroz, Afghanistan Founded in 2005. Danesh Net is the first private ISP in Nimroz, providing Internet services for both residential and business customers.

</doc>
<doc id="18681184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681184" title="Caldwell, East Renfrewshire">
Caldwell, East Renfrewshire

Caldwell is a mansion and old estate with the remains of a castle nearby. These lands lie close to the Lugton Water and the villages of Uplawmoor in East Renfrewshire and Lugton in East Ayrshire.
History.
Caldwell Castle and tower.
The Caldwell Tower (NS 4223 5512), stands on a mound, and is a small, free-standing tower of probable 16th-century origin. Square on plan, of good coursed rubble, it contains three stories beneath the parapet. This is carried on two courses of individual corbels. The crenellations seem to have been renewed.
The door at ground floor level is in the west wall and admits to a vaulted basement, which does not communicate with the upper stories. The first floor, also vaulted, is reached via a modern forestair. The flooring above has been altered. The windows are small, and there are signs of built-up gun-loops in the walling. The fabric throughout is in fair condition. This tower is thought to have been part of the courtyard-type Caldwell Castle. Rubble, possibly from demolished ancillary buildings has been noted at the site.
Ainslie's map of 1775 indicates a 'pigeon house' or 'doocot' at the position of the tower, indicating a later use of this castle remnant. Some indications of the tower being a focal point of the pleasure gardens, linked to a belvedere have been suggested. The 1832 map of Renfrewshire by John Thomson shows the tower clearly and marks it as 'Bacon H.' suggesting that it was then in use as a pigsty or such-like.
In 2011 the tower was restored for use as a dwelling with the addition of a small ground-floor extension and a staircase to first-floor level. The restoration is the subject of much controversy.
The Mures, Caldwell House and the estate.
The Mures.
In 1294 the estate of Caldwell had boundaries which marched with the Steward's forest of Fereneze. Sir Reginald More or Mure, of Abercorn, held the lands of Cowdams near Symington even before 1328 and his son Gilchrist Mure of Cowdams acquired the lands and castle of Caldwell through marriage to the heiress of Caldwell of that Ilk. John Mure was designed 'of Caldwell' in 1409. In about 1450 Ramshead, Biggart, and Little Highgate (in the Barony of Giffen) lands were granted to the family. The estate of Little Caldwell remained with the Caldwells of that Ilk until the late 17th century and was added later to the larger estate by purchase. The most ancient seat of the Mure family was Polkelly, near Kilmarnock.
When King David II was taken prisoner at the battle of Nevill's Cross, Sir William Mure of Caldwell was appointed as one of the twelve nobles who negotiated the terms for his release. He was held as hostage until the ransom was paid in full.
William Mure was a Baron of the Scottish Exchequer and factor for the Scottish estates of the Earl of Bute. The Mure family were connected through marriage with Oliver Cromwell, the Lord Protector.
William and Alexander Cuninghame of Aiket castle were accused of the murder of Sir John Muir of Caldwell on the lands of Bordland in 1570, but were acquitted. Alexander was involved in the murder of Hugh, 4th Earl of Eglinton at the Annick Ford in Stewarton and was murdered in turn as a result, whilst the father was poisoned by his own wife!
Colonel William Mure the laird in the early 20th century, was married to the Honorable Lady Georgiana Montgomerie of Eglinton Castle, eldest daughter of the Earl of Eglinton and Winton.
The burial vault of the Mures of Caldwell is in Neilston church, under the gothic window at the north end of the church. Only those Mures who were in the direct line of succession were permitted to be buried here. The family's patronage of Neilston church was later disposed to the Mures of Glanderston.
The Mansion houses.
As stated, the old castle of Caldwell sat on a knoll of the sloping hill-side to the south-west of Lochlibo. Only one tower remained as a prominent landmark after the times of the Covenanters and today's (2007) surviving tower is this same remnant. A new mansion house was built around 1712 by William Mure on the lands of Ramshead, however the present Robert Adam designed house was built by his son, William 'Baron Mure' about 200 yards lower down from the original. Caldwell is the last in a series of early experimental houses in the castle style which began in England with Ugbrooke House and in Scotland with Mellerstain House in Berwickshire. The house is protected as a Category A listed building.
In 1799, Jean Hunter Mure, writing from Caldwell, records that "Mr Mure is at present in the very agony of making a new garden on the Brandy Hill behind the stables and offices. He has converted the old house into stables and means next year to take away the offices entirely which will make an immense improvement to the place for at present they are not a beautiful ornament."
Caldwell House was the Mure family home until 1909. In 1927 Govan District Health Board converted the building into a hospital for the mentally insane and later a children's home which operated until 1985. Alterations, including the removal of the main stair to accommodate a lift shaft, led to a general decline in the state of the interior. External changes also occurred. These included fire escapes and additional boiler room and laundry buildings attached to the house. In 1987 the estate was sold off in lots by the Secretary of State. In 1995 a serious fire caused further internal deterioration and the loss of most of the roof. The building has been on the Scottish Civic Trust's Buildings at Risk register for some years. In 2006 attempts to secure restoration of the building through a Council led restoration project were initiated.
The policies and estate.
The holm in front of Caldwell House was called 'Blackstands Meadow' on the 1860 OS and other areas are called 'Bells Bog', 'William Covert', 'Melons Wood', 'Ram's Head', 'Crow Wood' and finally 'Horner's Corner' where a large garden centre has been established over the last decade or so (2007). The Saugh Avenue (Scots for Willow) runs from the back of Caldwell House, across the Blackstands holm, crosses the Lugton Water and joins the A736 near the Fifthpart Covert just before the old brickworks site. This was the main entrance in the 1820s and 'Keepers cottage' may be the building marked on Saugh avenue. The road originally continued along the line of what is now a plantation to join up with the lane near Fifthpart farm. The brickworks site opposite Horners corner was called the Castlewat Plantation on Thomson's 1820 map.
The name 'Blackstands' may derive from 'Blackston' as the Mure's were the Lairds of Blackston. Nether Ramshead was a Mure property from early times, being recorded as such in 1617, together with "Cawdamis (near Symington), Hiegaittis, Knokewart and Dunyflat".
Sir William Cunninghame of Cunninghamhead married Elizabeth Nicolson in 1619 and had a daughter Barbara, who married William Mure of Caldwell. She suffered greatly for her presbyterian beliefs in 'the bad times' of the 'Highland Host', as did her father. Waterlands is recorded since 1603 as belonging to John Montgomery of Achenbothy and passed in to the hands of the Caldwell estate before becoming privately owned.
Duniflett, now Duniflatt was part of the estate in 1604, up until at least the 1880s. Muirtoun is marked by Pont, but seems to have been covered by the extended plantations established by Lieutenant-Colonel William Mure.
A raid upon Glasgow's Bishop's castle.
In 1515 Glasgow's Bishop's Castle was rifled by John Mure, Laird of Caldwell during the earliest days of what was to became the Scottish Reformation. The laird besieged with artillery and took the castle, he then "made off with the bishop's principal goods and chattels as fair and legitimate booty." James V was a child still and the Duke of Albany was the regent. He was made to answer to the Lords of Council, found guilty and was forced to pay reparation. His actions reflected the people's growing unease with the power and wealth of the church.
Covenanters and the Pentland Rising.
In 1666 an armed rising of the Covenanters took place under Colonel Wallace which ended in disaster at the Battle of Pentland. William Mure of Caldwell, the Laird of Blackston in Renfrewshire, was the leader of a group of about fifty, including the famous zealot Robert Ker of Kersland, who hoped to join up, but they were prevented by the presence of the King's troops. William, despite assisting the King's troops in prosecuting the others in his group, lost his lands to General Dalziel. The family regained the property after the overthrow of King James VII in 1688.
Hall of Caldwell.
This property (Map ref: NS 4141 5504), sitting on the B775 Gleniffer Road, was also known as Little or Wester Caldwell; it sits in the hamlet or fram town of Hall, next to Hall Farm. In the 17th century it returned a Member to the Scottish Parliament, the 'Guidman of that Ilk,' the title referring to a person who held land from a Laird. The Laird sent the tenant of the Hall of Caldwell to Parliament in his place and paid his expenses of £13 6s 8d. In 1909 Colonel Mure extended the hall by adding a commodious 'modern' addition. In 1927 the architects Allan Stevenson, Mair & Cassells, were responsible for further addition, alterations and a new garden wall.
Previous to the Covenanting times the open green in front of the old Hall of Caldwell was a favourite place for dance gatherings on summer Sunday evenings, with people coming from Neilston, Lochwinnoch, and Beith.
In the 1870s a Robert Montgomerie, who had occupied the farm of Bruchag on Bute left for Hall of Caldwell and later moved to Lessnessock. John Cuninghame Montgomerie of Dalmore House was a relative.
Micro history.
A local tradition was that an underground passage or Ley tunnel ran from Caldwell House to the old Lugton Inn (now demolished), however a search by owners in the cellars did not revealed any signs of a hidden passage.
Like many of the other Cunninghame lairds, the Mures had a townhouse in Irvine.
Mr. Mure of Caldwell attended the Eglinton Tournament of 1839.
A station called Caldwell existed near Uplawmoor. It opened in 1871 and was renamed to Uplawmoor upon the closure of the station with the same name on the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire Railway in 1962. In 1966 Caldwell was renamed 'Tannochbrae' and dressed with period detail for one day on 11 October to allow the filming of an episode of Dr Finlay's Casebook. 'J36' 0-6-0 No. 65345 was provided for the filming, together with two Caledonian coaches.
The Lochlibo Road runs through the strath and this was the old turnpike, completed from Glasgow by Lugton, to Kilmarnock, Irvine and Ayr in 1820 at the cost of £18,000.
The ten acre Halket Loch once lay near the toll road fron Duniflat between the various Halket Farms, Lochridgehills, and Craighead Law.
The hamlet of Shillford lies on the Lochlibo Road near Uplawmoor. This settlement grew up around the old toll on the Irvine to Glasgow turnpike.

</doc>
<doc id="18681198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681198" title="Have Doughnut">
Have Doughnut

Have Doughnut was the name of a Defense Intelligence Agency project whose purpose was to evaluate and exploit a MiG-21 "Fishbed-E" that the United States Air Force acquired in 1967 from Israel. Israel acquired the aircraft on August 16, 1966, when Iraqi Air Force pilot Capt. Munir Redfa, in a defection pre-arranged by the Israeli Mossad Intelligence Agency, flew it to Israel during a training flight.
In this multi-service project, Air Force and United States Navy pilots evaluated the MiG-21, redesignated as the "YF-110", in a variety of situations. The project's name came from the "doughnut" shaped sight reticle on the F-4 Phantom's canopy used to aim at the opposing aircraft. The inability of the Navy to disseminate the results of this highly classified project to combat pilots was part of the impetus to create the United States Navy Fighter Weapons School. The Have Doughnut tests were conducted at Area 51.

</doc>
<doc id="18681199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681199" title="Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Handball at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's handball tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics is being held from August 9 to August 23, at the Olympic Sports Centre Gymnasium and National Indoor Stadium in Beijing. Twelve nations are represented in the women's tournament.
The four best teams from each group will advance to the quarterfinal round, 5th and 6th teams in each group are classified 9th-12th by the results of their group matches. The losers of quarterfinal matches will compete in the 5th-8th classification matches by the same elimination system as the winners of the quarterfinals.
Three time consecutive defending Champion Denmark were not part of the 2008 Olympics Handball Tournament, as they did not qualify from the The 2007 World Women's Handball Championship.
Qualification.
Olympic Qualifying Tournaments:
Preliminary round.
Seeding.
The draw for the groups was held 16 June 2008.
Medal Round.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Rankings and Statistics.
All Star Team.
Chosen by team officials and IHF experts: IHF.info

</doc>
<doc id="18681204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681204" title="Lin Rong-San">
Lin Rong-San

Lin Rong-San (; born May 27, 1939), born in Lujhou, Taipei, is a Taiwanese politician, publisher and businessman. He was the founder of Union Bank of Taiwan, and the publisher of Liberty Times and Taipei Times. In June 2008, the magazine Forbes ranked him as the seventh richest of Taiwan, with a net worth of US$2.7 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="18681221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681221" title="Charles Edward Bruce">
Charles Edward Bruce

Charles Edward Bruce was an administrator in British India, he served as the Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan in the 1920s during colonial rule.

</doc>
<doc id="18681227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681227" title="Joseph Melcher">
Joseph Melcher

Joseph Melcher (March 19, 1806 – December 20, 1873) was the first Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Green Bay.
Born in Vienna, Austria, he was ordained to the Roman Catholic priesthood on March 27, 1830 for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis. On March 3, 1868, Pope Pius IX appointed him the first Bishop of the Green Bay Diocese and he was ordained a bishop on July 12, 1868. He died in Green Bay, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="18681231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681231" title="Kiran Khan">
Kiran Khan

Kiran Khan (born December 21, 1989 in Pakistan) is an Olympic swimmer, and one of the first international female swimmers for Pakistan, where she holds national records. She first came to national attention at the 28th Pakistan National Games in 2001, where she won 7 gold medals, 3 silver medals and 3 bronze medals, although she was the youngest swimmer at the games. After this performance she was named "Golden Girl". The smoothness of her four swimming strokes is well known. Khan is a powerful back stroker and individual medley swimmer. She won gold medals at the third and fourth World Islamic Games and at the first South Asian Swimming Championship in 2007.
Early life.
Kiran Khan was born to Khalid Zaman, businessman and former international swimmer, and his wife Dr. Shagufta Khalid. She was brought up in Lahore in a religious family. Kiran Khan began swimming at the age of three and turned professional in 2001. She was trained by her father. She is currently attending Kean University.
Career.
After her success at the Pakistan National Games, Khan represented Pakistan in the 17th Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England in 2002. She placed first of three swimmers in heat one of the 50 meter backstroke, but her time, albeit quick by Pakistan standards In 2003, Kiran Khan took part in the 14th Asian Games held in Korea, where she was the only Pakistani swimmer to reach to the finals, qualifying in the 100 meter freestyle. Later that year, she broke a national record in the 200 meter individual medley at the 10th World Final Swimming Championship in Spain, then broke a neonatal record at the First Afro Asian Games held in India.
In 2004, Khan won eight medals (six silver, two bronze) at the 9th South Asian Games in Islamabad. At the 29th National Games, also in Islamabad, she won 13 gold medals and set three new national records. The following year, Khan set multiple national records at the 11th World Fina Swimming Championship in Montreal and the 4th World Islamic Games in where the whole Pakistan contingent got 19 medal in total and 9 medals (2 golds 4 silver 3 bronze ) belong to KIRAN KHAN Iran. She had success at the 5th and 6th National Senior Swimming Championships in Karachi and Lahore, winning eight and twelve gold medals respectively and breaking 3 national records .
During 2006, she broke national records at the 18th Commonwealth Games in Australia, the 10th SAF Games in Sri Lanka won 10 medals for Pakistan 6silver and 4 bronze and broke 6 national records. kiran went to 15th Asian Games in Qatar. At the 30th National Games held in Karachi, Khan earned 16 gold medals and was declared Best Player of the Games. At the 8th National Senior Swimming Championship held in Karachi in 2007, Khan won 15 golds and set three new records.
At the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, Khan ranked 17th out of 198, but she won 15 gold medals out of 19 events at the 9th National Senior Swimming Championship held in Islamabad. At the same championship the following year, she won 12 gold medals.
References.
www.kirankhanlive.com

</doc>
<doc id="18681243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681243" title="Asadullah Jan">
Asadullah Jan

Asadullah Jan is a citizen of Pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 47.
Joint Task Force -- Guantanamo analysts estimate he was born in 1981. But he says he was only sixteen when he was captured in 2001.
Joint Task Force Guantanamo analysts assert he is a citizen of Pakistan. He said he was a child of Afghan refugees, who was born in Pakistan.
Joint Task Force Guantanamo analysts assert his name was "Asad Ullah".
But in interviews with reporters with the "McClatchy News Service" in 2008 he said his name was "Asadullah Jan".
He was repatriated 16 July 2003.
McClatchy News Service interview.
On June 15, 2008 the McClatchy News Service published a series of articles based on interviews with 66 former Guantanamo captives.
Asadullah Jan
was one of thee former captives who had an article profiling him.
Asadullah Jan explained that he was returning from a visit to relatives in Zormat when he was stopped at a checkpoint in Kohat, Pakistan and apprehended around the time of Ramadan, 2001. 
He was held in Pakistan, for approximately a month before his first interrogation by Americans. 
His first interview was by a woman and two men, in civilian clothes, at the Pakistani jail. 
His interpreter said they were with the CIA, although they didn't identify themselves. He told his McClatchy interviewer their questions surprised him—apparently Pakistani security officials had told them he was a son of Osama bin Laden. The CIA officials had him transferred to US custody in the Kandahar detention facility. Guards beat him brutally upon his arrival, and routinely beat him and other captives, while he was detained there. His interrogators however never beat him. He described the conditions in the camp as primitive: 
Asadullah Jan told his interviewer he personally saw a guard drop a Koran into a latrine. 
Asadullah Jan told his interviewer he was plagued by memories of Guantanamo, that mention of the USA would bring back troubling recollections.

</doc>
<doc id="18681252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681252" title="Long-legged Bunting">
Long-legged Bunting

The Long-legged Bunting ("Emberiza alcoveri") is an extinct flightless species of bunting. It was distinguishable by its long legs and short wings, and it inhabited the Canary Islands. It is one of the few flightless Passerines known to science, all of which are extinct.
Taxonomy.
This bunting belongs to the "Emberiza" genus, and is closest related to the Cabanis's Bunting ("E. cabanisi") and the Yellowhammer ("E. citrinella"). "Emberiza" is a genus inside the Bunting family, Emberizidae, which is made up of small, seed-eating birds with distinctive bill shapes. The species name, "alcoveri", is in honor of J. A. Alcover, who contributed to fossil fauna knowledge and information.
Description.
The holotype of the Long-legged Bunting is a partial skeleton. Seven other associated skeletons were found. The bones are held at the University of La Laguna, in Tenerife, Spain. This species was distinguishable from other buntings as it was larger than existing "Emberiza" species and had longer legs, shorter wings, and a differently-shaped bill. These features indicate that the Long-legged Bunting was a ground dweller and likely flightless. This makes it one of the few known flightless Passerines known, the others being the Stephens Island Wren ("Xenicus lyalli") and the Long-billed Wren ("Dendroscansor decurvirostris"). Both of these wrens are extinct. This bunting probably was omnivorous, like the other species in its genus. It likely ate seeds and invertebrates. However, because of its differently-shaped bill, harder seeds could have been included in its diet.
Distribution and habitat.
The Long-legged Bunting was a native of the Canary Islands. Bones from this species have only been found in the volcanic cave Cueva del Viento, on the island of Tenerife. Other species that lived alongside this bunting include various birds, mammals, and lizards. This species likely lived in the Laurel forest or the transition forest, as food would be plentiful and the herb layer would protect against aerial predators.
Extinction.
The Long-legged Bunting had lived in the Canary Islands during the Upper Pleistocene to the Holocene. Humans arrived over 2,000 years ago, bringing with them invasive species such as goats, pigs, cats, and sheep. The Europeans impacted the land even more when they arrived, introducing rats to the islands and cultivating the land. The Long-legged Bunting was driven to extinction because of these invasive species and the destruction of their habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="18681253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681253" title="Alpheus Smith">
Alpheus Smith

S. Alpheus Smith (1815 – July 26, 1897) was a United States Customs House employee and the first secretary of the Republican Party (United States) general committee in Kings County, New York. He resided in Brooklyn, New York beginning in 1837. He was a native of New Jersey, living there prior to 1837.
His tenure at the Customs House in New York City lasted thirty-five years. Smith was secretary of the Republican general committee for seven years. He was a member of the Order of Odd Fellows. He served as a deputy Grand Master (order) in New York and was earlier a Grand Master in New Jersey. 
He lived to be eighty-two before dying in 1897 at his home on Clinton Street, in Brooklyn. He was survived by his wife, three sons, and two daughters. He is buried in Plainfield, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="18681257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681257" title="Harry Batshaw">
Harry Batshaw

Harry Batshaw (1902, Dubroŭna – 1984) was a Canadian lawyer and a justice of the Quebec Superior Court. Justice Batshaw was the first Jew to be appointed to a superior court in Canada.
Born in Dubroŭna in the Belarusian part of the Russian Empire, Batshaw emigrated to Canada with his parents in 1904. He graduated from the McGill University Faculty of Law in 1924. After winning a scholarship, he did postgraduate work at the University of Grenoble and the Sorbonne. Returning to Montreal, he practiced law for 25 years. In 1940, he was appointed a King's Counsel. In 1950, Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent appointed him to the Quebec Superior Court. He served until retiring in 1977.
From 1931 to 1934, he was president of Canadian Young Judea, Canada's largest Zionist youth movement. From 1944 to 1950, he was head of the public relations committee of the Zionist Organization of Canada. He was president and founder of the Canadian Friends of the Alliance Israelite Universelle and was the Quebec Co-Chairman of the Canadian Council of Christians and Jews. In 1962, he was awarded the Medal of Merit by the Government of France. In 1976 he was made an honorary Fellow of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
He was buried in Montreal's Shaar Hashomayim Congregation Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18681268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681268" title="Summer Isles (disambiguation)">
Summer Isles (disambiguation)

Summer Isles may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18681273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681273" title="Tony Ene Asuquo">
Tony Ene Asuquo

Chief Tony Ene Asuquo (b. 1966 - d. August 22, 2006 near Calabar, Cross River State) was a leader of the Bakassi Movement for Self-Determination, which seeks for the independence of Bakassi. He came to international knowledge after his group announced its intention on August 6, 2006, to seek the independence of Bakassi from Nigeria, which had recently lost an International Court of Justice case over the territory to Cameroon and was preparing, under then-president Olusegun Obasanjo, to hand over control of the territory to the Cameroonian military per the Greentree Agreement.
Prior to his death, Ene challenged the Green Tree Agreement in a Supreme Court case which listed him alongside 6 others - Chief Orok Eneyo, Chief Emmanuel Effiong Etene, Ndabu Eyo Umo Nakanda, Emmanuel Okokon Asuquo, Ita Okon Nyong, and Richard Ekpenyong - as plaintiffs. The court case was won by the plaintiffs, but the federal government of Nigeria refused to recognize the judgment.
Ene died on August 22, 2006 en route to Calabar in a car accident in which 21 people, including Ene, died; he was travelling the Calabar-Itu road to petition to the state government of Cross Rivers for the release of Richard Ekpenyong, who was being detained by the State Security Service on the orders of then-governor Donald Duke.

</doc>
<doc id="18681277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681277" title="Clobber (disambiguation)">
Clobber (disambiguation)

Clobber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18681278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681278" title="Remnant Saints Inter-Continental Congress">
Remnant Saints Inter-Continental Congress

The Remnant Saints Inter-Continental Congress is an international organization founded in 2001 and designed to "define for eventual implementation the ideal form of government for the support of freedom on the local, state, national, and world level."

</doc>
<doc id="18681281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681281" title="Clobbering">
Clobbering

In software engineering, clobbering a file or computer memory is overwriting its contents. The Jargon File defines clobbering as "overwritusually unintentionally: 'I walked off the end of the array and clobbered the stack.' Compare "mung", "scribble", "trash", and "smash the stack"."
Often this happens unintentionally, e.g., using the > redirection operator. To prevent unintentional clobbering, various means are used. For example, the setting shell parameter set -o noclobber (bash, ksh) or set noclobber (csh, tcsh) will prevent > from clobbering by making it issue an error message instead:
In makefiles, a common target "clobber" means complete cleanup of all unnecessary files and directories produced by previous invocations of the codice_1 command. It is a more severe target than "clean" and is commonly used to uninstall software. Some make-related commands invoke "make clobber" during their execution. They check the CLOBBER environment variable. If it is set to OFF then clobbering is not done.
In assembler programming, the term 'clobbered registers' is used to denote any registers whose value may be overwritten during the course of executing an instruction.

</doc>
<doc id="18681299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681299" title="Turbo seal">
Turbo seal

A turbo seal is a single component, polymer rubber with infused adhesives. It is a waterproofing material that is self healing, cold applied, and monolithic. It contains 25% post consumer recycled materials, mostly used tires, and is non-toxic as well as non-flammable. As such it can add to a buildings LEED score and is not subject to volatile organic compound restrictions. 
The primary distinguishing characteristic of a turbo seal is that it does not cure. Because it does not dry but remains pliable, it is able to maintain performance over time despite movement – stretching, vibration etc.. This quality is also an important aspect in self healing.
Turbo Seal was invented at the Seoul National University of Technology and has been designated by the Korean Ministry of Construction and Transportation as a breakthrough new technology.

</doc>
<doc id="18681304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681304" title="John Aloysius Brett">
John Aloysius Brett

John Aloysius Brett (1879–1955) was an administrator in British India. He served as Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan during the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="18681307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681307" title="Sivelestat">
Sivelestat

Sivelestat (INN, research name ONO 5046, marketed as Elaspol) is an inhibitor of human neutrophil elastase.
It is used in the treatment of acute respiratory failure.
Synthesis.
Sivelestat is synthesised as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="18681346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681346" title="Brave New World (The Rippingtons album)">
Brave New World (The Rippingtons album)

Brave New World is The Rippingtons' eighth album which was released in 1996. It was their final album for GRP Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18681365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681365" title="Vantage Pointe Condominium">
Vantage Pointe Condominium

Vantage Pointe Condominium is a high-rise building in San Diego. Bounded by Eighth and Ninth Avenues, and A and B Streets, construction began in 2006 and ended in 2008. It is Downtown San Diego's largest condominium building. In 2009 the building's owners announced they will refund all the purchase deposits made for its units.
Architect critics have criticized the building's lack of "human-scale relationship at street level," thus earning it the "Grand Onion" award by the San Diego Architectural Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18681366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681366" title="Centre for Development and Population Activities">
Centre for Development and Population Activities

The Centre for Development and Population Activities (CEDPA) is an international nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the lives of women and girls in developing countries through education, health and training programs.
History.
CEDPA was founded in 1975 as the Centre for Population Activities. The initial focus of the organization was improving health and community development by training family planning managers to ensure those programs reflected community needs. At that time, management was seen as a man’s job and 80 percent of initial training participants were men. Very few women led community-based health and nutrition organizations, despite providing most of the services in the communities. Fewer still were in top government ranks where reproductive health policies were formulated.
CEDPA developed its first comprehensive training for women in 1978 and since that time has trained over 5,000 women, men and youth in a range of critical development topics. These alumni have advanced to assume various leadership positions around the world, including heads of local organizations, ministers and parliamentarians.
The organization also expanded to work in partnership with local organizations to improve education, health and well-being of women and their families within communities worldwide. By providing sub-grants and technical assistance to local partners, CEDPA strengthens community organizations for lasting change. The organization has awarded nearly $100 million in sub-grants to local organizations and women’s groups since its founding.
Organization and beliefs.
At the core of CEDPA’s work is the belief that women are critical for advancing global development, democracy and progress. CEDPA works closely with women leaders, local partners and other organizations to expand access to education for women and girls, improve reproductive health and confront HIV/AIDS, and train and empower women to become leaders in their communities and countries. CEDPA also holds regional and global training workshops and regularly publishes materials related to Gender and Development. Through social mobilization and advocacy, CEDPA works to change policy, social norms, and behavior to yield sustainable development.
CEDPA believes that:
Programs.
CEDPA is an international leader in designing and implementing programs to improve the lives of women and girls in developing countries. CEDPA's programs:
To ensure that women have the skills to advance development in their nations, CEDPA also sponsors global training programs to build leadership abilities, technical expertise and program management skills on a range of critical issues. 
CEDPA programs and projects are funded and supported by individual donors, US government grants from agencies including the US Agency for International Development and the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, private foundations such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Ford Foundation, and international agencies such as the United Nations Development Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18681378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681378" title="Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School">
Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School

The Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a high school in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, founded in 1972 by Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (CMI), is a boys-only school. This school is considered to be one of the best schools in the city. Their motto is 'Life and Light'.

</doc>
<doc id="18681380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681380" title="Herbert Metcalfe">
Herbert Metcalfe

Sir Herbert Aubrey Francis Metcalfe, KCIE, CSI, MVO (1883–1943) was an administrator in British India. He was commissioned into the Royal Munster Fusiliers in 1903 and joined the ICS in 1908. In 1917, he was commissioned a Temporary Lieutenant in the 5th Punjab Light Horse of the British Indian Army. In 1922, he was appointed Member Fourth Class of the Royal Victorian Order and was appointed a CIE in 1928 and a CSI in 1933. In 1936, Metcalfe was knighted with the KCIE. He served as Chief Commissioner of Balochistan from 1939 until his death in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18681398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681398" title="Wang Ying (wrestler)">
Wang Ying (wrestler)

Wang Ying (born 15 August 1983) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was coming in first at the 2008 Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18681407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681407" title="Plugge's Plateau Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Plugge's Plateau Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Plugge's Plateau Cemetery is the smallest Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. It contains some of soldiers killed during World War I during the battles at Gallipoli, was an eight-month campaign fought by Commonwealth and French forces against Turkish forces in an attempt to force Turkey out of the war, to relieve the deadlock of the Western Front (France/Belgium) and to open a supply route to Russia through the Dardanelles and the Black Sea.
Plugge's Plateau was located at the top of a steep 100 metre hill overlooking ANZAC Cove and Shrapnel Valley and was captured on 25 April 1915 shortly after the landing, by the 11th Battalion, 3rd Brigade of the AIF. 
The plateau was later named by the invading troops after 37 year old Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Plugge commanding officer of the Auckland Infantry Battalion of the New Zealand Expeditionary Force, who established his headquarters there.
It became a strongpoint within the ANZAC Inner Defence Line and the ANZAC headquarters were constructed lower down on the seaward side of the hill. An artillery position and a water reservoir were also sited on it. The Turkish forces named it "Hain Tepe" (Treacherous Hill) because of the effect of the artillery battery located on it. The cemetery is located on the North-West corner, and of the identified remains 12 are troops killed on the day of the landing and the rest are from nearby field artillery positions.

</doc>
<doc id="18681408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681408" title="Essence Carson">
Essence Carson

Essence Carson (born July 28, 1986) is an American basketball player for the WNBA's New York Liberty.
Early life.
She started playing organized sports at age 11 and attended Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts, while competing athletically at Eastside High School in Paterson, where she was an all-state volleyball player and state champion in the 400 meters. Carson was named a WBCA All-American. She participated in the 2004 WBCA High School All-America Game, where she was a starter and scored seven points. Carson was also a McDonald's All-American where she was also a starter and scored 5 points. Carson attended and played college basketball at Rutgers University.
USA Basketball.
Carson was a member of the USA Women's U18 team which won the gold medal at the FIBA Americas Championship in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico. The event was held in August 2004, when the USA team defeated Puerto Rico to win the championship. Carson helped the team win the gold medal, scoring 8.7 points per game.
Carson continued with the team as it became the U19 team, and competed in the 2005 U19 World Championships in Tunis, Tunisia. The USA team won all eight games, winning the gold medal. Carson scored 5.6 points per game.
Carson went on to compete with the FIBA Americas U20 Championship For Women Team (Formerly the World Championship For Young Women Qualifying Team) where they won gold in 2006. In 2007, Moscow, Russia she competed with the FIBA U20 World Championship For Women Team (Formerly the World Championship For Young Women Team) where she was once again a starter and obtained gold.
Professional career.
Carson was the 7th draft pick in the 2008 WNBA Draft. She is currently a member of the WNBA New York Liberty. She helped the Liberty win the first round series of the 2008 playoffs. But the Liberty just fell short of the finals in the eastern conference finals against Detroit Shock. She was one of the many rookies, including former Rutgers teammate Matee Ajavon. On June 9, 2013, Carson, during a game with the Atlanta Dream, tore the anterior cruciate ligament in her left knee and will miss the rest of the season. In the 2013 season, she was averaging a team-high 17.7 points and 6.3 rebounds through the first three games. She has averaged 8.7 points and 2.5 rebounds in 172 career games.
All Star.
In the 2011 WNBA All-Star Game, she was voted for a reserve for the east and scored 13 points.
Music.
On November 12, 2013, Essence released a hip-hop album, Broken Diary, under the alias, Pr3pe (Preppy). Carson, who is also a music producer, produced 70% of the debut album. Pr3pe notes her musical influences as Quincy Jones, Michael Jackson, Temptations, Otis Redding, Stevie Wonder, Ray Charles Grover Washington Jr, MC Lyte, Queen Latifah, and Missy Elliot to name a few. She is most recognized for her story-telling, 90s hip-hop infused flow. Carson is said to be working on a follow mixtape to her debut album for 2014.
Personal.
Carson is from Paterson, New Jersey and is one of 3 children. Her brother, Shaquille Thomas, currently plays for the University of Cincinnati Bearcats. Essence graduated with a degree in Psychology and minor in Music from Rutgers and plays the piano, saxophone, electric bass, and drums.

</doc>
<doc id="18681419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681419" title="William Rupert Hay">
William Rupert Hay

Sir William Rupert Hay, KCIE, CSI (1893–1962) was a British Indian Army officer and administrator in British India. He served as Chief Commissioner of Balochistan during the colonial era. He was commissioned in 1915 and promoted to Lieutenant in 1918. He was a Major by 1933 and in that year was appointed a Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire. By 1942, he was a Lieutenant-Colonel and was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Star of India in that year. He was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Indian Empire in 1947, shortly before Indian independence.

</doc>
<doc id="18681432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681432" title="Liang Lei">
Liang Lei

Liang Lei (born 1982-04-03 in Shanxi) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was coming 2nd at the 2006 Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18681435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681435" title="Bakassi Movement for Self-Determination">
Bakassi Movement for Self-Determination

The Bakassi Movement for Self-Determination (BAMOSD) is a militant organization that seeks for the independence of Bakassi, a territory of Cameroon and formation of the Democratic Republic of Bakassi. 
History.
According to an email sent by "Sive Ogan", a member of BAMOSD, the decision to declare secession from Nigeria was taken at a meeting in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State on July 2, 2006.
It has made two declarations of independence since its foundation in 2006: one on August 2, 2006 in light of the Greentree Agreement between Nigeria and Cameroon, and another one on July 31, 2008 (two days less than two years after the first declaration of independence). In the latter declaration, Akwa Obutong was declared the capital of the republic.
One of the first leaders of the organization, Tony Ene Asuquo, died less than a month after the first declaration of independence in a mysterious car accident.
Support and affiliations.
It has been indicated in both Nigerian and Cameroonian media that the BAMOSD is backed by the militant MEND movement, which opposes the federal government and the predominate petroleum industry in the Niger Delta, and the SCAPO, which seeks independence for the nearby Southern Cameroons as the Republic of Ambazonia.
On 31 October 2008, gunmen in speedboats have kidnapped and threatened to kill 10 crew members from French offshore service vessel (OSV) "Bourbon Sagitta" near the Bakassi Peninsula. The vessel's owners said those taken hostage were seven French nationals, two Cameroonians and a Tunisian. A group called Bakassi Freedom Fighters has claimed to have carried out the attack. 
The leader of the group Ebi Dari told the BBC's Randy Joe Sa'ah in Cameroon that the Cameroonian government has seven days to enter into dialogue. He said the government had been warned many months ago that there would be no peace in Bakassi if it did not talk with the Bakassi Freedom Fighters. He said the group opposed the secession of the oil-rich Bakassi Peninsula to Cameroon from Nigeria. 
Reuters news agency reported that the attack had been carried out jointly with a second group called Niger Delta Defence and Security Council (NDDSC). [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/7701628.stm]
On November 5, 2008, the commander of the militant group, Ebi Dari confirmed that one of the French hostages under its custody was killed in a failed rescue bid by Cameroonian soldiers. However, then it was reported that the seafarer reported killed was still alive [http://www.maritimeasia.net/ll/news/bourbon-sagitta-crew-all-fine-says-rebel-leader/1225972134917.htm;jsessionid=B176494E5B722234F0C14495C23CEF3E
On November 5, 2008 Groupe Bourbon announced that all its 10 crew members had been released. [http://www.oilpubs.com/oso/article.asp?v1=7993]

</doc>
<doc id="18681437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681437" title="Charles Wysocki">
Charles Wysocki

Charles J. Wysocki, Ph.D., is a biologist and psychologist currently at the Monell Chemical Senses Center. He is notable for his work with the genetics of olfaction in mice and humans, the vomeronasal organ and the major histocompatibility complex. He has worked with Drs. George Preti and Gary Beauchamp in the past.

</doc>
<doc id="18681448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681448" title="Henry Mortimer Poulton">
Henry Mortimer Poulton

Henry Mortimer Poulton (1898–1973) was an administrator in British India. He was one of the last Chief Commissioners of Balochistan during the colonial era.

</doc>
<doc id="18681452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681452" title="Pablo Hernan Gomez (soccer)">
Pablo Hernan Gomez (soccer)

Pablo Hernan Gomez is an Argentine professional footballer. He previously played midfield for Real Maryland Monarchs of the USL Second Division. His older brother is Christian Gomez who plays for the Colorado Rapids in the MLS.

</doc>
<doc id="18681456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681456" title="Jiao Huafeng">
Jiao Huafeng

Jiao Huafeng (born 1981-09-24 in Shandong) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Among his achievements, Huafeng's personal best was coming in 1st Place at the 2006 Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18681460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681460" title="Great dodecicosacron">
Great dodecicosacron

In geometry, the great dodecicosacron is the dual of the great dodecicosahedron (U50). It has 60 intersecting bow-tie-shaped faces.

</doc>
<doc id="18681464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681464" title="EcoEléctrica">
EcoEléctrica

EcoEléctrica is a Puerto Rican energy corporation headquartered in Peñuelas, Puerto Rico. Since the 2000s, EcoElectrica has the exclusive right to ship liquefied natural gas to Puerto Rico. Its main shareholder is GasNatural Fenosa. 
History.
In June 2008, EcoEléctrica started the environmental impact assessment of the LNG terminal modification project, including construction and operation of natural gas pipeline facilities.
Activities.
It owns and operates a liquefied natural gas regasification terminal with a storage tank of 160,000 cubic meters in Punta Guayanilla, Peñuelas. The power generated by EcoEléctrica is transmitted to the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA) operated power grid. Steam generated by the waste heat from exhaust gasses is used in both a Toshiba-supplied steam turbine and a desalination plant.

</doc>
<doc id="18681465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681465" title="Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts">
Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts

The Rosa L. Parks School of Fine and Performing Arts is a four-year public high school in Paterson, New Jersey, United States, operated as part of the Paterson Public Schools. In 1986, Rosa Parks honored the school family at the opening ceremony by cutting the ribbon. To date, this is the only high school in the United States named after her.
The school provides training in each of eight art majors: Commercial Art, Fine Art, Dance, Drama, Vocal, Instrumental, Piano, and Communication Arts (Formally known as Creative Writing). Paterson residents in eighth grade can apply for admission to Rosa Parks School, with acceptance based on a competitive audition process, which may include a submission of an art or writing portfolio.
As of the 2010-11 school year, the school had an enrollment of 234 students and 28.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.36:1. There were 175 students (74.8% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 23 (9.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 254th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 328 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2012 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", after being ranked 123rd in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 137th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 127th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 284th out of 367 public high schools statewide in its 2010 rankings (a decrease of 106 positions from the 2009 rank) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Administration.
Core members of the school's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18681469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681469" title="Landiolol">
Landiolol

Landiolol (INN) is a drug which acts as a highly cardioselective, ultra short-acting beta blocker. It is used as an anti-arrhythmic agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18681481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681481" title="Geoffrey Prior">
Geoffrey Prior

Sir Charles Geoffrey Prior KCIE (1896–1972) was an administrator in British India. He was one of the last Chief Commissioners of Balochistan during the colonial era. He was appointed a CIE in 1936 and was knighted with the KCIE in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18681483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681483" title="Hugh Halsey">
Hugh Halsey

Hugh Halsey (June 26, 1794 – May 29, 1858) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Dr. Stephen Halsey, Jr., and Hamutal (Howell) Halsey (ca. 1762-1848). He graduated from Yale College. Then he studied law with Franklin Viele in Waterford, New York, was admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Madison County, New York.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Suffolk Co.) in 1822 and 1824. He was Surrogate of Suffolk County from 1827 to 1840; and First Judge of the County Court from 1833 to 1847. He was a presidential elector in 1844, voting for James K. Polk and George M. Dallas. Halsey was New York State Surveyor General from 1845 until the end of 1847.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (1st D.) in 1854 and 1855, elected on the Hard and Temperance tickets.
He died on May 29, 1858 in Bridgehampton, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="18681487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681487" title="Li Yanyan">
Li Yanyan

Li Yanyan (born 1981-06-18 in Linyi, Shandong) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
His personal best was coming 1st at the 2006 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18681491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681491" title="Keir Starmer">
Keir Starmer

Sir Keir Starmer (born 2 September 1962) is a barrister in England and Wales. He became the fourteenth Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) and the sixth head of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) on 1 November 2008 for a five-year term. Until then, although he had prosecuted cases for the CPS during his career, he was known as a defence lawyer with special expertise in the law of human rights. 
Early life.
Starmer was the second of four children. He was named after former Labour Party leader and socialist Keir Hardie. He was educated at Reigate Grammar School. He gained a 1st class degree of Bachelor of Laws from the University of Leeds in 1985 and as a member of St Edmund Hall, Oxford, a degree of Bachelor of Civil Law from the University of Oxford in 1986.
Career.
He became a barrister in 1987, became a Queen's Counsel in 2002, and was joint head of his chambers, Doughty Street Chambers.
Acting in several appeals to the Privy Council for defendants who had been sentenced to death in Caribbean countries, his legal submissions led to the abolition of the mandatory death penalty in those countries. He worked with lawyers in African countries towards the same end. In 2005 he persuaded the House of Lords that evidence obtained by torture should be inadmissible in court. In 2007 he represented two alleged terrorists in a case in the House of Lords in which he successfully challenged their control orders on human rights grounds. He has also acted in 15 other cases in the House of Lords since 1999, including two cases about the conduct of British soldiers in Iraq, and representing David Shayler in his appeal against conviction for breaching the Official Secrets Act 1989. He gave free legal advice to the defendants in the "McLibel" case, and was interviewed twice — ten years apart — in Franny Armstrong's 2005 documentary, "McLibel".
He was a human rights advisor to the Northern Ireland Policing Board and the Association of Chief Police Officers. He is a member of the Foreign Secretary's Death Penalty Advisory Panel. In 2007 he was named "QC of the Year". He is generally seen as supportive of the Labour Party.
DPP.
On 25 July 2008, the Attorney General, Baroness Scotland of Asthal, QC, named Starmer as the next head of the CPS, to take over from Sir Ken Macdonald, QC on 1 November 2008. Macdonald, himself a former defence lawyer, welcomed the appointment.
On 22 July 2010, Starmer announced the controversial decision not to prosecute the police officer Simon Harwood in relation to the Death of Ian Tomlinson resulting in accusations by Tomlinson's family of a police cover up.
On 21 July 2011, Starmer became an Honorary Graduate of the University of Essex.
On 3 February 2012, Starmer announced that the Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change, Chris Huhne MP and his former wife, Vicky Pryce would be prosecuted for perverting the course of justice. Huhne became the first Cabinet minister in British history to be compelled to resign as a result of criminal proceedings. Starmer had previously stated in relation to the case that "there is sufficient evidence we do not shy away from prosecuting politicians".
In the summer of 2012, British newspapers reported charges that Starmer was personally responsible for the continued prosecution of Paul Chambers, a traveler who, frustrated at airport delays, had posted a joke about the airport on Twitter. In the case known as the "Twitter Joke Trial," Chambers had been convicted of sending a "public electronic message that was grossly offensive or of an indecent, obscene or menacing character." The trial and conviction provoked widespread protest by free=speech activists, but the Crown Prosecution Service maintained a long-term opposition to Chambers' appeals. According to Chambers' defenders, prosecutors had been willing to stop opposing the appeals, but Stamer had overruled his subordinates because he was "trying to save face by refusing to admit he was in the wrong."
On 23 July 2013, the Attorney General, Dominic Grieve, QC, announced that when Starmer's term ends on 1 November 2013 he will be replaced by Alison Saunders.
Post DPP.
In December 2013 the Labour Party announced that Starmer would lead an enquiry into changing the law to give further protection to victims in cases of rape and child abuse. This raised speculation that he may be considering a political career with Labour. On 28th December, Starmer refused to deny the possibility of entering politics, saying to BBC News "well, I’m back in private practice; I’m rather enjoying having some free time, and I’m considering a number of options." Starmer was appointed Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2014 New Year Honours for services to law and criminal justice.
Publications.
He is the author and editor of several books about criminal law and human rights.
Personal life.
He married Victoria, a solicitor, in 2007 and has a son and daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="18681506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681506" title="Martyn Ford">
Martyn Ford

Martyn Ford is an English musician, best known for his orchestral contributions to rock music albums of the 1970s and 1980s.
Ford was originally classically trained; he studied French horn at the Royal Academy of Music. While in his senior year there, he formed his own orchestra, which debuted at the Royal Albert Hall a few months after he graduated. He then found work as an arranger and conductor for releases by Caravan, Bryan Ferry, Ginger Baker, Johnny Nash, Three Man Army, Japan, and Elton John, as well as for the soundtrack for the film "Tommy". He also played horn for the Spencer Davis Group early in the decade. He also recorded on his own as the Martyn Ford Orchestra; his 1976 album "Smoovin" featured Mike Moran, Ann Odell, Simon Phillips, Morris Pert, John Gustafson, and Mel Collins. It also spawned a hit single in the UK, "Let Your Body Go Downtown", which peaked at #38 on the UK Singles Chart in 1977. The song was written by Lynsey de Paul and Moran, who also wrote the follow-up single "Going to a Disco" which failed to reach the UK chart in the summer of 1977.
In the 1980s, he worked with Kate Bush, Phil Collins, and Dave Davies, amongst others.

</doc>
<doc id="18681545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681545" title="Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen">
Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen

Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen () is a Swedish film and the first out of four films in the "Lilla Jönssonligan" film series. It was released on November 29, 1996, in Sweden and was directed by Christjan Wegner.
The film has been shown several times on the Swedish television channels SVT1, TV3 and TV4. It was released in Germany on September 7, 2000, as " 'Die Jönnson Bande & der Cornflakes-Raub'."
Synopsis.
Charles-Ingvar "Sickan" Jönsson is a new student in Dynamit-Harry's and Ragnars's school. He instantly gets bullied by Junior and Biffen for his nerdy look. The year is 1953 and small cards called 'filmisar', that are found in cornflakes boxes, are popular at the school. Sickans first coup will be to get as many 'filmisar' as he can by sneaking in to the cornflakes factory with his newly made friends Harry and Ragnar.

</doc>
<doc id="18681553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681553" title="Chebyshev–Gauss quadrature">
Chebyshev–Gauss quadrature

In numerical analysis Chebyshev–Gauss quadrature is an extension of Gaussian quadrature method for approximating the value of integrals of the following kind:
and
In the first case
where
and the weight
In the second case
where
and the weight

</doc>
<doc id="18681561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681561" title="DRG Class 99.22">
DRG Class 99.22

The three engines of DRG Class 99.22 were standard, narrow gauge locomotives ("Einheitsloks") in service with the German Reichsbahn. They had operating numbers 99 221 - 99 223. 
They were built and deployed for the railway line from Eisfeld to Schönbrunn. During the course of the Second World War, locomotives 99 221 and 99 223 went to Norway. After the end of the war they stayed there and were later scrapped. Locomotive 99 222 remained on duty until 1966 on its original route, but when it became clear that the end was nigh, it transferred to the Harz and is in service today on the network of the Harz Narrow Gauge Railways ("Harzer Schmalspurbahnen" or "HSB") between Nordhausen, Quedlinburg and Wernigerode.
In its time the Class 99.22 was the most powerful of the German narrow gauge locomotives and had Bissel axles. In addition the coal tank tapered toward the back. One feature was the "Janney" automatic centre buffer coupling. After its transfer to the Harzquerbahn, 99 222 was converted to the normal compensating coupling with central buffer. This conversion can be clearly recognised by the cutouts in the buffer beam. 
The locomotives had a Walschaerts valve gear driving the third axle.
On the introduction of the DR's new EDP numbering scheme in 1970 the engine was given operating number 99 7222, which she carries to this day because the "HSB" has retained the DR numbering from 1970.
The new DR Class 99.23-24 locomotives were built on the basis of the "Einheitsloks". Differences in the new engines are the feedwater heater and the bar frame.

</doc>
<doc id="18681585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681585" title="Black Diamond (The Rippingtons album)">
Black Diamond (The Rippingtons album)

Black Diamond is The Rippingtons' ninth album, their first on Peak records. Released in 1997, the album features some special guests, one of them saxophonist Nelson Rangell, who played on the song "Jewel Thieves". The album was deeper than their previous release, 1996's "Brave New World", and featured Jeff Kashiwa on many of the album's songs. "Black Diamond", since its release, has since been regarded as a smooth jazz classic.

</doc>
<doc id="18681589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681589" title="Eupatorium mohrii">
Eupatorium mohrii

Eupatorium mohrii, commonly called Mohr's thoroughwort, is a herbaceous perennial plant in Asteraceae native to the southeastern coastal states of the United States, from North Carolina to Florida and Louisiana to Texas. It can also be found in the Caribbean. The stems grow from 30 to over 100 cm tall and are produced from tuberous rhizomes. As with other species of "Eupatorium", the inflorescences contain a large number of white flower heads with disc florets and no ray florets. It forms hybrids with "Eupatorium serotinum" and "Eupatorium rotundifolium".
"E. mohrii" grows in moist areas, edges of ponds, and sandy soils.

</doc>
<doc id="18681592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681592" title="Three Man Army">
Three Man Army

Three Man Army was a British hard rock band active in the first half of the 1970s.
History.
The group was formed by Adrian Gurvitz and Paul Gurvitz, formerly of The Gun. Following the band's dissolution, Adrian played with Buddy Miles and Paul played with Parrish & Gurvitz, then reunited as Three Man Army. Their debut album, "A Third of a Lifetime", featured several drummers, including Miles, Carmine Appice (of Vanilla Fudge) and Mike Kellie (from Spooky Tooth). Tony Newman, who had previously played with Sounds Incorporated and Rod Stewart, joined for the group's next two albums, and a fourth album was planned but never recorded. Newman then left to play with David Bowie, and the Gurvitzes united with Ginger Baker as the Baker Gurvitz Army.

</doc>
<doc id="18681613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681613" title="Krutika Desai Khan">
Krutika Desai Khan

Krutika Desai Khan, who sometimes also spells her name as Kruttika Desai, is the daughter of noted Stage personality Late Shri Girish Desai. She is a popular Indian Film, Theater & Television actress. Krutika is married to Imtiaz Khan, the son of renowned Hindi film actor of the yesteryear, Jayant and the brother of actor Amjad Khan. Imtiaz himself is an accomplished actor and director of the Hindi film & television scene.She is the first woman to go bald in the history of Indian Television. She shaved her head for the serial Uttaran which is aired on Colors channel.
Theatre.
She is involved in "Akansha", a theater workshop for street children and has also acted in a number of Gujarati plays including "Shodh Pratishodh"" which won rave reviews and accolades from the masses as well as the classes and was performed 125 times in four months, a record of sorts. 
She has also acted in "Pallavi Bani Parvati" and "To Karo Shree Ganesh", both Gujarati plays.
She is also involved in In 7x3=21 (Saat Tari Ekvees), in which seven directors, actors and writers come together to create seven monologues. She plays a middle-class woman married into a rich family whose marriage values challenge her childhood

</doc>
<doc id="18681616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681616" title="Cecil Arthur Grant Savidge">
Cecil Arthur Grant Savidge

Cecil Arthur Grant Savidge was the second Chief Commissioner of Balochistan after the independence of Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18681649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681649" title="Lilla Jönssonligan">
Lilla Jönssonligan

Lilla Jönssonligan () is a Swedish film series that consists of four movies. The film series is a spin-off of the original "Jönssonligan" film series. The main difference about the two series is that the main characters are portrayed as kids instead of adults in this one, hence the word "little" in the title.
Films.
4 films have been made as of 2006. 
Characters.
The gang consists of the criminal genius Charles Ingvar "Sickan" Jönsson, hence the name Jönssonligan, and his two companions Harry (aka "Dynamit-Harry") and Ragnar Vanheden.
The gang's arch-enemy is Morgan ""Junior"" Wall-Enberg and his henchman, Biffen.

</doc>
<doc id="18681651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681651" title="Grant Thomson">
Grant Thomson

Grant Thomson 
Born in Falkirk, Grant is a Scottish actor with a diverse background in television, theatre and film. Upon leaving Graeme High School, he enrolled on the HND Acting and Performance course at Falkirk College of Further and Higher Education. The 6'8" 'actor has several credits to his name. These include the parts of Charlie in Still Game, Titch on the Saturday Show, and 'Huge Scottish Football Player' in the film Made of Honour for Columbia Pictures, which also starred Patrick Dempsey and Michelle Monaghan.
Grant has been working on Scottish film Electric Man and can currently be seen in feature film Play On which recently won Best Feature Film at the All Sports Los Angeles Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18681655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681655" title="USS Boxwood (AN-8)">
USS Boxwood (AN-8)

USS "Boxwood" (YN-3/AN-8) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Career.
"Boxwood" (YN-3)—originally named "Birch" but renamed before her construction began—was laid down on 19 November 1940 at Houghton, Washington, by the Lake Washington Shipyard; launched on 8 March 1941; and placed in service on 25 July 1941 at the Puget Sound Navy Yard, Bremerton, Washington, Lt. Robert W. Nordstrom, USNR, in charge. Assigned to duty with the Inshore Patrol, 13th Naval District, the net tender reported to the section headquarters at Seattle, Washington, on 6 August and commenced operating between that port, Port Townsend, and Port Angeles, performing various towing tasks within the district. On typical chore was her towing of targets for the gunboat during September and October 1941.
The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941 prompted a flurry of defensive activity along the U.S. West Coast. The plans for the net defense of the Puget Sound area having been worked out in advance, "Boxwood" joined and in installing the Rich Pass antisubmarine net line in Puget Sound, commencing the work soon after 7 December and bringing it to completion on 27 January 1942. Over the ensuing weeks, "Boxwood" remained on station in the Rich Pass area, maintaining the net line and occasionally conducting local patrol work.
On 16 February, "Boxwood" sailed for Indian Island, Washington, and was soon busily engaged in work at the Net Depot there, installing an antisubmarine net line at Port Townsend, a combination antisubmarine and anti-torpedo net line at Marrowstone Spit, and a fine mesh net line across the Portage Canal. She completed the installation of approximately a mile and a half of netting on 11 July and remained in the Puget Sound area tending nets for the remainder of 1942. Placed in full commission on 2 January 1943, "Boxwood" resumed her tending tasks after her overhaul at Todd, Seattle, shipyard and carried them out through the spring of 1943.
Alaskan duty.
Departing the Seattle area on 26 June 1943, "Boxwood" relieved at Adak, in the Aleutians, and assisted in the installation of antitorpedo net lines at Adak and Sand Bay, and helped in laying fleet mooring buoys. After tending nets in the Adak area during the invasion of Kiska, "Boxwood" proceeded to Kiska as a replacement for a destroyer operating off that island and thus gained the distinction of being the first net tender in that area. Soon after "Boxwood's" arrival, "Buckeye" joined her; and the two ships installed cruiser moorings in Kiska harbor, as well as approximately two miles of a combination anti-torpedo and submarine-indicator net.
Resuming her duties at Adak in October 1943, "Boxwood" later received minor damage while assisting the grounded destroyer in Kulak Bay. During her operations in these northern climes, "Boxwood" was redesignated "AN-8" on 20 January 1944.
Ordered to Kiska on 15 February 1944, "Boxwood" proceeded thence and repaired some of the cruiser moorings that she had laid there earlier. Completing this task by 27 February, the net tender sailed to Attu, where she tended net defenses until relieved by on 26 September. Upon completion of repairs and alterations at Adak on 31 October, "Boxwood" resumed tending the net defenses there early in November 1944. Subsequently ordered to Attu on 10 January 1945, "Boxwood" arrived on station two days later and relieved "Buckthorn". Relieved by that ship on 22 June 1945 to return to Adak for overhaul, "Boxwood" was still undergoing repairs and alterations when Japan capitulated in mid-August 1945. Upon completion of the overhaul on 20 August 1945, "Boxwood" resumed her net tending tasks, only to receive orders to begin removing the net defenses at Adak on the 21st. Assisted by "Buckthorn" and , "Boxwood" finished this work by 14 September.
Boxwood sailed for Kodiak, Alaska, on 6 October and served there until 28 November when she was ordered to Dutch Harbor. Attached to the naval operating base there, "Boxwood" performed utility jobs such as transporting mail and stores to nearby island bases and decommissioned the radio station at Caton Island, Alaska. During 1946, "Boxwood" made several trips carrying passengers and mail between various bases in the Alaskan Sea Frontier and the naval station at Seattle, Washington, through mid-August 1946 when she entered the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard.
In the fall of 1946, "Boxwood" underwent a preinactivation overhaul at the Kaiser Shipyard, Vancouver, Washington. She was decommissioned on 13 November 1946 and was turned over to the Portland, Oregon, Sub-group of the 19th Fleet and moored at Swan Island, Portland, Oregon. She remained inactive until her name was struck from the Navy List on 9 October 1962. Shifted to the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, California, the ship was carried on vessel inventory reports through the end of 1974. Subsequent fate not known.

</doc>
<doc id="18681674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681674" title="Chang Yongxiang">
Chang Yongxiang

Chang Yongxiang (; born September 16, 1983 in Handan County, Handan, Hebei) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he won the silver medal.
His personal best was coming 1st at the 2008 Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18681679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681679" title="Anoh Attoukora">
Anoh Attoukora

Anoh Apollinaire Attoukora Sfondo (born June 20, 1989 in Adjamé) is an Ivorian footballer currently under contract for PAU FC.
Career.
He played only thirty one game for the Romanian side Dinamo Bucureşti

</doc>
<doc id="18681682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681682" title="Grama (halacha)">
Grama (halacha)

A Grama in "Halacha" (Jewish law) is something that was caused by something else but whose outcome is not guaranteed.
There is a rule that "Grama benizakin patur". If somebody caused financial harm to somebody else via an action that was not guaranteed to harm them, the person cannot be forced by a court to pay, although he might be morally obligated to.

</doc>
<doc id="18681685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681685" title="2001 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2001 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2001 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2001 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681686" title="Shawty Say">
Shawty Say

"Shawty Say" is the third single from David Banner's fifth studio album, The Greatest Story Ever Told. The song features Lil Wayne and samples his song "Lollipop". The song also has a similar vibe to "Get Like Me", performed by the same artist. The song was leaked on June 26, 2008 and was officially released on August 1, 2008. Banner utilizes the auto-tune technique for parts of the song.
Music video.
The music video was released on August 1, 2008 on MTV's FNMTV. The video features Ryan Sheckler. It starts off as David Banner giving abused girlfriends his card while interrogating their boyfriends. Near the end he invites them to his house for a party.

</doc>
<doc id="18681687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681687" title="Cannone da 149/40 modello 35">
Cannone da 149/40 modello 35

The Cannone da 149/40 was a heavy gun which served with Italy during World War II. It was intended to replace the obsolete Cannone da 149/35 A, but the small numbers produced prevented that. By 1940 orders had been placed for 590, but only 51 were in service at the end of September 1941. Weapons captured by the Germans after the Italian surrender in 1943 were put into service as the 15 cm K 408(i). Ansaldo produced a batch of twelve for the Germans in April 1944.
It was a good design despite the odd decision to use trail spade plates that had to be pounded into the ground to anchor the gun in place. Normally it was broken down into two loads for transport, but it could be further broken down into four loads for mountainous terrain.

</doc>
<doc id="18681691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681691" title="Derrick Grant">
Derrick Grant

Derrick Grant (born 19 April 1938) is a former international rugby union player.
Grant was capped fourteen times as a flanker for between 1965 and 1968. He scored one try for Scotland. He was selected for the 1966 British Lions tour to Australia and New Zealand but did not play in any of the internationals.
He played club rugby for Hawick RFC.
He was Hawick's most successful ever coach in the 1970s and 1980s coaching Hawick to 5 division 1 championships in a row. He also coached the Scotland team during the 80's.
His brother was another Scotland cap, Oliver Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="18681693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681693" title="2000 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
2000 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 2000 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
2000 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681695" title="1999 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1999 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1999 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1999 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681697" title="1998 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1998 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1998 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The Sporting News and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
In 1998, the Sporting News was added as a contributing source to the consensus teams, belatedly replacing the UPI All-American team, which ceased to exist after 1996.
1998 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681698" title="Ma Sanyi">
Ma Sanyi

Ma Sanyi (born 1982-06-01 in Anhui) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18681703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681703" title="1997 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1997 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1997 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of three major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1997 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681707" title="Abbot of St Albans">
Abbot of St Albans

This is a list of abbots of St Albans Abbey up to its Dissolution in 1539.

</doc>
<doc id="18681708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681708" title="1996 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1996 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1996 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches. 
1996 was the last year that the UPI teams were named. After being considered a part of consensus selections since 1949, they would be replaced in 1998 by the Sporting News All-American team.
1996 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681711" title="1995 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1995 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1995 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1995 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681712" title="1994 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1994 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1994 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1994 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681714" title="1993 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1993 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1993 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1993 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681716" title="1992 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1992 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1992 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1992 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681719" title="1991 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1991 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1991 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1991 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681724" title="1990 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1990 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1990 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1990 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681729" title="Graham Speight">
Graham Speight

Sir Graham Davies Speight (21 July 1921 – 17 July 2008) was a New Zealand High Court judge. He served as the acting Queen's Representative in the Cook Islands in 1984.
Speight was born in Auckland, New Zealand, on 21 July 1921. He was educated at Newmarket School, Auckland Grammar School and the University of Auckland, where he earned his law degree in 1942. Speight served in the New Zealand Army from 1942 until 1946 following his graduation from Auckland University. He married his wife, Elizabeth Muriel Booth, in 1947. The couple had two children, a son and a daughter.
Speight served as the Crown Solicitor in Auckland from 1959 until 1966. He was appointed a High Court judge in 1966. He later served as the Chief Justice of the Cook Islands and the President of the Court of Appeal of Fiji from 1982 until 1988.
Sir Graham Speight died on 17 July 2008, at Eastcliffe Hospital in Auckland at the age of 86. He was survived by his wife, son and five grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="18681731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681731" title="1989 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1989 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1989 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1989 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681735" title="1988 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1988 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1988 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1988 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:
Academic All-Americans.
On February 28, 1988, GTE and CoSIDA announced the 1988 Academic All-America team, with Michael Smith headlining the University Division as the first men's college basketball Academic All-American of the Year. The following is the 1987–88 "GTE" Academic All-America Men’s Basketball Team (University Division) as selected by CoSIDA:

</doc>
<doc id="18681742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681742" title="Central Line (band)">
Central Line (band)

Central Line were a post-disco, pop and jazz-funk group, based in London, England. They recorded three albums for Mercury Records in the 1980s, and had two hit singles in the United States, as well as one Top 40 success in their native country.
Career.
The band was formed in March 1978, and were signed to Mercury Records early in 1979 by John Stainze. The original founding members were Steve Salvari, Camelle Hinds, Lipson Francis and Henry Defoe. Hinds, Francis and Defoe were previously in a band called TFB (Typical Funk Band), which had contained members that would go on to form Light of the World. TFB also contained the drummer Errol Kennedy, who later joined Imagination. Salvari joined TFB after the departure of Kenny Wellington in late 1976, as their second keyboard player and the band members then stood at Salvari, Hinds, Francis, Defoe and Kennedy. The band gigged for about a year then broke up. Francis and Defoe went to work with a bass player who was in Boney M., and Salvari and Hinds staying together to work on various projects. 
In early 1978, four of the TFB members got back together, and expanded the previous format by recruiting Linton Beckles and Jake Le Mesurier. The band decided they needed a new identity, and Defoe came up with the name Central Line, because the band were now running down a central line of funk and soul.
They toured with Roy Ayers, Grover Washington, Fat Larry's Band and The Real Thing. Central Line released their first single, "Wot We Got Its Hot" to a good reception, but their second single "Sticks & Stones" did not fare so well. They finished the year appearing on BBC Television's, "Linda Lewis' Roadshow". 
Salvari left in early 1980. After working with Barry White, Robert Palmer and Sheena Easton, he continues in the music industry as a record producer. Hinds later formed Hindsight with Defoe, and also played bass in The Style Council. Francis and Beckles are now dedicated to the church, and Le Mesurier died in the 1990s from an accidental drug overdose.
Despite a club hit with "Walking into Sunshine" which sold well in the United States, and a UK Top 40 hit with "Nature Boy", consistent mainstream success eluded them, and they disbanded in August 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="18681743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681743" title="1987 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1987 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1987 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1987 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681744" title="Jiang Huachen">
Jiang Huachen

Jiang Huachen (born February 3, 1982 in Shandong) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Prior to that, his personal best performance was coming first at the 2006 National Championships - 96 kg Greco-Roman class.

</doc>
<doc id="18681748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681748" title="1986 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1986 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1986 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1986 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681749" title="1985 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1985 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1985 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1985 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681755" title="1984 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1984 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1984 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1984 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681757" title="1983 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1983 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1983 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1983 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681759" title="1982 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1982 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1982 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1982 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681760" title="Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry">
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry

The Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry was an American college football rivalry between the Iowa State Cyclones football team of Iowa State University and Missouri Tigers football team of the University of Missouri. From 1959 onward the Telephone Trophy was awarded to the victorious squad. 
Following the 2011 game, Missouri joined the Southeastern Conference, thus ending the rivalry.
Telephone Trophy.
The Telephone Trophy consists of an old rotary telephone that sits atop a tall wooden base. The receiver of the telephone is painted half gold and half red (gold for Missouri and red for Iowa State). A large metal plate on the base of the trophy shows the complete results for each Telephone Trophy game.
History.
Before the 1959 match-up between the two schools, which took place in Ames, Iowa, field testing showed that the telephones the two schools used to communicate with their coaches in the coaches box were wired so that either school could hear what was going on on the other sideline. The problem was fixed before the game, but neither of the two coaches knew that.
Northwestern Bell Telephone Company of Ames then decided to have a trophy made to commemorate the incident, and thus the Telephone Trophy was born.
An odd sidelight to the whole affair was that the same thing happened to Missouri the following year in a game played in Columbia, Missouri. The 1960 season game, which took place at Memorial Stadium, had similar problems.
Game results.
"Iowa State victories are shaded ██ red. Missouri victories are shaded ██ black. Ties are white."
Pre-Trophy Era.
Iowa State and Missouri played each other 51 times between 1896 and 1958.
Telephone Trophy Era.
Since 1959, the two schools have met 53 times for the Telephone Trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="18681764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681764" title="1981 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1981 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1981 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1981 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681765" title="Water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament">
Water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Men's tournament

The men's tournament of water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics at Beijing, People's Republic of China, began on 10 August and lasted until 24 August 2008. All games were held at the Ying Tung Natatorium.
Teams from twelve nations competed, seeded into two groups for the preliminary round. 44 games were played, 30 of them in the preliminary round (each team played the other teams in the group). Seven classification games and seven games in the medal round were also played.
Format.
The format of water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics:
Preliminary round.
Group A.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8).

</doc>
<doc id="18681769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681769" title="1980 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1980 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1980 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1980 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681772" title="Shady Lake Park">
Shady Lake Park

Shady Lake Park was a small amusement park operated by the Humphrey Family in Streetsboro, Ohio. The park opened in 1978 and closed in 1982. Many of the rides from Shady Lake Park ended up at Old Indiana Fun Park, including the Euclid Beach Chief. The tall gate structure, resembling the one at Euclid Beach Park, remained standing until 2004. Today, the land along Route 14 is home to Shady Lake Apartments and a Fifth Third Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="18681773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681773" title="1979 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1979 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1979 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1979 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Academic All-Americans.
On March 21, 1979, CoSIDA announced the 1979 Academic All-America team. The following is the 1978–79 Academic All-America Men’s Basketball Team as selected by CoSIDA:

</doc>
<doc id="18681777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681777" title="1978 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1978 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1978 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1978 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681782" title="1977 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1977 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1977 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1977 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681789" title="1976 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1976 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1976 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1976 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681792" title="1975 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1975 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1975 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1975 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681797" title="1974 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1974 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1974 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1974 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681802" title="1973 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1973 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1973 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1973 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681803" title="1972 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1972 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1972 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1972 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681807" title="1971 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1971 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1971 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1971 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681809" title="1970 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1970 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1970 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1970 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Academic All-Americans.
On May 12, 1970, CoSIDA announced the 1970 Academic All-America team. The following is the 1969–70 Academic All-America Men’s Basketball Team as selected by CoSIDA:

</doc>
<doc id="18681813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681813" title="1969 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1969 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1969 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1969 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681819" title="1968 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1968 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1968 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1968 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681824" title="1967 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1967 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1967 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1967 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681828" title="1966 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1966 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1966 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1966 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681831" title="Geological Commission of the Cape of Good Hope">
Geological Commission of the Cape of Good Hope

The Geological Commission of the Cape of Good Hope was a South African geological survey that published a series of maps and literature of the geology and hydrogeology of South Africa, particularly the Western Cape and surrounding areas during its existence from 1896 to 1911. 
The Geological Commission was established in November 1895 with John X. Merriman as commissioner and George Corstorphine as geologist, and operated until 1911 when it was amalgamated with the Geological Survey of the Union of South Africa. A.W. Rogers was appointed to the Survey on the 11th January 1896. Staff details may be seen in Public Service Lists of the Cape Colony. All the publications in this series are out of print.
Alexander du Toit did extensive mapping of the Karoo System geology and other areas western areas of South Africa. From the detailed maps he and others created of this region for the Survey, and from later mapping in southern South America du Toit published literature in support of Alfred Wegener's theory of continental drift.
Annual reports.
The annual reports were issued in two forms: as an ordinary Blue Book presented to both Houses of Parliament, printed on common paper and in octavo size; and a limited number printed on thick paper, in small quarto size. The pagination of the First Report is different in the two editions, the type having been entirely re-set, but the contents are identical. In the reports following the First, the pagination of the two editions is the same, and one setting of type has served for both. – Schwarz, E.H.L., Index to the Annual Reports. The 8vo page numbers are inserted here in italics. The ‘common paper’ 8vo. editions are bound in Annexures to the Votes & Proceedings of Parliament; copies in the Archives of the Council for Geoscience are the small quarto editions.
Geologic maps.
The commission issued geological maps with a scale of 1:238,000 (1,600 Cape Roods = 1 inch). They were printed by van de Sandt Villiers & Co. Cape Town. The sheets are numbered, but the map names shown below were not printed on earlier maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18681849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681849" title="1965 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1965 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1965 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1965 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:
Academic All-Americans.
On March 24, 1965, CoSIDA announced the 1965 Academic All-America team. The following is the 1964-65 Academic All-America Men’s Basketball Team as selected by CoSIDA:

</doc>
<doc id="18681859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681859" title="1964 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1964 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1964 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International and the National Association of Basketball Coaches.
1964 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681863" title="Water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament">
Water polo at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's tournament

The women's water polo tournament at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing was held from 11 August to 21 August at the Beijing's Ying Tung Pool.
Teams from eight nations competed, seeded into two groups for the preliminary round. 20 games were played, 12 of them in the preliminary round (each team played the other teams in the group). Eight games were played in the final round.
Format.
The tournament featured eight teams, separated into two groups of four teams. Each team played the other three teams in its pool once in a round-robin format. The first-place team in each pool qualified directly for the semifinal, the second- and third-place teams moved on to the quarterfinal round, and the fourth-place teams played each other in a seventh place game.
The winners of the quarterfinal games moved on to the semifinals to face the top teams from each pool, while the quarterfinal losers played a fifth place classification game. The semifinal winners played in the gold medal game, while the losers played each other for the bronze.
Preliminary round.
Group A.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8).

</doc>
<doc id="18681865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681865" title="1963 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1963 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1963 College Basketball All-American team as determined by aggregating the results of five major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, and the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA). 1963 was the last year that the NEA was used to determine consensus All-American teams.
1963 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:
Academic All-Americans.
Academic All-American teams were selected for the first time in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18681866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681866" title="Benjamin Anderson (soldier)">
Benjamin Anderson (soldier)

Benjamin M. Anderson (1836 – February 21, 1865) was a partisan soldier for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. He had gained military experience while serving under William Walker's filibustering campaign in Nicaragua. During the Civil War he served under Thomas Hines during Hines' espionage efforts behind Northern lines. While jailed for his war activities in a Cincinnati, Ohio jail, he committed suicide by a self-inflicted gunshot to the head on February 19, 1865.
Biography.
Anderson is believed to have been born in 1836, to James and Mary Anderson of Louisville, Kentucky. In early 1856 he became a captain for Colonel Jack Allen's Kentucky Rifles, a group under William Walker. At the Siege of Granada, Nicaragua (November 24 – December 11, 1856), he was seriously wounded.
After the initial seven states seceded from the United States to form the Confederate States of America, Anderson journeyed in March 1861 to the then-capital of the Confederacy at Montgomery, Alabama, to volunteer the services of several Kentuckians for the Confederate Army. On April 17, 1861, Anderson took his "Davis Guards" to New Orleans, where they were originally assigned to the First Louisiana Infantry. He was quickly promoted from Captain to Major of the First Kentucky Infantry (July 19, 1861) in Virginia to Lieutenant Colonel of the Third Kentucky Infantry in the Western Theatre of the War on October 25, 1861. He assisted in the evacuation of the Confederate government of Kentucky from Bowling Green, Kentucky in February 1862. Once again, he would be seriously wounded at the Battle of Shiloh, and would resign his commission on May 24, 1862.
He briefly returned to the Confederate Army as a staff officer, but eventually tired of it. He took an Oath of Allegiance to the Union cause to Union Brigadier General Jeremiah T. Boyle. However, he was now a social outcast to those with Southern sympathies, and he was followed continuously by Union detectives. There is some belief that he joined the Copperheads or Confederate "Sons of Liberty" afterward. He was involved in Thomas Hines' plans to free Confederate prisoners in Chicago's Camp Douglas, but he may have been a double agent.
By October 1864, he came back to Louisville, where he and General Boyle became partners in an oil venture. On December 18, 1864, he was arrested for his part in Hines' activities. During January 1865 he and seven others were tried on conspiracy charges for the actions involving the attempt to free prisoners at Camp Douglas. Feeling he had betrayed the Union people whom he befriended, and renouncing the Confederate cause, he said he "would prefer being dead than disgraced". He shot himself in the head while in jail in Cincinnati on February 19, 1865, and remained in pain until February 21, when he died. Of the others, two were acquitted, one was hanged, one escaped before being hanged, and the other two served 3–5 years at the Ohio Penitentiary, the judgment being made on April 19, 1865.
He is buried in Cave Hill Cemetery in the Anderson family plots.

</doc>
<doc id="18681870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681870" title="1962 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1962 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1962 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), and The Sporting News. 1962 was the last year that The Sporting News teams were used, although they would once again be used to determine consensus teams, starting in 1998.
1962 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681876" title="1961 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1961 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1961 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of seven major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), The Sporting News, and the National Collegiate Association Bureau (NCAB). 1961 was the only year where the National Collegiate Association Bureau teams were used in determining consensus teams.
1961 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681880" title="DRG Class 99.32">
DRG Class 99.32

The Class 99.32 engines were standard steam locomotives ("Einheitsdampflokomotiven") in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn in Germany. The three examples built are still working today on the "Bäderbahn Molli" ("Molli Spa Railway") between Bad Doberan and Kühlungsborn-West. A feature of the engines is the tapered driver's cab due to the restricted loading gauge of the upper section of the line. With a top speed of 50 km/h it is one of the fastest narrow gauge locomotive classes in the whole of Germany, however it cannot run at that speed on this particular route. 
Together with the DRG Class 99.33s, they are the only steam locomotives on the "Bäderbahn Molli". Because the small "Wismut" engines have a low tractive effort and top speed, the search for alternatives started. As a result a fourth "Einheitslok" was built in Dampflokwerk Meiningen. 

</doc>
<doc id="18681882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681882" title="1960 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1960 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1960 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), and The Sporting News.
1960 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681886" title="1959 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1959 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1959 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of five major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, and the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA).
1959 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681888" title="1958 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1958 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1958 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA) and the International News Service.
1958 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681890" title="1957 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1957 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1957 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn 'consensus' status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the USBWA, The United Press International, the National Association of Basketball Coaches, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA) and the International News Service.
1957 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681894" title="1956 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1956 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1956 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1956 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681899" title="1955 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1955 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1955 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1955 Consensus All-America team.
<br>
Individual All-America teams.
AP Honorable Mention:

</doc>
<doc id="18681902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681902" title="Frederick Memorial Hospital">
Frederick Memorial Hospital

Frederick Memorial Hospital is the only hospital in Frederick County, Maryland. It is located in in the city of Frederick, MD.

</doc>
<doc id="18681904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681904" title="1954 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1954 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1954 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1954 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681910" title="1953 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1953 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1953 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of six major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, the Newspaper Enterprise Association (NEA), Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1953 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681914" title="1952 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1952 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1952 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of five major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1952 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681920" title="1951 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1951 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1951 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of five major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1951 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681926" title="1950 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1950 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1950 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of five major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, Collier's Magazine and the International News Service.
1950 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681927" title="Grama">
Grama

Grama may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18681933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681933" title="1949 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1949 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1949 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of four major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, Look Magazine, The United Press International, and Collier's Magazine.
1949 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681934" title="The Best of The Rippingtons">
The Best of The Rippingtons

The Best of The Rippingtons is The Rippingtons' first compilation album which was released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18681937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681937" title="1948 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1948 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The Consensus 1948 College Basketball All-American team, as determined by aggregating the results of three major All-American teams. To earn "consensus" status, a player must win honors from a majority of the following teams: the Associated Press, the Helms Athletic Foundation, and Converse.
1948 Consensus All-America team.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18681943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681943" title="DRG Class 99.73–76">
DRG Class 99.73–76

The German Class 99.73-76 engines were standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") in service with the Deutsche Reichsbahn for Saxony's narrow gauge railways. Together with their follow-on class, the DR Class 99.77-79, they were the most powerful narrow gauge locomotives in Germany for the 750 mm rail gauge.
History.
Although there was already a very powerful locomotive for operations on the mountain lines in the Ore Mountains ("Erzgebirge") of eastern Germany in the shape of the ten-coupled ex-Saxon Class 99.67-71, there was a further requirement for an even more powerful class. So it fell to the newly formed Reichsbahn railway division of Dresden to procured an "Einheitslok" with a rail gauge. The Standardisation Office of the German Locomotive Union in Berlin-Tegel prepared the design for this class. 
The first series of 13 locomotives was built by the "Sächsische Maschinenfabrik", previously Richard Hartmann, in Chemnitz. According to the supply agreement, the "Sächsische Maschinenfabrik" was supposed to deliver more locos, but as a result of its bankruptcy and liquidation in 1930, this order was transferred to the "Berliner Maschinenbau AG" ("BMAG"), previously "Schwartzkopff". In 1928, seven locomotives were supplied by "BMAG" and another twelve followed in 1933.
The locomotives were very modern for their time, and were similar in design to the standard gauge "Einheitslokomotiven". The engines fulfilled expectations; by double-heading it was now possible to haul even very long (up to 56 axles) narrow gauge trains uphill. 
In 1945, ten locomotives had to be given to the Soviet Union as war reparations. At the same time, there was an enormous increase in the transportation required in the Erzgebirge mountains as a result of new uranium mines opened by 
"SDAG Wismut". In 1952, in order to assist with the resulting shortage of locomotives, a similar follow-on class emerged, DR Class 99.77-79, built by the "VEB Lokomotivbau Karl Marx" in Babelsberg. At the end of the 1960s, the first Class 99.73-76 engines had to be retired due to boiler damage. Ten locomotives were given new, welded boilers and continued to work their original routes. In 1992, number 99 1760 was converted to oil-firing.
Technical Features.
These ten-coupled locomotives had carrying axles housed in a Bissel bogie. The fixed third axle acted as the driving axle and had thinner wheel flanges to begin with. After 1945 its flanges were removed entirely to improve curve running still further. The wheelbase was initially; this was later increased to . 
As was typical on all "Einheitslokomotiven", the engine had a Knorr feedwater preheater mounted tranversely above the smokebox. The boiler was fed using "Friedmann" exhaust steam injectors. 
Because "Heberlein" brakes were still partially in use at that time, the locomotives also had, on delivery, the necessary equipment for them, complete with guide rollers and winders ("Haspel"). The locomotive itself had a Knorr compressed-air brake which was controlled by the vacuum brake used for the train.
As the first engines were delivered in 1928, it was already planned, to replace the obsolete funnel couplers by Scharfenberg couplers. So the first locomotives still had funnel couplers to begin; these were later swapped for the new couplings without any difficulty.
Operations.
At the outset single locomotives were even used in the Thumer Netz and in Wilsdruff. On the hilly routes of Hainsberg–Kipsdorf, Cranzahl–Oberwiesenthal and Zittau–Oybin/Jonsdorf, however, these powerful engines soon became the main prime movers. 
Today the Class 99.73-76 locomotives are stationed in Zittau and Freital-Hainsberg. One engine has also been on duty on the Lößnitzgrund Railway since the closure of the Weisseritz Valley Railway due to flooding (as at 03/2007).

</doc>
<doc id="18681959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681959" title="The Dull Flame of Desire">
The Dull Flame of Desire

"The Dull Flame of Desire" is a song recorded by Icelandic singer Björk featuring Antony Hegarty from the band Antony and the Johnsons. The track was released as the fifth and final single from her sixth full-length studio album, "Volta", on 29 September 2008. Björk has performed the song 12 times on her global Volta tour, often with Antony Hegarty onstage. The lyrics to the song are an English translation of a Russian poem by Fyodor Tyutchev, as it appears in the Andrei Tarkovsky film, "Stalker".
Track listing.
The limited edition "multiformat" box set consists of a sticker-sealed fold out box with five colored nesting boxes containing two 12" vinyl singles, a CD and a DVD in colored paper sleeves. The release includes two new remixes by Modeselektor of "The Dull Flame of Desire" and a new remix of Björk's previous single "Innocence" by Sinden. The Mark Stent mixes refer to the album version and its instrumental.
Music video.
It was first reported on the official site of Antony and the Johnsons that Antony Hegarty and Björk had shot a video for "Dull Flame of Desire". The news was subsequently removed from the site. A few months later Björk revealed in an interview that she and Antony had recorded themselves singing the song against a green screen in New York, and that she had sent the raw footage to three directors who had taken part in the video contest for her previous single "Innocence".
It was later announced that Christoph Jantos (Berlin), Masahiro Mogari (Tokyo), and Marçal Cuberta Juncà (Girona) were the chosen directors. Each director was given their own section of the film to develop how they wished - on completion the three films were edited together in London to make the final music video.
The video has three segments. In the first part (directed by Masahiro Mogari), a lot of little white dots are moving until they form Björk and Antony's faces. The second part (directed by Marçal Cuberta) features the footage of Björk and Antony with a threshold effect. In the third part (directed by Christoph Jantos), their faces are seen moving until both faces morph into one.
A different edit of the video was done for one of Modeselektor's remixes of the song and shown on MTV.

</doc>
<doc id="18681965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681965" title="AWR Corporation">
AWR Corporation

AWR Corporation is an electronic design automation (EDA) software company, founded by Dr. Joseph E. Pekarek, with Ted A. Miracco and Dr. Stephen A. Maas. The company, formerly known as Applied Wave Research, Inc., is a National Instruments company. Other locations include research and development centers in: San Jose, California; Boulder, Colorado; Helsinki, Finland; and Mequon, Wisconsin. The company has additional subsidiaries operating in the United Kingdom, France and Japan. Investors in AWR include CMEA Ventures, Intel Capital and Synopsys Inc. 
The company develops, markets, sells and supports engineering software, which provides a computer-based environment for the design of hardware for wireless and high speed digital products. AWR software is used for radio frequency (RF), microwave and high frequency analog circuit and system design. Typical applications include cellular and satellite communications systems and defense electronics including radar, electronic warfare and guidance systems. 
AWR's product portfolio includes Microwave Office, Visual System Simulator (VSS), Analog Office, APLAC, AXIEM and Analyst. AWR's worldwide customers include companies involved in the design and development of analog and mixed signal semiconductors, wireless communications equipment, aerospace and defense systems.
History.
The company was founded in 1994 by Dr. Joseph E. Pekarek and a team of MMIC design engineers, including Paul Cameron, from Hughes Aircraft Co. in Fullerton, California. First established as Applied Wave Research, AWR was founded to improve the design efficiency for RF and microwave circuit and system design. The vision of the company was to provide a modern object-oriented EDA environment that could streamline high frequency electronic design by integrating schematic entry and layout; electromagnetic (EM) and circuit theory; and frequency and time-domain methods. 
In 1998 the company demonstrated the Microwave Office software, which included EM, circuit simulation and schematic capture, at the International Microwave Symposium in Baltimore, Maryland. The software became a popular alternative to mainstream EDA products and the company experienced significant growth. In 2010 the company has more than 100 employees worldwide in North America, Europe, Japan, and the Asia Pacific Region.
As of 2010, AWR Corporation's major competitors include the EEsof EDA division of Agilent Technologies, Ansoft Corporation, and Cadence Design Systems.
Acquisitions.
It was acquired by National Instruments in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18681994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18681994" title="La Libertad, Chiapas">
La Libertad, Chiapas

La Libertad is a town and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
As of 2005, the municipality had a total population of 5,288. 
It covers an area of 1,964.90 km² and is adjacent to the municipality of Palenque and the state of Tabasco.

</doc>
<doc id="18682020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682020" title="National Library of Albania">
National Library of Albania

The National Library of Albania () is an Albanian national library headquartered in the capital, Tirana. It was founded in 1920 and inaugurated on December 10, 1922.
The National Library of Albania (NLA) is the primary national cultural institution and the oldest in the Albanian State. The NLA occupies two buildings and is organized and functions under the authority of the Ministry of Tourism, Culture, Youth and Sports. The NLA, located in Tirana, is charged as keeper of the national heritage with collecting, processing, restoring, preserving and making available to the public the written cultural heritage of the Albanian people. At the national level it organizes library education and continuing professional education, and is the study research centre in the field of librarianship, the cataloguing in publications centre, the national ISBN Agency, and the only preservation and restoration centre for special collections. Its collections comprise: books, periodicals, maps, atlases, microfilms and other library materials. The special collections are valuable for national as well as European culture. The library is open 72 hours a week to anyone over 16 years old. Users can borrow library materials or use them in the reading rooms. The library's website enables the users to search a directory as well as services, such as the OPAC, digitized catalogues, and the digital collections. The NLA organizes exhibitions, book promotions, conferences and so on. As a legal deposit institution the NLA publishes the National Bibliography. For the national library network it publishes the scientific-cultural review Bibliothecae, textbooks, professional guides, and manuals. It is a member of IFLA, LIBER, CENL, CDNL, The European Library and has been invited officially to become a partner in the World Digital Library.

</doc>
<doc id="18682025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682025" title="Paul Breslin">
Paul Breslin

Dr. Paul Breslin is a geneticist and biologist.
He is most notable for his work in taste perception and oral irritation, in humans as well as in "Drosophila melanogaster", the common fruit fly.
He is a Member at the Monell Chemical Senses Center and acts as Director of the Science Apprenticeship Program. He is a Professor in the Department of Nutritional Sciences at Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682028" title="The Palmolive Hour">
The Palmolive Hour

The Palmolive Hour was a critically acclaimed radio concert hour in the USA, sponsored by Palmolive Soap and broadcast on NBC from December 9, 1927 to July 29, 1931. The Palmolive Musical Stock Company (aka the Palmolivers) offered a mix of jazz, show tunes and opera selections. 
The program usually opened with a duet by Frank Munn and soprano Virginia Rea. To call attention to the sponsor's product, they did not appear on the program under their own names but instead were introduced each week as Paul Oliver and Olive Palmer. Contralto Elizabeth Lennox was featured in duets with Rea. Gus Haenschen led the orchestra with Frank Black at the piano.
Guest appearances.
Fanny Brice was a guest on the program's premiere, and other broadcasts featured such guests as Gene Tunney, the Duncan Sisters, Claudie Muzie, Cliff Edwards (aka Ukelele Ike), Cecil Lean, Cleo Mayfield, The Revelers and Edith Mason, prima donna soprano of the Chicago Civic Opera Company. The announcers were Phillips Carlin and Alois Havrilla.
When the series came to an end during mid-summer 1931, only a few months lapsed before many associated with "The Palmolive Hour" were reunited on a new series that fall. Munn, Rea, Lennox, the Revelers and Haenschen all continued in the similar format of "The American Album of Familiar Music". Munn stayed with that series until his retirement in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="18682034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682034" title="1920 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans">
1920 NCAA Men's Basketball All-Americans

The 1920 College Basketball All-American team, as chosen by the Helms Foundation. The player highlighted by gold indicates that he was chosen as the Helms Foundation Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18682043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682043" title="Liu Deli">
Liu Deli

Liu Deli (劉德利) (born 1980-01-01 in Heilongjiang) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
His personal best performance was first place at the 2005 National Games - 120 kg Greco-Roman class.
In the Men's Greco-Roman 120 kg weight class in 2012, he lost in the first round to Mihály Deák-Bárdos.

</doc>
<doc id="18682046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682046" title="Anguera">
Anguera

Anguera is a town in the Brazilian State of Bahia.

</doc>
<doc id="18682080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682080" title="Sahibzada Mohammad Kursheed">
Sahibzada Mohammad Kursheed

Sahibzada Mohammad Kursheed was the first Pakistani Chief Commissioner of Balochistan.

</doc>
<doc id="18682084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682084" title="Steven Tsapelas">
Steven Tsapelas

Steven Tsapelas is an American writer and filmmaker best known for his work on the popular webseries "We Need Girlfriends".
Early life.
Steven Tsapelas was born in Queens, New York on March 8th, 1981. After graduating from Bethpage High School in 1999, Tsapelas enrolled at Hofstra University as a Film Major. In 2000, he formed the Hofstra Filmmakers Club with Brian Amyot and Angel Acevedo where they produced numerous comedic short films.
In his senior year Tsapelas took home Best Film and Best Director for his thesis film "Be My Valentine, Franny Canada", which went on to play at the Long Island Film Expo and the Palm Springs International Short Film Fest before being picked up for international distribution by Big Film Shorts.
We Need Girlfriends.
In 2006, Tsapelas pitched the idea of We Need Girlfriends to his Ragtag Productions co-founders Angel Acevedo and Brian Amyot. Tsapelas wrote all eleven episodes of the popular webseries and directed "MySpace," "Rod vs Henry" and "Future Henry", as well as the lost episode "Ex-Sex".
Tsapelas, Amyot and Acevedo were in development on a television version of "We Need Girlfriends" for Sony Pictures and CBS, to be executive produced by Darren Star, Dennis Erdman and Clark Peterson, but Tsapelas has recently confirmed the project has been cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="18682101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682101" title="Up Jenkins">
Up Jenkins

Up Jenkins, also known by the shortened name "Jenkins", is a party game in which players conceal a small coin (or in some variations a ring) in their palm as they slap it on a table with their bare hands. The goal of the game is for the players on the team without the coin to correctly identify which hand the coin is under. The game typically consists of two two- to four-player teams, one on each side of a table. There are no official rules, so rules may vary widely, the game is often played with alcohol beverages with which to drink as a forfeit.
Gameplay.
The captain of one team takes a coin and passes it under the table to the second person of the team. The players on that team pass the coin under the table back and forth from one player to another. The object of the game is to do it so carefully that the opposing team cannot guess which player has the coin. 
Once this selection is made, the opposing team's captain yells "Up Jenkins" at which point all players on the team with the coin place their elbows on the table with their hands extended straight toward the ceiling. The opposing team's captain then yells "Down Jenkins" or "Bang Ems", at which point the "coin" team slams their palms face-down on the table. The goal of this stage of the game is to conceal the "clink" of the coin on the table to confuse the other team as to where the coin is. 
In some variants of the game, other commands can be given before the coins are slammed onto the table. A request of "Open Windows" requires selected finger gaps to be opened, and "Creepy Crawlies" requires players to curl their hands and move them around on the table in the manner of a crab.
In the guessing phase of the game, the non-coin team selects palms, one by one, in an attempt to isolate the coin as the "last palm standing." Where the games is played in conjunction with alcohol, successful isolation results in the coin team drinking. Failure to do so results in the non-coin team drinking. The quantity of alcohol consumed per round is a matter of house rules or local variation.
The game can also be played as a children's party game.

</doc>
<doc id="18682109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682109" title="Burghfield Bridge">
Burghfield Bridge

Burghfield Bridge is a bridge and a hamlet in the Parish of Burghfield, which stands to the south of it in the English county of Berkshire. The settlement is situated between the village of Burghfield and the Reading suburb of Southcote. In 2006, the Reading Chronicle named the hamlet as one of the most desirable (and thus most expensive) places to live in the Reading area.
History.
The bridge.
The hamlet is so-called due to the bridge crossing the River Kennet (now part of the Kennet and Avon Canal). The river was first crossed in the area in the thirteenth century by the Lord of the Manor, Matthew. The original Burghfield Bridge was built by the De Burghfield family, but they had arguments with King Edward I over who should repair it. There was a minor skirmish there after the First Battle of Newbury in 1643.
The Cunning Man.
Burghfield Bridge is involved in the local legend of the "Cunning Man". Various stories exist regarding the legend, citing the Cunning Man as a wizard from nearby Tadley, who was able to heal both ailments and broken relationships. Another explanation is that a local building (now the "Peter Pan Café") was built by a cunning man using bricks placed on their sides - so to use less building materials.
The story lends its name to the local pub/restaurant, part of the Mitchells and Butlers "Vintage Inns" brand.
World War II.
In the early Part of World War II, several anti-invasion measures were installed across the borough, including a fortified house at Burghfield Bridge. Iverne House is situated 100m to the south of the Bridge and was originally a stables. This was converted into a two storey shell-proof infantry strongpoint around 1941/42. There are gun ports clearly visible from the main Burghfield/Reading Road. The building was converted to a private dwelling in 1994
Places of interest.
Burghfield Bridge is the location of Keynote Studios, a recording facility that has recently recorded the follow-up to The Race's 2006 album "Be Your Alibi".
There is a disused water mill, Burghfield Mill, located alongside the River Kennet and to the West of Burghfield Bridge, now converted to residential apartments. Burghfield Lock lies nearby on the Kennet and Avon Canal.
Transport.
Burghfield Bridge is served by Reading Buses routes 2, 2a and 2b. The hamlet is located near to Reading services on the M4 motorway, although the nearest access point to the road (junction 11) is located to the south-east. The nearest railway stations to the hamlet are Theale railway station and Reading West railway station. Both stations are located a little more than away.
Nearby towns.
Reading
Nearby villages.
Burghfield, Burghfield Common, Pingewood, Southcote

</doc>
<doc id="18682112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682112" title="Gracie Awards">
Gracie Awards

The Gracie Awards celebrate and honor programming created for women, by women, and about women, as well as individuals who have made exemplary contributions in electronic media and affiliates. Presented annually, the Gracie Awards recognize national, local and student works. 
History.
The Gracie Awards ceremony is presented by the Alliance for Women in Media Foundation (AWM). The awards are named after radio and television star Gracie Allen. Gracie was a successful comedienne, entertainer, entrepreneur and activist. As half of the Burns and Allen act, one of the most prominent comedy teams in American history, Gracie has been a role model for women in media and entertainment.
The Gracie Awards are divided into two days, a gala and a luncheon. The Gracie Awards Gala is a black tie evening affair and awards individuals in the national and mainstream arena. The Gracie Awards Gala has been regularly held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles, CA. The Gracie Awards Luncheon, a more casual affair, honors local, public, online and student works and has been held in New York.
Participants.
Gala Hosts from 2005-2010
Paula Zahn, Megan Mullally, Lesley Visser, Giulianna Rancic, Niecy Nash, Maria Menounos
Gala Performers from 2005-2010
Gloria Gaynor, Miri Ben-Ari, Dance Times Square, Onyx, Elisabeth Withers-Mendez, Dwana Smallwood, Girl Scouts Chorus of Nassau County, Taylor Swift, Dianne Reeves, Melissa Pabon Dancers, Darlin Garcia, The Stunners, Macy Gray
Luncheon Hosts from 2005-2008
Rene Syler, Roz Abrams (twice), Nancy Giles
Luncheon Keynote Speakers
Geraldine Laybourne, Laureen Ong, The Satellite Sisters, Jessica Weiner
Dove Real Beauty Award
Shaun Robinson, 2011 Honoree, Jessica Simpson, 2010 Honoree, Amy Poehler 2009 Honoree, Lisa Ling 2008 Honoree, Joy Behar 2007 Honoree, Linda Ellerbee 2006 Honoree, Gayle King 2005 Honoree

</doc>
<doc id="18682113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682113" title="Foundation (Doc Watson album)">
Foundation (Doc Watson album)

Foundation: Doc Watson Guitar Instrumental Collection, 1964-1998 (or simply Foundation) is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson, released in 2000. It contains instrumental tracks from Watson's 1964 to 1968 recordings.
Personnel.
Production notes: Re-issue

</doc>
<doc id="18682147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682147" title="Trade costs and facilitation">
Trade costs and facilitation

Trade Costs & Facilitation: The Development Dimension is an ongoing research project on trade facilitation reform carried out by the Development Economics Research Group of the World Bank. 
The project is focused on expanding knowledge about the relationships between trade costs and private sector growth and export competitiveness in developing countries. A major focus is on exploring the dynamic gains associated with lowering trade transactions costs and identifying the relative importance (net benefits) of related reform measures. The project has two primary parts: research and policy relevant analysis, and support for new data.
The project analyzes trade facilitation effects in a broad sense, as its analysis spans the entire realm of a typical international trade transaction; this includes, among other topics, the transparency and professionalism of customs and regulatory environments, the efficiency of supply chain-related infrastructure, the harmonization of product standards, and conformance to international or regional regulations.
Leadership & Funding.
The Project is led by Lead Economist John S. Wilson of the World Bank, and is funded through a Trust Fund at the World Bank established by the United Kingdom Department for International Development and a Multi-donor Trust Fund for Trade and Development.
Research.
Research associated with the project has included policy working papers, presentations, learning events, and research briefs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682149" title="Maung Maung Ta">
Maung Maung Ta

Maung Maung Ta (Mohammed Shafi Ata Sherazee haj) was born on January 9, 1926 in Mandalay, Upper Burma. His father, Khan Bahadur Hajee Gulam Hussain Sherazee, was consul for Persia in Burma (1929–1944), as was his grandfather, Khan Bahadur Aga Ali Akbar Sherazee (1910–1929).
Biography.
His secondary education ended in 1941, when the British presence withdrew to India. At that time, he was in the 10th Standard at St Peter’s English High School in Mandalay.
Military service.
He joined the Burma Independence Army in 1942.
He became a civilian attaché in 1943, serving as procurement officer within the Arms & Ammunition Department of General Aung San’s War Ministry, in Rangoon, Burma under Japanese Army occupation. He joined the resistance movement against the occupying forces as the Allies advanced into Burma.
Maung Maung Ta joined the post-independence Regular Burma Army in 1948 as a private soldier, then was commissioned in the field and became the Burma Army’s first military administrator in the Insein District.
In 1950, Maung Maung Ta became an infantry and staff captain in the Burma Army. He attended the staff duty and administration training at the Burma Army Staff College arranged by the British Services Mission in Burma under Major-General Temple of the United Kingdom. Maung Maung Ta stood first in the Army Staff College Course Examinations of 1950 and for the year 1951.
In 1950, 2/Lt Maung Mg Ta attended Staff College Regimental Course with senior staff and infantry captains and stood first in administration and third in the exam.
Movie star.
From 1955 to 1980 he was a very highly successful actor starring in over 40 feature films. He visited Bombay including the RK Studios, and met Raj Kapoor and director Mehboob Khan who was then filming "Mother India".
Prime Minister U Nu's anti-communist play "The People Win Through" ("Ludu Aung Than" in Burmese) was turned into a feature film in 1954, produced by Cascade Pictures of Hollywood, directed by George Seitz (Jr) and filmed on location in Burma. The English version of the screen script was written by Paul Gangelin, President of the Writers Guild of Hollywood. It was June Rose Bellamy (Yadana Nat Mai) who introduced Maung Maung Ta to the Hollywood team. The cast were Thukha, Bo Ba Kho, Hla Maung Glay, Mya Gyi, Maung Maung Ta, Bo Tauk Tun, Thein Han Gyi, Bagyi, Ohn Mg, Hat Hat and Mai Tin. U Thukha, Maung Maung Ta and Hat Hat were alive till 2004. As of 2007, only Maung Maung Ta is alive.
Maung Maung Ta's debut into the Myanmar cinema industry was spectacular. Prime Minister U Nu himself appeared on the screen of "The People Win Through". The premier show was attended by Mahn Win Maung, the third and last President of Burma, with Prime Minister U Nu and his Cabinet Ministers. Maung Maung Ta was seated between U Thant, then Information Secretary (later to become the UN Secretary General) and Chan Htoon, the Attorney General, both of whom had earlier accompanied Maung Maung Ta to introduce him to meet the Prime Minister after being chosen to play the lead role offered by Hollywood.
On the day of the premiere screening the city of Yangon witnessed the height of publicity with Burma Air Force planes littering the city with publicity pamphlets from the skies over-three major cities, viz., Yangon, Pegu and Prome, announcing the arrival and release of 165 copies of the feature film that had arrived from the US for simultaneous release all over the country. The film was a big political success and a blow to communism in Myanmar; it was arranged by the Committee for Free Asia, an American millionaire Association formed to keep communism away from South East Asia.
U Nu appointed Maung Maung Ta, aged 26, to be 2nd Secretary at the Burmese Embassy in Washington, D.C., to accompany U Thant, the Burmese Ambassador to the US and later the United Nations Secretary General. He also advised him to quit the army, adding that a prime minister could not easily create an actor, but that he could, someday make him a diplomat with ambassadorial rank. On these assurances Maung Maung Ta chose to be an actor – a matinee idol – and to be an Ambassador later.
Maung Maung Ta made his first film "Dr Aung Kyaw Oo" adapted from the Indian film "Shole" (with Ashok Kumar and Bina Rai). This Myanmar version won the annual Burma Film Academy Award for the year 1956.
Graduated from the Burma School of Journalism. In the same year, the Motion Picture Council, Burma, chose him to represent Burma at the 1957 Asian Film Festival held in Manila, Philippines. Maung Maung Ta was received in audience by President Carlo Garcia at the Malacanang Palace ion Manila. He performed the tango on television with Philippine Actress Lita Gutierrez.
He established a movie company in Mandalay, the Naypyidaw Film Co. The first production "Mhyaw Ta Lint Lint" – "Never Say Goodbye – was a top box office success for the year 1962. Maung Maung Ta directed/produced the only Indian movie produced in Yangon, titled “Pardesi Hisdustani", with a local Indian cast. It was a success.
In 1994 Maung Maung Ta produced and directed a movie in Los Angeles titled “Love and Hate”, starring himself as the heart specialist Dr Arthur Maughan Ta, with his wife May acted by Ma Thida. The all Myanmar cast included five times Myanmar academy award winner Myint Myint Khin as the mother of the lead star Alex, acted by Ali Asgar. Also starring was the vocalist May Sweet and Ali Akbar as Alex’s father. The English speaking movie with an all Myanmar cast with Thida Win and Mar Mar Aye in the cast was not permitted to be shown in Myanmar.
Political Life.
Under Operation “White Elephant” General Ne Win, who had made a coup d'état upon the democratically elected government of Prime Minister U Nu, sent 1200 of the U Nu’s supporters to jail custody, Maung Maung Ta was one of them. All detainees were kept for 14 months except for Maung Maung Ta, who was released by order of General Ne Win after two months.
As requested by ex Minister for Trade U Raschid and the hospital committee, Maung Maung Ta became the Chief Administrator in control of the Muslim Free Hospital in Barr Street, Rangoon. The Hospital was returned by him in a “better” shape to the Hospital Committee after 3 years sole management.
Elected President of the All Myanmar Shia Muslim Organization on the decease of its President in 1971.
Maung Maung Ta as President of the AMSMO plays host in Rangoon to Mr Innamullah Khan, the Secretary General of the World Muslim Congress - Rabita.
Elected Vice President of the Islamic Religious Affairs Council (IRAC), Myanmar at its 9th Conference held in Myithkyina. He served at the CEC of the IRAC from 1977 till 1995.
As Chairman of the “Islamic University Building Committee” he led a committee that collected enough funds to build an Islamic University in Yangon in 1977.
Elected President, by the Holy Prophet Day Celebrations Central Committee, of three consecutive (1450-1452) “Yauman Nabi” years as Chairman of the Birthday Celebrations. He is the only Shia Muslim to head a Sunni majority dominated committee in the history of the Committee.
Host to Hujjatul Islam Mohammed Ali Khatame, representative of Ayatollah Khomeini immediately after the Iranian Revolution.
The visiting Brother General from Rome, Italy appointed the old St. Peterite student Maung Maung Ta the Chairman of the St. John Baptist de La Salle Tercentenary Celebrations (1680-1980), Myanmar.
In London, UK to become one of the Founder Members of the World Ahlul Bayt Islamic League, an Arab based cover organization for the Shia Muslims of the world. Attended the inaugural conference held in August 1983 and other subsequent tri-annual conferences in London. Appointed by WABIL UK as the resident representative of WABIL in Myanmar.
Performed the Haj at Mecca, Saudi Arabia, together with 150000 Iranian pilgrims as a member of the Iranian Haj caravan at Mecca, with the permission of Ayatullah Kohe’Niha, its commander.
Visited the USA for the first time to attend daughter Zeenat’s wedding. Received a Green Card and had his right eye operated in Los Angeles. Became a resident alien of the USA as Resident Alien A 027195222.
During the massive anti-government demonstrations and civil turmoil in 1988, he was elected to the Central Executive Committee of the League for Democracy and Peace, a political organization headed by the ex Prime Minister the U Nu.
Stood for parliamentary election in 1990 from Mandalay under Myanmar’s military regime.
In London to attend the World Ahlul Bayt Islamic League conference (9th to 11th Sept.) after an eye surgical operation in California, USA. Invited to visit Iran, as guest of the Foreign Ministry, by Iran’s Ambassador to Thailand and Myanmar in Bangkok.
Ayatollah Khamenei granted Maung Maung Ta an audience at the Presidential Office in Teheran on January 27.
Diamond Jubilee birthday celebrations in Yangon with a lifelong achievement photo and video exhibition at the Mogul Hall, patronised by 8000 guests within 8 days. The materials displayed was vetted by the Myanmar government.
Hospitalized on December 17 with “severe multiple gastric erosion’, “bleeding in stomach with melaena stool’, at Taw Win Hospital after he had fasted the full 30 days of Ramadan. 55 bottles of blood transfusion were given within seven days. Clinically dead twice. Discharged from hospital on 16 January 2002.
Required by the Interreligious and International Federation for World Peace (IIFWP) to attend the Interreligious and International Peace Council (IIPC) conference in New York on October 1–3, while the 58th General Assembly of the UN is taking place. Refused a visa to enter the USA because of being designated a member of a terrorist organisation by the Secretary, Department of Homeland Security
Awarded the “Fellowship of the Dublin Metropolitan University of Ireland" in 2004 at aConvocation held in Yangon, Myanmar, on 15-6-2005.
Attended the second conference of the IIFWP/IIPC “World Culture of Hearts“ held on 23–27 July 2004 in Seoul.
Raised and donated a million Kyats to the Yangon General Hospital on 15-3-2004.
Invited by Dublin Metropolitan University to travel to London in March 2005 and attend the convocation held at the Athenaeum in London on 29 March. Awarded a PhD from Dublin Metropolitan University; returned to Yangon from London on 17 April 2005. Upon his return he was immediately required to proceed to Bangkok, Thailand to attend two conferences within the same month: the Interreligious & International Peace Council (IIPC) (23–24 April) and United Nations 12th Congress on Crime Protection and Criminal Justice (19–25 May).
As Ambassador for Peace (UPF-IIFWP) host to 250 guests of all religious faiths and diplomats at the Central Hotel in Yangon for the Peace and Dialogue Dinner with major communities in Yangon on April 29.
Attended one day “Interfaith Cooperation Seminar“ (Buddhist-Muslim dialogue) at Shalom, in Loikaw Centre, Yangon, Yangon 18 July 6, joined by delegates from Cambodia.
Attended The 3rd Assembly of the Universal Peace Federation, conference in Seoul, Korea (September 10–14).
Spouses and children.
Hajee Bi Bi (July 18, 1944-) 
Gloria Ma Khin Nwe
and his sons 
Aung San Ta, Aung Win Ta, and His Favorite one - artist and Activist, Nay Min Ta(r)
Sofia San Yu Maw (August 30, 2002 – present) 
He has ten children.

</doc>
<doc id="18682154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682154" title="Avery Gilbert">
Avery Gilbert

Avery Gilbert is a self-described "smell scientist" and "sensory psychologist".
Early life and education.
Gilbert received his Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of Pennsylvania under the tutelage of Norman Adler.
Career.
He is most known for his book "What the Nose Knows: The Science of Smell in Everyday Life" published by Crown Publishing Group. The book was a finalist for the 2008 Los Angeles Times Book Prize in Science & Technology, while also shortlisted for the 2009 Royal Society Prize for Science Books".
In an interview with online fragrance magazine "Sniffapalooza", Gilbert states that he was inspired to write "What the Nose Knows" when his science colleagues expressed enthusiasm for his tough review of Chandler Burr's "The Emperor of Scent" published in "Nature Neuroscience" in April 2003. Gilbert wrote that Burr's biography of geneticist and "Perfumes: The Guide" author Luca Turin was "giddy and overwrought ... a triumphalist account of an unproven alternate theory".
Gilbert founded the Cranial One Corporation, developing a rapid smell test—the Cranial I Quick Sniff—for use by physicians and consumer research companies. He sold the company in 2005. He previously founded Synesthetics, Inc., a multisensory research and consulting company specializing in the consumer impact of smell, co-authored the National Geographic Smell Survey, served as President of the Sense of Smell Institute, VP for Sensory Psychology at Givaudan Roure Fragrances, VP of sensory research for DigiScents (which shut down in 2001 due to lack of additional funding—the company had invested $20 million to develop technology to provide the sense of smell to the Internet, including investments from Givaudan and Quest International).
Gilbert was the subject of a recent Podcast by the New York Academy of Sciences. You can hear the content of that Podcast here. Katie Puckrik video-interviewed Avery Gilbert for her website, 'Katie Puckrik Smells'. You can watch the interview here.

</doc>
<doc id="18682168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682168" title="Left to Die">
Left to Die

Left to Die is an extended play by American death metal band Obituary.

</doc>
<doc id="18682169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682169" title="Wolmer's Schools">
Wolmer's Schools

Wolmer's Schools, located in Kingston, Jamaica consists of Wolmer's Pre-School, Wolmer's Prep School and two high schools, Wolmer's Girls' School and Wolmer's Trust High School for Boys. The original school is the second oldest (Combermere in Barbados was established in 1695) English speaking school in the Caribbean. The Wolmer's Schools are considered among Jamaica's most prestigious schools, with a traditional British-style uniform, a Christian ethos, homework, and a firm disciplinary code. The schools more closely resemble British schools of the 1950s than of today.
History.
Wolmer's can boast of being the oldest school in the Caribbean having been founded on 21 May 1729, the same day John Wolmer made his last will and testament, leaving the bulk of his estate for the foundation of a free school in the parish of his death. The sum of the legacy was £2,360. 
Little is known of John Wolmer except that he was a goldsmith in Kingston for more than twenty years. It is possible that he was originally from Switzerland. It is known that that he was married in the St. Andrew Parish Church on July 1705 and that he died in Kingston on 29 June 1729.
There were some delays in giving effect to Wolmer's will but, after many amendments and conferences between the House of Assembly and the Council, a law was passed and in 1736 the Wolmer's Trust, which would manage the affairs of the school, was established.
The original Wolmer's Trustees then, as now, were persons of great repute in society. In fact, in the early days the trustees threatened to outnumber the students. They included the Commander-in-Chief and four senior members of Council. There was the Speaker of the House of Assembly; the Chief Justice; the Custos of Kingston; the four senior Magistrates of Kingston; all the members of the Assembly for Kingston; the Anglican Rector; the Church Wardens and vestrymen of Kingston plus six free citizens to be appointed each year. 
The law that established the Wolmer's school made no distinction in respect of colour, class or creed of the students, nor was there discrimination between boys and girls. In 1782, there were 64 boys and 15 girls on roll and the staff consisted of a Chief Master; a writing master and accountant; a teacher of mathematics and a teacher of the French and Spanish languages. 
The Wolmer's school was originally situated in downtown Kingston at what is still known as the Wolmer's Yard, now a parking lot and vendors' arcade beside the Kingston Parish Church. In 1896, the schools were separated and independent heads appointed for the Boys' and Girls' schools. After the 1907 earthquake, when most of the school buildings were destroyed, the schools were relocated to its present site, north of Race Course or what is now the National Heroes Park. 
In 1941, at the instigation of Miss Skempton, the headmistress of Wolmer's Girls, the preparatory school was established to ‘feed' the girls' school. It began with six girls in the area which now houses the canteen and art room.
Over the years, the Wolmer's Schools have had many benefactors who have helped to ensure that the schools, which at the start of the new millennium comprise some 3,000 students and 150 faculty members, have fulfilled the hope expressed in the law of 1736, that Wolmer's would become "a very considerable and beneficial seminary of learning for youth". 
Thoughts each Founder's Day go back to John Wolmer. A marble memorial in the Kingston Parish Church shows a seated figure of Liberty holding a medallion of the crest of the school and the sun of Learning breaking through the clouds of Ignorance. 
Since Wolmer's bequest, there have been many other contributions to the schools by citizens. The largest recorded legacy to Wolmer's was made in 1831 when Ellis Wolfe donated £1000. In 1998, Vernon A Barrett, an Old Boy, endowed the trust with $5 million for the three schools. Houses have been named after several of the benefactors. Glasspole House was named after His Excellency, the Most Honourable Sir Florizel Glasspole, O.N., G.C.M.G., G.C.V.O., C.D., LL.D.(Hon) former Governor General and Old Boy, who chaired the 250th Anniversary Celebration Committee and was instrumental in the building of the joint sixth form block, completed in 1984. Sir Florizel died on 25 November 2000. The Wolmer's Trust owns all the lands housing the three schools and is responsible for their maintenance and repair.
Curriculum.
At the secondary school level, Wolmer's Schools follows the traditional English grammar school model used throughout the British West Indies, which incorporates the optional year 12 and 13, collectively known as Sixth Form. The first year of secondary school is regarded as first form, or year seven, and the subsequent year groups are numbered in increasing order up to sixth form. Students in the upper sixth form (year thirteen) are prepared for their GCE A-level examinations, however the option exists to sit exams after completing lower sixth form (year 12).
School crest.
The Wolmer's Schools Crest is a replica of the original School Seal from the 1700s and represents "The Sun of Learning bursting through the Cloud of Ignorance".
Rhodes Scholars.
Since 1904, Wolmer's Schools has had the enviable heritage of producing 21 Rhodes Scholars who have gone on to lead in various capacities both locally and internationally.
WOLMERIAN JAMAICA & RHODES SCHOLARS
Extracurricular activities.
Wolmer's Schools ethos is governed by the adage "a Sound Mind in a Sound Body" and as such significant emphasis is placed on the extracurricular activities.
These include
Rotary Interact, 
Wolmer's High School for Girls.
Track and Field, Volleyball, Netball, Competitive Swimming, Water Polo, Synchronized Swimming, Basketball, Football, Softball, Field Hockey, Lawn Tennis, Table Tennis, Badminton, Cadets, Debating Club, Key Club, Heritage Club, Tourism in Action Club, Rotoract Club, Interact Club, Octagon Club, Drama Club, Art Club, Chess Club and School's Challenge Quiz, Steel Band Club, Inter-School Christian Fellowship(ISCF), Teens for Technology(TFT)
Cricket.
Wolmer's Boys School was once referred to, locally, as the "University of Cricket" having the most wins of the Sunlight Cup for Inter Scholastic Under 19 Cricket. Wolmer's Boys has produced many cricketers that have represented Jamaica and the West Indies Cricket Team. As a matter of fact, Wolmer's Boys' School is noted in cricket in the West Indies for having produced six test wicket-keepers. The Daily Telegraph wrote: "One school: six Test wicket-keepers. There has never been any nurturing like it.".
Wolmer's Old Boys' Association.
The Wolmer's Old Boys' Association was founded in 1905 to keep Old Boys in touch with each other, while at the same time to preserve their affection for and to foster the interests of their alma mater. The current President is Major Marlon M.C. Case B Sc MBA.
Over 100 years later, WOBA has evolved into a legally recognised charitable association that operates exclusively for the betterment of our school, the Wolmer's Trust High School for Boys.
Connected by our maroon and gold heritage, WOBA’s membership comprises alumna from virtually all walks of life who contribute their time, talents and resources towards, the advancement of the traditions of excellence known to "our school we all love dearly".
WOBA's core activities are geared towards providing financial support to our school and its students. We support educational initiatives and programmes that facilitate the holistic development of the students.
To this end, WOBA organises and executes various fund raising initiatives, of which our Annual Banquet a signature event.
WOBA also operates an ongoing mentorship programme that seeks to provide guidance and positive examples to the young men enrolled at our alma mater.
Our events and activities facilitate the Association's century old objectives and strengthens the Wolmer’s family and legacy.
The Constitution and By-Laws for WOBA is http://www.wolmersoldboys.org/node4
Houses.
There are seven houses at Wolmer's Boys' School:
There are four houses at Wolmer's Preparatory and Pre-School:
There are six houses at Wolmer's Trust High School for Girls
Nickname.
The nickname "the Maroons" is based on the school's official colours of Maroon & Gold.

</doc>
<doc id="18682183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682183" title="I Like It Loud">
I Like It Loud

"I Like It Loud" is a single by Marc Acardipane Presents Marshall Masters Feat. The Ultimate MC which was released in the year 1997.
History.
I like it loud was produced and writing by Marc Acardipane and was released in 1997 on Acardipane Records/ID&T.<br>
The lyrics "My radio believe me I like it loud" originally come from the LL Cool J song 'I Can't Live Without My Radio'.
Scooter version.
In 2003, "I Like It Loud" was covered by German techno group Scooter as "Maria (I Like It Loud)", it was released as the third and final single from their 2003 album The Stadium Techno Experience.
History.
The version made for the single features Marc Acardipane and Dick Rules and is a remixed version of the track featured on the album. The video for the song shows Scooter performing at a night club together with Dick Rules, who acts as "MC" in the same way as he acts in life performances together with "Marc Acardipane". In the charts, the single reached number four in Germany and Austria.
The song is also used by some association football clubs to boost atmosphere in the stadium, most notably as the anthem for Romanian team Steaua Bucharest and as the goal-celebration song for German club Borussia Mönchengladbach, Italian US Città di Palermo, the MLS' Philadelphia Union. The Philadelphia Flyers of the NHL used this as their 2011 Playoff goal song and have begun to use it as their regular goal song during the 2011-2012 season. In KHL, Slovan Bratislava use the song as their regular goal song during home matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18682189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682189" title="Mortaio da 210/8 D.S.">
Mortaio da 210/8 D.S.

The Mortaio da 210/8 D.S. was a siege howitzer which served with Italy during World War I and World War II. It was an old-fashioned weapon when introduced around 1900. It was mounted on a timber firing platform and lacked a recoil system of any kind. It was mounted on a De Stefano carriage which attempted to handle the weapon's recoil by mounting the weapon on a series of inclined ramps. The barrel and cradle had their own inclined ramp as did the carriage. When the weapon fired the cradle would move up the inclined ramp while the carriage would also recoil up an a set of inclined rails. Gravity and springs would return the howitzer to its firing position. Despite the name the weapon was not a mortar, but rather a short-barreled howitzer (a Mörser in German terms).
Some of these were still in service during World War II, but played little part in the war, never leaving Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="18682221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682221" title="Lagan Valley Hospital">
Lagan Valley Hospital

The Lagan Valley Hospital is a hospital in Lisburn, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. It provides services to an estimated 125,000 people from Greater Lisburn, the Lisburn City Council area and other parts of South East Ulster.
History.
The hospital can trace its roots back to a workhouse on the same Hillsborough Road site that opened during the famine. The workhouse which was then known as the "Lisburn Poor House", became the "Lisburn and Hillsborough District Hospital" in 1922. After a major extension, the hospital was renamed "Lagan Valley Hospital" in 1947. The hospital has seen great enlargement in years since, hastened by the closure of the geriatric units at Killowen and Lissue. At the turn of the millennium, the hospital was granted a new Accident and Emergency wing.
Today.
In February 2008, the trust announced that maternity services were to cease at the hospital in 2009. The decision sparked major controversy and heralded the 'Save our Services' campaign, which was backed by local politicians and local newspaper, the Ulster Star. The move was part of measures to cut costs, however it has been claimed that the closure will put other hospitals in the region into 'meltdown'. A senior member of maternity liaison committee stated that it would have a 'detrimental impact', as hospitals in Belfast and Craigavon were already 'bursting'. Such claims were rejected by Health minister Michael McGimpsey, who deemed them 'unhelpful'. 
The closure came only two years after the decision to strip the hospital of acute services.
Similar controversy was caused by limiting the opening hours of the A&E unit to daytime hours of 9AM to 8PM since 2011. Local politicians and members of the community complained vociferously about the limited opening hours and demanded a full A&E service be restored, which was finally agreed to by Health Minister Edwin Poots and the SE Health Trust. As of June 2012, no date has been given for the restoration of full A&E service.

</doc>
<doc id="18682245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682245" title="James A. Garfield (ship)">
James A. Garfield (ship)

The James A. Garfield was an American 3-masted bark which sunk off of the Florida gulf coast.
The "Garfield" transported lumber and operated in and out of Apalachee Bay. During this time, the bay served as an anchorage for timber concerns in northern Florida and provided access to the port towns of Apalachicola, Carrabelle, and St. Marks. The bay also provided access to river port towns of Port Leon and Magnolia. 
On August 1, 1899, the 2nd hurricane of the season struck St. George Island and the Apalachee Bay area causing massive damage to some 15 ships moored at Dog Island, Florida. The "Garfield" remained intact with cargo still on-board but was beached and surrounded by several other hulls of wrecks making it economically unfeasible to refloat the ship.

</doc>
<doc id="18682251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682251" title="Ragga Twins">
Ragga Twins

Ragga Twins or "RTC" are a jungle group from Hackney, England, composed of London UNITY sound system veteran MCs Deman Rockers and Flinty Badman (real names David and Trevor Destouche). "Socialist Worker" referred to them as "one of the most influential acts to emerge from the rave scene". In 2008, Soul Jazz Records issued a compilation album of their early 1990s recordings entitled "Ragga Twins Step Out", whilst the same year the Twins lent their vocals to the Backdraft single, "Rock the Mic". They have also been featured on Mason and the Fraudsters 2010 UK Funky track - "U Appear".
The Ragga Twins longest musical relationship is with Aquasky, a partnership that was first cemented in 2001 when Brent Newitt went to Flinty Badmans house in Hackney. After a beer or two, the pair decided to work together and later that year the tracks "All In Check ft. CoGee" and "Loko" were written for Botchit & Scarper. Four months later the tracks "Coffee" and "Dem No No We" were recorded for drum and bass label Moving Shadow and later in 2002 the d&b track "Dirty Entertainers" was recorded with Aquasky on their now defunct Sonix label. The following year a remix was created and a few white labels distributed but the single was never released due to Aquasky leaving their distribution deal with ST Holdings and moving to SRD.
A series of 12" singles were released with Aquasky on their Passenger label since 2002 and the Ragga Twins are due to record three new tracks at the Aquasky Studios for projects on Passenger to be released in 2013 for the 601 album "We Do Bass" and the Ragga Twins 2002-2013 compilation album.
In 2004 Aquasky were approached by HBO for the usage of the tracks 'Loko' or Dem No No We' to be used in the Ali G series "Ali G In The USA". HBO finally settled on "Dem No No We" which took the Ragga Twins new breakbeat output into America.
A video was shot for the "Superbad" single in 2011.
Ragga Twins and Aquasky still tour the world doing shows to this day.
In 2012 Flinty Badman & Demon Rockers appeared in the Plan B movie Ill Manors
Ragga twins still play regularly on KOOL.FM now KOOL LONDON
Discography.
Singles.
† Ragga Twins featuring Junior Reid

</doc>
<doc id="18682255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682255" title="Terrance Odean">
Terrance Odean

Terrance Odean is a professor of banking and finance at the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his work on behavioral finance.

</doc>
<doc id="18682267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682267" title="Muhammad Haidar Mirza (I) Dughlat">
Muhammad Haidar Mirza (I) Dughlat

Muhammad Haidar Mirza was the Dughlat amir of Kashgar from c. 1465 until 1480. He was the grandfather and namesake of the historian Muhammad Haidar Mirza (1499/1500-1551).
Life.
Early years.
Muhammad Haidar Mirza was the son of Amir Sayyid Ali and Urun Sultan Khanim, the aunt of the Moghul Yunus Khan. When his father died in 1457–58 his elder brother Saniz Mirza succeeded him as ruler of the territory between Kashgar and Yarkand. Keeping Yarkand for himself, Saniz Mirza gave Kashgar and Yangi Hisar to Muhammad Haidar and his mother.
When the Moghul khan Esen Buqa died in 1462, the succession was disputed between his brother Yunus Khan and his son Dost Muhammad. The Dughlat amirs were similarly split over whom to recognize as their suzerain. Muhammad Haidar favored Dost Muhammad, but Saniz Mirza supported Yunus Khan. As a result relations between the two brothers grew hostile, and Muhammad Haidar was compelled to flee Kashgar for Aksu, where Dost Muhammad resided. Saniz Mirza then took over Kashgar.
Saniz Mirza ruled Kashgar until his death in 1464–65. Now the senior member of the Dughlat family, Muhammad Haidar was reinstalled in Kashgar. Shortly afterwards Dost Muhammad arrived in Kashgar and plundered the town; this act enraged Muhammad Haidar and caused him to defect to the side of Yunus Khan. Thereafter Muhammad Haidar and Yunus Khan were on generally good terms with one another.
Conflict With Aba Bakr.
During Muhammad Haidar's reign in Kashgar, his brother Saniz Mirza's son Mirza Aba Bakr arrived in the town. After some time Mirza Aba Bakr left Kashgar and seized control of Yarkand; he then declared his submission to Muhammad Haidar.
After taking control of Khotan as well, however, Mirza Aba Bakr turned rebellious against his uncle and proceeded to devastate the region around Kashgar and Yangi Hisar. Muhammad Haidar sent an army to quell him; when this force was defeated he took the field in person against his nephew but lost a battle against him as well. In 1479 he asked for assistance from Yunus Khan; the two jointly marched against Yarkand but Mirza Aba Bakr defeated them and forced them to retreat.
In 1480 Yunus Khan and Muhammad Haidar assembled a larger force and against advanced against Yarkand. Both of them were again defeated and compelled to withdraw from Kashgar. Acting on Yunus Khan's advice, Muhammad Haidar abandoned Kashgar and left with the khan for Aksu. Aba Bakr Mirza then proceeded to occupy Kashgar.
Final Years.
After some time in Aksu, Muhammad Haidar led a brief revolt against Yunus Khan on behalf of the latter's son Ahmad Khan. The rebellion quickly failed and both Ahmad Khan and Muhammad Haidar Mirza were pardoned. Muhammad Haidar afterwards accompanied Yunus Khan north into Moghulistan, and from there into the Timurid principality of Ferghana, which was controlled by Omar Shaikh. The latter gave the province of Ush to Yunus Khan, who turned it over to Muhammad Haidar.
After Yunus Khan returned to Moghulistan, however, Omar Shaikh decided to reclaim Ush; Muhammad Haidar decided to depart the area for Kashgar. Upon reaching the town, however, he was imprisoned by Mirza Aba Bakr for one year. After he was released he traveled first to Badakhshan and then to Samarkand, where he was treated as a guest of the local Timurid princes. He was eventually recalled by Yunus Khan, who was then on his deathbed. Departing Samarkand, he went to Tashkent and treated the khan during his illness. He presumably died not long after.

</doc>
<doc id="18682271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682271" title="Football in Madagascar">
Football in Madagascar

Football is, along with rugby union, one of the most popular sports in the African island nation of Madagascar. The sport is governed in the country by the Fédération Malagasy de Football.
International.
Madagascar's national football team, nicknamed the Barea, has not had great success internationally having never qualified for a FIFA World Cup or an African Nations Cup. They have performed well in some minor competitions however, advancing to the semifinals in the COSAFA Cup (contested between national teams from Southern Africa) in 2008 and winning the football portion of the Indian Ocean Games twice. Some of the country's best players have played professionally overseas, mostly in France.
Domestic.
Madagascar has an unusual domestic arrangement of leagues. The THB Champions League is the country's most prestigious club honor, but clubs qualify for it annually from one of the 22 regional leagues, much like in the UEFA Champions League. The Anamalanga Regional League is the most notable of these regional leagues, which includes the capital of Antananarivo and domestic powerhouses like Ajesaia and AS Adema. The country's main cup competition is the Coupe de Madagascar, whose winners play the THB Champions League winner in the Super Coupe de Madagascar.

</doc>
<doc id="18682333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682333" title="USS Ash (AN-7)">
USS Ash (AN-7)

USS "Ash" (AN-7/YN-2) was an "Aloe"-class net laying ship which was assigned to serve U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her protective anti-submarine nets.
Career.
"Ash" (YN-2) was launched on 15 February 1941 at Houghton, Washington, by the Lake Washington Shipyards, Inc., and was placed in service on 1 July 1941, Lieutenant Charles E. Ide, USNR, in charge. The net layer served briefly in San Francisco Bay laying out net buoys and tending nets until 20 August when she headed for the Hawaiian Islands and duty in the 14th Naval District. 
"Ash" arrived at the section base at Bishop's Point on the island of Oahu on 28 August and began working on the nets that protected Pearl Harbor. She was at the Bishop's Point section base when the Japanese attacked American warships and installations at Pearl Harbor on the morning of 7 December 1941. Though she fired sporadically at some of the enemy planes during the two hours of the attack, she claimed no kills and suffered neither casualties nor damage. Following the attack, the ship served at Pearl Harbor through the end of the war. Redesignated "AN-7" on 20 December 1942, she was placed in full commission that same day, Lieutenant J. H. Russell, USNR, in command.
"Ash" continued to operate in the Pearl Harbor area until 11 May 1946, when she got underway for San Francisco, California. The net layer was moored at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard until 1 November when she got underway for Vancouver, Washington. She was placed out of commission there on 13 December 1946, and remained in reserve until 1 September 1962, when her name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register. She was then transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration for lay up with the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Olympia, Washington. She stayed there until sold on 14 May 1971 to I. D. Logan for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="18682346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682346" title="Alan Gelperin">
Alan Gelperin

Dr. Alan Gelperin is a scientist and biologist currently at Princeton University and Monell Chemical Senses Center. He specializes in electronic olfaction and computational neuroscience.
He is most notable for his efforts in creating robots with electronic noses which can localize odors, and for the invention of a supermarket fruit and vegetable scanner that does not use barcodes but instead scans by scent.

</doc>
<doc id="18682362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682362" title="Voyages of Imagination">
Voyages of Imagination

Voyages of Imagination is a "Star Trek" reference guide written by Jeff Ayers. It covers every "Star Trek" novel published up to 2006 with interviews from authors and editors. It is 800 pages long. 
According to Marco Palmieri, the book is "conceived as a guide to the history of professionally-published ST fiction, from "Mission to Horatius", through the Bantam and Ballantine years, and straight through Pocket's stewardship of the line."

</doc>
<doc id="18682367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682367" title="Samuel P. Massie">
Samuel P. Massie

Dr. Samuel Proctor Massie, Jr. (July 3, 1919 – April 10, 2005) was elected as the third President of North Carolina College at Durham on August 9, 1963. Dr. Massie came to the institution from Washington, D. C., where he was Associate Program Director for Undergraduate Science Education of the National Science Foundation and Professor and Chairman of the Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry at Howard University. He resigned on February 1, 1966 and served as a chemistry professor at the United States Naval Academy from 1966 to 1993.
During his tenure in Annapolis, Massie served on the academy’s equal employment opportunity committee and helped establish a black studies program. His portrait was hung in the National Academy of Sciences Gallery in 1995. In 1994, the U.S. Department of Energy created the Dr. Samuel P. Massie Chair of Excellence, a $14.7 million grant to nine historically black colleges and one for Hispanic students to further environmental research. 
An elementary school in Prince George's County, Maryland, is named in Massie's honor. 

</doc>
<doc id="18682377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682377" title="Alfonso Elder">
Alfonso Elder

Dr. Alfonso Elder (February 26, 1898 – August 1974) was the second president of North Carolina Central University.
On January 20, 1948, Dr. Alfonso Elder was elected President of North Carolina College at Durham. At the time of his election, Dr. Elder was serving as head of the Graduate Department of Education and had formerly been Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. Dr. Elder was the president of North Carolina Central University during part of the civil rights movement. During this time, he helped supervise racial integration at the school. Dr. Elder retired September 1, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="18682394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682394" title="Alissa Moreno">
Alissa Moreno

Alissa Ophelia Moreno is an American singer-songwriter, guitar player and pianist.
Background.
Alissa Moreno was born on a Navajo Indian Reservation in New Mexico. She began playing violin at the age of 2. As a teenager, she moved to Kona, Hawaii to spend time with her grandfather, Bob Moreno. An established musician, Bob guided and encouraged her as she developed her piano, guitar, and vocal skills. Over the following years, she moved to Los Angeles and became an artist and a songwriter.
Musical career.
In 2008, Moreno’s debut album, “In Your Wake,” was released on her own label, Pi Records. Her first single, “Far From Here” was licensed as the theme song for the Lifetime television series “Army Wives.” Moreno’s music has been placed in numerous film and television projects. Her song “Next Time” was also added to the Interscope Records soundtrack release “- Summer Can Last Forever.”
As a Universal Music Publishing songwriter, Moreno co-wrote (with Jeffrey Steele) the song “Every Day” for Rascal Flatts. The song went to 2 on the country charts and was nominated for a Grammy. She has collaborated with other musicians, including Luke Laird, composer John Swihart, and David Baerwald. Moreno has also co-written with recording artists such as JoJo, Vertical Horizon, Fastball, Colbie Caillat, and Chuck Wicks. Moreno also co-wrote and co-performed the theme song for the ABC television series “Hope and Faith.”
Moreno is also an actress, and created and starred in the 2005 short film Super Chicks, which was honored at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival. She also worked as vocal coach to Ben Affleck for the 2006 film Hollywoodland.
In 2009, Moreno took 2nd place for writing the song, "Better", with Leslie King at the 2009 Just Plain Folks Music Awards in the Pop music category.

</doc>
<doc id="18682409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682409" title="Lagarfljót Worm">
Lagarfljót Worm

The Lagarfljótsormur, Lagarfljót worm, (or simply Iceland Worm Monster) is an Icelandic lake cryptid which is purported to live in Lagarfljót in Egilsstaðir. Sightings have been logged since 1345 and continue into the 21st century, and an origin of the creature is given in Jón Árnason's collection of Icelandic folktales and legends published in 1862 and 1864.
Description and habitat.
The serpentine creature is said to live and often be sighted raising its back above the water in Lagarfljót, a freshwater, below-sea-level, glacial-fed lake which has very poor visibility as a result of siltation. It is described as longer than a football field, or , and has also been reported outside the water, lying coiled up or slithering into the trees. Sometimes it is said to be as long as the lake itself, . It is a "many humps" type of lake monster, rather than the simply serpentine type of, for example, the Loch Ness Monster.
The Lagarfljót Worm has been sighted several times in modern times, including in 1963 by the head of the Icelandic National Forest Service, Sigurður Blöndal, and in 1998 by a teacher and students at Hallormsstaðir School. In 1983, contractors laying a telephone cable measured a large shifting mass near the eastern shore when performing preliminary depth measurements, and when they later retrieved the non-functional cable, found that it was broken where it had lain over the anomaly:
"This cable that was specially engineered so it wouldn’t kink was wound in several places and badly torn and damaged in 22 different places . . . . I believe we dragged the cable directly over the belly of the beast. Unless it was through its mouth."
A sightseeing boat named "Lagarfljótsormurinn" after it began operations on the lake in 1999, and the Gunnar Gunnarsson Institution in Skriðuklaustur seeks to preserve the traditions of the Lagarfljót Worm for cultural and tourism purposes.
Mythos.
The legend of the worm is first mentioned in the Icelandic Annals of 1345. Sightings were considered to portend a great event such as a natural disaster.
According to the folk tradition recorded by Jón Árnason, the great serpent in Lagarfljót grew out of a small "lingworm" or heath-dragon; a girl was given a gold ring by her mother, and asked how she might best derive profit from the gold, was told to place it under a lingworm. She did so, and put it in the top of her linen chest for a few days, but then found that the little dragon had grown so large, it had broken open the chest. Frightened, she threw both it and the gold into the lake, where the serpent continued to grow and terrorized the countryside, spitting poison and killing people and animals. Two Finns called in to destroy it and retrieve the gold said that they had managed to tie its head and tail to the bottom of the lake but it was impossible to kill it because there was a still larger dragon underneath.
Suggested explanations.
Gases rising from the lakebed create openings in the ice, blow debris from the lake bottom to the surface, and sometimes warp the atmosphere, creating optical illusions. Flotsam from the mountain sides and glaciers also collects in tangles that can look like some sort of monster. According to Helgi Hallgrímsson, an Icelandic biologist who has extensively studied the lake, both of these could explain some but not all of the sightings, while traditional legendary material could explain some of the stories.

</doc>
<doc id="18682413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682413" title="Old man (magazine)">
Old man (magazine)

old man was a bimonthly magazine published by the Union of Swiss Short Wave Amateurs as the membership journal of the organization. The magazine covered topics related to amateur radio. The magazine was published with articles in three languages: German, Italian, and French. The magazine drew its subscription base primarily from Switzerland. The journal was published in A5 paper size with a full color cover and black-and-white print on un-coated newsprint inside. The final issue of the magazine was published in Nov./Dec., 2007, after which the organization discontinued publication in favor of a new membership journal called "HB Radio".

</doc>
<doc id="18682418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682418" title="No. 199 Squadron RAF">
No. 199 Squadron RAF

No. 199 Squadron was a Royal Air Force aircraft squadron that operated during the second world war and later in the 1950s as a radar countermeasures squadron.
History.
No. 199 Squadron was formed at Rochford on 1 June 1917 with Royal Aircraft Factory BE.2e biplanes to teach pilots advanced bomber training. Renumbered as No. 99 (Depot Training) Squadron RFC the squadron moved to RFCS Harpswell, Lincolnshire in 1918, as a night bomber training unit, where it was disbanded on 13 June 1919.
The squadron reformed at RAF Blyton on 7 November 1942 equipped with the Vickers Wellington, after a few months the squadron moved to RAF Lakenheath and was re-equipped with the Short Stirling heavy-bomber. Between February 1943 and June 1943 the squadron was based at RAF Ingham in Lincolnshire training for maritime mine laying over The Wash. Following training the squadron returned to RAF Lakenheath for marine operations over the English Channel and North Sea.
In July 1943 the squadron commenced mine laying duties using the Stirling and from February 1944 performed supply drops for the Special Operations Executive. In May 1944 the squadron was moved to No. 100 (Radio Countermeasures) Group with tasking to perform radar jamming operations during the D-Day landings. The squadron aircraft also joined the heavy bomber raids over Germany but was equipped with advanced radar jamming equipment to disrupt the German air defences. In 1945 the Stirlings were exchanged for the Handley Page Halifax until the squadron was disbanded on 29 July 1945 at RAF North Creake.
In 1951 the squadron was formed again at RAF Watton as part of No. 90 Signals Group to operate in the electronic countermeasures role with the Avro Lincoln and de Havilland Mosquito. The Mosquitos were replaced by the English Electric Canberra and the squadron operated with other pathfinder Canberra squadrons at RAF Hemswell. The Lincolns were replaced by the Vickers Valiant in 1957. The squadron was disbanded on 15 December 1958 with the Valiant Flight becoming 18 Squadron at RAF Finningley.

</doc>
<doc id="18682426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682426" title="A Place to Grow">
A Place to Grow

A Place to Grow (aka "Moissons du coeur, Les France" (French TV title)) is a 1998 television drama film written and directed by Merlin (Merle) Miller.
Plot.
Upon his brother's death, a recording artist returns to his hometown to sell the family farm.
Synopsis.
After moving back home to the farm after his brother's death, a musician and his family begin to suspect that the brother's death may not have been accidental, and that a local businessman may be involved.

</doc>
<doc id="18682427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682427" title="1814 in France">
1814 in France

"See also:" 
1813 in France, 
1815 in France.
Events from the year 1814 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="18682441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682441" title="Eevi Huttunen">
Eevi Huttunen

Eevi Huttunen, married name Pirinen (born 23 August 1922), is a former speed skater from Finland. She was born in Karttula.
Being for a decade almost the only female skater able to compete against the Soviet ladies on the longer distances, Huutunen made a comeback specially for the 1960 Winter Olympics (the first where women speed skaters were allowed to compete), where she managed to win the bronze on the 3000 m. She competed in eleven World Allround Championships which was till 1960 the only international speed skating event for women, from 1948 to 1960 (every year except 1956 and 1958), winning the 1951 event and being on many occasions the best non-soviet skater, certainly in the longer distances.
Medals.
An overview of medals won by Huttunen at important championships she participated in, listing the years in which she won each:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18682451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682451" title="Lower Padworth">
Lower Padworth

Lower Padworth is a hamlet in Berkshire, and part of the civil parishes of Padworth, Aldermaston and Beenham.
The settlement lies on the A4 road, and is located near to Aldermaston railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="18682453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682453" title="Firman McClure">
Firman McClure

Firman McClure (November 19, 1861 – March 28, 1901) was a lawyer, editor and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1896 to 1897 and Colchester in the Canadian House of Commons from 1897 to 1900 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Truro, Nova Scotia, the son of John McClure and Susan Kent, and educated in the provincial normal school there. In 1896, he married Dora M. Inglis. He was a prominent member of the Sons of Temperance in Nova Scotia. McClure was editor and publisher for the Truro "Guardian" and then was editor of the "Temperance Index". He practised law in Truro. He ran unsuccessfully for a federal seat in 1896. McClure was unsuccessful in a bid for reelection in 1900. He died in Truro at the age of 39.

</doc>
<doc id="18682456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682456" title="Mitontic">
Mitontic

Mitontic is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.
In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 7,602. It covers an area of 82 km².

</doc>
<doc id="18682466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682466" title="Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series)">
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series)

Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a series of fiction books written by the American author and cartoonist Jeff Kinney. The books are the journals of the main character, whose name is Greg Heffley. Befitting a child's diary, they are filled with hand-written notes and simple drawings of his daily adventures.
Since the release of the online version in 2004, the books have gained immense popularity, critical acclaim, and commercial success worldwide. For example, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" was well-received from the Princeton Review, Gold Card Association, The Dallas News, The TRR Editors, The NW Press, and The JJ Printing Company. , it has been purchased one million times.
The books are being made into a film series by 20th Century Fox, with three films released in theaters as of 2012.
Poptropica has released two video games in the theme of "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" called Wimpy Wonderland and Wimpy Boardwalk, both of which credit Kinney in an ambiguous contributor's role.
Origins.
"Diary of a Wimpy Kid" began in 1998 when Jeff Kinney brought up an idea about a middle-school weakling named Greg Heffley who wrote about his personal life. In 2004, FunBrain and Jeff Kinney released an online version of "Diary of a Wimpy Kid". The website made daily entries until June 2005. The book became an instant hit and the online version received about 20 million views as of 2009; many online readers requested a printed version. Kinney had agreed and in 2007, "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" was published. To date, eight "Wimpy Kid" books have been released, plus two do-it-yourself books and three movie diaries. In 2009, Kinney was named one of "Time" magazine's 100 "Most Influential People" in the world.
Chronology.
Toys and games.
Action figures include: a mini figure pack (with Greg, Rowley, and Fregley), a 6-inch Greg Heffley figure, a 6-inch holiday figure based on "Cabin Fever", and a Greg and Rodrick plush doll.
Audiobooks.
Eight audiobooks have been released for the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series. They are read by Ramon de Ocampo, presented by Recorded Books and distributed by Audible.com.
Achievements.
Commercial success.
"Diary of a Wimpy Kid" was well-received from the Princeton Review, Gold Card Association, The Dallas News, The TRR Editors, The NW Press, and The JJ Printing Company. The New York Times, which ranks children's serials collectively on a "Series Books" bestseller list, has included the "Wimpy Kid" series for 64 weeks as of April 10, 2010. USA Today, which ranks best sellers based on sales alone regardless of genre or intended audience, has listed "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" in its top 150, peaking at number 8, for 141 weeks as of April 4, 2010. As of the same date, "Rodrick Rules" has been on the list for 117 weeks (peaking at number 4), "The Last Straw" has been on the list for 65 weeks (peaking at number 1), "Dog Days" has been on the list for all 25 weeks of its publication (peaking at number 1), and "The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary" has been listed for all three weeks of its publication, peaking at number 2. As of May 2010, more than 32 million "Wimpy Kid" books are in print in the U.S., and the books have been sold in more than 30 countries.
The series has sold over 75 million books in 40 countries.
Films.
Jeff Kinney announced that a film based on the first book would be produced by 20th Century Fox. The film was released on March 19, 2010, moved up from an April 2 release date. It was directed by Thor Freudenthal, who also directed "Hotel for Dogs". The film starred Zachary Gordon as Greg, Robert Capron as Rowley (Greg's best friend), Steve Zahn as Frank (Greg's father), Rachael Harris as Susan (Greg's mother), Devon Bostick as Rodrick (Greg's older brother), Connor and Owen Fielding as Manny (Greg's younger brother), Chloë Grace Moretz as a new character named Angie, and Grayson Russell as Fregley.
There is a second film in the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" film series that was released on March 25, 2011, which was based on the second book, "Rodrick Rules", with Zachary Gordon returning as Greg Heffley. "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules" was also filmed in Vancouver, BC, Canada. "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules "also contains some scenes from" The Last Straw."
The third film is a portmanteau of the third and fourth books, "The Last Straw" and "Dog Days", taking the stories from both, but moreso from "Dog Days", being why it took its title. The decision to blend the two films was to keep up with the ages of the actors. The film was released on August 3, 2012.
The likelihood of a fourth live action film is slim. Kinney has announced the possibility for an animated film to be based on "Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever" as the next installment. In an interview for the latest book, Hard Luck, Jeff Kinney stated he is working with Fox on a half hour special of Cabin Fever which is to be aired in late 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18682471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682471" title="Ewing v. Goldstein">
Ewing v. Goldstein

Ewing v. Goldstein 15 Cal Rptr. 3d 864 (Cal. Ct. App. 2004) is a landmark court case that extended California mental health professional's duty to protect identifiable victims of potentially violent persons, as established by Tarasoff v. Regents of the University of California, to include acting upon communications from third parties that indicate a possible threat.
Facts.
In 2001, former police officer Gene Colello received treatment from David Goldstein, after breaking up with his ex-girlfriend, who had become involved with Keith Ewing. During the course of treatment, Colello told his father about considering harming Ewing, which the father claims to have relayed to Goldstein. There was never any evidence that he did tell Goldstein or anyone else. Goldstein encouraged voluntary hospitalization but did not warn Ewing or law enforcement officials of Colello's hostile intentions, because of not having the information that the father withheld. When Colello was released, he murdered Ewing and then committed suicide.
Ruling.
The court ruled that the case should be heard by the lower court. They determined that the duty to protect was not sufficiently discharged by initiating involuntary commitment and could be discharged only by warning the identifiable victims.
Implications.
This case created a clear distinction between the duty to protect and the subordinate duty to warn and made communications by a third party indicating threatening statements equivalent to statements made directly by that person.

</doc>
<doc id="18682476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682476" title="Rufous-collared Thrush">
Rufous-collared Thrush

The Rufous-collared Thrush ("Turdus rufitorques") is a species of bird in the Turdidae family.
It is endemic to highlands of Middle America, south of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, occurring in El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Chiapas state in Mexico. Its closest relative is the American Robin, and like that species, it is found in varied habitats, from towns to forest. It is, however, restricted to highland areas with at least some trees. It is also known as the Rufous-collared Robin.

</doc>
<doc id="18682499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682499" title="Padworth Common">
Padworth Common

Padworth Common is a hamlet and common in the English county of Berkshire, within the civil parish of Padworth. It is bounded by Burghfield Common to the East Aldermaston to the West. To the North lies Padworth, and to the South is Mortimer West End.

</doc>
<doc id="18682502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682502" title="Lake Carmel (New York)">
Lake Carmel (New York)

Lake Carmel is located in the Town of Kent, New York, United States. It takes its name from nearby Carmel, and in turn the community surrounding the lake, which accounts for much of Kent's population, is named for it.
It was created by developers in the early 20th century by damming the Middle Branch of the Croton River. It is one of the few large bodies of water in Putnam County not used as a reservoir by New York City, but it is still part of the city's water supply since the Middle Branch is impounded into the eponymous reservoir downstream. Due to increasing development around the lake, the city has helped the community improve its wastewater treatment.
Geography.
The lake is elongated in shape, longer along a north-south axis than it is wide, reflecting its artificial origins and its location in one of the valleys in a generally hilly area. There are two narrower inlets corresponding to the inflow streams at the north and northeast corners. A smaller inlet on the southwest corner bends slightly to the north, where it becomes swamps.
Lake Carmel and its associated community take up the southeast corner of Kent; most of the shoreline is developed and the residential neighborhoods surrounding it go several blocks inland, often gently rising up the surrounding hills, except for the steep, unnamed peak to the lake's west.
There are two inflow streams, neither named. The one that flows from the north-northwest rises in swamps a half-mile (800 m) the north; the northerly one ultimately rises in Bear Swamp, several miles to the north in the Dutchess County Town of Beekman, and then flows through several other lakes and ponds to get to Lake Carmel. The Middle Branch leaves the lake along its eastern shore, to be impounded again two miles (6.4 km) downstream.
Smadbeck Avenue (NY 52) closely follows the western shore near the northern and central sections of the lake; local roads such as Lakeshore Drive complete the circuit. NY 311 crosses the lake's northern inlet on a short causeway just before reaching its southern terminus at Route 52. Several other local roads, including Terry Hill Road (Putnam County Route 46), cross the eastern inlet, and Route 52 crosses the southwestern one. Interstate 84 is a mile to the northeast via Route 311, although the lake and the road cannot be seen from each other due to the intervening hills. Route 52 leads to Carmel a mile (1.6 km) to the south.
History.
In the late 19th century, Putnam County's lakes had become one of many places where city residents went on hot summer weekends. Brothers Warren and Arthur Smadbeck were developers who decided to create more. They bought failing farms in the area in 1928 and built the dam to create the lake. Around it they built small bungalows and cottages meant to be weekend or summer homes for middle-income families, selling them in lavish ads in the "New York Daily Mirror". This continued through the 1940s. Eventually, 5,400 homes were built in the three square miles (8 km²) around the lake, accounting for on-third of the town's housing stock.
In the years after the war, as automobile access to the region from the city increased with the opening of first the Taconic State Parkway and then Interstate 684, Lake Carmel became one of the earliest exurbs, home to more and more people year-round. The original cottages were expanded and winterized for this purpose.
As a result of the increasing, clustered development in the region, by 1999 the lake had attracted a large enough population of Canada geese to become a nuisance. Since they could not legally be hunted or shot due to the close proximity of dwellings, the town tried various means to control the population such as egg treatment and growing a lake buffer. It finally settled on rounding them up during molting season, when their ability to fly is limited, and slaughtering them. The meat was distributed to poor people as food. At that time it was only the second such time that action had been taken by a community in the Northeast.
Human-generated pollution of the lake and, by extension, New York City's watershed, also increased. Local communities resisted pressure from the city to install sewage treatment plants until the late 1990s, when more of those communities were relying on city water to handle their rapid development. In 2000 the city and the county reached a deal to build a plant to handle sewage from the many homes around the lake whose original septic systems were failing, and divert it to the Hudson River. Four years later the city also helped the town and county install stormwater control units along Route 52.
Recreation.
The town owns the lake, and those portions of its shoreline not under private ownership. Access to the beaches, or to the water for swimming, boating, fishing (and ice fishing in winter), is restricted to residents with permits or their guests.

</doc>
<doc id="18682508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682508" title="D-Trick">
D-Trick

D-Trick is the second solo album by Daisuke Asakura, as well as the last solo album released by him before he joined the popular J-pop group Access. It was released on September 2, 1992 and features vocals by Reimy on track 5 and Hiroyuki Takami on tracks 5, 7 and 12.

</doc>
<doc id="18682510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682510" title="Pesik reisha">
Pesik reisha

In Halacha (Jewish law) a pesik reisha (Lit. cutting off the head) is a permitted action which will definitely cause as a side effect an action that would be forbidden. The classical case of a Pesik reisha found in the Talmud is cutting the head off of a chicken on Shabbos (the Jewish Sabbath) in order to keep the head. 
The acquiring of the head is permitted but the necessary killing of the chicken is prohibited. A practical case of pesik reisha is the dragging of a heavy chair over soft earth which will definitely result in furrows which constitute the melacha (action) of plowing. As a result, it is forbidden according to Halacha for a Jew to drag a chair over soft earth on Shabbos, which will necessarily result in the creation of furrows (one of the 39 melachot)
The phrase is short for "p'sik reisha ve'lo yamut?" - Will you cut off its head and it will not die? This refers to somebody who cuts off the head of a chicken so that his child can play with it. (Evidently in the time of the Talmud it was common for children to play with chicken heads.) Even though he did not particularly want the chicken to die, since that was the only way he could get the chicken's head, he is considered to have intentionally killed the chicken. As such it would be forbidden to do on Shabbos.
There is extensive literature and discussion amongst the Acharonim in this matter, especially in the Brisker school of Torah-study.

</doc>
<doc id="18682526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682526" title="Nikolai Shcherbachov">
Nikolai Shcherbachov

Nikolai Vladimirovich Shcherbachov (in Cyrilllic, Никола́й Влади́мирович Щербачёв; b. 12 August (N.S. 24 August) 1853; d. 1 October 1922) was a Russian composer and pianist.
Born in St. Petersburg, Shcherbachov was an uncle of fellow composer Vladimir Vladimirovich Shcherbachov, who was a second cousin of Andrei Vladimirovich Shcherbachov (1869–1916). Beginning in 1871 he was associated with the "The Five" (or, more broadly, the Balakirev circle).
He composed piano pieces, songs, and works for orchestra. In 1893 Shcherbachov contributed to a new edition of a collective work of the Balakirev circle that consisted of piano pieces based on the Russian version of "Chopsticks".

</doc>
<doc id="18682556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682556" title="Miracle Hikaru">
Miracle Hikaru

, is a Japanese impressionist of the comedic performing arts from Toyooka, Hyōgo. She is best known for her impersonation of Hikaru Utada. Her professional activities are currently managed by Jinsei Pro. 
Prior to her career as an Impressionist, she was a hairstylist. She initially came to Tokyo to gain a position as a stylist at a renowned hair salon. Miracle has been noted to have a sheep phobia. 
January 23, 2008 Miracle Hikaru released "Miracle (1)," a hip-hop album in the mimicry style of Hikaru Utada. It has 8 tracks, distributed by King Records.
In 2010 and 2011 she released a series of sexy videos.
She has been featuring at various tv shows as humorist.

</doc>
<doc id="18682562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682562" title="Seven Lights">
Seven Lights

Seven Lights is a privately held, American developer/publisher of multiplayer online games headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
History.
Early in 2002, founders Tim Harris, Mike McCarthy and Dave Shuck conceived a game development process for hardcore games done entirely in the browser, using Flash technology. The idea, as Harris told Firing Squad as the company announced itself, was that they had "accumulated a ton of ideas about the way that the Internet can create new and different takes on the games we've all played. We looked at the overhead required to get into the games business in a "traditional" way and thought, 'Wait a minute... we can take a different angle.' That angle is to create extremely lean development teams and launch in the web environment to give ourselves the ability to create a constant stream of new content, iterate the game experience itself and ultimately build game franchises from the ground up with the players helping guide us every step of the way."
The team began working on their first title, The Continuum, an online collectible wargame with characters that develop in an RPG-type fashion. To facilitate the creation of many games in this vein, the company created a real-time content management system so that new characters, abilities, equipment and battle maps could be introduced in a much quicker fashion than the typical development cycle for game expansions. This platform was completed prior to the introduction of The Continuum, and is forming the basis for all future Seven Lights games. 
The Continuum, which launched in June 2008 and is introducing its first expansion in August 2008, represents a leap forward for hardcore gaming in the browser and it features an extremely deep level "of customization that users can put into the building and fine-tuning of their armies, but this is all just buildup to the game itself, which consists of a turn based one-on-one war. The battle system uses tiles to determine how far each character can move, and each action (be it attack, cast a spell, or any number of special abilities) is activated through an onscreen menu." 
Executives.
According to the company's website, as of August 2008, the executives of Seven Lights are: 

</doc>
<doc id="18682576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682576" title="Marsilio da Carrara">
Marsilio da Carrara

Marsilio da Carrara (1294 – March 1338) was Lord of Padua after his uncle Jacopo I. He was a member of the Carraresi family.
He successfully faced a plot against him in the city. However, after treason of his nephew Nicolò da Carrara who had sided with the Scaliger of Verona, Marsilio was forced to relinquish Padua to Cangrande della Scala in 1328. He retained the title of vicar for the city, and managed to marry Jacopo's daughter Taddea to Mastino II della Scala. In the war against the Papal States, he warred alongside the latter at Brescia in 1330/1331, conquering the city by treason. In the following years he acted as vicar of Brescia. In 1332 Marsilio had his wife Bartolomea Scrovegni poisoned, suspecting she was unfaithful.
After Cangrande's death, he was able to reconquer Padua in 1337 thanks to an alliance with Florence and Venice, which was increasingly worried by the Scaliger's rise of power.
He died in 1338, being succeeded by his cousin Ubertinello.

</doc>
<doc id="18682607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682607" title="Joseph Matheson">
Joseph Matheson

Joseph Matheson (May 7, 1833 – September 23, 1915) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1897. He was a Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons for the Richmond riding from 1900 to 1904.
He was born in Grand River, Nova Scotia, the son of Scottish immigrants, and married Maria S., the daughter of Josiah Hooper, a former member of the Nova Scotia assembly, in 1864. Matheson was postmaster for Lower L'Ardoise from 1866 to 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="18682633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682633" title="Mohammed Omar (child detainee)">
Mohammed Omar (child detainee)

Mohammed Omar is a citizen of Pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba from January 2002 through May 15, 2006.
His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number was 540. JTF-GTMO analysts estimate he was born in 1986 in Larkana, Pakistan, which means he was 15–16 years old when first detained.
Release.
Mohammed Omar was one of the 201 detainees who were released or repatriated prior to review of "enemy combatant status" by a Combatant Status Review Tribunal, established after the United States Supreme Court decision in "Rasul v. Bush" (2004). The Department of Defense established the CSRTs began in late 2004 and extended them through 2005 in the first phase.
According to a 2008 article by McClatchy News, Omar was reincarcerated by Pakistan after being returned there.
McClatchy interview.
On June 15, 2008, the McClatchy News Service published articles based on interviews with 66 former Guantanamo detainees.
Mohammed Omar was a madrassa student.
The McClatchy reporter was extremely skeptical of the rest of Mohammed Omar's story, and of that of Khalil Rahman Hafez, another minor captured in Herat, Afghanistan. According to the McClatchy reporter:
The McClatchy reporter stated that Mohammed Omar told him that his father had forced him to attend a Pakistani madrassa in Shahdadkot, Pakistan, and he decided to run away. He said an older man at the madrassa had told him he could get him into an acting academy, an offer that at 17 years old, and as a big fan of Bollywood films, Omar found attractive. But, once he left the madrassa, his companion and some associates pushed him into a car, and he was taken to Herat, against his will.

</doc>
<doc id="18682634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18682634" title="Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980">
Ireland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1980

Ireland entered the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, sending Johnny Logan to the contest with the song "What's Another Year", written by Shay Healy.
National final.
The Irish national final to select the Irish representative for the Eurovision Song Contest 1980, was held on 9 March 1980 at the RTÉ Studios in Dublin and was hosted by Larry Gogan. It was organised by the Irish broadcaster of the contest Radio Telefís Éireann (RTÉ).
Eight songs were presented to the Irish public, with the winner being decided through the votes of 10 regional juries around Ireland, the second victory for Ireland in the contest.
At Eurovision.
The Eurovision Song Contest 1980 was held at the Congresgebouw in The Hague, Netherlands. Ireland performed 17th on the night of the contest, following France and preceding Spain. Logan received 143 points for his performance, winning the contest for Ireland.

</doc>
