<doc id="18714200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714200" title="Blessing Okardi">
Blessing Okardi

Blessing Okardi (born 5 November 1988) is a football player from Nigeria, who plays currently for Bayelsa United F.C..
Career.
On October 27, 2006 he was on trial by KAA Gent. With Ocean Boys he captained their 2008 Nigerian FA Cup winning team, beating Gombe United in a penalty shootout on 5 July 2008. He moved to Lobi Stars in October 2009. He was banned for one year for his part in a referee attack in March 2010. The Right Midfielder left on 24 November 2012 after three years his club Lobi Stars and signed for Bayelsa United F.C..
International.
At international level, he made two appearances for Nigeria in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup, against Scotland and Costa Rica.

</doc>
<doc id="18714208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714208" title="Grozăvești Power Station">
Grozăvești Power Station

The Grozăveşti Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Bucharest, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 100 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18714210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714210" title="Sugimotochō Station">
Sugimotochō Station


</doc>
<doc id="18714213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714213" title="Dave White (author)">
Dave White (author)

Dave White (born 1979) is a Derringer Award-winning mystery author and educator. White, an eighth grade teacher for the Clifton, NJ Public School district, has written two novels featuring former New Brunswick, New Jersey police detective turned private investigator Jackson Donne. The novels take place in locations around northern New Jersey. White grew up in Clifton, New Jersey. He attended Rutgers University and received his MAT from Montclair State University
White's two novels follow the characters established in his 2002 short story "Closure," which won the Derringer Award for Best Short Mystery Story the following year. "Publishers Weekly" has given both novels starred reviews calling "When One Man Dies" an "engrossing, evocative debut novel" and writing that his second novel "fulfills the promise of his debut." Roland Person writes in his "Library Journal" review that "his first novel is awkwardly written and marred by contradictions and improbable events."

</doc>
<doc id="18714215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714215" title="Steve Cantwell">
Steve Cantwell

Steven Francis Cantwell (born December 8, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist who competed as a Middleweight and Light Heavyweight. He was the last reigning WEC Light Heavyweight Champion and also fought for the UFC.
Mixed martial arts career.
World Extreme Cagefighting.
After acquiring a 3–0 record in smaller shows, Cantwell made his WEC debut at "WEC 26" in 2007 against Brian Stann, where he suffered a quick TKO loss. After two subsequent victories, Cantwell again faced Stann, WEC Light Heavyweight Champion at "WEC 35" and won by TKO in the second round. Shortly after Cantwell took the title, the WEC dropped both its Light Heavyweight and Middleweight divisions, making Cantwell the final WEC Light Heavyweight Champion.
Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Later that year, Cantwell signed with the UFC, which is owned by the WEC's parent company Zuffa. Cantwell faced fellow UFC newcomer Razak Al-Hassan at "" an earned a technical submission victory by dislocating Al-Hassan's elbow in an armbar, causing referee Mario Yamasaki to stop the fight. Cantwell's celebration of the victory and post-fight comments sparked some criticism when he said, "I've been waiting so long to do that, you have no idea". He later apologized for his behavior.
He fought Luiz Cané at UFC 97, but lost the fight via unanimous decision.
He rematched Brian Stann, the man he defeated to become the last reigning WEC Light Heavyweight Champion for the second time at UFC Fight Night 19, Cantwell lost the rubber match via unanimous decision.
Cantwell was expected to face Vladimir Matyushenko on January 2, 2010 at UFC 108, but pulled out of the bout for undisclosed reasons. Since there was no time to find a suitable replacement to face Matyushenko, the bout was called off. UFC President Dana White mentioned at the UFC 108 Pre-Fight Press Conference that Cantwell may never fight again, but refused to disclose what Cantwell's medical issues were.
With the questions surrounding his medical condition apparently cleared, Cantwell was expected to face UFC newcomer Ricardo Romero on July 3, 2010 at UFC 116. However, for unknown reasons, Cantwell was replaced by Seth Petruzelli.
Cantwell was expected to face Stanislav Nedkov on October 16, 2010 at UFC 120. However less than 48 hours before the event, Cantwell was forced off the card after suffering a knee injury during a pre-fight workout. With no time to find a suitable opponent for Nedkov, the bout was cancelled.
Cantwell faced Cyrille Diabaté on March 3, 2011 at and lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Cantwell dropped to middleweight for his next fight and faced Mike Massenzio on October 8, 2011 at UFC 136. He lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Cantwell faced Riki Fukuda on February 26, 2012 at UFC 144. He lost the fight via unanimous decision and was subsequently released from the promotion.
Championships and Accomplishments.
World Extreme Cagefighting 

</doc>
<doc id="18714216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714216" title="Quelm Park">
Quelm Park

Quelm Park is a suburb of Bracknell, in Berkshire, England.
The settlement lies west of the A3095 road, south of the Bracknell Northern Distributor Road "Harvest Ride" and is approximately north of Bracknell town centre.
It takes its name from "Quelm Lane", an ancient thoroughfare that runs north-south through the development. "Quelm" is thought to mean "gibbet" and may be derived from the Old English "cwelm, cwealm" meaning 'death, murder, slaughter'. 
Quelm Park was built in the latter 1990s as a planned urban extension to Bracknell; however it lies entirely within the parish of Warfield, forming the Quelm Ward of Warfield Parish Council.
The Quelm Stone.
The Quelm Stone is a standing stone located near the Quelm Park Roundabout on Harvest Ride, at OS grid reference SU 8697 7087. It is made of sandstone, measures 1460mm long, 995mm wide and 260mm deep, and is estimated to weigh 1,158kg. It is thought to have been deposited here about 14,000 years ago by a retreating glacier during the last glacial period.

</doc>
<doc id="18714221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714221" title="Occupational closure">
Occupational closure

Occupational closure is the sociological term given to the process whereby a trade or occupation transforms itself into a true profession by closing off entry to the profession to all but those suitably qualified. The profession then becomes closed to entry from outsiders, amateurs and the unqualified. This is also sometimes called "professional demarcation." This can be achieved by licensure, through barring entry to all except those who have passed certain entrance examinations and grades of training, or by allowing entry only to those who have gained membership of a specific professional body. In most professions all three methods are in regular use. What this means in practical terms, is that an architect or physician, for example, will firstly be a university graduate in their main subject, second, will have passed entrance examinations to join a recognised professional body and thirdly, will also be licensed to practise medicine or architecture, usually also obtained through sitting examinations. Therefore, such professions are open only to those who satisfy these requirements and are closed to everyone else. It is thus illegal for any other person to practise medicine or to pose as an architect. 
The origin of this process is said to have been with guilds during the Middle Ages, when 'professionals' fought for exclusive rights to practice their trades as journeymen, and to engage unpaid apprentices.

</doc>
<doc id="18714230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714230" title="Progresu Power Station">
Progresu Power Station

The Progresu Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Bucharest, having 4 generation groups of 50 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 200 MW. Its chimney is the tallest structure in Bucharest with a height of 240 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="18714247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714247" title="Temple Park">
Temple Park

Temple Park is a suburb of Bracknell in the English county of Berkshire and part of the civil parish of Binfield. It was built during the 1990s as the town continued to expand on open countryside between Bracknell and Binfield.
The estate lies approximately north-west of Bracknell town centre, to the north of the B3408 and to the west of Priestwood.
Temple Park is built around Park Farm in Wood Lane, the Home Farm of the old Binfield Manor estate. The farm house was built by the Prime Minister, William Pitt the Elder, Earl of Chatham, in 1754. The Blue Mountain Golf Club is located to the west of the estate[http://www.bluemountaingolf.co.uk/]. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714252" title="Efe Ambrose">
Efe Ambrose

Efetobore "Efe" Ambrose Emuobo (born 18 October 1988) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a centre back or right back for Scottish Premiership club Celtic and the Nigeria national football team.
Ambrose has represented Nigeria at the FIFA Under-20 World Cup, the Summer Olympics and the Africa Cup of Nations.
Career.
Early career.
Ambrose started his professional career at Kaduna United in 2006 and two years later, he was on loan at Bayelsa United for the 2008–09 season but remained with Kaduna United after helping them win promotion.
FC Ashdod.
Ambrose joined Israeli Premier League club FC Ashdod in June 2010. Ambrose made his debut for the club in a 2–0 loss against Maccabi Netanya and later on his first season, he would score his first goal in a 4–1 loss against Maccabi Tel Aviv on 22 January 2011.
Celtic.
Ambrose joined Scottish Premier League club Celtic in the summer 2012 transfer deadline day, signing a three-year contract. After joining the club, Ambrose praised his new team mates at Celtic for helping him settle down in Glasgow quickly.
Ambrose also revealed he studied British football in order to join Celtic by watching both Scottish Premier League and English Premier Leaguqe games on TV upon hearing about Celtic's interest in him.
Ambrose made his début as a substitute for Celtic captain Scott Brown against Dundee in the Scottish Premier League, a 2–0 victory. He played his full début against Raith Rovers in the Scottish League Cup, in a 4–1 victory. He scored his first goal for Celtic in a 5–0 win over St Mirren on 20 October 2012. Ambrose would also made his Champions League debut, where he played 90 minutes in a 3–2 win over Spartak Moscow. Ambrose made a mistake in a last minute when he headed in an own goal, in a 2–2 draw against Dundee United on 4 November 2012. After the match, Ambrose said he let himself down and felt that he could have cleared the ball away. Ambrose made two starts and played against Barcelona with one game is each a win and lose for Celtic. Ahead of the match against Barcelona, Ambrose says he made a promise to give his best ever performance for the club. After the match, Celtic won 2–1 and Ambrose spoken out the match, that winning against Barcelona was a 'perfect way to celebrate Celtic's 125th anniversary and gave credit to God for the scoreline.
At the end of the Champions League group stage campaign, Celtic qualified for the knock-out stages and faced Italian side Juventus. In the first leg, Ambrose was named in the squad ahead of the match, only 3 days after Nigeria had won the Africa Cup of Nations, Ambrose had played in the final. However, Ambrose made several mistakes during the match, including the opener, allowing Alessandro Matri (first goal) and Mirko Vučinić (third goal) to score. He also missed out the club's best chance to score. His performance was criticised by team-mate Kris Commons. Though criticised, Ambrose was defended by Kelvin Wilson, who believed that Ambrose would improve his performance; which he did when he scored Celtic's opener in a 6–2 win over Dundee United. Ambrose's (along with Commons) performance was praised by Neil Lennon. Three days later, he scored again, in a 1–1 draw against St. Johnstone. His comeback performance made him want to sign a new contract, according to his agent. Ahead of the second leg against Juventus, Ambrose revealed Commons made amends with him. He also revealed Commons' criticism inspired him to become a better player. After the match, which Juventus won 2–0 and progressed to the quarter finals, Neil Lennon revealed Ambrose was late for training and missed the team bus from the hotel and was left to catch up by taxi, Lennon also stated that Ambrose needed to "sort himself out."
International career.
Ambrose was a member of the Nigeria national under-20 football team at 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada. He later represented Nigeria U-23 and played two games at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
He was called up to Nigeria's 23-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. In the Africa Cup of Nations, Ambrose played five out of six games for Nigeria, playing in the right-back position, including the final which he started. After the tournament, Ambrose was named in the African Cup of Nations Team of the Tournament. Ambrose says winning the Africa Cup of Nations was his biggest achievement and one of the greatest moments of his life.
He was selected for Nigeria's squad at the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup
Style of play.
Ambrose often played as a defensive midfielder for the Nigeria national football team and can also play as a centre back or right back, doing so in the Israeli Premier League at FC Ashdod. A ball playing centre-half, Efe is known for his composure in possession.
He is also noted for the multiple somersaults he performs in celebration when he scores a goal.
Honours.
International.
Nigeria

</doc>
<doc id="18714262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714262" title="Asaka Station (Osaka)">
Asaka Station (Osaka)

Layout.
This station has 2 side platforms on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="18714265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714265" title="Bucharest South Power Station">
Bucharest South Power Station

The Bucharest South Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Bucharest, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each, 2 units of 100 MW and 2 units of 125 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 550 MW.
The two chimneys of the power station are 140 metres tall.

</doc>
<doc id="18714276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714276" title="Whitegrove">
Whitegrove

Whitegrove or Warfield Green is a suburb of Bracknell in the English county of Berkshire. It stands within the bounds of the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies north of the A329 road and is approximately north-east of Bracknell town centre.
Local amenities include Whitegrove Primary School and Whitegrove Library.
Whitegrove Football Club has over 360 children, boys and Girls, ranging from under 7's to under 17's playing in a number of local leagues.
Electorally, Whitegrove comes under the Warfield Harvest Ride ward of Bracknell Forest Council. It falls within the Windsor parliamentary constituency.

</doc>
<doc id="18714281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714281" title="Wick Hill, Bracknell">
Wick Hill, Bracknell

Wick Hill is a suburb of Bracknell, in Berkshire, England.
The settlement lies north of the A329 road between Bullbrook and Priestwood and is approximately north-east of Bracknell town centre. In contrast to these areas Wick Hill was built as privately owned, largely detached, housing. 
The area includes Wick Hill House, a residence of 19th century explorer St. George Littledale, since converted to flats. Other areas of housing are surrounded by the walls of former Victorian residences.

</doc>
<doc id="18714303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714303" title="United Christian Church of Dubai">
United Christian Church of Dubai

The United Christian Church of Dubai (UCCD) is an evangelical church. Established in 1962 as a small fellowship of expatriate oil and gas workers in the Emirate of Dubai, it now comprises more than 1,000 people from well over 50 nationalities, meeting in the Dubai Evangelical Church Centre on Friday mornings. 
1970s.
In 1977, as more expatriate Christians came to Dubai, the small fellowship constituted itself as a church, called the International Evangelical Church of Dubai. A pastor was called, and a statement of doctrine was adopted. In the following year, the first constitution was accepted. The church was then meeting on Sundays in the Jumeirah American School (now the American School of Dubai), and Sunday School was held there in the afternoons.
1980s.
In 1980, due to international tensions, the church was asked, for security reasons, to leave the Jumierah American School. For a while the church met in hired hotel rooms and later in Our Own English School and The Cambridge High School, by arrangement with the school’s owner, Mrs. Varkey. 
1990s.
In 1990, the church leased a large Arabic style villa in Jumeirah (the “Jumeirah Villa”), which remained the church home until September 2003, and continued thereafter to be used for Sunday evening services and other churches’ meetings until the Dubai Municipality ordered the villa’s closure in June 2006.
With the Villa as a permanent place of worship, the church grew significantly. Most notably, in 1990 a Friday morning service was started by 4 families, which grew to become the main gathering of the church. The Villa was also used by other Christian groups, including the Arabic Evangelical Church of Dubai (AECD). In 1994, an informal group composed of UCCD and AECD and others applied for a grant of land from the Ruler of Dubai on which to construct a church building. The Ruler of Dubai in 1998 granted a piece of land to these churches, and fundraising commenced for a building. 
2000 and beyond.
In September, 2003, the Friday services commenced at the new Dubai Evangelical Church Centre (“DECC”) in Maranatha Hall. 
By 2009, six years after DECC was constructed, the total cost of construction had been covered (primarily by members of UCCD) and all loans repaid. 
DECC includes large prayer halls, smaller meeting rooms, a library and an outside pool for baptisms. It is located within a compound alongside church buildings of other denominations. 
In 2010 UCCD sent out a number of members and staff to establish a sister church, Redeemer Church of Dubai, on the opposite side of Dubai. UCCD continued to support Redeemer Church of Dubai financially until 2012, by which time it had grown into a self-supporting church. 
Although licences to hold Christian worship or build churches in Dubai are restricted, UCCD's pastor joined other Christian leaders in 2011 to express their gratitude to the Government for their freedom to meet. 
Today, almost fifty years since the small fellowship was begun in the sands of Dubai, UCCD remains committed to same evangelical vision of its founders: “the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ”. ()
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="18714307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714307" title="Wildridings">
Wildridings

Wildridings is a suburb of Bracknell, in Berkshire, England.
The settlement lies between the A322 and A3095 roads, is approximately south-west of Bracknell town centre and is in the Wildridings and Central local council ward. Wildridings was built in the late 1960's as the new town started expanding beyond the original planned four estates. It was the first estate in the town to use the practice of naming roads in alphabetical order without 'Road' or 'Street', eg Arncliffe, Bishopdale, Crossfell - in this case after names of Yorkshire Dales. In addition road traffic and pedestrians routes were separated.
Facilities include a small shopping centre with post office, several public houses and Wildridings Primary School.[http://www.wildridings.ik.org/]. Mill Pond is a large lake offering leisure facilities, play areas, a skate park and angling. There is no industrial development.
The Offence (1973), a psychological thriller with Sean Connery and Ian Bannen, was filmed in Bracknell. The bulk of the outdoor scenes were taken from March to April, 1972 around Wildridings, specifically Arncliffe, Crossfell, Mill Pond and Mill Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="18714309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714309" title="USS Manayunk (AN-81)">
USS Manayunk (AN-81)

USS "Manayunk" (YN-100/AN-81) was a "Cohoes"-class net laying ship which was assigned to protect U.S. Navy ships and harbors during World War II with her anti-submarine nets. Her World War II career was short lived as the war was ending, and she was placed in reserve and eventually struck by the Navy.
Constructed at Portland, Oregon.
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, "Manayunk" was laid down as "YN-100" by the Commercial Iron Works, Portland, Oregon; 18 December 1944; redesignated "AN-81", 17 January 1945; launched 30 March 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Bryan Wallace Strong; and commissioned 25 May 1945, Lt. M. S. Shaw in command.
World War II related service.
Following shakedown and training, "Manayunk" steamed for the central Pacific Ocean for duty with Minecraft, Pacific Fleet. She operated in the Mariana Islands, primarily in the Saipan-Tinian area, laying and maintaining nets and moorings until the spring of 1946. 
Post-war inactivation.
On 3 May, she departed Saipan for Pearl Harbor and the U.S. West Coast. Arriving at Astoria, Oregon, 2 June, she decommissioned 19 July and was placed in reserve. The ship remained a unit of the 19th Fleet until June 1961 when she was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration and placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet. 
She continued to be listed as Navy-owned until formally turned over to the U.S. Maritime Administration in September 1962 at Olympia, Washington.
"Manayunk" remained a unit of the MARAD Reserve Fleet at Olympia. She was struck from the Navy list in September 1962; her fate is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18714318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714318" title="Bewcastle Roman Fort">
Bewcastle Roman Fort

Bewcastle Roman Fort was a Roman fort, built to the north of Hadrian's Wall as an outpost fort and intended for scouting and intelligence. The Roman name for the fort was Fanum Cocidi (as recorded in the Ravenna Cosmography), and means 'The Shrine of Cocidius', a deity worshipped in northern Britain. The remains of the fort are situated at the village of Bewcastle, Cumbria, to the north of the Roman fort at Birdoswald, on Hadrian's Wall.
The fort was identified as Fanum Cocidi on the basis that, of nine altars discovered on the site, six are dedicated to the god Cocidius.
Description.
The fort was unusual for a Roman fort, being an irregular hexagon rather than oblong, and occupied the whole of the small plateau on which it stood. It occupied an area of almost . The fort was connected to Birdoswald fort by a Roman road, known as the 'Maiden Way'. Two stone signalling towers have been discovered between the two forts (at Barron’s Pike and Robin Hood’s Butts), and it is believed that these were used to pass on signals from Bewcastle to Birdoswald.
It is believed that the fort was built at about the same time as the forts on Hadrian's Wall, and that it was originally built with turf defences and timber buildings, but with gates and headquarters of stone. During the Antonine period, the turf ramparts were faced with stone. It was later completely rebuilt in stone. There were gateways to the north, south, east and west, the west gateway being the main one. The commandant’s house (praetorium) was in the approximate centre of the hexagon, with the headquarters (principia) to the immediate north of it. A Hadrianic-style bathhouse was situated in the south-east section of the fort.
Building inscriptions found at the site indicate that detachments from at least three legions were involved in the building of the fort, the Second Legion (stationed at Caerleon in Wales), the Sixth Legion (based in York) and the Twentieth Legion (based in Chester).
The fort was largely destroyed in A.D. 343, when Hadrian’s Wall was overrun. It was subsequently rebuilt but was finally destroyed after the barbarian invasion of A.D. 367 and was abandoned.
Garrison.
The second-century garrison was the First Cohort of Dacians, a thousand-strong infantry unit. The third-century garrison is believed to be the first Cohort of Nervans (part-mounted).
Excavations.
Limited excavations were carried out in 1937, 1954 and 1957. These established the positions of the internal buildings and uncovered several altars.
Current site.
The embankments and ditches of the fort can still be seen. A church and churchyard occupy the southern part of the site, and the churchyard contains the famous Bewcastle Cross. 
To the north-east of the site are the remains of Bewcastle Castle, a Norman castle built in about 1092, using stones from the Roman fort. The castle was destroyed by Oliver Cromwell in 1641.

</doc>
<doc id="18714324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714324" title="The Samurai's Garden">
The Samurai's Garden

"The Samurai's Garden" is a 1996 novel by American author Gail Tsukiyama. Many consider it to be Tsukiyama's finest work, and an influential piece in Asian literature. The Samurai's Garden is usually included in required reading lists for high school students, and is considered to be a prime example of using effective figurative language.
Synopsis.
Twenty-year-old Stephen leaves his home in Hong Kong just as the Japanese are poised to further invade China, towards Hong Kong. He is sent to Tarumi, a small beach-side village in Japan, to recuperate from tuberculosis. There, he meets and develops friendships with three adults, Matsu, Kenzo, and Sachi, and a young girl, Keiko, who is his own age.
Keiko becomes his first love, but it can't be because she is Japanese and he is Chinese. The Japanese and Chinese were fighting a war at that time, and Keiko's family had prejudiced opinions about Chinese people (especially Keiko's father). Yet Keiko still sees Stephen. Then Keiko's brother eventually dies fighting for Japan, and that causes Keiko to feel guilty for dating Stephen. She ends the relationship because of that.
Also, there is a bitter love triangle between Sachi, Kenzo, and Matsu. Sachi is now an old woman with leprosy. Lepers are forced into exile and are said to dishonor their family, because of their disfigured bodies. Sachi says that society thinks of her as a monster, and those thoughts have obviously rubbed off on her self-concept. She always makes sure that no one can see the left side of her scarred face (the right is unblemished and considered to be the most beautiful face Stephen has ever seen). Such beauty existing next to the scars shows that beauty is in everything. Now, when Sachi was younger and "one of the most beautiful girls in Tarumi", she was engaged to Kenzo, another good looking boy who had promise for a great, successful future. But when Sachi got leprosy, Kenzo was too afraid to visit her in Yamaguchi because he didn't want to see what happened to her. He never realized it, but he had fallen in her love with her beauty, and not the soul.
In order to keep in some contact in the later years with Sachi, Kenzo sent messages through his childhood friend, Matsu. Matsu is one of the main characters in this book and housed Stephen. Matsu was Stephen's grandfather's house keeper, and is a very understanding, quiet man. Matsu taught Stephen many lessons about honor, the cruelties of humanity, and what it is to love someone. Matsu was the only person who was truly there for Sachi, and over the years he and Sachi had started a loving relationship. This was very understated throughout the book, as if Gail Tsukiyama wanted to point out how simple everything was then. Also, Stephen's Ba-ba (father) had an affair with a Japanese woman, and even gave money to his mistress. This tarnished Ba-ba's reputation in Stephen's mind, and he felt betrayed by his father. Throughout the book there is an underlying sense of society being out place, what with their crazy ideas of honor and the fact that there was a war going on. The unwinding stories of his new friends, war, and family eventually bring him to the beginnings of wisdom, love, honor, and loss.
Themes.
At the core, "The Samurai's Garden" is a novel emphasizing the intrinsic themes of loyalty and honor found in Japanese culture. The complex relationship between Tsukiyama's characters, and the physical adversities and conflicts they face, ultimately hold the significance for the title of the novel. The author also alludes to one's ability to build upon life rather than mere acceptance.

</doc>
<doc id="18714332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714332" title="Jusu Sawie">
Jusu Sawie

Jusu Q. B. Sawie is a Sierra Leonean politician from the opposition Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP) who is currently a member of Parliament of Sierra Leone representing Kailahun District. Sawie first ran for a seat in parliament in the 2002 general election, in which he won by a large margin. He won re-election in the 2007 general election, although the SLPP lost the majority of seats in parliament to the then opposition All People's Congress (APC). Jusu Sawie is a member of the Kissi ethnic group from Kailahun District.

</doc>
<doc id="18714334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714334" title="Galați Power Station">
Galați Power Station

The Galaţi Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Galaţi, having 4 generation groups of 100 MW each and 1 unit of 135 MW having a total electricity generation capacity of 535 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18714338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714338" title="Wooden Hill">
Wooden Hill

Wooden Hill is a suburb of Great Hollands, Bracknell, in Berkshire, England.
The settlement lies west of the A3095 road and is approximately south-west of Bracknell town centre.
The hill holds Wooden Hill Primary School in one of its 7 roads, and also has a portion of Great Hollands Recreation Ground visible nearer to the top of the hill. All roads in Wooden Hill begin with 'S'

</doc>
<doc id="18714364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714364" title="Iran at the 1998 FIFA World Cup">
Iran at the 1998 FIFA World Cup

Iran qualified for the 1998 FIFA World Cup. This was their second appearance in the World Cup. Iran didn't progress to the knockout stage. The Iranian National Football Team played in Group F with Yugoslavia, the United States and Germany.
Iran's first match was played on 14 June 1998, against Yugoslavia, which Iran lost 1–0. Iran won their next game 2–1 against the United States with goals from Hamid Estili in the 40th minute and Mehdi Mahdavikia in the 84th minute. This was Iran's first and only World Cup victory. Iran's last match was against Germany, which Iran lost 2–0. 
Squad.
Head coach: Jalal Talebi

</doc>
<doc id="18714367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714367" title="Gordon McKeag">
Gordon McKeag

Gordon McKeag (1928 – 29 September 2005) was an English solicitor and former chairman of Newcastle United.
Biography.
McKeag was born in Whickham and attended Durham and Cambridge University. He followed in his father's footsteps to become a solicitor.
McKeag was first appointed to the board of Newcastle United in November 1972 on the death of his father, Alderman McKeag. In June 1988 he took on the top job as chairman at the club while he was in recovery from a quintuple heart bypass. He led the club through a difficult period when it was demoted to the old Division Two. During that time he fought off takeover bids from Sir John Hall. He stepped down from the job in December 1990 after a club share issue failed to gain support.
McKeag continued to be involved in a number of high profile organisations. He was president of the Football League, chairman of the FA Challenge Cup Committee, director of the Football Association and director of the Football League and PFA Administration. He was also president of the Jesmond Lawn Tennis Club where he was a member for more than 30 years.
His passion for football never waned and a week before his death he was in his usual seat in the Milburn Stand at the last home game to watch Newcastle beat Manchester City at St James' Park.

</doc>
<doc id="18714400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714400" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Atambua">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Atambua

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Atambua () is a diocese located in the city of Atambua in the Ecclesiastical province of Kupang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18714415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714415" title="Rhingia rostrata">
Rhingia rostrata

Rhingia rostrata is a small species of hoverfly, some in length, with a wing span of . It is common in many parts of Europe from March until November, though is slightly less common than "Rhingia campestris" in many parts of it range. In Britain it is only found in southern England. It has a broad orange abdomen, but lacking the black line along the side of the abdomen as in "Rhingia campestris". Also living "Rhingia rostrata" has an orange scutellum, thought this fades to brown in dead specimens. But it still has the distinctive long snout of all "Rhingia" species. Larvae are associated with cow dung. Adults feed on nectar and pollen.

</doc>
<doc id="18714420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714420" title="Brașov Power Station">
Brașov Power Station

The Braşov Power Station is a CHP thermal power plant located in Braşov, having 2 generation groups of 50 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 100 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="18714421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714421" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Weetebula">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Weetebula

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Weetebula () is a diocese located in the city of Weetebula in the Ecclesiastical province of Kupang in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18714424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714424" title="Beibut Shumenov">
Beibut Shumenov

Beibut Shumenov, (born 19 August 1983 in Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh professional boxer who fights in the Light Heavyweight division. He is the current WBA (Super) and IBA Light Heavyweight Champion.
Amateur career.
Shumenov represented Kazakhstan in the 2004 Summer Olympics. His results were:
He qualified for the Athens Games by winning the gold medal at the 2004 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships in Puerto Princesa, Philippines. In the final he defeated PR of China's Lei Yuping.
Professional career.
Shumenov moved to the United States and based himself in Las Vegas where he turned professional in March 2007. In his debut in North Carolina, Shumenov defeated Walter Edwards with a knockout in the first round. He followed this up with another two knockout wins within 4 months. 
In March 2008, Shumenov returned to Kazakhstan to fight American Donnell Wiggins for the vacant WBC Asian and interim PABA light heavyweight titles. Shumenov quickly dispatched the experienced Wiggins with a second round knockout and the next month beat former US national Golden Gloves champion Lavell Finger in the first round to add the vacant WBO Asia Pacific title to his WBC Asian and interim PABA titles.
Shumenov's most high profile fight came in August 2008 when he faced from world champion Montell Griffin in Chimkent, Kazakhstan to defend his regional WBC and WBO titles. Shumenov was taken to the scorecards for the first time in his career but won the fight clearly winning every round on all three judges cards. 
Shumenov was targeting a fight with then WBO World Champion Zsolt Erdei.
World Title.
On 15 August 2009 and only 8 professional bouts on his record Shumenov received a shot at the WBA belt when he took on the Spaniard Gabriel Campillo. The fight took place in Shumenov's home country of Kazakhstan and resulted in the first loss of his career when Campillo was declared the winner by majority decision. A rematch took place on 9 January 2010, with the result being reversed this time and Shumenov declared the winner by what was considered an extremely controversial split decision. With this victory Shumenov became the quickest man ever to win a world title in the light heavyweight division, beating the record of 15 fights set by Jeff Harding in 1989.
Shumenov made the first defense of his title on 23 July 2010 when he won a unanimous decision against the previously undefeated Viacheslav Uzelkov. Shumenov then arranged to have a unification fight with the then WBO champion Jürgen Brähmer, the fight was scheduled to take place in Kazakhstan 8 January 2011. However just days before the fight was due to take place Brähmer left Kazakhstan and returned to Germany, citing illness as his reason for dropping out of the fight. In his place former middleweight world champion William Joppy stepped in at short notice, and was knocked out by Shumenov in the 6th round.
He successfully defended his title in Las Vegas on 29 July, 2011 against former Contender star Danny Santiago and again on June 2, 2012 in Las Vegas against Enrique Ornelas.
Shumenov was promoted to WBA Super champion and will defend the WBA Super and IBA Light Heavyweight titles against Tomáš Kovács, a boxer from the Slovak Republic, on December 14, 2013.
Plans.
Following on from his earlier efforts to unify the titles, in June 2011 Shumenov expressed an interest in a possible 4 man tournament between himself and the other current beltholders (newly crowned WBO champion Nathan Cleverly, IBF champion Bernard Hopkins and the WBC/Ring Magazine champion Chad Dawson).

</doc>
<doc id="18714426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714426" title="Aedia funesta">
Aedia funesta

Aedia funesta is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Central Europe, Southern Europe, Anatolia and Iran.
There are two generations per year. Adults are on wing from April to June and from August to October.
The larvae feed on "Calystegia sepium" and "Convolvulus arvensis".

</doc>
<doc id="18714430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714430" title="Tom McInerney">
Tom McInerney

Tom McInerney (1905–1998) was an Irish sportsperson. He played hurling with his local club O'Callaghan's Mills and with the Clare senior inter-county team from 1927 until 1936.
Playing career.
Club.
McInerney played his club hurling with his local club O'Callaghan's Mills and enjoyed some success. He won a senior county title with the club in 1937.
Inter-county.
McInerney first came to prominence for the Clare senior inter-county team in 1927 when Clare reached the Munster final. Cork provided the opposition on that occasion and went on to win the game by 5-3 to 3-4.
1928 saw Clare take on Cork for the second consecutive year in the Munster final. That year McInerney's side nearly pulled off a shock result, however, both sides finished level after recording 2-2. The replay was not a happy game for Clare as Cork trounced them by 6-4 to 2-2.
Two years later in 1930 McInerney was back in the provincial decider. Tipperary were the opponents on that occasion, however, Clare failed to make the breakthrough once again. A score line of 6-4 to 2-8 gave victory to Tipp.
In 1932 Clare reached the Munster final for the fourth time in six years. Once again, Cork, a team that had defeated McInerney's side on many occasions, provided the opposition. The game itself saw Clare triumph for the first time since 1914. A score line of 5-2 to 4-1 gave McInerney his first and only Munster medal. The subsequent All-Ireland semi-final was an exciting affair with Clare emerging victorious over Galway by 9-4 to 4-14. This victory allowed Clare to advance to the All-Ireland final where Kilkenny provided the opposition. In a low-scoring but tense game Clare’s Tull Considine scored two goals and was foiled for what would almost certainly have been a third. These goals were negated by Kilkenny’s three goal-scoring heroes Matty Power, Martin White and Lory Meagher. The final score of 3-3 to 2-3 gave victory to Kilkenny.
Clare went into decline following this game as Limerick emerged as the dominant force in Munster. Mcinenrye retired from inter-county hurling in 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="18714442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714442" title="R19">
R19

R19 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18714449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714449" title="Brock Hill">
Brock Hill

Bullbrook is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies near to the A330 road and is approximately north-east of Bracknell.

</doc>
<doc id="18714454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714454" title="Craig Jones (motorcycle racer)">
Craig Jones (motorcycle racer)

Craig Jones (16 January 1985 – 4 August 2008) was an English motorcycle racer. He grew up in the town of Northwich and attended Charles Darwin Primary School and later Hartford High School.
Biography.
Born in Crewe, Cheshire Craig grew up in Northwich and remained there until later in his career he moved to Peterborough. Jones was a successful racer in the lower ranks of the British motorcycling ladder winning the 1996 British Junior Mini-Moto Championship, the 1997 British Senior Mini-Moto Championship and the 2002 British Junior Superstock Championship before moving up to the British Supersport Championship.
In 2002 Jones rode in trials at the Isle of Man TT Races for the Triumph Motorcycles/Valmoto team on a Daytona 600. Jones subsequently stayed with this team to compete in the 2003 and 2004 seasons of the British Supersport Championship, with Jones taking the team's only win in its final race, at Donington Park. Jones finished the 2004 season eighth in the overall standings.
In 2005 Jones has his best year in the British Supersport Championship riding for the Northpoint Honda team, achieving seven podium finishes and second overall in the title contest behind Leon Camier. Jones' riding that year earned him wildcard entry into the two British rounds of World Supersport, where he performed impressively. Jones qualified on the front row at Silverstone and was contesting the lead when he pulled out of the race with clutch problems, and he finished eighth at Brands Hatch. Jones was also called up as a stand-in rider for the prestigious Ten Kate Honda team at Brno, where he finished sixth.
Jones moved up to the Superbike World Championship for the 2006 season on the uncompetitive Foggy Petronas FP1. A solitary thirteenth place at Imola was his only points finish in the championship.
In 2007, Jones returned to the Supersport World Championship category for his first season as a full-time supersport rider, riding with the Reve Ekerold Honda team. Jones suffered many technical problems early in the season, and crashed out of the lead at Brands Hatch, but a took podiums at Brno, and in the season's final two rounds Vallelunga and Magny-Cours. At Vallelunga he was leading when the red flag was thrown, but lost the race to Kenan Sofuoğlu as the Turkish rider was leading the last completed lap. The podium at Magny-Cours moved him up from 7th to 5th in the final standings.
For 2008, Jones remained in Supersport, with his team now managed by Simon Buckmaster, and added three more podiums including the season-opener at Losail and again at Valencia after an intense battle with Fabien Foret. Despite missing the Monza race with a hand injury, and despite the race at Brno (where he was at the front of the race until he had technical problems, just two laps before the end of the race), he was sixth in the championship before his ultimately tragic home round at Brands Hatch.
Death.
Jones died as a result of head injuries sustained in a fall and subsequent collision during the Brands Hatch round of the 2008 Supersport World Championship season.
The fall occurred at Clark Curve, a fast right-hand turn that leads into the home straight of the Brands Hatch circuit. At the time of the fall, Jones was in second position and challenging Jonathan Rea for the lead. As Jones accelerated out of the curve the rear wheel of his Honda CBR600RR lost traction and he was thrown across the track into the path of oncoming riders. The Australian rider Andrew Pitt attempted to take evasive action, but the front wheel and the footrest of his machine collided with Jones' helmet.
The race was immediately stopped by officials so that medical personnel could attend to Jones, and he was taken to the Brands Hatch medical center where Clinica Mobile doctors resuscitated him on four occasions. He was air-lifted by the Kent Air Ambulance to the Royal London Hospital. Jones' condition was assessed as 'extremely critical' upon his arrival and he was induced into a pharmacological coma by doctors in an attempt to stabilise his condition. This intervention was unsuccessful and Jones was pronounced dead by doctors shortly after 00.30 local time on 4 August 2008. As Jones was running second in the race at the time of the race stoppage, he moved up to fifth in the championship. Fellow racers Tommy Hill and James Toseland were at his bedside as he died.
Four-time world champion and former team boss of Jones, Carl Fogarty, said that "Craig was one of a crop of good young riders who were the future of British racing and I took a chance on him to ride for our team in 2006 because I thought he was the pick of the bunch."
Tributes.
The Autódromo Internacional do Algarve in Portimão, whose owners are also involved in Jones' Parkalgar Honda team, has named a corner on the track after Jones.
British Superbike rider Cal Crutchlow raced in one of Jones' spare helmets at the BSB meeting at Knockhill a week later.
On 14 March 2009, Eugene Laverty won for Parkalgar at Losail in World Supersport. His bike carried a small decal of Jones' #18, and in the post-race interview Laverty dedicated the win to Jones, crediting the work he had done in making the team competitive.
On 17 August 2008, James Toseland rode the Czech Republic motorcycle Grand Prix with a black armband and carried Jones' number 18 on his fairing to express his sadness.
On 7 September 2008 Tommy Hill rode Jones' bike around one lap of Donington Park in remembrance of his friend, while carrying the English flag. The marshalls also waved their flags.
Craig Jones memorial at the Autódromo Internacional do Algarve.
On 22 October 2009, a tribute ceremony occurred, with the exhibition of a provisional statue, created by the Portuguese sculptress Paula Hespanha, representing Craig Jones on his motorbike after passing the finishing line. This statue will be the main part of a monument, already partially built, which also includes the architectural arrangement of the main access roundabout to the racetrack, created by Paula Hespanha and Portuguese architect Manuel Pedro Ferreira Chaves.
This monument is a landscape sculpture, representing the main straight of a racing circuit, which extends up to the car park of the main grandstand. This large-scale artistic intervention serves to frame the statue but will also be useful as an access that will allow pedestrian approach to the statue. 
The owner of Autódromo Internacional do Algarve and Parkalgar racing team, Paulo Pinheiro, declared: "it is a very special thanks to Craig Jones who will be forever immortalized in our memories. This tribute will keep alive the admiration and respect for the work of Craig in the motorcycling world ". "This monument will ensure that Craig Jones will never be forgotten."
The inauguration of the marble and stainless steel statue was expected to occur in 2010. If completed in 2011, this will be the only stone statue in the world representing a motorbike.
See also.
Autódromo Internacional do Algarve

</doc>
<doc id="18714471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714471" title="Neoplan Skyliner">
Neoplan Skyliner

The NEOPLAN Skyliner is a double-deck multi-axle luxury touring coach built by the German coach manufacturer and MAN SE subsidiary NEOPLAN Bus GmbH.
History.
In 1964, the founder's second son, Konrad Auwärter, developed a double-deck design for a service bus as part of his dissertation. The 'Do-Bus' design had extremely low weight, and could carry over 100 passengers. It also featured a low-frame front axle with forward-mounted steering gear that permitted a low flat floor. The double-deck principle was applied to coach design, creating a revolutionary high-capacity comfortable vehicle for touring. This vehicle was known as the Skyliner, and created an image for the company that differentiated the NEOPLAN brand from its competitors, and created interest in its products across Europe.
A second manufacturing facility opened in Pilsting in 1973, and a third opening in Kumasi, Ghana in December 1974 to support a large order.
The double-deck Skyliner concept was taken to its ultimate conclusion in 1975, with the introduction of the Jumbocruiser, a double-deck articulated coach long and high. The Spaceliner, introduced in 1979 took the Cityliner concept of passenger floor level above the driver, and extended the actual floor above the cab. This kept the height of the vehicle lower than a double-decker, at , but still allowed installation of toilets, kitchens or sleep cabins below the passenger compartment.
SCRTD of Los Angeles, operated Neoplan Skyliners during the 1980s and early 1990s. Antelope Valley Transit Authority operated Skyliners on their Lancaster-Los Angeles route during the late 1990s early 2000s.
UK.
The NEOPLAN Skyliner also gained popularity in the United Kingdom. Stagecoach bought some Skyliners during the 1980s to facilitate its new coaching division developed during the company's early years. In 2004, it bought 25 more N122/3L Skyliners for its modern coaching divisions the Oxford Tube and Megabus. Trathens Travel Services of Plymouth also bought some Skyliners in 2005 for its National Express contracts. However, many of these were displaced following the accident with a National Express Skyliner (see below) - when some Plaxton Panthers were bought in 2007.
Specifications (2009).
The NEOPLAN Skyliner has undergone a process of evolution in specification since its 1964 introduction. , the double-deck Skyliner is available in two lengths: the Skyliner C and the Skyliner L. The shorter C version used to be long, but is now ; and the Skyliner L is long, and includes a correspondingly longer wheelbase. The Skyliner C is designed to seat 69 passengers plus two crew (driver and steward), whereas the Skyliner L seats 77 plus two.
For the powertrain detail, current Skyliners use an MAN diesel engine sourced from Neoplan parent company MAN Nutzfahrzeuge AG. This Euro4 rated diesel fueled internal combustion engine is the 12.5 litre MAN D2676 LOH 02 straight-six (R6) common rail turbodiesel with intercooler, which displaces , and utilises four valves per cylinder and cylinder-direct fuel injection. It uses a Bosch EDC7 electronic engine control unit, and also uses a 'PM-KAT' catalytic converter. It produces a DIN-rated motive power output of at 1,900 revolutions per minute (rpm), and generates a torque turning force of at 1,050-1,400 rpm. The engine is mounted upright in a longitudinal orientation at the rear of the coach, and transmits its output to the rear roadwheels via a twelve-speed TipMatic ZF AS Tronic automated manual transmission.
An interesting design on the Skyliner is its 'tag' third axle. This is able to articulate, during steering movements - and this helps reduce tyre wear, which can afflict dual rear axle vehicles. It features disc brakes all round, and utilises independent suspension on the front and trailing third axles, whilst the driven axle is a solid version.
Standard safety features include 'electronically regulated braking system' (EBS) with braking assistant (BA) and Electronic Stability Programme (ESP). It also features a speed-limiting device called 'maximum speed control' (MSC), and is fitted with an accident data recorder (ADR). An optional feature is the 'lane guard system' (LGS), which will vibrate the drivers seat should the coach drift out of its lane.
Its maximum permissible weight is , and can have a total luggage volume of up to .
Accidents.
In March 2003 near Nažidla in South Bohemian Region a Neoplan Skyliner overturned on Czech European route E55, killing nineteen people and one man died two years later due to the injuries sustained in the crash. Thirty-four people were injured. It has been the biggest bus accident in history of the Czech Republic.
In May 2003 in France a Neoplan Skyliner overturned on a French highway, killing twenty-eight people. A report by French investigators recommended that drivers of double-deck coaches should receive special training because of the vehicle's relative instability. A separate study, presented to the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe in the same year reported that high-sided coaches were much more likely to overturn in crashes than standard single-deck coaches. The German manufacturer added a safety system, known as electronic stability control, which brakes each wheel separately to prevent overturning in 2006.
In January 2007 a Neoplan Skyliner operated by National Express Coaches overturned and crashed on the M25 motorway near Heathrow Airport, killing two passengers; a third passenger died six-months later due to the injuries sustained in the crash. The company temporarily withdrew all twelve Skyliners from service pending investigations The crash was deemed to have been caused by travelling at excessive speed and the driver was charged with three counts of causing death by dangerous driving. He was subsequently jailed for five years and banned from driving for three years. No safety issues were found. The electronic stability control system which had been introduced on new vehicles in 2006 was not used on this vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="18714480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714480" title="Govora Power Station">
Govora Power Station

The Govora Power Station is a large thermal power plant located in Râmnicu Vâlcea, having 4 generation groups of 50 MW each having a total electricity generation capacity of 200 MW.
Coordinates: 

</doc>
<doc id="18714489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714489" title="Burj al-Taqa">
Burj al-Taqa

The Burj al-Taqa, also known as the Dubai "Energy Tower" is a skyscraper that was to be built in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates. Like the World Trade Center (Manama), it was to incorporate power generation assets into its structure, including a wind turbine on the roof and solar panels.
The project was not publicly cancelled following the global financial crisis, but it has been quietly mothballed. No ground has been broken on the structure site and there are no plans to begin construction as of January 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18714493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714493" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 68 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714495" title="Paul Clayton">
Paul Clayton

Paul Clayton is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="18714514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714514" title="Brookside, Berkshire">
Brookside, Berkshire

Brookside is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Winkfield.
The settlement lies east of the A332 road and is approximately north of Ascot Racecourse.

</doc>
<doc id="18714525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714525" title="The Red Spot">
The Red Spot

The Red Spot (original German: Der Rote Punkt, original Japanese: 赤い点) is a German-Japanese film, marking the feature film debut of writer and director Marie Miyayama, who is the first Japanese student at the University of Television and Film Munich. The shooting took place in August and September 2007 in Allgaeu and in October 2007 in Tokyo.
Short Synopsis.
The Japanese student Aki Onodera travels in her family’s tracks from Tokyo to Germany. In idyllic East Allgaeu she meets the Webers, who take her in as their guest. But soon, the situation of the family becomes turbulent by her appearance…
Long Synopsis.
The young Japanese student Aki Onodera is haunted by dreams of long-lost memories from her early childhood. While she should really be concentrating on finding a job after her studies, instead she goes to her parents’ house and discovers an old package from a foreign land tucked away in a storage closet. An old camera containing film and a yellowed envelope with a letter and a map of a foreign country with a red spot marking a particular location seem to be the key to her dreams.
Despite her parents’ and boyfriend’s apprehension, she travels alone to Germany to look for this place. On her search in the idyllic East Allgaeu area, she goes to the local police station looking for help, where the 18-year-old Elias Weber is being questioned. When Elias’ father comes to the police station to pick him up, the policeman asks him to take the Japanese girl with them, as the place she is looking for is near their house. 
Father and son drop Aki off near the edge of a forest and drive home. After dinner, Elias takes off with his sister to pick up his motorcycle from the police station and they run into the Japanese girl, who, drenched from the rain, is desperately looking for a place to stay for the night. They take her into town, and after not being able to find a hotel room, they take her back home with them and offer her their guest room. 
The next day, Elias helps Aki look for the location on the map where the red mark is. According to Aki, there is supposed to be a memorial stone there for Aki’s biological family, who died at that spot 18 years ago. Later on that evening, Elias gets into a hefty argument with his father which then turns physical. Elias runs out of the house, followed by his father who already has a guilty conscience about hitting his son. Although it is not her intention, Aki’s presence and the search for the past seem to intensify the tension among the Weber family and finally lead to light being shed on family secret. 
When Aki finally finds the spot she has been looking for, everyone involved must come to terms with the past in order to make way for a new beginning…

</doc>
<doc id="18714540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714540" title="Burleigh, Berkshire">
Burleigh, Berkshire

Burleigh is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies east of the A332 road and is approximately west of Ascot Racecourse.

</doc>
<doc id="18714542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714542" title="R25">
R25

R25 may refer to :
R-25 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18714547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714547" title="Amphipoea fucosa">
Amphipoea fucosa

The Saltern Ear Moth "(Amphipoea fucosa)" is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 29–35 mm. The moth flies from the beginning of June to the end of September.
The larvae feed inside the roots and stems of various grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18714563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714563" title="College Town, Berkshire">
College Town, Berkshire

College Town is a village in Berkshire, England, and a suburb of Sandhurst.
The settlement lies north of the A321 road and is approximately west of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.
College Town is home to a large and well-known out-of-town mercantile development, "The Meadows", which was built in 1988. It comprises a large Tesco Extra hypermarket and a Marks & Spencer, two of the largest in the country.
There is also a branch of Waitrose at 390-398 Yorktown Road. It has a sales area of 18,795 sq ft and opened in 2007. The store occupies the premises of a former Safeway store, which was originally opened in 1985. It was closed by Morrisons in November 2005 (which had acquired Safeway in March 2004) after it was deemed to be too small for conversion to the Morrisons format, along with issues over the leasehold of the store.

</doc>
<doc id="18714572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714572" title="Zeiss Ikon Kolibri">
Zeiss Ikon Kolibri

The Kolibri 523/18 was a camera by Zeiss Ikon, made between 1930 and 1935. 
The Kolibri took sixteen 3x4cm exposures on 127 film. The camera featured a collapsible lens tube and was arranged in a vertical format, with a flip-up viewfinder on the top. On the right-hand side was the winding knob and a tripod bush; there was another tripod bush at the bottom. The lens had small "feet" on either side, so the camera would stand horizontally, and a strut could be fixed below the lens to balance the camera vertically. There were two red windows on the back, for the small image format. A supplementary close-up lens was available, called Proxar, which allowed focusing down to 30 cm. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714578" title="Mia Mäkilä">
Mia Mäkilä

Mia Mäkilä "a.k.a. Mia Makila" (b. March 21, 1979 in Norrköping, Sweden) is a Swedish artist particularly known for her Boschian (Hieronymus Bosch) style in her mixed media works. She is also involved in the European Lowbrow Art Movement.
In 2008 Mia Mäkilä did the album cover and booklet art for Spark Large, the first full-length album by Marching Band. It was released August 5, 2008 by U & L Records.

</doc>
<doc id="18714592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714592" title="Cranbourne, Berkshire">
Cranbourne, Berkshire

Cranbourne is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Winkfield in the borough of Bracknell Forest.
The settlement lies near to Windsor Great Park and Legoland Windsor, and is approximately south-west of Windsor. Neither Cranbourne Chase nor Cranbourne Lodge, which it surrounds, are in Winkfield but across the border in Windsor.
History.
Cranbourne was the location of a free school that eventually became Ranelagh Church of England School.

</doc>
<doc id="18714602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714602" title="Kansas City Suburban Belt Railroad">
Kansas City Suburban Belt Railroad

The Kansas City Suburban Belt Railroad was a railway located throughout the suburban Kansas City area. The railway was incorporated by Arthur Stilwell and Edward L. Martin in 1887, and began operation in 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="18714615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714615" title="The Annie Lennox Collection">
The Annie Lennox Collection

The Annie Lennox Collection is the first greatest hits album by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox. It was released on 9 March 2009 and also contains two brand-new songs, "Shining Light", originally a song by Ash, and a cover of Keane's rare B-side "Closer Now", retitled "Pattern of My Life". The artwork was shot by rock singer Bryan Adams.
Background.
About the album, Lennox said:
It seems like the time has come to release the Collection this year. The songs are timeless, and have become "classics" in their own right.
Finishing out her contract with Sony BMG, Lennox released the compilation album "The Annie Lennox Collection". Initially intended for release in September 2008, the release date was pushed back several months to allow Lennox to recuperate from a back injury. The compilation was eventually released in the US on 17 February 2009, and in the UK and Europe on 9 March 2009. Included on the track listing are songs from her four solo albums, one from the Bram Stoker's "Dracula" soundtrack, and two new songs. One of these is a cover of Northern Irish band Ash's 2001 song "Shining Light", which became Lennox's first UK top forty solo hit since 1995, peaking at number thirty-nine. The other is a cover of English band Keane's song "Closer Now" (originally the B-side to their 2000 single "Call Me What You Like"), retitled "Pattern of My Life". The track was released digitally in the UK on 24 May 2009 as the album's second single.
A limited three-disc edition of the album was released only in the UK on the same day, containing a second CD with rare songs such as a live cover version of R.E.M.'s "Everybody Hurts" with Alicia Keys and Lennox's Academy Award-winning song "Into the West" from the 2003 film "", as well as a DVD compilation featuring most of Lennox's solo videos since 1992 and two live performances.
Commercial performance.
"The Annie Lennox Collection" debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart, Lennox's fifth top ten solo album and fourth top three album. It spent seven weeks in the top ten and twenty-five weeks in the top 100. The album peaked at number thirty-four on the "Billboard" 200 in the US. Elsewhere, it reached the top five in Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and Norway, and the top ten in Australia, Croatia and Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18714624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714624" title="Jiang Lan">
Jiang Lan

Jiang Lan (; born 27 June 1989 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese track and field sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. Her personal best time is 11.49 seconds, achieved in October 2007 in Wuhan. In the 200 metres she has a best of 23.46 seconds.
Jiang represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay together with Wang Jing, Tao Yujia and Qin Wangping. In their first round heat they placed fourth behind Jamaica, Russia and Germany. Their time of 43.78 seconds was the tenth time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.
Jiang won the 100 m gold and 200 m silver at the 11th National Games of the People's Republic of China, as well as a silver in the relay for Jiangsu. She has also won medals at regional level competitions with a 200 m bronze at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships and a gold from the 2009 East Asian Games among her past performances.
She has also competed in the 60 metres event indoors: she finished fifth at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games and won the gold medal at the 2010 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships.
Jiang shared in the relay silver at the 2010 Asian Games. She failed to make it out of the 200 m heats at the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships but won another relay silver in the 4 x 100 m event. She competed in the team event at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics but the Chinese runners were disqualified. In March 2013 she broke her first Chinese record by running the 200 m indoors in a time of 23.52 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="18714627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714627" title="Look at Me (When I Rock Wichoo)">
Look at Me (When I Rock Wichoo)

"Look at Me (When I Rock Wichoo)" is a song by American indie rock band Black Kids, taken from their debut album "Partie Traumatic". It was released in the UK by Almost Gold Recordings on September 8, 2008 and debuted on the Top 200 UK Singles Chart at number 175.

</doc>
<doc id="18714628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714628" title="Brie Gertler">
Brie Gertler

Brie Gertler is a philosopher who works primarily on problems in the philosophy of mind. A mind-body dualist, she is Commonwealth Professor of Philosophy at the University of Virginia. Her special interests include introspection, consciousness and mental content.
Among Gertler's other fields of study are epistemology and the philosophy of language. She has edited "Privileged Access" (2003), an anthology of papers on self-knowledge, and co-edited (with Lawrence Shapiro) "Arguing about the Mind" (2007), a reader in the philosophy of mind.
Education and employment.
Gertler has written numerous papers on her research and is a seasoned book reviewer. She received an BA with High Honours in Philosophy from Swarthmore College in June 1989 and an MA at the University of Pennsylvania three years later. In June 1997, she was granted a PhD by Brown University.
Gertler first found employment as an assistant professor at The College of William & Mary, where she worked from 1997 to 2001, before moving on to the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where she earned tenure. She moved to her present position in 2004.
"In Defence of Mind-Body Dualism".
To the thirteenth edition of the Joel Feinberg- and Russ Shafer-Landau-edited "Reason & Responsibility", Gertler contributed a paper in support of dualism. It explored the fundamentals of the mind-body problem and defended her philosophy against charges of "spookiness". Her argument is founded on the claim that, in feeling pain, we know the essence of the mental state of pain.

</doc>
<doc id="18714631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714631" title="Konkurs (album)">
Konkurs (album)

Konkurs (English: Bankruptcy) is the third full-length album by Swedish black metal band Lifelover. The limited edition version includes with a poster of the band, a Lifelover sticker and the re-release of the first demo (on pro-printed CD-r) limited to 100 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="18714633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714633" title="Kenyan cricket team in the Netherlands in 2008">
Kenyan cricket team in the Netherlands in 2008

The Kenya national cricket team toured the Netherlands in 2008. They played one first class match and one One Day International against the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="18714637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714637" title="Aporophyla lutulenta">
Aporophyla lutulenta

The Deep Brown Dart ("Aporophyla lutulenta") is a moth of the family Noctuoidea. It is found in Europe, primarily in Central Europe and Southern Europe, near the Black Sea and the Caucasus.
The length of the forewings is 15–18 mm. The moth flies in one generation in September .
The larvae feed on various plants including grasses.

</doc>
<doc id="18714649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714649" title="Chen Jue (athlete)">
Chen Jue (athlete)

Chen Jue (; born 23 March 1988 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres. 
At the 2006 Asian Games she finished seventh in the 200 metres and won a gold medal in the 4x100m relay.
She was the back-up runner for the 4x100 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She won the silver in the relay event for Jiangsu at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009 with Jiang Lan also part of the team.
Her personal best time is 23.52 seconds, achieved in July 2004 in Beijing. In the 100 metres she has 11.50 seconds, achieved in October 2007 in Wuhan.

</doc>
<doc id="18714660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714660" title="EOK">
EOK

EOK may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18714662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714662" title="Eshhar">
Eshhar

Eshhar () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee to the south of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2006 it had a population of 432.
The village was established in 1986 by a gar'in, most of whose members were from Chicago and the UK. The aim was to create a community in which religious and secular could live together. It was named after Rhamnus palaestinus, a plant whose Hebrew name is Eshhar.
The facilities available within the village include a synagogue, a community hall, a small farm (animal corner) and a park.

</doc>
<doc id="18714664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714664" title="Hawthorn Hill, Berkshire">
Hawthorn Hill, Berkshire

Hawthorn Hill is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies at the junction of the A3095 and A330 roads, and is approximately north of Bracknell.

</doc>
<doc id="18714666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714666" title="Hudi Bitek">
Hudi Bitek

Hudi Bitek () is a village on the outskirts of Zagreb, Croatia. It is administratively located in the Brezovica city district. The population is 331. Hudi Bitek has been an inhabited settlement since the medieval times.

</doc>
<doc id="18714684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714684" title="Bunyodkor PFK">
Bunyodkor PFK

Bunyodkor Professional Football Club (, Uzbek Cyrillic: Бунёдкор футбол клуби; ) is an Uzbek football club based in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
The relatively unknown club made international headlines when it claimed to be close to signing world-famous Barcelona striker Samuel Eto'o, although he did not sign with them. On 25 August 2008, AEK Athens Brazilian superstar Rivaldo announced to the Greek press that he was joining Bunyodkor on a reported $14 million two-year contract.
The club finished second in the 2007 Uzbek League season and made the semi-finals of the 2008 AFC Champions League. In August 2008, the club changed its name to Bunyodkor from PFC Kuruvchi to reflect the club's success on the pitch and its increasing professionalism off the pitch.
History.
Bunyodkor, which means "creator" in Uzbek, was created on 6 July 2005, with the name "Neftgazmontaj-Quruvchi", which was typically abbreviated "Kuruvchi” (the Uzbek word for "builder"). In 2005, the club played initially in the championship of Tashkent region and played its way into the playoff for promotion into the First League, the second level of Uzbek football. Kuruvchi gained promotion that year, its first, and under the management of Khikmat Irgashev, Kuruvchi won the First League in its first attempt, winning 27 of 38 matches with 5 draws and 6 defeats.
With its victory in the second level of Uzbek football in 2006, the 2007 season was Kuruvchi's debut in the Uzbek League. Never before had a club moved with such alacrity from the lower reaches of Uzbek competition into the top league. In club's first season Bunyodkor finishe runner-up after Pakhtakor Tashkent.
In December 2007 Mirjalol Kasymov was appointed as head coach of Bunyodkor, replacing Hikmat Irgashev.
2008 was debut year of Bunyodkor in AFC Champions League where they qualified to the semi-final of tournament. In semifinal they were beaten over two legs by Adelaide United 3–1 on aggregate.
Famous signings.
On 14 July 2008, the club, then called Kuruvchi, announced through their official website that they had signed Barcelona star Samuel Eto'o on a six-month contract. The story was confirmed by Bahtier Babayev, the club's Sporting Director, stating that it was a performance-related contract. He also went on to say that the Cameroonian football star would sign on 17 July, and that the transfer had taken place due to the good relationship enjoyed between both clubs' presidents. Despite this, Barcelona" official spokesperson denied any knowledge of such a transfer, stating 'I don't think it's very likely'.
On 16 July 2008, the Uzbek radio "Maxima" reported that Davut Kivrak and Barcelona managers are expected to arrive to Tashkent to hold talks with the Uzbek Football Federation and to promote youth football (Barcelona and Bunyodkor have a yearly renewable deal to help in youth football). The following day, Eto'o confirmed that he was thinking of joining Kuruvchi – the team stated that they would have confirmation on whether Eto'o would join the team on 23 July 2008.
Shortly thereafter, Bunyodkor and "Barcelona" managements announced that the two clubs had reached agreement to play a friendly in Tashkent and the Uzbek side will be able to train at Camp Nou.
As of 31 July 2008, Eto'o's status had become no clearer, as Bunyodkor was still in the running to obtain the services of the Cameroonian international, but he was also being sought by Milanese powerhouses A.C. Milan and Internazionale.
Just a couple of days after Eto'o's visit to Tashkent, two other players from "Barcelona" visited the team – Andrés Iniesta and Carles Puyol, as well as Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fàbregas.
Although unsuccessful in obtaining Eto'o's services by September 2008, Bunyodkor brought two famous Brazilians to Tashkent: Rivaldo as a midfielder and Zico as manager. Rivaldo signed a contract that he termed "very good for the end of my career" to play for Bunyodkor. Three weeks later, his countryman Zico signed on to manage the club on a one-year deal. 
Zico left Bunyodkor in January 2009 after he was signed by CSKA Moscow as head coach.
On 8 June 2009 Luiz Felipe Scolari was announced as Bunyodkor's new head coach. He resigned on 6 June 2010. Also Rivaldo unexpectedly terminated his multi-million contract and was released from the club on 12 August 2010. In May 2010, after Luiz Felippe Scolari resigned, Mirjalol Kasymov became coach of the club again.
On 26 February 2011 Bunyodkor unveiled 11 new players for the 2011 season.
In the 2012 season, Bunyodkor was unable to defend its league title, despite winning its third Uzbek Cup; the club finished runner-up to Pakhtakor in the league. In the 2012 AFC Champions League, the club repeated its 2008 achievements, reaching the semi-final of the tournament. In the semi-final, Bunyodkor lost to Ulsan Hyundai over two legs.
Bunyodkor made play-off of AFC Champions League for the 6th successive time in 2013 season, winning the group stage of tournament.The club renewed its previous record in AFC Champions League history.
Stadium.
Bunyodkor played its first years at the MHSK Stadium. After the end of the Uzbek League season 2008 it was announced that MHSK stadium would have been closed for longtime reconstruction. Season 2008 was the last season at the MHSK stadium, for 2009 season club moved to 8,460-seater JAR Stadium. The old MHSK Stadium was completely demolished with plans to build a new and modern 34.000-all-seater stadium, Bunyodkor Stadium and football academy for youth. The construction works were finished in August 2012.
The stadium was opened on 28 September 2012 and originally was one of the proposed venues to host the matches of FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup 2012 in Uzbekistan. The festive opening ceremony of the stadium marking the 100th anniversary of football in Uzbekistan was held on 28 September 2012 with an exhibition match between Bunyodkor and Pakhtakor with the scoreline ending 3:3.
The first official football match was played on 26 March 2013. The 2014 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifying round 4 match between Uzbekistan and Lebanon ended with a 1–0.
Records and statistics.
Viktor Karpenko presently holds the team record for number of matches played for the club. He made 203 appearances ahead of Jasur Hasanov with 188 caps (as of 9 November 2013)
Bunyodkor's all-time top goalscorers in all competitions is Anvar Soliev with 65 goals, 46 of them in league, 2nd is Rivaldo with 43 goals followed by Server Djeparov and Viktor Karpenko with 38 goals.
Kit manufacturers and shirt sponsors.
The current main shirt sponsor of Bunyodkor is the state natural gas transport company ""Uztransgaz"". Uztransgaz became largest shareholder of Bunyodkor in March 2011 and head club sponsor. Bunyodkors shirts had been made by manufacturer Nike until 2012. In March 2012 club announced signing contract with Jako as the club's new kit manufacturer.
Capital derby.
Since Bunyodkor's promotion to the Uzbek Top League matches between club and their other rival from capital, football powerhouse Pakhtakor, considered by supporters of both sides and football journalists as Uzbek capital derby or "Toshkent derby". With former coach Luiz Felipe Scolari Bunyodkor faced four derby matches: three Uzbek League and one Uzbekistans Cup matches. His first derby match took place on 12 July 2009 at JAR Stadium where Bunyodkor won Pakhtakor with 2:1. The Supercup match between champion and Cup winner originally scheduled for 11 March 2012 was postponed. The new date for the game was officially not announced.
On 26 June 2012, in League match Bunyodkor won Pakhtakor for the second time with two goal difference (2:0). In semifinal 2nd leg match of Uzbekistan Cup on 25 November 2012, Bunyodkor won Pakhtakor with 3:1 for the second time, qualifying to cup final.
On 30 June 2013 Bunyodkor played away League match won with 2:0. This defear was Pakhtakor's first home match loss in Uzbek League against Bunyodkor.
In second leg of 2013 League season on 8 August 2013 Bunyodkor faced Pakhtakor at home "JAR" ground and lost "Lions" with 1:2. The loss was Bunyodkor's first since 2009 Cup match and first ever in League matches.

</doc>
<doc id="18714690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714690" title="William Walters (outlaw)">
William Walters (outlaw)

William Walters, also known as "Bronco Bill" (1869 - 1933?) was an outlaw during the closing days of the Old West. He is best known for the legend of his "lost treasure", allegedly located in the area of Solomonville, Arizona.
Bill Walters was born in Fort Sill, in Oklahoma Territory. He worked most of his youth as a cowboy, then began working for the Santa Fe Railroad as a section hand. Shortly after becoming employed by the railroad, Walters became involved in train robberies and the robberies of stagecoaches. He began riding with the Black Jack Ketchum Gang around 1893, where he is believed to have committed at least two murders. He soon coaxed some of the gang members to leave with him, and form their own gang concentrating on the robbery of Wells Fargo shipments. It would be in this endeavor that he saw his greatest success.
Between 1894 and 1897, Walters robbed an undetermined amount of cash from shipments, committing several murders in the process. The amounts he is believed to have stolen in legend are in all likelihood exaggerated. However, as the legend goes, Walters began hiding his loot in a secret location around Solomonville, near where he and his gang had their hideout. In July 1898, after a failed robbery attempt in Grants, New Mexico during which the gang was driven off by heavy gunfire by guards, lawman Jeff Milton, along with lawman George Scarborough, tracked down then shot and captured Walters, and scattered his gang from their hideout, killing another gang member in the process. George Scarborough is noted for having killed outlaw and former lawman John Selman, killer of John Wesley Hardin.
Walters was convicted of his crimes, and sentenced to life in prison. Wells Fargo never recovered the stolen loot, which led to the legend. Walters was released from prison in 1917, and although it is not known for certain, he is believed to have never returned to Solomonville, possibly because there was, in reality, no "lost treasure" to recover. He settled in Hachita, New Mexico, a small ranching community, where he worked as a wrangler. He died when he fell from a windmill while doing repairs, which is said to have been in 1933, although the year of his death has never been certain.

</doc>
<doc id="18714702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714702" title="New Mexico State Road 32">
New Mexico State Road 32

State Road 32 (NM 32) is a state highway in Catron County in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It is long, and stretches from Apache Creek in the south to Quemado in the north.
Route description.
Much of State Road 32 runs through the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest. Its southern terminus is at an intersection with State Road 12 in the community of Apache Creek. From there, the road heads north, winding through the Gallo Mountains, before reaching its northern terminus in the town of Quemado at in intersection with U.S. Route 60.
History.
When the state highways were first posted in the early 20th century, State Route 32 was originally much longer, extending as far north as Shiprock. When the U.S. Highway System was established in 1926, much of this route was taken over by U.S. Route 666 (now U.S. Route 491). What is now State Road 32 is a remnant of the former route that was not renumbered as a U.S. Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="18714705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714705" title="Charlie Mungulda">
Charlie Mungulda

Charlie Mungulda of Northern Territory, Australia, is the last native speaker of the Amurdag language.

</doc>
<doc id="18714715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714715" title="Tao Yujia">
Tao Yujia

Tao Yujia (born 16 February 1987 in Jiujiang, Jiangxi) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. Her personal best time is 11.37 seconds, achieved in July 2011 in Nanjing.
Tao represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing competing at the 4x100 metres relay together with Wang Jing, Jiang Lan and Qin Wangping. In their first round heat they placed fourth behind Jamaica, Russia and Germany. Their time of 43.78 seconds was the tenth time overall out of sixteen participating nations. With this result they failed to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="18714722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714722" title="Kristina Kanders">
Kristina Kanders

Kristina Kanders (* 1962, Cologne) is a German drummer, composer and singer. She is the daughter of German soprano Agnes Giebel.
Background.
Kristina Kanders went 1987 to New York City to study music (1992 Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in Music, Jazz & Contemporary Music Program, New School University, 1997 Master of Arts Degree in Music, Aaron Copland School of Music, Queens College)
From 1994 to 2005 she taught ear training, drum set and percussion at the New School University Jazz & Contemporary Music Program. In addition she worked from 1999 to 2005 as Acting Director of Academic Affairs for the Jazz & Contemporary Music Program.
In her New York years 1987 - 2005 Kristina Kanders performed in numerous concerts, festivals and radio broadcasts in the USA and Europe, among others with Cyro Baptista’s Beat the Donkey (Special guests: John Zorn, Marc Ribot, David Brosa und Cibo Mato), her own group Sambanditos, Kit McClure Big Band, Joe McGinty, Huevos Rancheiros, Boo Trundle, Maria Excommunikata, and many others.
2005 Kristina Kanders returned to Cologne and produces her own music. 2006-2009 she performed frequently on drums with Frank Köllges’ Adam Noidlt Missiles Orchestra. Since 2007 she has produced two solo albums "For All People" (2008) and "Say Something" (2010) and published several music videos on YouTube.
Reviews.
Kanders' music has been cited by various Cologne press

</doc>
<doc id="18714725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714725" title="Jealott's Hill">
Jealott's Hill

Jealott's Hill is a village in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies near on the A3095 road and is approximately north-east of Bracknell. It is home to Syngenta's largest R&D site in the world, and houses Europe's largest agricultural research greenhouse at 4,000 square metres. It currently employs around 800 people.
Jealott's Hill houses a 650 acre farm, which is a commercial farm run by Syngenta.

</doc>
<doc id="18714727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714727" title="Bruno Moritz">
Bruno Moritz

Bruno Moritz (born 1900, date of death unknown) was a German–Ecuadorian chess master.
He won at Kulmbach 1920, tied for 3rd-4th at Munich 1920, shared 1st at Bad Oeynhausen 1922 ("Hauptturnier B"), took 10th at Frankfurt 1923 (the 23rd DSB Congress, Ernst Grünfeld won), took 12th at Breslau 1925 (the 24th DSB-Congress, Efim Bogoljubow won), took 12th at Vienna 1926 (DSV-Kongress won by Karl Gilg and Heinrich Wagner), won at Stargard 1926, shared 2nd, behind Fritz Sämisch, at Stettin 1930, took 13th at Swinemünde 1931 (the 27th DSB-Congress, Bogoljubow and Ludwig Rödl won), and tied for 6-7th at Swinemünde 1932 (Gösta Stoltz won). 
In the 1930s, he emigrated from Germany because of Nazi policy.
Moritz played for Germany in 2nd unofficial Chess Olympiad at Budapest 1926, and for Ecuador in the 16th Chess Olympiad at Tel Aviv 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18714732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714732" title="Han Ling">
Han Ling

Han Ling (born 27 October 1985 in Nanning, Guangxi) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 200 metres. 
At the 2006 Asian Games she finished fourth in the 200 metres, won a gold medal in the 4x100m relay and a bronze medal in the 4 x 400m relay.
She represented her country in the 4 x 400 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She won the relay gold medal for Guangxi at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009.
Han has also competed in the 60 metres, having finished fourth at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games and won the silver medal behind compatriot Jiang Lan at the 2010 Asian Indoor Athletics Championships.
Her personal best time is 23.41 seconds, achieved in August 2006 in Shijiazhuang. In the 100 metres she has 11.96 seconds, achieved in June 2006 in Korat.

</doc>
<doc id="18714745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714745" title="The Curse of Sherwood">
The Curse of Sherwood

The Curse of Sherwood is a computer adventure game published in 1987 for the Amstrad, Spectrum and Commodore 64 home computers.
In the game the player plays as Friar Tuck, who must fight against the forces of Sagalia, which have taken over Sherwood Forest. Friar Tuck uses different items to fight the various spirits and characters.

</doc>
<doc id="18714749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714749" title="List of Wells Fargo presidents">
List of Wells Fargo presidents

The List of Wells Fargo presidents includes those persons who have served as President of Wells Fargo since 1852. It includes the presidents of the express mail company from 1852 to 1918 and of the Wells Fargo Bank, which was separated from the express company in 1905 and merged with the Nevada National Bank to form the Wells Fargo Nevada National Bank - the lineal ancestor of the present Wells Fargo Bank. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714752" title="Uwe Jähnig">
Uwe Jähnig

Uwe Jähnig (born 26 August 1969) is a German former footballer. He played for Dynamo Dresden in the DDR-Oberliga and the Bundesliga, before joining Hamburger SV in 1995, along with team-mate Sven Kmetsch. He was forced to retire in 1997, due to injury.

</doc>
<doc id="18714773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714773" title="Leeson Ah Mau">
Leeson Ah Mau

Leeson Ah Mau (born 20 December 1989) is a New Zealand rugby league player in the National Rugby League (NRL). He is signed to play for the St George Illawarra Dragons in 2012, having previously played in the NRL for the North Queensland Cowboys and the New Zealand Warriors. He is a forward. He is the brother of Isaak Ah Mau. He is of Samoan descent.
Early years.
Ah Mau was educated at De La Salle College and started his rugby league career with the Papatoetoe Panthers. He later moved to Otahuhu and played in Auckland Rugby League competitions. As a member of Otahuhu, Ah Mau played for the Tamaki Titans in the Bartercard Cup.
Ah Mau played for the Junior Kiwis in 2006 and the New Zealand under-18 side in 2007.
New Zealand Warriors.
Ah Mau was signed to a developmental contract with the Warriors in 2007. During his first year with the club he played 18 games in the NSWRL Premier League for the Auckland Lions. In 2008 he played in the inaugural season of the Toyota Cup, making 22 appearances for the Junior Warriors. He finished his Toyota Cup career with 40 appearances, 9 tries and 1 goal.
He made his first grade debut for the Warriors in their 2009 Round One match against the Parramatta Eels. However, after suffering a hamstring injury, Ah Mau did not play first grade again in 2009. His contract was not renewed for the 2010 season, and he signed with the North Queensland Cowboys.
North Queensland Cowboys.
Leeson made his first grade debut for the North Queensland Cowboys on 3 April 2010 against the Gold Coast Titans. He went on to be named the Cowboys' rookie of the year for the 2010 season, having made 18 first-grade appearances. He played in a further 15 NRL matches in the 2011 season, 12 of which were as an interchange player. His brother Isaak made five appearances for the Cowboys over the same two seasons.
St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Ah Mau has signed with the St. George Illawarra Dragons for the 2012 season and resigned till 2015. He currently plays for the Illawara Cutters in the NSW Cup.
In October 2013, Leeson was selected for Samoa to participate in their 2013 Rugby League World Cup campaign. Leeson made his debut against New Zealand in Samoa's opening game. He would make one more appearance, and it would be in Samoas next game against Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="18714776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714776" title="Chen Jingwen">
Chen Jingwen

Chen Jingwen (born 4 February 1990 in Guangzhou) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
She represented her country in the 4x400 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics but finished last in the heats. She went on to have a run of success in Asian competitions in 2009: she won the 400 m bronze and relay gold at the 11th Chinese National Games, won individual gold at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games, took a relay gold at the 2009 Asian Athletics Championships and beat compatriot Tang Xiaoyin to the gold medal at the 2009 East Asian Games.
Her personal best time is 52.18 seconds, achieved in November 2006 in Foshan. In the 200 metres she has 23.91 seconds, achieved in the same time and place.

</doc>
<doc id="18714781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714781" title="Stan Seymour, Jr.">
Stan Seymour, Jr.

Stan Seymour, Jr. was a former chairman of Newcastle United and the son of Stan Seymour, Sr.
Seymour, Jr.'s father played for Newcastle United and then joined the board of directors after the Second World War. He was also manager of the club with the Directors Committee from 1938–58 during three spells and at the helm when they won the FA Cup in 1951 and 1952.
On behalf of his father's success, Seymour, Jr. went on to the board of directors. By 1981 Newcastle United were heavily in debt, crowds were at an all-time low and the future looked very bleak. Arthur Cox had been brought in as manager but was having a tough time with the cash-strapped club, which was stuck in the second division under the unpopular chairmanship of Bob Rutherford, who was widely seen as being a puppet for the previous chairman, long-serving director Lord Westwood. Early in that year, the directors came up with a plan whereby they would donate £13,000 each to the club in order to get it out of debt. However, Westwood refused to go along with the plan and resigned from the board. This left Rutherford without any allies, and the remaining board members unanimously demanded that he resign, which he did.
In March 1981, after a board reshuffle, Seymour, Jr. emerged as the new chairman and immediately addressed United's shambolic finances. The first move was to slap an immediate spending freeze on manager Arthur Cox, at the same time shutting out a possible takeover bid by ambitious millionaire Ernie Clay.
Then, in August 1982, Newcastle United announced a coup which astounded the footballing world, the first arrival of the player Kevin Keegan on Tyneside. Geordies went crazy when the then England skipper flew into Newcastle Airport. Keegan's £100,000 transfer fee from Southampton, which was found thanks to the help of Newcastle Breweries, transformed Arthur Cox's team into a winning formula, one that eventually took the club back to the First Division. In deals which eventually brought spending to £275,000 Keegan, Terry McDermott and David McCreery all arrived on Tyneside. With Peter Beardsley and Chris Waddle complementing Keegan as the Newcastle United spearhead, crowds in the ground reached an average of 30,000.
United gained promotion in 1984 with Keegan retiring after the last match of the season and Arthur Cox resigning amid a contract row. Newcastle United now struggled on with a succession of managers, including Jack Charlton. Eventually the boardroom revolution steered by Sir John Hall removed Seymour, Jr. from his position as chairman. He eventually became president of the club.
He died in 1992 at Birmingham after attending a Newcastle United fixture, which they won.

</doc>
<doc id="18714807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714807" title="Lawrence Hill, Berkshire">
Lawrence Hill, Berkshire

Lawrence Hill is a northern suburb of Bracknell in the English county of Berkshire. It stands within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies near to the A3095 road and is approximately north-east of Bracknell.

</doc>
<doc id="18714809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714809" title="Four Inch Course">
Four Inch Course

Four-Inch Course is a road-racing circuit first used for the 1908 Tourist Trophy Race for racing automobiles. The races were held on public roads closed for racing by an Act of Tynwald (the parliament of the Isle of Man). The name of the course derives from the regulations for the 1908 Tourist Trophy adopted by the Royal Automobile Club which limited the engines of the competing automobiles to a cylinder diameter of four inches. The Four-Inch Course was adopted by the Auto-Cycle Club for the 1911 Isle of Man TT Races. The Four-Inch Course was subsequently known as the Snaefell Mountain Course or Mountain Course when used for motor-cycle racing.
Four-Inch Course.
The new course was a length of 37.5 miles and was based on the 'Short' Highlands Course with the omission of the "Sandygate Loop" and the "Peel Loop." The start-line was moved from the road junction of the A2 Quarterbridge Road/Alexander Drive to Hillberry Corner on the A18 Mountain Road. 
The Four-Inch Course is based on a number of public roads in the Isle of Man closed for racing including the primary A18 Snaefell Mountain Road from the start-line at Hillberry Corner to the road junction with the primary A21 "Johnny Watterson Lane" and the tertiary C10 "Scholag Road" at Cronk-ny-Mona in the town of Douglas. The primary A21 "Johnny Watterson Lane" from Cronk-ny-Mona to the junction with the A22 Ballanard Road. The A22 Ballanard Road in an eastly direction to the road junction at St Ninian's Crossroads, the A2 Bray Hill and the A2 Quarterbridge Road in Douglas to the Quarterbridge. The A1 Douglas to Peel Road from the Quarterbridge to Ballacraine Corner with its junction with the A3 Castletown to Ramsey Road. The A3 Castletown to Ramsey Road from Ballacraine to Parliament Square, Ramsey. The A9 Albert Road in the town of Ramsey, including two small sections of private road with the northly junction of the primary A18 Snaefell Mountain Road. The A18 Mountain Road to the finish-line at Hillberry Corner.
The Four-Inch Course was adopted by the Auto-Cycle Club for the 1911 Isle of Man TT Races and the start-line moved to a level section of the Quarterbridge Road between Selborne Drive and the 1st Milestone/Alexander Drive and the circuit became known as the Snaefell Mountain Course when used for motor-cycle racing. For the 1920 Isle of Man TT Races, changes were made to the Snaefell Mountain Course and competitors now turned left at Cronk-ny-Mona and followed the primary A18 Bemahauge Road to Governor's Bridge with a new start/finish line on Glencrutchery Road which lengthened the course from the pre-World War I length of to . More changes to the course followed for the 1923 Isle of Man TT Races with the adoption of two small sections of private road between Parliament Square and May Hill in Ramsey. The Snaefell Mountain Course had previously negotiated the A2 Albert Road and Tower Road in Ramsey which differed from the original Four-Inch circuit which had incorporated these sections of private road and the new Mountain Course length increased to . The official course distance for the Snaefell Mountain Course was amended for the 1938 Isle of Man TTraces to which is the current Snaefell Mountain Course length.

</doc>
<doc id="18714824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714824" title="Xue Fei">
Xue Fei

Xue Fei (Chinese: 薛飞; Pinyin: Xuē Fēi; born 8 August 1989 in Shandong) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.
She won the 2006 World Junior Championships and the 2006 Asian Games. She also competed at the 2008 World Indoor Championships without reaching the final. She will represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18714840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714840" title="Moss End">
Moss End

Moss End is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, within the civil parish of Warfield.
The settlement lies on the A3095 road and is approximately north of Bracknell.

</doc>
<doc id="18714841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714841" title="Juan Gargurevich">
Juan Gargurevich

Juan Gargurevich (born 1934 in Mollendo, Peru) is a Croatian Peruvian journalist. He is the foremost historian of communication media in Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="18714851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714851" title="University of the Aegean">
University of the Aegean

The University of the Aegean () is a state, multi-campus university located in Lesvos, Chios, Samos, Rhodes, Syros and Lemnos, Greece. The university was officially founded in 1984, although its historical roots date back to the early 1920s, to the Ionian University of Smyrna ("Ex Oriente Lux", Light from the East) which while established never operated.
The University of the Aegean is a medium-sized university, one of the 24 state supervised and funded universities in Greece. It is an institution mandated to provide innovative and socially committed studies. The only higher education institution in the Greek state region of Northern Aegean Sea, it was founded on March 20th 1984, by the Presidential Act 83/1984 and its administrative headquarters are located in the town of Mytilene, on the island of Lesvos. As of 2012, approximately 12,000 active students are studying at the university, 9,700 in undergraduate programmes and 1,500 in postgraduate programmes. Furthermore the Teaching and Research Staff number 292 people (55 professors, 70 associate professors, 128 assistant professors, and 39 lecturers), the Scientific Teaching Staff number 99 and the Special Laboratory Teaching Staff 23 people. This is further supported by the 30 members of the Special Technical Laboratory Staff for teaching services and the 304 members of administrative staff.
The first Department to operate, in the academic year 1984-85, was the department of Business Administration, in the island of Chios. In the following year, the Department of Primary School Education, in Rhodes, and the Postgraduate Course on Environmental Studies began operating. At the end of the first five years of operation, the University comprises 7 departments and 1 postgraduate course, ""however, in 1997 a remarkable development was initiated by exploiting available funding opportunities"".
The university today comprises 5 schools and 16 departments offering undergraduate and post-graduate degrees programmes. This growth was based on the University’s belief that its sustainability could only be based on its potential to grow into a substantially large institute, initially in department numbers supporting its educational side and secondly in postgraduate courses in support of its research nature. In 2009 a new academic unit was created on the island of Lemnos.
The University of the Aegean, as all Universities in Greece, is a public university. As such, its educational activities and a small part of its research activities rely upon government funding. These activities are also supported by funds generated by the Research Unit, as well as by the University of the Aegean Property Management Corp. Research in the University is funded through participation in competitive national, European and international research and development programs.
History.
The large majority of the university's campuses is situated in the historical birthplaces of ancient and contemporary Greek philosophers and mathematicians such as Pythagoras and Theophrastus.
The foundations of the University of the Aegean date back to October 1918 when Greece had expanded its geographic borders to the wider Smyrna area after the World War I. At the time, Athens was the only major educational centre in the wider area and had limited capacity to sufficiently satisfy the growing educational need of the eastern part of the Aegean Sea and the Balkans. Professor Constantin Carathéodory who was a Professor at the University of Berlin at the time proposed the establishment of a new University - the difficulties regarding the establishment of a Greek university in Constantinople led him to consider three other cities: Thessaloniki, Chios and Smyrna. Despite the political turbulence of the era over the city of Smyrna, the famous mathematician constructed a "plan for the creation of a new University in Greece", named “Ionian University” on 20 October 1919. The city of Smyrna was the ancient center of the Ionian civilization along with the islands of Samos and Chios and had the distinct cultural heritage from great Greek philosophers and mathematicians such as Herodotus and Pythagoras, who was born in Samos.
Consequently, the Greek Government decided to materialize Carathéodory's vision and establish the Ionian University, based in Smyrna (today's city of İzmir, Turkey) on 1 December 1920. Constantin Carathéodory was the first dean of the university. His intellectual brilliance as well as his ability to unite many of the great academics of that time, resulted in the creation of a University which was comparable with some of Europe's oldest Universities. However, the Ionian University stopped its operations due to the Great Fire of Smyrna in 1922. The new Greek University in the broader area of the Southeast Mediterranean region, as originally envisioned by Carathéodory, finally materialised with the establishment of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki in 1925.
Academic Profile.
As described in its mandate, the University of the Aegean is a university which embodies a unique structure which combines campuses across six islands of the Aegean Sea. Its focus spans across a number of diverse disciplines - Environmental Studies, Mathematics, Sociology, Shipping and Educational Design.
Faculties & Departments.
The University of the Aegean consists of five schools and seventeen departments that, together with the technical and administration offices, form the five University Units based on six islands of the Aegean Sea - Lesvos, Chios, Rhodes, Samos, Rhodes, Syros and Lemnos . Students study the core subject of the Department in which they get admitted at, after the successful completion of the Panhellenic Examinations (Apolytirion). Bachelor of Science (Ptychion) courses range from 4 to 5 years and Master of Science courses range from 1 to 2 years.
Restructuring of Schools.
The Ministry of Education ("ATHENA" Reform Plan, 2013) restructured the university's schools and as of academic year 2013-2014 all departments are organised in the five existing schools – Humanities, Sciences, Business Studies, Social Studies and Environmental Studies.
"ATHENA" Reform Plan for Higher Education.
A university report presented by the Chancellor in the Greek parliament in late 2011 describes the current challenges faced by the institution due to economic hardship and the dispersion of its academic units in islands, which increases operational costs and adds considerable stress in the educational process.
The Ministry of Education is aiming to reform Higher Education programmes by 2014, a process which will result to a long term restructuring of the university's departments in the next decade. The university's Senate issued a formal response to the Ministry of Education's proposed plan in 2013.
Academic Evaluation.
HQAA Evaluation.
An external evaluation of all academic departments in Greek universities will be conducted by the Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (HQAA) in the following years. The internal evaluation process of every department will be organised by the Internal Quality Assurance Unit ("in greek: ΜοΔιΠ") of the university.
Reputation.
Since the founding of the university the main subjects of education and research were Environmental Studies, Business Administration, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics and it is considered one of the pioneers in Greece for offering ""non-traditional, multidisciplinary"" courses. The university is associated with the Hellenic Actuarial Society as well as the Groupe Consultatif Actuariel Européen
The university forms part of the 30 higher education institutions in Greece. In 2007, a research survey ranked the university as 9th -and 5th amongst the largest institutions- in research citations per (permanent) academic capita in Greece, for the period of 2002-2007. It was also ranked 6th overall in Greece (and 769th in the world) by CSIC, a public research body in Spain. The University’s curricula have been developed to meet the requirements of the global academia, modern business and EU’s educational standards. Students are awarded degrees which fully comply with the ECTS standard, which enables them to undertake international study programmes. The school is linked with a number of world’s leading partner institutions and it has well-developed teacher and student mobility programs. During the evaluation of the university by the European University Association in 2005, it was acknowledged that the university had an "impressive" research output.
The evaluation also highlights the university's serious shortcomings ""while it is undoubtedly the case that all universities are handicapped by the effects of this State interference, the impact at the University of the Aegean is particularly great because of its multi-island structure. It was also apparent that there are insufficient permanent staff overall, and indeed that many of the permanent academic staff are not in a position where they are able to concentrate full-time on their work within the university. The average amount of academic staff travel raises some serious concerns. Indeed all the academic staff are obliged to make difficult choices in their professional and personal lives which entail either accepting a lower standard of living in order to remain on the islands, or juggling life between a city and islands."".
Despite the "impressive output" the lack of strategic design and effective prioritisation in research activities was evident at the time, the notable remark being that ""research seems to be driven by the interests of individual academics, and more by accident than institutional design will it address priority issues for the institution or region"".
Expansion Plans.
The University is currently expanding its operations across its island network with the addition of the University of the Aegean, Medical School which has already been proposed to the Greek Senate. In 2009, the Department of Food & Nutrition Science opened its doors to students for the first time since its establishment in 2007.
During the fall semester of 2012 a number of administrative employees were laid off as a result of downsizing policy in the public sector. The main administrative body issued an official statement of protest.
Research.
Permanent Chairs and general research staff amount to approximately 500 (55 professors, 70 associate professors, 128 assistant professors, and 39 lecturers). Supported by a further 100 scientific teaching staff and 53 teaching assistants within the Special Technical Laboratory servicing the academic chairs with Knowledge Management related affairs. There is also a further 304 members of administrative and student affairs staff .
The University of the Aegean has organised and implemented 90 research laboratories with activities into the following research areas:
Notably the International Conference on Advances in Applied Financial Economics has been traditionally co-organized by the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens, the University of the Aegean (Department of Statistics & Actuarial-Financial Mathematics), the University of Piraeus, and the Research and Training Institute of the East Aegean (INEAG). The University is also very active in the space of Summer Schools. In June 2010 (29/6-2/7/2010) the Summer School “Enterprise Risk Management for Actuaries” was co-organized by the Department of Statistics and Actuarial – Financial Mathematics of the University of the Aegean, the Hellenic Actuarial Society and the Groupe Consultative Actuarial Européen. Recently (2009) the University of the Aegean (School of Humanities) was awarded from the European Foundation for Quality in e-Learning (UNIQUE) with the award of "Excellence" in the use of new technologies. The University’s lecturers actively participate in the work of international research networks and groups, as well as European and Global research projects. They also deliver guest lectures at universities abroad.
The University of the Aegean Summer Schools.
Committed to its mandate at the frontiers of research with strong interdisciplinary perspectives the University launched the "UoA Summer Schools" in 2012 within the fields of Humanities, Social Sciences, Environment, Science, and Business.
Academic Affiliations.
The university has established academic relationships with external research institutions and organizations. 
"The university also participates in the Erasmus EU Student Exchange Programme, in agreement with 150 universities across Europe".
Library.
The University of Aegean library was founded in 1984 and it has ever since experienced modernization and ample development of its IT infrastructure, partly financed by EU programmes. Today it covers all aspects of automation, including OPAC, SDI, acquisitions, bar-code-based lending, etc., and uses the integrated library automation system Equilibrium-Libreto. 
The library comprises more than 100,000 book titles, and more than 1,000 printed academic journal titles covering areas of Economics, International and European Economic Studies, Business Administration, Management Science and Marketing, Informatics, Statistics, Accounting and Finance, and Management and Technology.
The library also offers the majority of Official Academic Journals in full text, bibliographical databases of the Official Publications of the EU, statistical data on the imports and exports of the member-states of the EU.
The library offers daily business magazines and journals in the areas of economics and business. The library subscribes over 1,000 electronic journals through all the major electronic search engines (EBSCO, Elsevier's Sciencedirect, Springer's Link, JSTOR, MCB, WilsonWeb, Blackwell publishing, Oxford University Press, Wiley InterScience, Cambridge Journals Online).
Electronic access to the subscribed journals can be performed from any computer connected to the University intranet or irrespective of location, through dial-up, which is available 24 hours a day 7 days a week. What is more, the library offers access to local data as well as the OECD database including data, analyses and forecasts.
Student Communities.
There are several academic, cultural and athletic groups active in all islands/university units.

</doc>
<doc id="18714853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714853" title="Netan Sansara">
Netan Sansara

Netan Nico Sansara (born 3 August 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a defender.
He has previously played for Walsall, Dundee, AFC Telford United, Corby Town, PAEEK and FC Vestsjælland.
Early life.
Sansara was born in Walsall. He grew up in the Darlaston area, playing for his local team Darlaston Town. As a child he attended Pinfold Street Primary School and Darlaston Community Science College School, he played for all school football teams. He also represented his county, the Staffordshire district. During his time in the Walsall youth team Sansara completed A levels in Psychology, Physical Education and Biology.
Club career.
Walsall.
Sansara made his Walsall debut on 9 August 2008 in the Football League One game with Yeovil Town which ended in a 1–1 draw. Having come through the youth ranks at Walsall, he was handed a professional contract at the age of 17, by then Walsall manager Richard Money, after impressing him during youth team and reserve team games. Sansara made his professional debut the following season by newly appointed Walsall manager Jimmy Mullen against Yeovil Town. He said, "I thought he did well. But he's played well against Aston Villa and Wolves in pre-season, as well as other teams when Boertien wasn't available. I've given him his debut and he'll look back when he's 35 and say 'Jimmy Mullen gave me an opportunity'. He might even thank me one day! But I thought he was excellent – very good."
At the start of the 2009–10 season, Sansara was handed the squad number three, by manager Chris Hutchings. However, during a pre-season friendly in July 2010 against Wolverhampton Wanderers, Sansara's progress was halted due to an ankle ligament injury sustained in a tackle with Greg Halford. He made a return to action for his first start away at Colchester United in October 2009. The Saddlers lost 2–1.
Sansara went on to make another 19 appearances during the 2009–10 season.
Dundee, AFC Telford and Corby.
The start of August 2010, saw Sansara make five appearances for Dundee in the Scottish First Division. Following his release by Dundee in October he joined Grimsby Town on trial but failed to earn a deal and joined AFC Telford United on a non-contract basis deal. He left the club without making an appearance and finished the season with Corby Town.
PAEEK.
In July 2011, it had been announced that Sansara had signed for Cypriot side PAEEK. It had been revealed that Sansara had also received other offers during the summer but was to have been quoted stating he thought this move was the best for the development of his career.
On 17 September 2011, in the opening game of the season, Sansara made his debut for PAEEK. He completed the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 win over Ethnikos Assia.
In December 2011 it was announced that Sansara was offered a new deal by PAEEK after a string of impressive displays in defence for the Cypriot side.
Sansara helped PAEEK to finish in fourth place. He made 26 appearances out of 27, missing only one game through suspension after picking up five bookings. His performances for PAEEK saw him shortlisted for the Player of the Year award at the inaugural Asian Football Awards, which took place at Wembley Stadium in January 2012. Sansara was offered a new contract in Dec 2011 and was said to be considering his options at the end of the 2011–12 campaign.
FC Vestsjælland.
In July 2012 it was announced that Sansara had joined Danish First Division club FC Vestsjælland after rejecting a new two-year contract offered by former Cypriot club PAEEK. Sansara signed a one-year deal with the Danish club. On 8 August, Sansara made his FC Vestsjælland debut against Hobro IK, playing the full 90 minutes. The game ended in a 1–1 draw.
Boston United.
In June 2013 Sansara turned down the chance to return to FC Vestsjælland after helping them win promotion to the Danish superliga. In July 2013 Sansara joined Conference North side Boston United.
International career.
Sansara has represented England youth at under-18 and under-19 level, earning three caps. He made his England debut against Holland at Yeovil's Huish Park. He then went on to earn another two caps at international level for England, once with the under-18's and his last coming for the under-19's.
Sansara is of Indian origin. Sansara got his first international call-up for India for a warm-up to a FIFA World Cup qualifier against Qatar.
Personal life.
Sansara worked with the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) to try to increase the number of British Asians taking up a career in professional football, and has attended meetings with the PFA to achieve this goal.
He is also an ambassador for Kick It Out (Lets Kick Racism Out of Football), when appointed Sansara was quoted "I have been working closely with the Kick It Out campaign for a while now, and I look forward to continuing to assist the work. I hope to act as a role model to the next generation of young British Asian talent."
In January 2012, Sansara was nominated for the Asian player of the year award 2012 at the Asian Football Awards. The event held at Wembley stadium and supported by Kick It Out (Lets Kick Racism Out Of Football) and The Football Association. He was nominated alongside players such as Zesh Rehman and Michael Chopra.
In May 2013 Sansara was crown the British Indian Awards sports personality of the year after a season with Danish team FC Vestsjælland. Sansara beat England cricketers Ravi Bopara and Monty Panesar to the award.

</doc>
<doc id="18714859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714859" title="Feliciano Chiclana">
Feliciano Chiclana

Feliciano Antonio Chiclana (Buenos Aires, June 9, 1761 – Buenos Aires, September 17, 1826) was an Argentine lawyer, soldier, and judge.
Biography.
Feliciano Chiclana studied at the Colegio de San Carlos. In 1783 he attained a law degree from the Universidad de Chile. After returning to Buenos Aires in 1791 he became secretary to the mayor of the Buenos Aires Cabildo. During the British invasions of the Río de la Plata in 1806 he fought as captain of the 1st Patricians' Infantry Regiment. After the reconquest of the city he joined the party of general Cornelio Saavedra.
In 1810, he helped on the planning for the May Revolution as legal counsel to the Cabildo. He was part of the group of moderates which wanted the Cabildo to assume command of the government during the Napoleonic invasion of Spain to later return it to the Spanish Crown. He therefore voted on May 22, 1810 to depose the viceroy.
The Primera Junta named him comptroller of the Auxiliary Army of Upper Peru with the rank of colonel. In August 1810 he was named governor of Salta Province, which at the time also encompassed present-day Jujuy Province. In November 1810 he received orders from Buenos Aires to leave that post and occupy the new post of governor of Potosí.
Returning later to Buenos Aires, he was part of the First Triumvirate, along with Juan José Paso and Manuel de Sarratea in 1811. He was a triumvir until October 8, 1812, when he was deposed.
In November 1812 he was again named governor of Salta, where he worked closely with Manuel Belgrano during the second Upper Peru campaign. He reported to the government of Buenos Aires that the people of Salta flied the modern flag of Argentina at the third commemoration of the May Revolution. He stayed on the post until October 26, 1813, when he was succeeded by Francisco Fernández de la Cruz.
Between 1814 and 1816 he was in charge of provisioning for the Auxiliary Army of Upper Peru; returning afterwards to Buenos Aires.
In 1817 he was opposed politically to the Supreme director Juan Martín de Pueyrredón, which made him eave to exile in Baltimore, United States of America.
Having been able to return to Argentina in 1818, he was then exiled again, this time to Mendoza, but due to illness he did not make the trip. In 1819, replaced in his rank of colonel, he accomplished what was to be his last mission: to negotiate peace with the Ranquel native tribe, which whom he signed a treaty. He retired from the army in 1822 and died in Buenos Aires in September 1826. He was interred in the La Recoleta Cemetery in Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="18714893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714893" title="Intertech">
Intertech

Founded in 1991, Intertech is the largest combined software developer training company and research-supported consulting firm in Minnesota. Tom Salonek, Intertech's Founder, was listed in Fortune Magazine's "40 under 40". Intertech designs and develops software solutions for Fortune 500 businesses, mid-sized companies and state and local governments.
With a broad range of courses, Intertech has become the leading software development training company in the Twin Cities and upper Midwest. Intertech instructors develop their own curriculum and work side by side with a successful consulting division to form a complete picture for students. Intertech's Andrew Troelsen has published multiple books on .NET.
Partners and alliances.
Intertech is a Managed Microsoft Partner.
Awards.
Intertech has been featured in stories in "Fortune Small Business", "Forbes", "The Business Journal", "Twin Cities Business Monthly", "Upsize", "Ventures", "Star Tribune", "St. Paul Pioneer Press", and "Inc". Six times, Intertech was chosen as one of the Best Places to Work in Minnesota. Intertech frequently is listed in “fast growth,” “top,” and “best” lists including:
2008 PCI Entrex, Top Growth Firm in 2008 Q4. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714898" title="DFJ Frontier">
DFJ Frontier

DFJ Frontier is an American venture capital firm with offices in Los Angeles, Sacramento, and Santa Barbara, California as well as Portland, Oregon. The firm invests in seed and early stage technology companies on the west coast, initially funding companies with between $100,000 and $1 million. The firm has approximately $80 million under management in two funds, DFJ Frontier Fund I, LP ($25.6 million, 2003 vintage) and DFJ Frontier Fund II, LP ($55.4 million, 2007 vintage). DFJ Frontier typically leads the first round of investment, with one of its partners serving on the board of the portfolio company. 
DFJ Frontier is a network partner of the DFJ Network and DFJ. DFJ is based in Menlo Park, California with affiliate offices in more than 30 cities around the world and over $5 billion in capital commitments. These 17 individually structured venture capital firms form a network with over 150 investment professionals. Notable DFJ Network investments include AdMob (acquired by Google), Baidu, Hotmail (acquired by Microsoft), Overture (acquired by Yahoo), Skype (acquired by eBay), and MaxPreps (acquired by CBS Sports).
DFJ Frontier was founded in 2002 by Managing Directors David Cremin and Scott Lenet, former entrepreneurs and venture capitalists. Frank Foster joined as a venture partner in 2003, becoming a managing director in 2007. The firm’s venture partners include Jim Schraith, Oleg Kaganovich, Brian Danella, Eric Rosenfeld, and Tony Perkins.
Investment Criteria.
Stage: DFJ Frontier invests in seed (yet to complete product development) and early-stage (product development complete, may have launched) companies. 
Geography: DFJ Frontier invests in companies on the west coast of the United States. 
Industry Sector: Information technology, internet, media, life sciences, and other.
Business Model Characteristics: DFJ Frontier favors investments with recurring revenue characteristics, defensibility from competition, and extensibility into new markets, products, and geographies.
Entrepreneurial Education.
The partners at DFJ Frontier have developed curriculum to teach entrepreneurship and venture capital to MBAs, PhDs, post-doctoral students, and undergraduates. DFJ Frontier investment professionals have served as adjunct professors at UC Davis, UC Santa Barbara, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, and University of Southern California; and co-founded the Center for Entrepreneurship at UC Davis. The firm has run entrepreneurship academies or guest lectured at Stanford University, Harvard University, The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, UCLA, University of Michigan, Portland State University, University of Oregon, Oregon State University, Oregon Health & Science University, University of Edinburgh, Royal Institute of Technology (Stockholm, Sweden), CSU Fresno, CSU Sacramento, and Humboldt State University.
The firm's professionals author a byline called "Something Ventured" to educate entrepreneurs about venture capital. The column has appeared in the Sacramento Business Journal.
Portfolio.
DFJ Frontier has provided venture capital for the following companies:

</doc>
<doc id="18714905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714905" title="Popeswood">
Popeswood

Popeswood is a village in Berkshire, England, near Bracknell. The village is within the civil parish of Binfield approximately west of Bracknell. The main part of Popeswood lies north of the B3408 west of Temple Park and south of Binfield village, with a smaller section south of the B3408 between Amen Corner and Farley Wood.
It is named after the poet Alexander Pope who lived in Popes Manor, then called Whitehill House, between 1700 and 1715. More information on Pope's time in the area can be found in the Binfield article. Nearby Pope's Meadow is a countryside park that offers recreational facilities with open grassland, ponds, copse and veteran oak trees.
Newbold College, a Seventh-day Adventist college, is located within Popeswood. Nearby are St. Mark's Church and The Roebuck public house.
Along London Road, the B3408, there is a post office, garage and a number of small businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="18714914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714914" title="He Pan">
He Pan

He Pan (born 1 May 1988 in Liaoning) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres event. She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18714932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714932" title="Human Rights Publishers">
Human Rights Publishers

Human Rights Publishers is an international publishing group, founded in 2004 by three organizations: Human Rights Publishers, Prague; "Izdatelstvo Prava Cheloveka", Moscow; and Izhevsk-based NGO «"Redaktsiya zhurnala Pravozaschitnik"» (Human Rights Defender journal).

</doc>
<doc id="18714949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714949" title="A Panther in the Basement">
A Panther in the Basement

Panther in the Basement is a 1998 novel by Israeli author Amos Oz. 
Plot.
Oz's reminiscent novel describes the doings of a twelve-year-old boy in 1947, the last year of the British Mandate of Palestine, during the British–Zionist conflict. Young Proffy has organized a pro-Israel underground cell that proposes to blow up Buckingham Palace or perhaps 10 Downing Street. These heroic dreams are no danger to anybody, but Proffy's friendship with a kindly British soldier causes his two fellow panthers to accuse him of treason.
Film.
The film "The Little Traitor" (2007), starring Alfred Molina, is based on the book. 

</doc>
<doc id="18714954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714954" title="Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1959–1962">
Members of the South Australian House of Assembly, 1959–1962

This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1959 to 1962, as elected at the 1959 state election:

</doc>
<doc id="18714966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714966" title="Bai Xue">
Bai Xue

Bai Xue (; name means "White Snow"; born 15 December 1988 in Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres.
Career.
Bai won both the 5000 and the 10,000 metres at the 2005 Asian Championships, and finished fourth in 10,000 m at the 2006 World Junior Championships. She finished twenty-first in the 10,000 metres at the Olympic Games. She won the Beijing Marathon in 2008.
2009 World Championships.
The Berlin 2009 Marathon event was Bai's first time to take part in World Championships and only second time to take part in an international marathon. She won the 2009 World Championships Women's Marathon gold medal becoming the youngest ever women's world marathon champion at the age of 20. Bai pulled away from Japan's Yoshimi Ozaki in the last kilometer to finish the 42.195 km race in two hours 25 minutes and 15 seconds. Ozaki took silver in 2:25:25 and Aselefech Mergia of Ethiopia finished third in 2:25:32. Bai's teammate Zhou Chunxiu, silver winner in Osaka 2007 and bronze medalist in the 2008 Summer Olympics, was fourth in 2:25:39. Another two Chinese runners Zhu Xiaolin, fourth finisher in Osaka, and Sun Weiwei, finished fifth in 2:26:08 and 2:29:39 respectively.
Bai Xue became the first Chinese athlete to win a marathon race at the World Championships. It was also the first gold medal for China in event in Berlin, taking its medal tally to 1-1-2. And it was also the first gold in 10 years for Chinese women athletes' at the world championships. Liu Hongyu won the last gold medal in the women's 10 km walk in Seville 1999. She is also the second Chinese to win a major international marathon after Zhou Chunxiu, who took the London Marathon title in 2007. She returned to China after the championships and defended her title at the Beijing Marathon, beating young national opposition in Zhang Xin and Zhu Xiaoling.
She continued her good form at the 11th Chinese National Games a few weeks later, setting a 10,000 m personal best on the way to winning the gold medal. At the 2010 London Marathon, she was in contention for much of race but fell away at the 30 km point, ending up in seventh place with a run of 2:25:18.
Personal bests.
Her personal best times are:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18714983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714983" title="Momlogic">
Momlogic

Momlogic.com is an American parenting website launched by Telepictures Productions and Warner Bros. Television in November 2007. In July 2008, momlogic.com was named the most influential parent-focused blog overall by "PR Week".

</doc>
<doc id="18714987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714987" title="Kenyan cricket team in Ireland in 2008">
Kenyan cricket team in Ireland in 2008

The Kenya national cricket team toured Ireland in 2008. They played three One Day Internationals against Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="18714988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714988" title="Our Man in Jamaica">
Our Man in Jamaica

Our Man in Jamaica/Operation Jamaica () is an 1965 Italian Spanish international co-production Eurospy adventure film directed by Mel Welles but credited to Ernst R. von Theumer for reasons of European funding.
Plot.
The FBI sends agents to Jamaica to investigate arms smuggling to revolutionaries in Santo Domingo.

</doc>
<doc id="18714990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714990" title="Josh Craddock">
Josh Craddock

Joshua Glynn Craddock (born 5 March 1991) in Wolverhampton) is a footballer, who currently plays for Rushall Olympic F.C..
Career.
Craddock started his senior career in the Football League for Walsall. He made his debut on 3 May 2008 as a substitute in the Football League One clash with Hartlepool United which finished as a 2–2 draw.
In August 2009, Walsall confirmed that Craddock had chosen to leave professional football and go to study at University full-time. The club retain his registration. After leaving Walsall, Craddock spent time with Halesowen Town before joining Hednesford Town in February 2010. He joined in August 2010 to Non League side Stourbridge F.C. and in July 2012 to Rushall Olympic F.C..

</doc>
<doc id="18714994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714994" title="Dong Xiaoqin">
Dong Xiaoqin

Dong Xiaoqin (born 2 January 1983 in Lintao County, Dingxi, Gansu) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres. 
She finished twenty-eighth in the 10,000 metres at the Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18714996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18714996" title="Draper Triangle">
Draper Triangle

Draper Triangle Ventures is the Midwest-based Network Partner of Draper Fisher Jurvetson and serves high-technology start-up companies in the Pennsylvania, Ohio and Midwest region.
Benefits.
Through the DFJ Network, Draper Triangle partners have access to benefits afforded by the cooperation of 16 Network funds on 4 continents, more than 140 investment professionals in 30 offices, approximately $7 billion under management, extensive resources, and the global reach of powerful relationships around the world.
Early role.
In the majority of cases, Draper Triangle will be the lead investor for a company's first round of financing. Draper Triangle's role is to help entrepreneurs achieve their maximum potential through team building, partnership, advice, and support, as well as investments. There is a tremendous need for venture capital investing in the Midwest, where technology is flourishing. By pursuing a people-focused approach to venture capital investing, Draper Triangle aims to fund entrepreneurs with the energy, vision, experience and desire to build great companies.
Later role.
A regional focus and presence is critical to success in seed and early stage investing. Seed and early stage companies are often pre-product, pre-customer and pre-revenue. It is necessary for successful seed and early stage investors to work actively with their portfolio companies in building management teams, defining product and market strategy and assisting in financing and fund raising. To be most effective in this role, it is important for the investor to have a regional presence in order to be near the portfolio company and become actively engaged with the company.

</doc>
<doc id="18715009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715009" title="Alexander F. Cameron">
Alexander F. Cameron

Alexander Fisher Cameron (October 13, 1860 – November 24, 1943) was a merchant, lumberman and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1894 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was educated at the Commercial College in Halifax. In 1882, he married Edith J. Fraser. He served on the municipal council and was warden for Saint Mary's, Guysborough County. He died due to heart disease in 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="18715027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715027" title="R41">
R41

R41 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18715036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715036" title="Leeds Met Students' Union">
Leeds Met Students' Union

Leeds Metropolitan Students' Union is the university-wide representative body for students at Leeds Metropolitan University, England. It exists to represent Leeds Met students in University decision-making, to act as the voice of students in the national higher education policy debate, and to provide direct services to the student body. In 2012 it was voted the second best Students' Union in the city of Leeds after Leeds University Union. In fact, the 2012 Students' Union survey ranked Leeds Metropolitan University Student Union as 39th best Student Union in the UK.
Facilities.
The union on the City Campus has an independent advice centre for students and a bar "The Met Bar" which contains two live music venues called "The Stage" which has played host to numerous bands including Coldplay, The Libertines, Theory of a Deadman and The Zutons, and Stage 2.
The Headingley campus also has its own bar called "The Union".
Union Venues.
The Met Bar.
The Met Bar is the Student Union's flagship bar based in the City Campus. It has a 400+ capacity bar and canteen which serves a variety of food. Regular events are held in the venue such as "Time Out Tuesdays", a societies night and "Fank Thuck it's Friday!" on Fridays. The Bar also hosts FUEL, the biggest alternative club night in Leeds which regularly sells out.
The Union.
Previously known as Beckett's bar The Union is the Students' Union bar based on the Headingley campus. The bar is open throughout the week and available for hire at weekends. It plays host to Sports Team Socials on Wednesday nights.
Student Activities.
The Students' Union has a range of activities to get involved with. There are numerous societies that any member of the Union can join and these range from Religious and Cultural groups to the My Little Pony Club and Poker Society. The Students' Union also offers a wide variety of volunteering opportunities that students can take advantage of, which is organised through "CALM" (Community Action at Leeds Met).
The Students' Union also has an active LGBT (lesbian gay bi & trans) society. Leeds Met LGBT society has hosted numerous events in the city and on campus including the well known Controversy week of March 2009 (which featured events focusing on bi-phobia, Transman, non-binary gender model, sexual liberation and Intersex). The LGBT society has its own website leedslgbtstudents.co.uk
The Students' Union also has an active Islamic Society. Leeds Met Islamic Society hosts a number of events in the city campus and at headingley, including Charity Week, the aim of which is to raise as much money as possible to help needy children around the world. Leeds Met Islamic Society has its own website leedsmetisoc.com
Athletic Union.
The Athletic Union is separate to the Leeds Met Students' Union but maintains historically close links. Leeds Met regularly features well in the fixtures of university sports in the UK. Varsity fixtures between Leeds Met and Leeds University prove to be highly popular and competitive each year, with Leeds Met winning currently unbeaten overall.
The Executive.
The Executive Committee of Leeds Met Students' Union carries out the decisions of the Board of Trustees, General Meetings and Union Council. The Committee is composed of the sabbaticals each covering a specific area of the running of the Union and of the Student Experience.
Affiliations.
Leeds Met Students' Union is affiliated to the National Union of Students.

</doc>
<doc id="18715059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715059" title="Chen Rong (athlete)">
Chen Rong (athlete)

Chen Rong (born 18 May 1988 in Hebei) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon. She was selected to represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but did not compete.
Her first major victory in the marathon came in 2007, when she won at the Beijing International Marathon, setting a personal best time of 2:27:05. She won the Xiamen International Marathon in 2009 with a time of 2:29:52. Chen took her first win at the Dalian Marathon in 2010, completing the distance in 2:30:09. She was the runner-up at the Beijing Marathon later that year, making it a Chinese 1–2 with race winner Wang Jiali.
In 2011 she attempted to retain her title at the Dalian Marathon. Although she was beaten by Wang Jiali, she set a new personal best of 2:26:49 hours to take second place. She was selected for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics in Daegu as a result and gave her best international performance to date, finishing eleventh in a time of 2:31:11 hours. That September she ran a new best for the 10,000 metres, completing the distance in 31:39.77 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="18715075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715075" title="The Warren, Bracknell Forest">
The Warren, Bracknell Forest

The Warren is a suburban area in Berkshire, England, and a conurbation of Bracknell, adjacent to the large expanses of Swinley Forest, part of the Crown Estate. The Warren and the neighbouring suburb Martins Heron are after a Parliamentary Boundary review in the Bracknell constituency - until 2010 they were in the Windsor Constituency. It is in Harmans Water ward, which also includes parts of Bullbrook, and The Parks.
The settlement lies near to the Waterloo to Reading Line, and is served by Martins Heron railway station. The village is approximately south-east of Bracknell town centre.

</doc>
<doc id="18715094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715094" title="Kiami Davael">
Kiami Davael

Kiami Davael (born August 21, 1986 in Kentucky), sometimes credited as Kiami Davael Daugherty, is an American actress. She is known mostly for her debut role as Lavender in the fantasy film "Matilda" (1996).
Career.
One year following her appearance in "Matilda", she appeared as Simone Bien Aime in one episode of "The Pretender".
In 1998, Davael had a small role as Keeta in the short-lived television series "Conan the Adventurer" and guest starred as Lucy in an episode of the television series "Promised Land".
She had a small role as Anna in an episode of the situation-comedy television series "Moesha" in 1999, and since then has had minor roles in various other situation comedies including "The Steve Harvey Show", "In The House" and "Grown Ups".
Davael appeared in the comedy film "Bruno" (2000), directed by Shirley MacLaine, which marked her first appearance in a theatrically released film since her 1996 debut as well as being her last acting role to date.
Post-acting career.
Davael attended the University of Kentucky and graduated in 2008 with a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology. She lives in Atlanta, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="18715108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715108" title="Danford N. Barney">
Danford N. Barney

Danford Newton Barney (March 4, 1808 – March 8, 1874) was an American expressman who served as president of Wells Fargo & Company from 1853 to 1866.
Some writers have incorrectly rendered Barney's given name as "Danforth", but his brother Ashbel H. Barney spelled it "Danford" in a notice to Wells Fargo shareholders in 1869, and D.N. Barney himself signed the articles of incorporation of the New York Elevated Railroad in 1871 as "Danford N. Barney".
Barney was born in 1808 at Henderson, New York, the son of John and Sarah (Grow) Barney. He was a descendant of Jacob Barney of Bradenham, Buckinghamshire, England, who settled at Salem, Massachusetts, about 1630. John Barney was a farmer in Jefferson County, New York, when his sons Danford (1808) and Ashbel (1816) were born.
As a young man, Danford Barney went to Sacketts Harbor, New York, where he was cashier in a bank. On October 8, 1833, he married Cynthia Maria Cushman, daughter of Peter Newcomb Cushman and Sally (Kellogg) Cushman. The couple were the parents of three children:
In 1842 Danford Barney and his brother, Ashbel, went to Cleveland, Ohio, and engaged in business as forwarding and commission merchants as Danford N. Barney & Company. The Danford Barneys resided in Cleveland at 24 Public Square and later 169 Euclid Street.
Cynthia Barney died on August 5, 1843. Barney married on January 26, 1847, Azubah Latham, the daughter of William Harris Latham and Azubah (Jenks) Latham of North Thetford, Vermont. Azubah was a sister of Charles F. Latham, later treasurer of Wells Fargo & Company, and a first cousin of Milton Latham, United States Senator from California in 1860-63. Barney and his second wife were the parents of the following children:
Danford Barney moved in 1849 to Buffalo, New York, where he was a commission merchant and proprietor of a bank. When Edwin Barber Morgan resigned as president of Wells Fargo & Company on November 26, 1853, Barney was elected to succeed him. He was also elected to the board of directors, of which he remained a member until 1870. 
In 1856 he moved to New York City. Besides serving as president and a director of Wells Fargo, Barney was also a director of John Butterfield's Overland Mail Company, organized in 1857 to provide government mail coach service from Tipton, Missouri, to San Francisco, California, by way of El Paso, Texas, and Yuma, Arizona.
On April 15, 1863, Danford Barney, Benjamin Pierce Cheney and William Fargo were appointed a committee in New York to go to California "in the best interests of the company". Traveling by stage, they spent most of July, all of August, and most of September 1863 in California looking after the company's affairs. Similarly, on February 8, 1865, Barney was asked to visit London "in reference to a financial agency of the California Railroad" (i.e., the Central Pacific Railroad, the western portion of the transcontinental railroad then under construction).
Barney was President of Wells Fargo until the company was merged into the Holladay Overland Mail and Express Company on November 1, 1866. The surviving company was thereupon renamed Wells Fargo & Company. Louis McLane was elected president as the two companies made a smooth merger transition.
After the death of her father in 1868, Azubah Barney purchased the Latham family home in North Thetford. After the death of Azubah in 1875, the house passed to her daughter Lucy, who owned it until her death in 1940.
In 1870 Danford Barney retired from the board of directors of Wells Fargo. He was one of the incorporators of the New York Elevated Railroad in 1871.
Danford N. Barney died at the Windsor Hotel in New York City on March 8, 1874. Azubah Barney died December 4, 1875. In her will she left $5,000 to start a library in Thetford named for her father.

</doc>
<doc id="18715109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715109" title="Hamilton Morrow">
Hamilton Morrow

Hamilton Lane Morrow (June 17, 1846 – August 6, 1922) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1890 to 1894 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in St. Peter's Bay, Prince Edward Island and educated there and at the normal school in Charlottetown. In 1873, he married Mary A. Harty. Morrow taught school in Prince Edward Island for several years. He served as secretary for the Milford Haven Agricultural Society. He died in 1922 of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="18715134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715134" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 74 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18715148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715148" title="USS Henry R. Mallory (ID-1280)">
USS Henry R. Mallory (ID-1280)

USS "Henry R. Mallory" (ID-1280) was a transport for the United States Navy during World War I. She was also sometimes referred to as USS "H. R. Mallory" or as USS "Mallory". Before her Navy service she was USAT "Henry R. Mallory" as a United States Army transport ship. From her 1916 launch, and after her World War I military service, she was known as SS "Henry R. Mallory" for the Mallory Lines. Pressed into service as a troopship in World War II by the War Shipping Administration, she was torpedoed by German submarine "U-402" in the North Atlantic ocean and sank with the loss of 272 men—over half of those on board.
World War I.
SS "Henry R. Mallory" was built by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Drydock Co. of Newport News, Virginia (yard no. 193), and delivered to the Mallory Steamship Line on 21 October 1916. Named for Mallory Lines president Henry R. Mallory, she operated on a New Orleans – New York route, carrying passengers and freight.
U.S. Army service.
After the United States declared war on Germany in April 1917, the United States Army, needing transports to get its men and materiel to France, had a select committee of shipping executives pore over registries of American shipping. The committee selected "Henry R. Mallory" and thirteen other American-flagged ships that were sufficiently fast, could carry enough fuel in their bunkers for transatlantic crossings, and, most importantly, were in port or not far at sea. After "Henry R. Mallory" discharged her last load of passengers and cargo, she was officially handed over to the Army on 24 May, one of the first three ships acquired.
Before any troop transportation could be undertaken, all of the ships were hastily refitted. Of the fourteen ships, ten, including "Henry R. Mallory", were designated to carry human passengers; the other four were designated as animal ships. The ten ships designated to carry troops had all of their second- and third-class accommodations ripped out and replaced with berths for troops. Cooking and toilet facilities were greatly expanded to handle the large numbers of men aboard. Gun platforms were installed on each ship before docking at the Brooklyn Navy Yard to have the guns themselves installed. All the ships were manned by merchant officers and crews but carried two U.S. Navy officers, Navy gun crews, quartermasters, signalmen, and wireless operators. The senior Navy officer on board would take control if a ship came under attack.
The American convoy carrying the first units of the American Expeditionary Force was broken into four groups; "Henry R. Mallory" was in the third group with and , and escorts consisting of cruiser , armed collier , and destroyers , , and . "Henry R. Mallory" departed with her group on 14 June for Brest, France, steaming at a pace. A thwarted submarine attack on the first convoy group, and reports of heavy submarine activity off of Brest resulted in a change in the convoy's destination to Saint-Nazaire.
After her return from France, "Henry R. Mallory" sailed again in the 5th convoy on 31 July, the 7th convoy on 8 September, and the 12th convoy on 26 November, all of which sailed from the New York embarkation point in Hoboken, New Jersey. In January 1918, "Henry R. Mallory" became the first transport to sail from the Newport News embarkation port, when—loaded with eight aero squadrons—she sailed on 17 January. Departing again from Hoboken on 14 March in the 24th convoy, "Henry R. Mallory" began her last journey under Army charter. After arriving in France on 26 March and landing her troops, "Henry R. Mallory" began her return to the United States with Army transport and Navy transport . At 11:45 on 4 April, a German submarine fired torpedoes at the group. Through evasive maneuvers, none of the ships were hit, and with timely gunfire targeting the sub, no more was seen of the threat. Arriving back in the United States on 13 April, "Henry R. Mallory" was handed over to the U.S. Navy.
U.S. Navy transport duties.
After problems with crew discipline aboard Army transports and "Finland" when they were torpedoed, the U.S. Navy, led by the recommendations of Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves, insisted that all troop transports be manned entirely by Navy personnel. This was accomplished soon after so as to avoid the need for what Gleaves called "ignorant and unreliable men" who were "the sweepings of the docks". Accordingly, "Henry R. Mallory" was handed over to the Navy on 13 April 1918 and commissioned on 17 April.
Other than the official change command of the vessel, little else change for "Henry R. Mallory". She sailed in her first convoy under Navy command on 23 April, and continued carrying troops to France, making five additional trips before the Armistice in November 1918. In all, "Henry R. Mallory" carried 9,756 troops to France.
With the fighting at an end, the task of bringing home American soldiers began almost immediately. "Henry R. Mallory" did her part by carrying home 14,514 healthy and wounded men in seven roundtrips. "Henry R. Mallory" returned from her last Navy voyage on 29 August 1919, and was returned to the Mallory Lines the following day.
World War II.
In the early stages of World War II for the United States, the War Shipping Administration requisitioned "Henry R. Mallory" for use as a civilian-manned troopship in July 1942. Remaining under the operation of her owners, Agwilines, Inc., she began operation on U.S. Army schedules in July 1942, when she sailed from New York to Belfast. After her return to New York in August, she made way to Boston from whence she sailed to Saint John, Wabana, Newfoundland; Sydney, Nova Scotia; and Halifax, before returning to New York in October. 
After first sailing to Boston and Newport, Rhode Island, "Henry R. Mallory" departed New York as a part of Convoy SC-118 headed for Liverpool via Halifax on 24 January 1943. The crew on board "Henry R. Mallory" consisted of 9 officers, 68 crewmen, and 34 Naval Armed Guards (who manned the 11 guns on deck). Also on board were 383 passengers, consisting of 2 civilians, 136 from the U.S. Army, 72 from the U.S. Marine Corps, and 173 from the U.S. Navy. As the convoy, which consisted of 60 ships and 26 escorts, sailed near Iceland, a "wolfpack" of Kriegsmarine U-Boats attacked the convoy repeatedly over a four-day period. Some 20 U-boats participated, ultimately sinking 12 Allied ships, including "Henry R. Mallory"; three U-boats were lost.
It was at 06:59 on 7 February 1943 when, traveling in station 33 of the convoy, "Henry R. Mallory" was hit by one torpedo fired from German submarine "U-402" around south-southwest of Iceland. Hit in the number three hold on the starboard side, the ship began settling by the stern and listing to port, and sank at about 07:30. Of "Henry R. Mallory"'s ten lifeboats, only three were successfully launched, holding 175 men. Many other men jumped overboard for rafts in the water.
None of the other ships in the convoy were aware of the "Mallory"'s predicament. American destroyer —searching for survivors from the convoy's sunken rescue ship, SS "Toward", sunk three hours earlier, also by "U-402"—saw lights but was denied permission to investigate. Only when survivors were found by U.S. Coast Guard cutter some four hours later was the fate of "Henry R. Mallory" made clear. "Bibb" rescued 205 men, 3 of whom later died. Another Coast Guard cutter, , rescued a further 22, of whom 2 later died. Among the 272 dead was the ship's master, 48 crewmen, 15 armed guards, and 208 passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="18715152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715152" title="Ikechukwu Ezenwa">
Ikechukwu Ezenwa

Ikechukwu Ezenwa (born 16 October 1988 in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State) is a Nigerian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Sunshine Stars F.C..
Career.
He began his career by Ocean Boys F.C. before moved to Heartland F.C. in July 2008.
International career.
He was a member of the Nigeria U-23 at 2008 Summer Olympics but didn't appear in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="18715180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715180" title="Friedhelm Hardy">
Friedhelm Hardy

Friedhelm Ernst Hardy (1943 – 4 August 2004), also known as Fred Hardy, was Professor of Indian Religions, teaching at King's College London. He was a linguist familiar with both classical and modern Indian languages, described in his obituary as "unrivalled in this country and possibly anywhere in the world today". He is the author of two prominent works, "The Religious Culture of India: Power, Love and Wisdom" and "Viraha-Bhakti: The Early History of Kṛṣṇa Devotion in South India".
Early years.
Hardy was born in the Rhineland and according to his obituary "showed an early interest in languages and scripts." He began studying Sanskrit in Cologne before moving on to his doctoral work at Oxford University in 1967. While at Oxford, he met Aruna Gokhale, a mathematician, whom he later married.
Notable work.
Hardy went to Tamil Nadu to conduct research for his doctoral thesis, spending over a year examining the history of Krishnaism, specifically all pre-11th century sources starting with the stories of Krishna and the gopis, of Northern Literature, and including Mayon mysticism of the Vaishnava Tamil saints, Sangam Tamil literature and Alvars' Krishna-centered devotion in the rasa of the emotional union and the dating and history of the Bhagavata Purana. The resultant thesis was detailed to the point that it had to be abbreviated for its 1983 publication. His book "Viraha-bhakti" was considered to have contained some major discoveries. His first discovery concerned the emotion displayed towards Krishna as "bhakti", or object of devotion, in the "Bhagavad Gita". Hardy demonstrated that this was more of an intellectual type, whereas emotional bhakti is different and expressed in the various connections between records and traditions there is evidence of early "southern Krishnaism", even there was a tendency to allocate this tradition to the Northern traditions. There is a narrative context in which the early writings in Dravidian culture such as "Manimekalai" and the "Cilappatikaram" present Krishna, his brother, and favorite female companions in the similar terms. He argued that the Sanskrit Bhagavata Purana is essentially a Sanskrit "translation" of the bhakti of the Tamil alvars. Accordingly South Indian texts illustrate close parallels to the Sanskrit traditions of Krishna and his gopi companions, so ubiquitous in later North Indian text and imagery. Some consider his work fundamental to the study of how Hinduism developed. He had also theorized in his subsequent publications how Tamil bhakti gradually spread to the North India and laid the ground for the later bhakti of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu and Vallabhacharya.
Notable theories and statements.
After long studies in India, Fred Hardy came up with a theory as to the meaning of erotic sculptures, such as for example visible on the temples of Khajuraho. The erotic sculptures are visible on may temple of the South India, the main area of expertise of Hardy. This theory was first expressed to him by people in a temple's environs. Fred Hardy theorized that the erotic sculptures on the outer walls of Hindu temples are intended to keep away demons from the pure sanctuary of the shrines.
He has suggested: That the global title of "Hinduism" has been given to a variety of religions must be regarded as an act of pure despair.
He had concluded: religious pluralism is demonstrable nonsense.
Other works and projects.
His also was an editor of a general companion to Indic religions, "The World's Religions: the Religions of Asia" published in 1990. He was also notably invited to give the Wilde Lectures on Comparative Religion at Oxford University were later published in 1994 as "The Religious Culture of India: Power, Love and Wisdom".

</doc>
<doc id="18715202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715202" title="Robson, West Virginia">
Robson, West Virginia

Robson is an unincorporated community in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States, situated primarily on the banks of Loup Creek. Robson is served by State Highway 61, and is located from Montgomery and to from Oak Hill. Robson's Post Office serves the smaller communities of Beards Fork and Mulberry.

</doc>
<doc id="18715224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715224" title="R43">
R43

R43 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18715251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715251" title="Geonets">
Geonets

A geonet is a geosynthetic material consisting of integrally connected parallel sets of ribs overlying similar sets at various angles for in-plane drainage of liquids or gases. Geonets are often laminated with geotextiles on one or both surfaces and are then referred to as drainage geocomposites. They are competitive with other drainage geocomposites having different core configurations.
Manufacturing.
Geonets are formed by a continuous extrusion process into a netlike configuration of parallel sets of homogeneously interconnected ribs. There are three categories of geonets. The following are illustrated:
Each of the above categories have variations within themselves (mainly thickness) and new product development by various manufacturers is quite active.
All geonets that are currently available are made from polyethylene resin. The density varies from 0.94 to 0.96 mg/l, with the higher values forming the more rigid products. In this regard, the resin is true high-density polyethylene (HDPE) unlike the density used in HDPE geomembranes that is really medium density. The resin is formulated with 2.0 to 2.5% carbon black (usually in a concentrated form mixed with a polyethylene carrier resin), and 0.25 to 0.75% additives that serve as processing aids and anti-oxidants.
Properties.
Since the primary function of a geonet is to convey liquid within the plane of its structure, the in-plane hydraulic flow rate, or transmissivity, is of paramount importance. However, other features, which may influence this value over the service lifetime of the geonet, are also of importance. Thus, a number of physical, mechanical, endurance, and environmental properties will also be mentioned.
Physical properties.
The tests for physical properties are either covered in ASTM, ISO or GRI Standards. 
Environmental properties.
A series of environmental related issues can have impact on the flow-rate performance of geonets.
Theoretical concepts.
Design-by-function requires the formulation of a factor of safety as follows:
formula_1
For geonets serving as a drainage medium, the targeted value is flow rate and the above concept becomes:
formula_2
where
aallow = allowable flow rate, and
qreqd = required flow rate
As stated previously, if we desire an alternative to the flow rate, calculations can be based on Darcy's formula (assuming saturated conditions and laminar flow) obtaining the transmissivity, θ. This important concept is repeated.
formula_3
formula_4
formula_5
formula_6
where 
q = volumetric flow rate (m3/s),
k = coefficient of permeability (m/s),
i = hydraulic gradient (dimensionless),
A = flow cross-section area (m2),
θ = transmissivity (m2/s),
W = width (m), and
t = thickness (m).
As seen in the equation, q/W and θ carry the same units and are directly related to one another by means of the hydraulic gradient i. At a hydraulic gradient of 1.0, they are numerically identical. At all other values of hydraulic gradient they are not equal. Also note that the system should be saturated and flow must be laminar in order to use transmissivity. When in doubt, it is usually best to use flow rate per unit width.
Construction methods.
Geonets are supplied in rolls from 2.0 to 6.7 m wide. They should be placed and covered in a timely manner. While UV and heat effects are not as severe in geonets as they are in geotextile (because of thicker ribs in contrast to thin yarns and fibers), it is good practice not to leave the material exposed and subjected to accidental damage or contamination of any variety. Contamination can occur from soil, miscellaneous sediment, construction debris, ingrowing vegetation, and so on.
The rolls are usually placed with their roll directions oriented up-and-down slope, rather than along (or parallel to) them. There are two reasons for this: First, the machine direction has the greatest strength and flow rate; second, such orientation eliminates seams along the flow direction. If triplanar or boxlike channel geonets are being used for their high flow in the machine direction, the proper orientation is critical during placement. For very long slopes or along the base of a facility, flow must continue unimpeded from one geonet to the next. When geotextiles are liminated to the geonet, the geotextiles must be stripped back from the overlapped area such the upgradient geonet is directly on the downgradient geonet in shingled manner. There can be no geotextile sandwiched within this overlap area.
The seaming or joining of geonets is difficult. Assuming stress does not have to be transferred from one roll to the next, plastic electrical ties, threaded loops, and wires have all been used with a relatively small overlaps of 50 100 mm. Metal hog rings should never be used when geonets are used adjacent to geomembranes. There are questions as to what influence overlapping has on the geonet's flow rate. The connection of geonets to perforated drainage pipes is difficult and extremely important. The geonet's outlet must be free draining at all times even in winter under freezing conditions.
Nothwithstanding the above concerns, geonets are very impressive with respect to their flow-rate capability, ease of construction, savings in airspace, and overall economy in many facilities where drainage must be accommodated.

</doc>
<doc id="18715271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715271" title="Woodside, Berkshire">
Woodside, Berkshire

Woodside is a hamlet in Berkshire, England, within the civil parishes of Winkfield and Sunninghill and Ascot in the boroughs of Bracknell Forest and Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead.
The settlement lies near to the A332 road and is approximately north-east of Ascot Racecourse and largely surrounded by Windsor Great Park. In the early Twentieth Century the south of the hamlet was the site of the Ascot Brick Works. 

</doc>
<doc id="18715276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715276" title="Implicit collaboration">
Implicit collaboration

Implicit Collaboration is an emergent discipline whose goal is to allow collaboration among the internet, social networks, reputation systems and different distributed systems in an implicit-automatic way.
Overview.
In these contexts, collaboration is intended as the process where people interact toward a common goal sharing their knowledge, learning from each other in decentralised systems where there is no leadership. In emerging digital social networks is not always possible to directly exploit human feedbacks to improve the quality of the information of the community. Implicit collaboration is a mechanism that use cognitive concepts, coming from human behavior, in an automatic way.
References.
"Detecting Implicit Collaboration Patterns" Arévalo, Buchli and Nierstrasz, 2004<br>
"Conference Record" Denshi Jōhō Tsūshin Gakkai (Japan), 1994

</doc>
<doc id="18715278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715278" title="A Memoir of Jane Austen">
A Memoir of Jane Austen

A Memoir of Jane Austen is a biography of the novelist Jane Austen (1775–1817) published in 1869 by her nephew James Edward Austen-Leigh. A second edition was published in 1871 which included previously unpublished Jane Austen writings. A family project, the biography was written by James Edward Austen-Leigh but owed much to the recollections of Jane Austen's many relatives. However, it was the decisions of her close friend and sister, Cassandra Austen, to destroy many of Jane's letters after her death that shaped the material available for the biography.
Austen-Leigh described his "dear Aunt Jane" domestically, as someone who was uninterested in fame and who only wrote in her spare time. However, the manuscripts appended to the second edition suggest that Jane Austen was intensely interested in revising her manuscripts and was perhaps less content than Austen-Leigh described her. The "Memoir" does not attempt to unreservedly tell the story of Jane Austen's life. Following the Victorian conventions of biography, it kept much private information from the public, but family members disagreed over just how much should be revealed, for example, regarding Austen's romantic relationships.
The "Memoir" introduced the public to the works of Jane Austen, generating interest in novels which only the literary elite had read up until that point. It remained the primary biographical work on the author for over half a century.
Composition.
In the late 1860s, the Austen family decided to write a biography of Jane Austen. The death of Sir Francis Austen, her last surviving sibling, and the aging of those who had any memory of her prompted the family to gather their papers and to begin recording their memories. Public interest in Jane Austen was also developing and the family became concerned that an outsider or another branch of the family would produce a biography. James Edward Austen-Leigh, as the son of the eldest branch, "in a spirit of censorship as well as communication", thus began the project. With the help and support of his sisters and Jane Austen's nieces, he collected materials. The biography was largely the work of James Edward Austen-Leigh, his half-sister Jane Anna Elizabeth Austen Lefroy and, his younger sister Caroline Mary Craven Austen, and their cousin Cassy Esten. As Austen scholar Kathryn Sutherland points out in her "Introduction" to the Oxford edition of the "Memoir", however, Austen-Leigh’s biography is specific to the Steventon or Hampshire Austens, for whom Jane Austen is "nature-loving, religious, domestic, middle class". The Godmersham or Kentish Austens viewed Jane Austen as more "inward and passionate...gentrified, improved willy-nilly by contact with her fine relations". Moreover, as Caroline wrote, "the generation who knew her is passing away". Much of the biography is based on the memories of those who had only known Jane Austen when they were children and she was their older aunt; the rest is based on written records passed down through the family.
As Sutherland explains, "the major ingredients of the "Memoir", as well as its reverent colouring, are owed, in one way or another, to Cassandra Austen." Cassandra was the executor of Jane’s will and was responsible for the preservation and destruction of all remaining letters and manuscripts after Jane’s death. According to Caroline Austen, one of Jane Austen's nieces, Cassandra "looked letters over and burnt the greater part, (as she told me), 2 or 3 years before her own death—She left, or "gave" some as legacies to the Nieces—but of those that "I" have seen, several had portions cut out". Thus, while writing the "Memoir", Austen-Leigh did not have access to large numbers of Jane Austen's letters. Furthermore, the rest had been scattered as bequests; a complete collection of Jane Austen's letters was only gathered in 1932.
There may have been disagreements between the descendants regarding how much information to keep private, particularly with regards to Jane Austen's romances. For example, the first edition of the "Memoir" states "I have no reason to think that she ever felt any attachment by which the happiness of her life was at all affected". This sentence was removed from the second edition and two romantic attachments are hinted at, with the conclusion "I am unable to say whether her feelings were of such a nature as to affect her happiness". This kind of reticence was not isolated to the Austen family, however—it was typical of mid-Victorian era biography.
Publication.
James Edward Austen-Leigh began writing the "Memoir" on 30 March 1869 and finished it five months later in September. It was published on 16 December 1869 (though dated 1870) in an edition of about 1,000 copies. In 1871, Austen-Leigh published a second edition, which contained additional letters, family papers, and biographical material. He also included fragments of unfinished and unpublished Jane Austen manuscripts, namely a chapter Austen deleted from "Persuasion" and extracts from "Sanditon" as well as "Lady Susan" and "The Watsons".
Used as a frontispiece for the "Memoir" was a portrait of Jane Austen drawn by James Andrews of Maidenhead. Based on a "slight watercolour sketch" made by Cassandra around 1810, Andrews produced a professional portrait that served as a model for a steel engraving. As Sutherland notes, "its difference from Cassandra's original is evident to the most cursory glance. Her crude pencil and watercolour likeness is sharp-faced, pursed-lipped, unsmiling, scornful even, and withdrawn; in its Victorian refashioning, the face is softer, its expression more pliant, and the eyes only pensively averted." Andrews paid great attention to the details of Austen's dress and the chair. Cassy Esten, who owned the original sketch, wrote of the portrait: "I think the portrait is very much superior to any thing that could have been expected from the sketch it was taken from.—It is a very pleasing, sweet face,—tho’, I confess, to not thinking it "much" like the original;—but "that", the public will not be able to detect."
Description.
The "Memoir" is a "rag-bag, not the shaped life of the historio- or psycho-biographies of the late twentieth century, but an undesigned and unprioritized assortment" of detail, such as descriptions of clothing, a "eulogy of spinning", and a digression on the Welsh ancestry of some Austen relations. The biography does not aim to tell the unvarnished truth, either. For example, the family hid the existence of a second brother, the handicapped George Austen, and described Edward Austen as the second brother instead of the third. They also omitted the arrest and jailing of Mrs. Leigh Perrot, Jane Austen's aunt, for shoplifting in Bath. According to 19th-century biography standards, "neither piece of discretion is surprising".
Jane Austen herself is described as "a comfortable figure, shunning fame and professional status, centred in home, writing only in the intervals permitted from the important domestic duties of a devoted daughter, sister, and aunt". However, the manuscripts published alongside the biography suggest another portrait, one of a struggling author who endlessly revised and of a "restless and sardonic spirit".
Reception and legacy.
The book had an "immediate" and "incalculable" effect on the public's perception of Jane Austen. It generated interest in the works of an author which, for half a century, had been read almost entirely by the literary elite and Austen's popularity increased dramatically. The publication of the "Memoir" also spurred the reissue of Austen's novels. The first popular editions were released in 1883—a sixpenny series by Routledge. This was followed by fancy illustrated editions, collectors' sets, and scholarly editions.
The image of "dear aunt Jane" presented in the biography was not seriously challenged until 1940, when psychologist D. W. Harding argued that there was a "regulated hatred" in Austen’s works. With the exception of Harding's 1965 edition, there has been "no serious editorial engagement with the "Memoir" and little critical attention paid to it. However, as Sutherland writes, "James Austen-Leigh...assembled a major work of Austenian biography" which has been called the "prime source of all subsequent biographical writings".

</doc>
<doc id="18715280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715280" title="1986 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships">
1986 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships

The 1986 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada at the Île Notre-Dame. This is also where the canoeing and rowing competitions for the 1976 Summer Olympics took place.
The men's competition consisted of six Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Three events were held for the women, all in kayak.
This was the 20th championships in canoe sprint.

</doc>
<doc id="18715282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715282" title="Maharaja Ranjit Singh's throne">
Maharaja Ranjit Singh's throne

Maharaja Ranjit Singh's throne was made by the goldsmith Hafez Muhammad Multani about 1820 to 1830. Made of Wood and resin core, covered with sheets of repoussé, chased and engraved gold.
Overview.
It shows the splendour of Ranjit Singh's court and is decorated with richly worked sheets of gold. The distinctive cusped base of this throne is composed of two tiers of lotus petals. The lotus is a symbol of purity and creation and has traditionally been used as a seat or throne for Hindu gods. However, the octagonal (eight-sided) shape of the throne is based on courtly furniture of the Mughals. Their many-sided furniture provided models for thrones, footstools and tables throughout northern India. It is thought that as the Maharaja was renowned for the simplicity of his appearance and dislike of ceremony he rarely sat on this throne, preferring to sit cross-legged on carpets.
The throne was part of the State Property taken by the British in 1849 on the annexation of Punjab, after the Second Anglo-Sikh War, and was displayed with other treasures of the Indian Empire at the Great Exhibition in 1851. It is kept in the V&A Museum with inventory number 2518(IS).

</doc>
<doc id="18715285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715285" title="DOCK (protein)">
DOCK (protein)

DOCK (Dedicator of cytokinesis) is a family of related proteins involved in intracellular signalling networks. Studies to date suggest that this family act as guanine nucleotide exchange factors for small G proteins of the Rho family, such as Rac and Cdc42. DOCK family proteins are categorised into four subfamilies based on their sequence homology:

</doc>
<doc id="18715288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715288" title="Luisa Piccarreta">
Luisa Piccarreta

The Servant of God Luisa Piccarreta, also known as "Little Daughter of the Divine Will," is under consideration for possible canonization as a saint of the Catholic Church. She was a mystic and author notable for having allegedly "survived on nothing but Communion wafers for sixty-five years". For some time, her confessor was St. Annibale Maria di Francia. Her spirituality centered on union with the Will of God. She was born in Corato, Bari, Italy in 1865. She died at the age of 82 in 1947, and the Archbishop of Trani opened her Cause for Beatification in 1994. By the end of 2005, the process of inquiry and documentation within the Diocese of Trani-Barletta-Bisceglie-Nazareth was complete. Her cause was then passed on to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints of the Vatican, which opened its examination March 7, 2006. Piccarreta was thereby enrolled as a "Servant of God". The Congregation for the Causes of Saints appointed a Roman lawyer, Silvia Monica Correale, as the postulator of Piccarreta's Cause for Canonization.
The Archbishop of Trani has reiterated, in a letter dated November 2012, his approval of the existence of groups formed to study Luisa's writings. He also reaffirmed his moratorium on the current publication for public use, both in print and online, of most of the writings of Piccarreta, presenting it as his desire to present in the future, a "typical and critical edition of her writings", (for which the Archdiocese of Trani owns all of the publishing rights). In the same letter, The Archbishop criticises “poor or exaggerated explanations of her writings”, but affirms that both he and the Church have found that her writings themselves are free of doctrinal error.
Biography.
Piccarreta was born in Corato in the Province of Bari, Italy on April 23, 1865 and died there March 4, 1947.
At the age of 17, Piccarreta is believed to have experienced a "mystical union" with Jesus akin to the religious ecstasy experienced by Saint Teresa of Ávila. Following this experience, she remained bedridden for the remainder of her life, claiming this was her "fiat" from Jesus.
For the next 64 years until her death, Luisa stayed in bed, not eating enough to sustain her life. She received the eucharist during the Daily Mass said by a priest in her room. This special blessing was given first by Pope Leo XIII and then subsequently by Pope Saint Pius X. Piccarreta's followers also believe that she was nourished directly by the Divine Will, a reference to the Bread of Life promised by Jesus.
Luisa is believed to have suffered the pains of Jesus's passion, in reparation for the sins of the world, and to call down God's mercy upon the earth. She is believed to have received instruction about the Divine Will and a special degree of grace known as "living in the Divine Will," directly from Jesus.
During this time, Piccarreta produced 36 volumes of writing, believed by her followers to have been dictated by Jesus, and collected into a work entitled "The Book of Heaven".

</doc>
<doc id="18715316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715316" title="Visual3D Game Engine">
Visual3D Game Engine

Visual3D Game Engine is a Game Engine with a Toolset written in C#/.NET for XNA to run on Microsoft Windows and with upcoming Xbox 360 support.
Overview.
"Visual3D Game Engine" is the commercial successor to the open-source RealmForge Game Engine with roots going back to the OGRE Engine 3D open-source engine. Visual3D.NET is the flagship product of Realmware Corporation, based in Seattle, Washington, and incorporated in February 2006.
As of July 2008, "Visual3D Game Engine" has been employed for multiple private business projects and by the US Department of Defense for military simulation and training. Also in 2008, "Visual3D Game Engine" has begun to permeate education and Indie sectors as a part of the recent XNA trends.
Microsoft XNA Migration Trends.
In August 2006, Microsoft's GameFest keynote speech first declared the viability of .NET for gaming, with the first public release of XNA and Game Studio products, which would open up the Xbox 360 and PC for game development by Indies and students.
This announcement set into motion the rise of many new XNA-based game engines (e.g. TorqueX). 
Microsoft's XNA initiative is a part of the larger trend for gaming technology migrating from traditional C++ to higher level managed languages, such as Java, C#, and VB.NET, which is a continuation of the historic trends for the migration of software development from lower level languages such as Assembly and C to higher level languages such as C++.

</doc>
<doc id="18715318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715318" title="University of Piraeus">
University of Piraeus

The University of Piraeus () is a university located in Piraeus, Greece with a total of nine academic departments focused mainly on economics, business management and information technology.
This institution is also home to the University of Piraeus Research Center (UPRC) which, since its founding in 1989, has participated in technological research on a national and international level, particularly in areas related to networking and internet technology.
History.
The university was founded in 1938 by the Industrialists and Tradesmen Association under the name "School for Industrial Studies" and its original aim was the advanced training of managerial executives. In 1945 it was renamed to "Higher School for Industrial Studies" while latter in 1958 it was again renamed as "Graduate School for Industrial Studies" and its seat was established in the area of Piraeus. Since then the university has evolved from its original sole focus on business management and added additional academic fields such us statistics and informatics. In 1966, it became a public university, and in 1989 it received its present name.
Academic structure.
Each of the following departments offers an undergraduate program with a corresponding 4-year Bachelor of Science degree at its completion:
Academic Evaluation.
An external evaluation of all academic departments in Greek universities will be conducted by the Hellenic Quality Assurance and Accreditation Agency (HQAA) in the following years.
Postgraduate studies.
Each of the following postgraduate programs offers an M.B.A. or a M.Sc. degree at its completion:
Governance.
The university as of 2014 is managed by the Institutional Council, the Rectorial Council and the Senate.
The Senate consists of the rector, the two vice rectors, the departments' chairmen, one representative from each department's students, two representatives from the postgraduate students and special postgraduate scholars, one representative from the assistant tutors and scientific contributors, one representative from the special teaching staff, one representative from the administrative staff, and one representative from the special administrative technical staff. There are also representatives of the associate professors, the assistant professors and the lecturers.
Meetings of the senate are overseen by the general secretary of the university, although the secretary does not participate in voting.

</doc>
<doc id="18715319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715319" title="R45">
R45

R45 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18715340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715340" title="Fairfield School District">
Fairfield School District

The Fairfield School District is a community public school district that serves students in prekindergarten through sixth grade from Fairfield Township, in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.
As of the 2008-09 school year, the district's two schools had an enrollment of 743 students and 53.1 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.0.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "GH", the third highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Students in public school for grades 7 - 12 attend the West Essex Regional School District, a regional school district serving students from four municipalities in western Essex County, New Jersey. Communities served by the district's schools are Essex Fells, Fairfield, North Caldwell and Roseland. Schools in the district (with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are
West Essex Junior High School (grades 7-8; 569 students) and 
West Essex High School (grades 9-12; 1,014 students).
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:

</doc>
<doc id="18715346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715346" title="José Edvar Simões">
José Edvar Simões

José Edvar Simões is a former Brazilian basketball player. Simões participated at the 1967 and 1970 FIBA World Championships with the Brazil national basketball team. He won a bronze medal at the 1964 Rome Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18715374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715374" title="Yang Mingxia">
Yang Mingxia

Yang Mingxia (born January 13, 1990 in Danfeng County, Shangluo, Shaanxi) is a female Chinese race walker. She represented her country at the race walk event at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but was disqualified. She previously finished fourth in an IAAF Race Walking Challenge meet in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18715378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715378" title="All Wave">
All Wave

In music production, the All Wave method, developed by The Breeders guitarist and Pixies bassist Kim Deal, states no computers, digital recording or "auto-tuning" should be used during production.

</doc>
<doc id="18715403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715403" title="Luiz Cláudio Menon">
Luiz Cláudio Menon

Luiz Claudio Menon (born July 7, 1944) is a former Brazilian basketball player. Menon participated at the 1967 and 1970 FIBA World Championships as well as at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics with the Brazil national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18715407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715407" title="Shi Na">
Shi Na

Shi Na (born February 17, 1981) is a female Chinese athletics race walker. She represented her country at the 20 km race walk event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She was born in Xintai, Shandong.

</doc>
<doc id="18715429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715429" title="José Luiz Olaio Netto">
José Luiz Olaio Netto

Jose Luiz Olaio Netto is a former Brazilian basketball player. Netto participated at the 1967 and 1970 FIBA World Championships with the Brazil national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18715435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715435" title="Beards Fork, West Virginia">
Beards Fork, West Virginia

Beards Fork is an unincorporated census-designated place and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States that was founded as a coal town. As of the 2010 census, its population was 199.
Geography.
Beards Fork is located at (38.063720, -81.227329). Its elevation is 1,253 feet (382 m).
Beards Fork is situated between two mountain ridges in central Fayette County, and is closest to the unincorporated town of Robson. The Post Office in Robson handles the mail for Beards Fork.
History.
Historically, Beards Fork has been the location of coal mining, and at one point, the longest building in the world under one roof was located in Beards Fork- a coal tipple that spanned the valley; it was in length. Today, there is no mining, but logging persists; a flood in 2001 was exacerbated by the rupture of an illegal dam formed by logging remnants.
Transportation.
Beards Fork is served by WV 61 via Beards Fork Road, a paved one-lane road maintained by the state; a creek runs parallel to the road throughout most of the inhabited portion of the valley (known locally as a 'hollow' or 'holler').
Economy.
The only entity of any kind to have offices in Beards Fork is the Southern Appalachian Labor School's Community Center, a non-profit organization that primarily provides housing services and children's programs to area residents.

</doc>
<doc id="18715443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715443" title="Robin Farquharson">
Robin Farquharson

Reginald "Robin" Farquharson (3 October 1930 – 1 April 1973) was an academic whose interest in mathematics and politics led him to work on game theory, which he wrote an influential analysis of voting systems in his doctoral thesis, later published as "Theory of Voting".
Farquharson diagnosed himself as suffering from bipolar disorder (manic depression), and episodes of mania made it difficult for him to obtain a permanent position at a university and also resulted in him losing commercial employment. In later years, Farquharson dropped out of mainstream society, and became a prominent counter-cultural figure in late-60s London. Farquharson wrote an account of his unconventional life in his 1968 book, "Drop Out!", in which he described a week of being homeless in London.
In 1973 Robin Farquharson died
from the burns
associated with an arson,
for which two persons were convicted of unlawful killing.
Schooling.
Robin Farquharson also studied at the Sorbonne in Paris.
Whilst studying as an undergraduate at Oxford Farquharson was a contemporary of John Searle, Rupert Murdoch, and Sir Michael Dummett
Research on voting.
Farquharson wrote a monograph on the analysis of voting procedures and several papers, including a notable paper with Michael Dummett that conjectured the Gibbard-Satterthwaite theorem.
Strategic voting.
Robin Farquharson published influential articles on the theory of voting: In particular, in an article with Michael Dummett, Farquharson conjectured that deterministic voting rules with more than three issues faced endemic strategic voting. The Dummett–Farquharson conjecture was proved by Allan Gibbard, a philosopher and former student of Kenneth J. Arrow and John Rawls, and by Mark A. Satterthwaite, an economist.
After the establishment of the Farquarson-Dummett conjecture by Gibbard and Sattherthwaite, Michael Dummett contributed three proofs of the Gibbard–Satterthwaite theorem in his monograph on voting.
"Theory of Voting".
"Theory of Voting" was originally Robin Farquharson's P.h.D thesis but was deemed to be of such a high quality it was later published as a book in its own right.
In the field of political game theory, Farquharson's main contribution was his exposition of the Condorcet paradox regarding the sincerity of voters. The problem was initially raised by Pliny the Younger then picked up again in the political pamphlets of Reverend Charles Lutwidge Dodgson (Lewis Carroll) who was a significant influence on Robin Farquharson.
Even though "Theory of Voting" was first written and Farquharson's doctorate awarded in 1958 it was eventually published in 1969, by Yale University Press. The main reason given for the lateness of its publication is that the Robin insisted the logical choice diagrams be printed in full-colour, which they eventually were, in black, white and red.
The book won the Monograph Prize in the field of Social Sciences, awarded by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Mental illness.
At some point, Robin Farquharson came to diagnose himself as suffering from several mental illnesses including bipolar disorder (manic depression) and cyclothymia.
Robin's condition caused him to frequently be absent from his university studies,starting November 1955 to March 1957. (He was further absent from his studies after the death of his father)
Call to the Warden of All Souls College.
As Michael Dummett remembers, In 1955, Farquharson sat the Fellowship examination for All Souls College. On the evening before an election meeting was held to discuss Farquharson's admission as a Fellow, the Warden of the College received a telephone call, which started with the words: "Do you have a pen and paper?" Farquharson tried to dictate what Michael describes (he was not present himself) as a "lengthy statement in quasi-technical language, expounding a discovery in which would have solve [sic.] many problems in mathematics, mathematical logic, physics, economics and the theory of voting."
Dummett's clarifies the accuracy of his recollection: "I know very well what it was like: though I was away for the year in California, Farquharson also telephoned me there in just the same manner."
Farquharson was undergoing an attack of his mental illness which it is believed caused him to contact the College Warden.
Dummett believes that Farquharson was far and above the best candidate for the election to the college but when the Warden chose to mention Farquharson's telephone call to the Fellows. And in raising this point Dummett believes the Warden "...inferred that Farquharson had gone mad" which no doubt led to his not being elected to the senior position of Fellow at All Souls College.
Farquharson briefly describes the incident in "Drop Out!": "...when as a candidate for a Fellowship of All Souls, I had destroyed my chances by a telephone call to the Warden, calling him from his high table to tell him that I had a message from God for him." 
Mental Health Activism.
After fully dropping out Robin Farquharson did some work supporting the mental health patient reform groups of the late 60s, working with organizations such as the Mental Patients Union. He wrote, campaigned and argued with other members of the group for mental patients to have a greater say in their own treatment. He also helped to secure squat sites and rent houses for groups to hold meetings and simply for a place to live.
Farquharson was a mental health activist working both with Tommie Ritchie in the Scottish Union of Mental Patients (SUMP) during 1972 and then the Mental Patients Union in 1973 shortly before his death.
He was the first member of SUMP from outside Hartwood Hospital. He wrote, campaigned and argued with other members of the group for mental patients to have a greater say in their own treatment. He also helped to secure squat sites and rent houses for groups to hold meetings and simply for a place to live.
Later life and work.
After being rejected from a prospective Fellowship at All Souls College, Oxford, Robin Farquharson worked for a brief time as an academic at Cambridge University.
After losing this job Robin worked in various other administrative positions, including being a manager for a call center.
Robin Farquharson also contributed to the counter-cultural Bitman magazine which published a special obituary edition as tribute to Robin after his death in 1973.
His friend, Guy Legge, who knew Robin from his time in Horton mental asylum, thought Robin was an alcoholic and blames his wild mood swings on his dependency.
Autobiographical "Drop Out!".
Published 1968, by Anthony Blond.
Dropping out commonly refers to a person who has left an educational institution without completing the course. This does not apply in the same way to Robin Farquharson who held several degrees. The title of his book more accurately refers to his dropping-out from the comfort of academic life into the uncertainty of London street-life.
The book begins with a quote from a poem by the author and critic Matthew Arnold:
We cannot kindle when we will
The fire which in the heart resides,
The spirit bloweth and is still,
In mystery our soul abides:
But tasks in hours of insight willed 
Can be through hours of gloom fulfilled.
– Matthew Arnold, "Morality."
Essentially the book is an account of Robin Farquharson finding himself homeless and with little money and many debts to claim, both through circumstance and his own actions. In an experimental spirit he attempts to forsake money (several times and with varying success) as a kind of restrictive social evil. This leaves him with very little option but to sleep rough and stay with friends or acquaintances now and again. The book includes a chapter on the free help offered by Rhaune Laslett and the Notting Hill Neighbourhood Service.
Many people see the book as a slightly forced and therefore somewhat un-genuine attempt to slum it with the lower classes in that Robin is so often bailed out by either good fortune, the kindness of strangers or old friends. It is much easier to step into a life of destitution like a puddle and to briskly leave it if the water becomes too cold knowing that there is money behind you and lots of people who are prepared to help you, for a short while at least.
The book is similar in style and content to other works of psycho-geography written by the situationists. Many sections of the book simply list the areas of London Farquharson has walked through, including the names of streets and buildings he passes, interspersed with events and acquaintances he makes along the way.
It is the flux of Robin’s mental state and the variety of situations he encounters that make the book an interesting and vibrant account of London in the late-60s. He copies information on a notice board, and rates graffiti in a public toilet for spelling, grammar and general interest.
Quotations from "Drop Out!".
Below are several quotes featured in "Drop Out!"
"After LSD, one is likely to be much less attracted by money and luxuries and material success"
"A rolling stone gathers speed."
"A stitch in time distorts eternity."
Political activity.
In 1965 his South African passport was revoked as a result of his part in the lobbying, on behalf of SAN-ROC for South Africa’s exclusion from the Olympic Games held in Tokyo, Japan; in 1964. He was rumoured to have been a member of the political White Panther movement.
He became a British subject in 1968.
Robin is also said to have helped tear down the walls at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970.
The Squat Years.
Towards the end of his life Robin Farquharson spent much of his time in "open-university" squat communities a period in which he met artists and thinkers including the poet Aidan Andrew Dun and the psychiatrist R.D. Laing.
Death from arson.
Farquharson died in a fire at a house in Platt Street, Somers Town, London in April 1973, down the road from the St. Pancras Old Church. After being exposed to the fire, Farquharson suffered from third-degree burns. After being taken to the Hospital for Tropical Diseases near to St. Pancras churchyard, Farquharson died from his burns. Two workers also living in the house were tried for his death and found guilty of "unlawful killing".
In popular culture.
Iain Sinclair, Lights Out for the Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18715458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715458" title="Sentric Music">
Sentric Music

Sentric Music is a British independent music publisher specialising in emerging song writers and artists.
Company Profile.
Founded in 2006, the company is based in Liverpool, England. The company administers the works of over 12000 artists/writers in the UK and around the world.
Sentric publish their writers work in the UK via PRS for Music and the MCPS collection societies and in 2010 signed a sub-publishing deal with Downtown Music Publishing covering the US and Canada. Sentric also collects directly in 27 territories across Europe for its songwriters.
In May 2012 the North West Fund for Digital & Creative, managed by AXM Venture Capital Limited made an equity investment into Sentric Music.
As well as collecting royalties for their writers, Sentric also search for synchronisation opportunities for its signings and has previously synced music on advertisements for the likes of Lexus, O2 Germany and De Montfort University. In February 2013 Sentric were nominated at the Music+Sound Awards in the 'Best Sync: Trailers and Promos' category for the use of Kankouran song 'Rivers' in the trailer for Series 6 of Skins.
In June 2012 Sentric Music entered into a co-publishing agreement with Brussels based Strictly Confidential, the publishing arm of PIAS. The first two artists signed under the co-publishing agreement were Tall Ships and Cattle & Cane.
In February 2013 Sentric Music CEO Chris Meehan was included in the Music Week '30 Under Thirty' list, highlighting the 30 finest young professionsals working in the UK music business of 2013.
A partnership with INgrooves Music Publishing was announced in July 2013. INgrooves Music Publishing is a new division of INgrooves headed by industry veteran Olivier Chastan. As part of the partnership, Sentric Music provides worldwide rights administration and platform services.
Selection of acts currently signed to Sentric Music.
Some of the most prominent acts working with Sentric include:
Awards.
In December 2010 Sentric Music was winner of the Virtual Business Awards 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18715461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715461" title="Edward F. Daas">
Edward F. Daas

Edward F. Daas was an American amateur journalist.
In the beginning of the 20th century Daas was elected President of United Amateur Press Association. He held the post from 1907 to 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="18715469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715469" title="Tropical Storm Halong (2008)">
Tropical Storm Halong (2008)

Severe Tropical Storm Halong (international designation: 0804, JTWC designation: 05W, PAGASA name: Cosme) was the fourth severe tropical storm named by the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) who are the Regional Specialized Meteorological Centre for the Northwestern Pacific Ocean. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also recognised Halong as the fifth tropical depression, the fourth tropical storm as well as the third typhoon of the 2008 Pacific typhoon season.
Meteorological history.
Late on May 13 a tropical disturbance formed in the South China Sea. Early the next day, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) and the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) designated the disturbance as a tropical depression, with PAGASA assigning the local name of Cosme. However the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) did not issue a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert until later that day. The JTWC then designated the depression as 05W on May 15. On May 16 both the JMA and the JTWC upgraded the depression to a tropical storm with the JMA designating it as Tropical Storm Halong and assigning the international number of 0804. This was 12 hours after PAGASA had upgraded it to a tropical storm. During that day Halong kept intensifying and was designated as a severe tropical storm early the next day by the JMA as it reached its peak wind speeds of 60 knots (70 mph 115 km/h). The JTWC then upgraded Halong to a typhoon with peak wind speeds of 70 knots (80 mph 130 km/h)) which made Halong a Category one typhoon on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
Later on May 17, Halong made landfall on the Philippine region of Pangasinan and travelled towards the northeast over Luzon. While over land Halong weakened into a tropical storm with both the JTWC and the JMA downgrading Halong early the next day. Later that day after reaching the Philippine Sea, Halong started to restrengthen and intensified into a severe tropical storm. However it did not intensify any further and on May 19 weakened into a tropical storm. Later that day, PAGASA issued their final advisory on Halong as it moved out of their area of responsibility. The JTWC then issued their last advisory on Halong as it had begun its extratropical transition. The JMA then reported that it had completed its extratropical transition and issued their final advisory on the remnant low of Halong. The remnants of Halong dissipated on May 24.
Preparations.
Starting May 15, PAGASA issued Storm Warning Signals for various areas across the Philippines. At 1500 UTC that day Signal Number One was initially issued over northern Palawan, Occidental Mindoro and Lubang Island. At its maximum coverage (at 0930 UTC May 17), Storm Signal Number 3 was issued for Zambales, Pangasinan, La Union, Tarlac, Benguet and Ilocos Sur, Signal Number 2 was for Bataan, Bulacan, Pampanga, Nueva Viscaya, Nueva Ecija, Quirino, Ifugao, Mt. Province, Kalinga, Abra, Apayao and Ilocos Norte and Signal Number 1 was raised for Lubang Island, Batangas, Cavite, Laguna, Rizal, northern Quezon, Isabela, Aurora, Cagayan, Calayan Island, Babuyan Group of Islands, Batanes and Metro Manila Further on as Cosme (Halong) razed through Northern Luzon, these storm signals were scaled back until the storm reached the Cagayan-Batanes area and the Pacific Ocean proper.
Impact.
Philippines.
In Luzon, the typhoon caused 58 deaths and $94 million (USD) in damage. The storm destroyed 43,365 houses and damaged 188,830 more. Most of the damages reported were in Northern Luzon. Meanwhile, Mindoro and Panay islands were also affected as the storm-induced southwest monsoon brought rains and floods to those areas. In particular, a ferry in Mindoro was stranded as Cosme (still a tropical depression at that time) passed close enough to Mindoro on the night of May 15. The Subic-Olongapo area, one of the economic zones of the Philippines, experienced power outages as the storm got closer to Zambales on May 17. The province of Pangasinan, where the storm made its landfall, experienced waist-high floods and power outages as well. Even the city of Dagupan (in Pangasinan) suffered the same fate with even stranded persons all over the city due to flooding. The town of Sta. Cruz in Zambales had about 7,000 people homeless due to Cosme. Overall, the hardest hit were Pangasinan and Zambales provinces. Because the damage caused by the storm in Zambales is extensive even in infrastracture, repair was forced to be done on schools there as that time, classes are to resume in the next few weeks. The storm also increased the prices of vegetables in Metro Manila, as the latter gets most of its vegetables from Northern Luzon. Many places were flooded like what happened from Typhoon Ketsana.
According to the final report on Cosme (Halong) released by the National Disaster Coordinating Council, 61 were reported killed, 33 wounded and three were left missing. People affected by Cosme numbered 1,496,635 persons in 1,510 barangays in five provinces. Damages to property totaled to PHP 4.712 billion, of PHP 3.721 billion were agricultural losses and PHP 992 million were destroyed infrastructure. Pangasinan was the most damaged province as indicated by the report.
Japan.
The extratropical remnants of Halong brought heavy rains to parts of Japan, injuring one person.
Naming.
The name "Halong" was one of the 10 original names submitted by Vietnam to the WMO's Typhoon Committee for use from January 1, 2000. Halong was last used in the 2002 Pacific typhoon season and is named after Halong Bay, which is a UNESCO World Heritage site in Vietnam. The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) assigned the name Cosme to the tropical storm. Cosme was last used in the 2004 Pacific typhoon season to name Typhoon Sudal. This was the seventh time that a tropical cyclone had been named Cosme. On June 2012 the name selected by PAGASA to replace Cosme was Carina.

</doc>
<doc id="18715474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715474" title="Mitchell Stadium">
Mitchell Stadium

Mitchell Stadium is a 10,000 seat stadium in Bluefield, West Virginia. It was built by the Works Progress Administration in 1935, and is located in Bluefield's city park that straddles the West Virginia–Virginia state line.
The facility now serves as the home football field for the public high schools of Bluefield and its twin city of the same name in Virginia—Bluefield High School in West Virginia and Graham High School in Virginia. The stadium is in West Virginia, unlike the neighboring Bowen Field baseball park, which is in Virginia. This means that Graham is unique among American high schools in that its home football games are actually played in another state. The stadium is actually, however, closer to the Graham building than the Bluefield building.
History.
City Manager Emory P. Mitchell would work to develop a recreation commission in Bluefield and set out to secure funds to build a city park, pool, auditorium, football field, baseball field and tennis courts.
“Of all the projects completed during the years Mitchell served as manager of (Bluefield), none was closer to his heart than the stadium,” Betty Mitchell Nelson, retired dean of students of Purdue University quoted from the dedication of the stadium on Oct. 23, 1954, in a letter she sent to the Bluefield board of directors. A school classmate had provided her with articles concerning a proposal to change the name of Mitchell Stadium, and Nelson, who retired as dean of students at Purdue after 30 years of service, shared insights as to why the city leadership chose to name the stadium for him. The dedication took place on Oct. 23, 1954, more than three years after Mitchell’s death on May 25, 1951.
“The stadium is named for the late Emory P. Mitchell as a permanent and lasting memorial to a devoted public servant who, in his lifetime, sought no praise or commendation for his efforts except the realization that his community had benefited from his work,” according to the formal remarks presented at the dedication. Like her parents, Nelson dedicated her life to serving her community, West Lafayette, Ind. About 15 years ago, the Purdue University Chapter of Mortar Board created the Dean Betty Nelson Service Awards that are given annually to a student and a student organization for their excellence in community service in the Lafayette area. Nelson participated annually in the presentation which involves a certificate and a monetary award.
Nelson said that her parents showed the way for her in terms of community service. Her mother helped with meals at the YWCA and knit socks and sewed surgical gowns for the American Red Cross. “My father counted the offering after church every Sunday for years and took me with him to deliver Whitman’s Samplers and bags of fruit to families of city workers who obviously had few luxuries,” she said in response to an e-mail question concerning her father’s commitment to community service.
Returning to the narrative from the stadium dedication: “There was one occasion during the time when government agencies were allocating moneys to municipalities for such projects, with the provision that the municipalities themselves also match the funds, that Bluefield was about to lose a large federal grant because the city had no matching fund,” Nelson wrote. “Mitchell and members of his family signed a personal note that enabled the city to borrow the necessary funds to match the federal grant so that work could continue on the stadium.”
Mitchell didn’t start off in the city’s top job. When he was 22 years old, the 1907 Bluefield City Directory listed E.P. Mitchell as serving as a bookkeeper for E.S. Pedigo. At the time, Pedigo operated a dry goods, clothing and millinery store on Princeton Avenue. Mitchell lived in a room at 806 Highland Avenue, according to information in the city directory.
In her letter to the city board of directors, Mitchell’s daughter said her father held administrative positions at other Bluefield businesses before he accepted the appointment as city treasurer on Aug. 1, 1933. Mitchell’s appointment as controller of the city’s purse strings came at a critical time in Bluefield’s history. Bluefield, like many U.S. cities, experienced the surging economy of the so-called “Roaring ‘20s,” and suffered the horrible economic realities that followed the Stock Market Crash in 1929, and led to the nation’s prolonged economic slide commonly called “The Great Depression.”
In Bluefield, it took a while for the new economic reality to sink in, and Mitchell’s appointment as treasurer in 1933, President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal package was in its infancy. Although it wasn’t a popular thing to do at the time, Mitchell told the city that its budget would be more that $25,000 in the red that year unless it took drastic measures. The city shaved some expenses by shutting off every other street light and by cutting its support for the public library — handing the reigns of the library over to the Bluefield Woman’s Club.
The city’s elected city officials took heat for new austerity measures, but the community continued growing and needed to address ways to deal with an increasing population base. In 1935, the city took the steps necessary to address the problem related to sewage treatment and on Oct. 22, 1935, the city used federal funds available for construction of municipal sewage treatment facilities and created the Sanitary Board of Bluefield with treatment plants in the city’s East end and in Bluefield, Va. The unique two-state sewage treatment system has had its share of challenges through the years, but continues to serve residents of both Bluefields.
In the election of July 6, 1937, citizens voted for change. Popular Bluefield newsman William C. Snyder, of the Bluefield Daily Telegraph, led the ticket of a new city board. As soon as the board could reorganize, Snyder became mayor, and the board appointed Mitchell to serve as city manager. On Sept. 6, 1937, Mitchell was formally sworn in to serve as city manager. He didn’t make any friends when he recommended the installation of a novelty of the time — parking meters — to address the city’s traffic challenges, and he made even fewer friends when he recommended the creation of a Parks & Recreation Commission.
In 1939, the commission recommended that the city pass an excess levy to fund improvements at the city park that would include the development of separate parks inside the city, each with their own swimming pools, to serve both the white and black citizens of Bluefield. Voters did not pass the excess levy in a special election on July 25, 1939, ultimately prompting Mitchell to personally insure the local match for the estimated $174,000 cost of the 10,000-seat stadium.
The late H. Edward “Eddie” Steele said that the city had an inside contact with the federal Works Progress Administration who was able to steer WPA crews in the direction of Bluefield to build important municipal projects. Steele did not say who the connection was, but during Mitchell’s 14 years as Bluefield city manager, the city was successful in completing a number of projects, including, but not limited to, the stadium that bears his name.
During Mitchell’s tenure, the city installed a police radio system; built Bowen Field and erected a grandstand; managed to bring WPA crews to the city to erect the stone retaining walls along Princeton Avenue in the East end of the city; acquired the land and built the East River Playground for $5,000, and acquired the land and built a playground on the city’s North side for $17,000; and built the Scott Street Municipal Parking Garage at a cost of $500,000. Nelson added that her father felt it was important for the city to remember its history, and led efforts to acquire and remove the old Davidson cabin to make way for the construction of Park Central High School, and to restore it in the city park complex near the stadium.
“My father wanted the stadium to serve all the schools of the Greater Bluefield area,” Nelson said during a telephone interview. She added that a program of all the games scheduled to be played at the stadium in 1954 included Bluefield, Graham and Park Central high school games as well as Bluefield State College games that season. “ This was a stadium for all to use. I think that is something my father would have been most proud of,” Nelson said.
In her letter to the city board, Nelson pointed out that history “gives richness and unique character to a city,” and urged the board to leave the stadium’s name as it is. “It is not old fashioned to retain public recognition of a citizen who thought Bluefield was a very special place and who worked to make it even better,” she wrote. “Mitchell Stadium seems an appropriate recognition of a city manager with a vision of what the city could be.” Emory Mitchell died in office in 1951 and his widow died in 1975. The family lived in a home at 1003 Heatherwood.
In the 1950s and early 1960s, West Virginia University and Virginia Tech would play their annual football game there, taking turns being the "home" team. In 2007, the two schools returned to the venue with a soccer game.
In the August 2007, new field turf was installed into the stadium by the June Shott Foundation. The same year they named the field after her. There have also been attempts to rename the stadium completely. In the summer of 2010, the Merrill Gainer Stadium Committee tried to get the stadiums name changed to Gainer Stadium in honor of legendary coach Merrill Gainer. Gainer coached at Bluefield High School from 1959–1967 and won 4 state championships. He later coached at Patrick Henry High School and won the 1973 Virginia AAA State Championship. The idea to change the name was eventually dropped because of a lack of interest from the public.
In the fall of 2011, Bluefield College resumed playing football for the first time since 1941. The Rams will call Mitchell Stadium home as they play its first varsity season in 71 years in 2012. Bluefield College is a member of the NAIA in the Mid-South Conference along with being a member of the National Christian College Athletic Association. BC is steeped in a tradition like few others. University of Alabama All-American B.E. “Mullie” Lenoir leads Bluefield to prominence, recording an overall record of 79-18-2 over an 11-year span that included their first perfect season in 1933, 9-0, including wins over Concord (WV), Salem, and Appalachian State University while running back Pete Young led the nation in scoring with 128 points, prompting the popular singer/songwriter Rudy Vallée to write the song, “Mr. Touchdown USA”.
The Annual Beaver/ Graham Game.
One of the biggest games of the year is the annual Beaver/Graham game. Around 12,000 people crowd the stadium from all over to watch the game.
The Beavers have a winning record over the G-Men which is 62-23-2. Most of the victories for Bluefield occurred when Bluefield was AAA and Graham was AA. The series is much closer in terms of wins and losses in the past several years. The rivalry is so big that highlights of the game have been shown on "Scholastic Sports America" which used to air on ESPN. In previous years, Bluefield fans would sit exclusively on the home side of the stadium. However, both teams call the stadium home, so recently the schools have alternated.
Second Chance Rocks the Two Virginias.
In 2011, Mitchell Stadium hosted a music festival called "Second Chance Rocks the Two Virginias." The festival was organized by partners of the Second Chance Learning Center, Erik Robinson and former MLB all-star pitcher Billy Wagner. Second Chance Learning Center gained most of the proceeds, in order to benefit area youth. The festival included country and country-rock acts, including Dierks Bentley, Montgomery Gentry, Craig Morgan, Justin Moore, Brantley Gilbert, Easton Corbin, and the local band Taylor Made. A group of teenagers also won a competition to be the opening act at the festival.
Second Chance Rocks was a success, with almost 20,000 people in attendance, and was scheduled for a second year. The revised lineup for 2012 included Eric Church, Jake Owen, Lee Brice, and Folk Soul Revival. The Second Chance Learning Center held a YouTube competition for another opening act and it was won by Andy Crawford. A Nashville-based Bluefield native, Sarah Allison Turner, also opened the festival. June 29, 2012 recorded the hottest temperature in Bluefield history. A derecho hit the festival (the most costly storm in West Virginia history) shortly after Lee Brice's set, and the stadium was quickly evacuated. Jake Owen posted on his Twitter, "One of the very few nights in my career where we had to cancel due to weather. Sorry y'all. WV, we'll make it up to ya."
Owen kept his promise and came back on August 26 along with Eric Church. The concert took heat from people who had bought tickets because it was the day after the Bristol IRWIN Tools 500 and the night before the first day of school. The show went on and to the tune of a sell out and a concert was secured for 2013.
The 2013 Second Chance concert was head lined by Justin Moore, the first act to return to the concert. Other acts were Craig Campbell, Shooter Jennings, JB and the Moonshine Band, Folk Soul Revival, and Clare Dunn.
Bluefield College Football.
On Saturday, August 11, 2012, Bluefield College hosted its first media day as football team. Bluefield College Rams football was
resurrected in 2011 after a 71-year old defunct span. Bluefield Rams will inaugurate their 2012 season at Mitchell Stadium against the University of Pikeville.
Virginia Tech / WVU Football.
In the 1950s and the 1960s, Mitchell Stadium also hosted the Virginia Tech Hokies and West Virginia Mountaineers in numerous college football games.
VIRGINIA TECH GAMES AT MITCHELL STADIUM:
Virginia Tech vs Washington & Lee October 26, 1935
Marshall University September 1951, 52, 53
West Virginia University November 7, 1953
North Carolina State November 12, 1955
East Carolina University September 15, 1956
http://www.hokiesports.com

</doc>
<doc id="18715480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715480" title="Li Zhenzhu">
Li Zhenzhu

Li Zhenzhu (born 13 December 1985 in Inner Mongolia) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase. 
She competed at the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final. She will represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best times are:

</doc>
<doc id="18715490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715490" title="Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam">
Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam

Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) is the power company responsible for power distribution in North Haryana. UHBVH is owned by Government of Haryana. Its headquarter is in Panchkula adjoining Chandigarh. This company is headed by Managing Director who is an IAS. It has two Operation Zones namely Panchkula and Rohtak. Each zone is headed by Chief Engineer. Both Zones have five circles each namely Ambala, Yamuna Nagar, Kurukshetra, Karnal, Kaithal in Panchkula Zone and Panipat, Sonipat, Jind, Rohtak and Jhajjar in Rohtak Zone.
Each circle is headed by Superintending Engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="18715491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715491" title="Ingrid Schoeller">
Ingrid Schoeller

Ingrid Schoeller was a German film actress best known for her roles as an action heroine in the 1960s.
Tall, slim and blonde, she played the lead role in spy films such as "A 008, operazione Sterminio".

</doc>
<doc id="18715496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715496" title="Hélio Rubens Garcia">
Hélio Rubens Garcia

Hélio Rubens Garcia (born Franca, Brazil, September 2, 1940) is a former Brazilian basketball player and coach. He participated in the 1967 and 1970 and 1974 FIBA World Championships with the Brazil national basketball team. Garcia also coached the 1990 FIBA World Championship squad.

</doc>
<doc id="18715497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715497" title="The Surprises of the Superhuman">
The Surprises of the Superhuman

"The Surprises of the Superhuman" is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book
of poetry, "Harmonium." It
was first published in 1918, so it is in the public
domain.
This poem was Section V of the poem-sequence "Lettres d'un Soldat"
(1918). It was extracted as "The Surprises of the Superhuman" for the
second edition of "Harmonium", along with "Negation"; the two poems
adjoin each other near the end of the book. Both poems reflect
Stevens's reading of Nietzsche. Bates comments that it contrasts the
bourgeois concept of justice with that suitable to
"Űbermenschlichkeit".

</doc>
<doc id="18715503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715503" title="Mark Krasniqi">
Mark Krasniqi

Mark Krasniqi (Serbian: Марк Краснићи, "Mark Krasnići") is a Kosovo Albanian ethnographer, publicist, writer, and translator. He was born on October 19, 1920 in Kokaj, near Peja, in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He finished his elementary school in Peja in Serbian language and due to his Catholic background attended catholic high school in Prizren, one of the few Albanians between Croatians and Slovenes, finishing it in 1941. After high school, he studied literature in University of Padova, Italy and after the World War II he studied Geography and Ethnography in the University of Belgrade. Krasniqi published in Rilindja newspaper since 1945 in Prizren. After writing an article related to Marije Shllaku, he was accused of overpassing the nationalistic boundaries and his scholarship got cancelled. Despite that, he graduated in 1950.
After his graduation until the end of 1961 he worked in the Science Academy in Belgrade, in the Institute of Ethnography, being one of the few Albanians to get a membership in the Yugoslavian Academy of Science. From 1961 he is a professor in the University of Pristina; he is also a member of Science Academy of Kosovo. He earned his PhD in the University of Ljubljana in 1960. He published various studies and scientific books on ethnography and geography as well as textbooks.
He was most widely known as a writer, especially for his poetry for children.
Krasniqi was a member of the Assembly of Kosovo during the legislatures of 2001-2004, 2004-2007, and 2007-2010 representing Albanian Demochristian Party of Kosovo, part of respectively LDK, LDK, and LDD parliamentary groups. He has also served as President of Academy of Sciences and Arts of Kosovo, Dean at the Faculty of Law and Economics, President of Albanian Christian-Democratic Party (PSHDK), and First Head of the Association of Writers of Kosovo.
<br>Beside Albanian and Serbo-Croatian he is fluent in Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="18715504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715504" title="Zhu Yanmei">
Zhu Yanmei

Zhu Yanmei (born 16 October 1986 in Shanxi) is a female Chinese athletics long-distance runner. She represented her native country at the 3,000 m steeplechase event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She also ran at the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="18715522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715522" title="Carina Axelsson">
Carina Axelsson

Carina Axelsson (born 5 August 1968) is a former fashion model and illustrator of three children's books.
Career.
Axelsson moved from California to New York in order to pursue a modeling career. This led to work with magazines such as Vogue and Marie Claire. Later, she moved to Paris, where she studied illustration. Axelsson went on to create the fictional dragon character of Nigel, who featured in her children's books "Nigel", "Nigel in Hyde Park" and "Nigel Goes to France". Axelsson will be launching Model Under Cover - a fiction series for children about a girl detective - to be published in the UK by Usborne Publishing.
Personal life.
Axelsson was born in Santa Cruz, California, to a Mexican mother and Swedish father. 
She is the partner of Gustav, Hereditary Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, a nephew of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark;
Axelsson is a godmother to the Danish Princess Athena, the daughter of Gustav's maternal cousin, Prince Joachim of Denmark.

</doc>
<doc id="18715535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715535" title="Jin Yuan">
Jin Yuan

Jin Yuan (born 11 February 1988 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase. 
She finished ninth at the 2005 Asian Championships and at the 2006 World Junior Championships. She competed in at the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final. She represented her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="18715548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715548" title="Jacob Wester">
Jacob Wester

Jacob Wester (born November 17, 1987 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish freeskier.
Skiing.
Jacob began Skiing at the age of five, but only appeared onto the freeskiing scene in 2005 when he finished second place at the Jon Olsson Invitational, later that year he won the "Air We Go" in Oslo, Norway. Jacob has been mentored by pro freeskier and fellow countryman Jon Olsson, with both him and Jon pushing the "doubles movement", doing tricks like double flips and double corks.
Personal life.
Jacob moved out of his parents house, in late 2008, and into an apartment just outside of Stockholm, he lives his with his girlfriend Sofia Sjöberg. When he's not skiing, Jacob goes surfing for at least 75 days of the year. Since being taught by Jon Olsson in June off 2006 while in Brazil he has surfed in Bali, Africa and Orange County, California. Jacob also ice skates and fishes on the lake near his apartment. Although he admits he has never been never a great artist, Jacob has recently started to practice tattooing, using a kit Sofia brought him for his birthday, he practices on fruits, fake skin, and his legs in the hope he can do it professionally once his skiing career is over. He also plays the guitar and can be seen here jamming in a guitar store in Aspen.[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VHA03S6yjA&eurl=http://jacobwester.com/2009/01/24/x-games-day-3-or-whatever/&feature=player_embedded]

</doc>
<doc id="18715556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715556" title="Zhao Yanni">
Zhao Yanni

Zhao Yanni (born 27 November 1986 in Shandong) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.
She won the gold medal at the 2007 Asian Championships. She will represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best time is 9:43.60 minutes, achieved in June 2008 in Suzhou. In the 3000 metres she has 9:12.49 minutes, achieved in October 2006 in Yantai.

</doc>
<doc id="18715559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715559" title="Computational trust">
Computational trust

In information security, computational trust is the generation of trusted authorities or user trust through cryptography. In centralised systems, security is typically based on the authenticated identity of external parties. Rigid authentication mechanisms, such as Public Key Infrastructures (PKIs) or Kerberos have allowed this model to be extended to distributed systems within a few closely collaborating domains or within a single administrative domain. During recent years, computer science has moved from centralised systems to distributed computing. This evolution has several implications for security models, policies and mechanisms needed to protect users’ information and resources in an increasingly interconnected computing infrastructure.
Identity-based security mechanisms cannot authorise an operation without authenticating the claiming entity. This means that no interaction can occur unless both parties are known by their authentication frameworks. Spontaneous interactions would, therefore, require a single, or a few trusted certificate authorities (CAs). In the present context, PKI has not been considered since they have issues, thus it is unlikely that they will establish themselves as a reference standard in the near future. A user who wishes to collaborate with another party can choose between enabling security and thereby disabling spontaneous collaboration, or disabling security and enabling spontaneous collaboration. It is fundamental that mobile users and devices can authenticate in an autonomous way without relying on a common authentication infrastructure. In order to face this problem, we need to examine the challenges introduced by "global computing", a term coined by the EU for the future of the global information society, and to identify their impact on security.
History.
Computational Trust applies the human notion of trust to the digital world, that is seen as malicious rather than cooperative. The expected benefits, according to Marsh et al., result in the use of others' ability through delegation, and in increased cooperation in an open and less protected environment. Research in the area of computational mechanisms for trust and reputation in virtual societies is directed towards increased reliability and performance of digital communities.
A trust-based decision in a specific domain is a multi-stage process. The first step of this process consists in identifying and selecting the proper input data, that is, the trust evidence. In general, these are domain-specific and are derived from an analysis conducted over the application involved. In the next step, a trust computation is performed on the evidence to produce trust values, that means the estimation of the trustworthiness of entities in that particular domain. The selection of evidence and the subsequent trust computation are informed by a notion of trust defined in the trust model. Finally, the trust decision is taken by considering the computed values and exogenous factors, like disposition or risk assessments.
Defining Trust.
These concepts have heightened relevance in the last decade in computer science, particularly in the area of distributed artificial intelligence. The multi-agent system paradigm and the growth of e-commerce have increased interest in trust and reputation. In fact, trust and reputation systems have been recognized as the key factors for electronic commerce. These systems are used by intelligent software agents as an incentive in decision-making, when deciding whether or not to honor contracts, and as a mechanism to search trustworthy exchange partners. In particular, reputation is used in electronic markets as a trust-enforcing mechanism or as a method to avoid cheaters and frauds.
Another area of application of these concepts in agent technology, is teamwork and cooperation.
Several definitions of the human notion of trust have been proposed during the last years in different domains from sociology, psychology to political and business science. These definitions may even change in accordance with the application domain. For example, Romano’s recent definition tries to encompass the previous work in all these domains:
Trust and reputation both have a social value. When someone is trustworthy, that person may be expected to perform in a beneficial or at least not in a suspicious way that assure others, with high probability, good collaborations with him. On the contrary, when someone appears not to be trustworthy, others refrain from collaborating since there is a lower level of probability that these collaborations will be successful.
Trust is strongly connected to confidence and it implies some degrees of uncertainty, hopefulness or optimism. Eventually, Marsh addressed the issue of formalizing trust as a computational concept in his PhD thesis. His trust model is based on social and psychological factors.
Trust model classification.
A lot of proposals have appeared in the literature and here a selection of computational trust and reputation models, that represent a good sample of the current research, is presented.
Trust and reputation can be analysed from different points of view and can be applied in many situations. The next classification is based considering the peculiar characteristics of these models and the environment where they evolve.
Conceptual model.
Trust and reputation model can be characterized as:
In models based on a cognitive approach, Trust and reputation are made up of underlying beliefs and are a function of the degree of these beliefs. The mental states, that lead to trust another agent or to assign a reputation, are an essential part of the model, as well as the mental consequences of the decision and the act of relying on another agent;
Trust and reputation are considered subjective probabilities by which the individual A, expects the individual B to perform a given action on which its welfare depends.
In this approach, trust and reputation are not the result of a mental state of the agent in a cognitive sense, but the result of a more pragmatic game with utility functions and numerical aggregation of past interactions.
Information sources.
It is possible to sort out models by considering the information sources used to compute Trust and reputation values. The traditional information sources are direct experiences and witness information, but recent models have started to consider the connection between information and the sociological aspect of agent’s behavior. When the model contains several information sources it can increase the reliability of the results, but conversely, it can increase the complexity of the model.
Direct experiences.
Direct experience is the most relevant and reliable information source for a Trust/reputation model. Two types of direct experiences can be recognizable:
Witness information.
Witness information, also called indirect information, is what comes from the experience of other members of community. It can be based on their own direct experience or on other data they gathered from others’ experience. Witness information is usually the most abundant but its use is complex for trust and reputation modelling. In fact, it introduces uncertainty and agents can manipulate or hide parts of the information for their own benefit.
Sociological information.
People that belong to a community establish different types of relations. Each individual plays one or several roles in that society, influencing their behavior and the interaction with other people. In a multi-agent system, where there are plenty of interactions, the social relations among agents are a simplified reflection of the more complex relations of their human counterparts. Only a few trust and reputation models adopt this sociological information, using techniques like social network analysis. These methods study social relationships among individuals in a society that emerged as a set of methods for the analysis of social structures, methods that specifically allow an investigation of the relational aspects of these structures.
Prejudice and Bias.
Prejudice is another, though uncommon, mechanism that influences trust and reputation. According to this method, an individual is given properties of a particular group that make him recognisable as a member. These can be signs such as a uniform, a definite behavior, etc.
As most people today use the word, "prejudice" refers to a negative or hostile attitude towards another social group, often racially defined. However, this negative connotation has to be revised when applied to agent communities. The set of signs used in computational trust and reputations models are usually out of the ethical discussion, differently from the signs used in human societies, like skin color or gender.
Most of the literature in cognitive and social sciences claims that humans exhibit non-rational, biased behavior with respect to trust. Recently biased human trust models have been designed, analyzed and validated against empirical data. The results show that such biased trust models are able to predict human trust significantly better than unbiased trust models.
Discussion on Trust/Reputation models.
The most relevant sources of information considered by the trust and reputation models presented before, are direct experiences and witness information. In e-markets, sociological information is almost non-existent and, in order to increase the efficiency of actual trust and reputation models, it should be considered. However, there is no reason to increase the complexity of models introducing trust evidence if, later, they have to be used in an environment where it is not possible to realise their capabilities. The aggregation of more trust and reputation evidence is useful in a computational model but it can increase its complexity making a general solution difficult. Several models are dependent on the characteristics of the environment and a possible solution could be the use of adaptive mechanisms that can modify how to combine different sources of information in a given environment. A lot of trust and reputation definitions have been presented and there are several works that give meaning to both concepts.
There is a relation between both the concepts that should be considered in depth: reputation is a concept that helps to build trust on others. Nowadays, game theory is the predominant paradigm considered to design computational trust and reputation models. In all likelihood, this theory is taken into account because a significant number of economists and computer scientists, with a strong background in game theory and artificial intelligence techniques, are working in multi-agent and e-commerce contexts. Game theoretical models produce good results but, when the complexity of the agents, in terms of social relations and interaction increases, become too restrictive. The exploration of new possibilities should be considered and, for example, there should be a merging of cognitive approaches with game theoretical ones. Apart from that, more trust evidence should be considered, as well as time-sensitive trust metrics. represent the first step to encourage the improvement of computational trust.
An important issue in modeling trust is represented by the transferability of trust judgements by different agents. Social scientists agree to consider unqualified trust values as not transferable, but a more pragmatic approach would conclude that qualified trust judgments are worth being transferred as far as decisions taken considering others’ opinion are better than the ones taken in isolation.
In 
the authors investigated the problem of trust transferability in open distributed environments, proposing a translation mechanism able to make information exchanged from one agent to another more accurate and useful.
Evaluation of Trust Models.
Currently, there is no commonly accepted evaluation framework or benchmark that would allow for a comparison of the models under a set of representative and common conditions. A game-theoretic approach in this direction has been proposed, where the configuration of a trust model is optimized assuming attackers with optimal attack strategies; this allows in a next step to compare the expected utility of different trust models. Similarly, a model-based analytical framework for predicting the effectiveness of reputation mechanisms against arbitrary attack models in arbitrary system models has been proposed for Peer-to-Peer systems.

</doc>
<doc id="18715561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715561" title="R48">
R48

R48 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18715566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715566" title="Fractured Transmitter Recording Company">
Fractured Transmitter Recording Company

Fractured Transmitter is a record company started by Jason Popson around the time he departed from Mushroomhead in 2004.
Bands Signed.
Pitch Black Forecast
Bitch Wrangler

</doc>
<doc id="18715569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715569" title="Bernard Quaife">
Bernard Quaife

Bernard William Quaife (24 November 1899 – 27 November 1984) was an English cricketer who played more than 300 first-class matches between the wars. He played first for Warwickshire, but later found much more success at Worcestershire, where (unlike at his original county) he became the usual wicket-keeper. He was the son of England Test player Willie Quaife.
Quaife made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Somerset at Bath in June 1920; he scored 11 and 20.
He played off and on for the next couple of years, though made no significant scores. One remarkable incident occurred in 1922, when Warwickshire played Derbyshire: Billy Bestwick and his son Robert bowled for Derbyshire against Willie Quaife and "his" son Bernard.
He had a better year in 1923, playing regularly and almost making a maiden hundred against Northamptonshire: he was 99 not out in the first innings when he ran out of partners.
He also took the first of his small haul of wickets when he dismissed Worcestershire's William Fox in late May.
However, this season was to be a one-off: the 704 runs he made easily exceeded the aggregate from his other six summers at Edgbaston, and after 1926 he left Warwickshire.
Quaife played not at all in 1927, making his Worcestershire debut the following June against Sussex and hitting 77 not out in the first innings.
He ended the year with over 900 first-class runs at a little under 26, including his long-awaited first century: 136 not out versus Glamorgan at the start of August.
Quaife captained Worcestershire for the first time in this game, as he was to do frequently later in his career. He was not at this point the regular wicket-keeper. That position did not fall to him until 1929, there then being no keeper already in the side,
though he did stand in two other matches in 1928.
From 1929 until the end of his career in 1937, Quaife was a regular in the Worcestershire side. His batting, said his "Wisden" obituarist, was "solid and consistent rather than brilliant",
but he still managed to pass a thousand runs for the season on two occasions, in 1933 and 1935, and to score two further hundreds. He made 107 against Middlesex in 1931, sharing a fourth-wicket stand of 277 with Harold Gibbons (183);
He also struck 109 versus Leicestershire in 1935.
By 1937, Syd Buller had taken over behind the stumps for Worcestershire, and Quaife was coming under pressure from other, younger players. He retired at the end of the season, although he acted as captain for a large number of games in the absence through illness of usual captain Charles Lyttelton for most of the summer.
Apart from his Test-playing father, Quaife had one other notable cricketing relative: his uncle, Walter Quaife, played over 200 first-class games, mainly for Sussex and Warwickshire, between 1884 and 1901.

</doc>
<doc id="18715593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715593" title="The Lucky One (Alison Krauss song)">
The Lucky One (Alison Krauss song)

"The Lucky One" is the first single from bluegrass artist, Alison Krauss' album, "New Favorite". The first of three singles released, this song was the only one to chart. It peaked at #46 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart; her biggest chart hit since "When You Say Nothing at All" hit #3 in 1995. The song also won a Grammy for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal as well as Best Country Song.
A music video was filmed and released prior to the release of the song. 

</doc>
<doc id="18715601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715601" title="Eberhard Fjord">
Eberhard Fjord

Eberhard Fjord is an arm of Seno Ultima Esperanza in the Patagonian region of Chile. This surface water body was named for Hermann Eberhard, the first European to explore this region. Eberhard used the fjord to find the Cueva del Milodón, where he discovered remains of the extinct Giant sloth; archaeological recovery of evidence of prehistoric man was also found at this cave complex. Geologically this fjord is within the Magallanes Basin.

</doc>
<doc id="18715613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715613" title="Test pilota Pirxa">
Test pilota Pirxa

Inquest of Pilot Pirx (, , translit. Doznanie pilota Pirksa, ) is a joint Polish//Estonian/Ukrainian 1978 film directed by Marek Piestrak based on the story "The Inquest" by Stanisław Lem from his short story collection More Tales of Pirx the Pilot. It was adapted for film by Vladimir Valutsky. It is a joint production by Dovzhenko Film Studios, Tallinnfilm, and Zespol Filmowy. Music by Arvo Pärt, sound by Aleksander Gołębiowski, cinematography by Janusz Pawlowski. Runtime 104 min.
Plot summary.
This movie is about a rocket pilot named Pirx who is hired to go on a mission to evaluate some nonlinears (robots) for use as crewmembers on future space flights. Pirx and his crew, made up of nonlinears and humans, are sent out to launch two satellites into the rings of Saturn. There is a near disaster and the human crew are almost killed. Upon returning to Earth there is an inquest to determine if Pirx was responsible for the "accident." In the end, it is found that one of the robots caused the malfunction in an attempt to kill the human crewmembers and Pirx is cleared of all charges.
In this tale Lem puts forth the idea that what is perceived a human weakness is in fact an advantage over a perfect machine. Pirx defeats the robot, because a human can hesitate, make wrong decisions, have doubts, but a robot cannot. A similar idea is present in Isaac Asimov's "Robot" series, where putting a robot in a position where it cannot chose between the Three laws of robotics fries its positronic brain.
Differences between the story and the movie.
The biggest difference is the fact that the movie tells the story in chronological order with the inquest taking place at the end while the short story starts with the inquest and then goes back in time from there. The movie also includes an assassination attempt on Pirx to prevent him from accepting the mission while this is not present in the short story. Another difference is that in the movie Pirx and his crew are attempting to launch two satellites into Saturn's rings while in the short story they are trying to launch three.
Reception.
Test pilota Pirxa was awarded the "Golden Asteroid" Big Prize on the XVIII International Cinema Festival at Triest 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18715617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715617" title="Laurien Hoos">
Laurien Hoos

Laurien Hoos (born August 18, 1983 in Beverwijk) is a Dutch athlete mainly active at the heptathlon and as a hurdler.
Biography.
Laurien Hoos was born out of a total athletics family. Almost everybody from her mothers side of the family has been active in the sport as well. After she got her swimming degrees at the age of six she was allowed to start in athletics as well. She started training twice a week at Atletiekvereniging Hera, which is still her team nowadays. She has an older brother Jeroen (June 11, 1979) and a younger sister Lisanne (July 2, 1987).
When Hoos reached the level of D-junior she added two speciality training opportunities to her schedule as she started to practice as a hurdler and to practice for the throwing disciplines in the sport. She did these extra training sessions once in two weeks. Through the years the training sessions became more intense and more professional, resulting in an invitation for the national heptathlon selection of the Netherlands in the end of 1997. After participating in several international junior nation challenges Hoos was invited for her first senior meeting in 2001 when she took part in the European Cup in Ried, Austria. During this event she reached the limits that were needed to participate in the European Junior Championships, but because there were two other Dutch athletes who did the same and who got higher scores she was still sidelined for the tournament.
In 2002 she managed to qualify herself for the World Junior Championships in Kingston, Jamaica. After the first day she was on the 4th position in the rankings. Due to three errors at the long jump the following day she was set back in the rankings, resulting in disappointment. Also during the European Cup in 2002 as well as the Dutch National Championships in 2003 she managed to make three errors at the long jump. Her next mission was the European Cup 2003 in Tallinn, Estonia where she got rid of the negativity surrounding her performances. She qualified for the European Under-23 Championships with 5592 points, which was a new personal best with 180 points. During the European Championships she impressed with a 7th position overall.
After the summer she started doing extra long jump training sessions and later she also got extra high jump and hurdle jump sessions. In 2004 she did not take part in any notable tournaments, but she did manage to become the best Dutch athlete at the European Cup meeting in Hengelo where she improved her personal best to 5631 points. At the en d of the year she broke up with coach Peter Winkel and found a new coach in the person of Joseph Sweeney.
The training sessions became even more intense and the progression was visible straight away. At the 5 nations tournament in Clermont-Ferrand in February 2005 she improved her personal best at four out of five pentathlon disciplines and improved her pentathlon record with 300 points. Due to this result she was invited to take part in the European Indoor Championships in Madrid where she reached a 10th position. At the Dutch National Championships she won the gold medal at the 60m hurdles. The European Indoor Championship result gave her an invitation for the heptathlon meeting in Götzis where her personal best of 5631 was far beyond the other invited athletes. During the event Hoos impressed with a massive score of 6214 points, bringing her straight among the world class performers and even breaking Karin Ruckstuhl's national record. Ruckstuhl however also improved her personal best during the same event and gained even more points than the Hoos's final result. Still she could consider herself as the Dutch 2nd athlete at the heptathlon. At the end of 2004 she was 97th in the World rankings, but after her performances in Gotzis she was 9th in the World and was she the athlete to beat at the European Under-23 Championships in Erfurt. In Erfurt she was capable of performing to her standards and she won the gold medal with a new personal best score of 6291 points. Besides winning the gold she also broke the Championship record as well as the Dutch national under-23 record. During the event in Götzis she also reached the limits for the World Championships that were held in Helsinki. During the second event, the high jump, she suffered an injury and had to cancel the rest of the event.
The injury she suffered in Helsinki was just a start for more physical disappointments. In January 2006 she damaged her quadriceps femoris muscle and in April 2006 she damaged her ankle at three different spots, which meant the end of he 2006 season. She made her comeback in Götzis in 2007, but due to bronchitis and sinusitis she only reached a total of 6061 points during that event. That result was however enough to qualify for the World Championships in Osaka, but in the last week before the deadline a third Dutch athlete, Yvonne Wisse improved Hoos's score and as there were only three tickets (the others went to Ruckstuhl and Jolanda Keizer) available she was unable to go to Japan. Instead of participating at the World Championships she competed at an international event in Woerden and she won the meeting with 6199 points, which was enough for an Olympic nomination. At the end of 2007 Hoos decided to move to France to live with her partner and fellow athlete Rudy Bourguignon in Amiens. She divided her time over both France and the Netherlands to a 50-50 scale, but had to say goodbye to coach Arno Mul as Bourguignon's coach Jean-Paul Bourdon would take over from him. 
To qualify for the 2008 Summer Olympics Hoos only needed to score a total of 5800 points in 2008 due to her performance in Woerden. At the international meeting in Arles she scored 5961 points and finished second, which was enough to secure her Olympic debut in Beijing. To refine some of her disciplines on the road to China she focused a bit more on the shot put and on the hurdles, resulting in two bronze medals at the Dutch National Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="18715618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715618" title="R49">
R49

R49 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18715641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715641" title="William Westwood, 2nd Baron Westwood">
William Westwood, 2nd Baron Westwood

William Westwood, 2nd Baron Westwood (25 December 1907 – 8 November 1991) was a British peer, director of Hornby Railways and former chairman of Newcastle United.
Biography.
Westwood lost one of his eyes in a car accident in 1956. As a result, he wore an eye patch for the rest of his life. Upon the death of his father in 1953, he inherited his father's title and estate.
Lord Westwood followed his father, seven years after the death of his father, into the Newcastle United boardroom in 1960. Three years later he became chairman and was to hold the post for the next 18 years. The colourful chairman was at the helm the last time the club captured a meaningful trophy, the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. In that time he was voted president of the Football League in 1974, vice-chairman of the Football Association and served on the UEFA professional committee.
Lord Westwood was known as a man who dominated the boardroom with his razor sharp wit, a talent which made him an outstanding after dinner speaker and a captivating conversationalist.
Despite his good record as chairman he resigned from the board under controversial circumstances in 1981. Newcastle United were in dire straits and each director had been asked to put a £16,000 guarantee into the club to help finances. Lord Westwood had just been hit with a big financial loss following the stock market collapse of DCM, Europe's leading toy company, of which he was also chairman, and he refused to dig any deeper in helping out Newcastle United.
Hornby Railways released a model Hall Class Locomotive in 1973 and 1974 called "Lord Westwood".
The lowest point in his stint as chairman was in the crisis-torn year of 1977, when six leading first team players threatened to quit the club after contract talks broke down. Amid allegations of back-stabbing in the boardroom, when Lord Westwood, claimed himself and the then just sacked manager Richard Dinnis were being "knifed in the back", he ordered a complete ban of every Newcastle United employee, especially the players, from talking to the press. After a string of defeats, Newcastle went down 2–1 to Arsenal at St James' Park and hundreds of demonstrators called for the chairman's resignation with angry shouts of "Westwood out". Many fans fought among themselves in the Leazes End and there were 10 arrests.
Lord Westwood died in 8 November 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="18715647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715647" title="435 Transport and Rescue Squadron">
435 Transport and Rescue Squadron

435 Transport and Rescue Squadron (French: "435e Escadron de transport et de sauvetage"), nicknamed "Chinthe Squadron", is a Royal Canadian Air Force strategic transport, aerial refueling and search and rescue unit based at Canadian Forces Base (CFB) Winnipeg in the Western province of Manitoba, Canada. The squadron flies eight Lockheed CC-130H Hercules aircraft. In addition to being the only provider of tactical fighter air-to-air refueling in Canada, the squadron is a provider of primary search and rescue response for the largest search and rescue region in Canada, controlled from CFB Trenton. The squadron keeps an aircraft on constant readyness to deploy, with airborne Search and Rescue Technicians (SAR Techs) standing by to respond within 30 minutes of notification during weekdays and 2 hours at other times. The Trenton Search and Rescue Region, also covered by the 424 Transport and Rescue Squadron, extends from Quebec City to the Rocky Mountains, and from the Canada–United States border to the North Pole, covering most of Central, Western, and Northern Canada.
History.
No. 435 Squadron RCAF was formed on 1 November 1944 in Gujarat, India during the Burma Campaign, flying the Douglas Dakota in support of the Fourteenth Army. After war's end, the unit was relocated to England, where it provided transport to Canadian Army units in Europe. Deactivated on 1 April 1946 in England and re-activated three months later at RCAF Station Edmonton, the squadron relocated a few miles north to RCAF Station Namao in 1955, flying the Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar. The unit was re-equipped with the C-130B Hercules in 1960 and upgraded to the C-130E in 1966. Due to requirements in the federal budget, the squadron was moved from Edmonton to 17 Wing Winnipeg in 1994, operating from Hangar 16, a Recognized Federal Heritage Building since 2007.
More recently, the squadron took part in Operation Southern Watch in Iraq, Operation Allied Force in Kosovo, Operation Noble Eagle domestically, and Operation Mobile during the 2011 Libyan civil war. The squadron has also participated in several exercises and support missions, and was the first Canadian unit to land a plane in Jacmel shortly after the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake.

</doc>
<doc id="18715656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715656" title="Kid Montana">
Kid Montana

Kid Montana began as an alter-ego for Belgian musician Jean-Marc Lederman (The Weathermen/Jules et Jim) in 1981. He released an EP entitled "Statistics Mean Nothing When You Get On The Wrong Plane" in early 1982. Following this, he was joined by American singer Dudley Kludt (The Magnetic Fields, Flare Acoustic Arts League) for the remainder of the group's lifetime. They released a further few EPs before working on their first full length album "Temperamental". A double A-side single was released from the album, "Still Colours Waiting"/"Spooky", and promotional videos for both tracks got some airplay on European music shows.
Kid Montana split in 1987. Belgian label Les Disques du Crépuscule re-issued the album "Temperamental" on CD in 1990 with bonus tracks. The album, along with the compiled EPs, were remastered and reissued as a 2-CD collection in August 2008 by LTM Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="18715662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715662" title="Deutscher Amateur-Radio-Club">
Deutscher Amateur-Radio-Club

The Deutsche Amateur-Radio-Club e.V. (DARC) (in English, German Amateur Radio Club) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Germany. As of 1 January 2008, the organization had 44,246 members, approximately 60% of all licensed amateur radio operators in Germany. Key membership benefits of the organization include QSL bureau services, a monthly membership magazine called "CQ DL", and the promotion and sponsorship of radio contests. DARC promotes amateur radio by organizing classes and technical support to help enthusiasts earn their amateur radio license. The DARC also represents the interests of German amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before German and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. DARC is the national member society representing Germany in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18715692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715692" title="Seltaeb">
Seltaeb

Seltaeb was a company set up in 1963, by Nicky Byrne ("né" Douglas Anthony Nicholas Byrne) to exclusively look after merchandising interests on behalf of Brian Epstein, who managed NEMS Enterprises and The Beatles: John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr.
Directly prior to The Beatles' first American visit, Brian Epstein wanted someone to manage the escalating volume of merchandising requests that NEMS found itself unable to cope with, and asked his lawyer, David Jacobs, to oversee this task. Jacobs knew Nicky Byrne and asked him if he would be interested in taking over the merchandising subdivision from NEMS altogether, paying NEMS a commission. Byrne accepted the offer subject to a 90% rate, leaving only 10% for the Beatles and NEMS combined. Completely unaware of the potential market that existed, particularly in America, Epstein agreed to the deal, and subsequently lost The Beatles an estimated $100,000,000 in possible income.
In December 1963 Byrne took over the control of Stramsact in the UK, and then set up Seltaeb (Beatles spelt backwards) in the USA. Epstein was able to renegotiate a more favourable commission of 49% in August 1964, but then became embroiled in a three-year court battle with Byrne regarding payment of monies due, during which time potential sponsors lost interest. In August 1967 Epstein died, from what was ruled an accidental overdose of a prescribed drug. Jacobs was found hanged in his garage on 15 December 1968. Byrne later retired to the Bahamas.
Merchandising.
Before the Beatles achieved nationwide success in Britain, Epstein had permitted a small company (run by his cousins, and which initially catered only to fan club members) to produce Beatles' sweaters for 30 shillings and badges for six pence, eventually selling 15,000 sweaters and 50,000 badges as the Beatles' popularity grew. When Beatlemania stormed the UK in 1963, Epstein was besieged by novelty goods companies wanting to use The Beatles' name and images on plastic guitars, drums, disc racks, badges, belts and a huge variety of assorted merchandise. Epstein was adamant that the Beatles would not directly endorse any product, but through NEMS Enterprises he would grant discretionary licences to companies who were able to produce a quality product at a fair price, although many companies were already selling products without a licence.
When NEMS was swamped with offers of endorsements from America following the success of "I Want To Hold Your Hand", Epstein, who was usually meticulous in matters involving the Beatles, decided to delegate this responsibility as he felt it was distracting him from his main task of managing his expanding roster of artists. He then asked Jacobs, his London-based, Hove-living celebrity lawyer (Jacobs's other clients included Marlene Dietrich, Diana Dors, Judy Garland, Liberace and Laurence Harvey) to appoint someone specifically to take over the assignment and gave Jacobs power of attorney in the matter. Jacobs at first handed the daily management of this to his chief clerk, Edward Marke, but it transpired that Marke knew almost nothing about the merchandising business, and so Jacobs was forced to look elsewhere.
Jacobs knew of a Chelsea socialite, a 37-year-old divorcé called Nicky Byrne, and when encountering him at a friend's cocktail party offered him the project, saying that "Brian has made a terrible mess out of this [merchandising." Byrne, who has said he had been "sitting around doing nothing for half of 1963" was an ex-Horse Guard trooper and amateur racing driver. He had also previously been involved in music publishing, clothes design, theatre production, managing the Condor club in London, and was also known as being a part of a group of people who called themselves "The King's Road Rats". He had not had any previous experience of merchandising or managing a large business.
Byrne was at first reluctant but later agreed, and delivered the merchandising contract to Jacobs's office on 4 December 1963, leaving blank the percentages. Jacobs asked Byrne what percentage rate he should write down to which Byrne ambiguously replied: "Oh, look, just put in 10%." A typical percentage would have been 75% or 80% for NEMS, and Byrne expected Epstein would begin to negotiate. However, the contract came back initialled (meaning Epstein had read it) and signed by Epstein and Jacobs. Jacobs's advice to Epstein was, "10% is better than nothing". This lapse of shrewdness set the scene for what would later become a legal battleground which deprived the Beatles and Brian Epstein of such large sums of money they would have easily overshadowed any royalties they would receive in the medium term from the sale of records. Byrne later said: "They couldn't wait to get somebody else to do this, because they were in a mess themselves." Epstein would later realise that he had made a colossal error of judgment, as Byrne charged 10% commission to the merchandisers for a licence (receiving $10 out of every hundred) and then giving 10% of that to NEMS, which was $1.
Byrne controlled two companies: Stramsact in the UK and Europe, and Seltaeb in the USA. He invited five friends to become partners — four of whom were unknown to either Jacobs or Epstein — with each investing around $1,600. They were: Mark Warman, Simon Miller-Munday, John Fenton (a business acquaintance of Jacobs) Peregrine Eliot (heir to the ninth Earl of St Germans) and Malcolm Evans (not to be confused with Mal Evans, the Beatles' roadie).
During the first Beatles' flight to America Epstein was offered numerous samples of products by merchandisers who required a licence to be allowed to sell them such as clocks, pens, plastic wigs, bracelets, and games. Epstein rejected all of them; directing the merchandisers to Byrne instead, who was already in New York ensconced in The Drake Hotel on Park Avenue at 56th Street. Byrne rented expensive offices on Fifth Avenue, hiring two limousines (on 24-hour standby) and a helicopter to fly clients to and from the airport, insisting that only the presidents of merchandising companies were allowed to talk directly with him, or with his partner, Lord Eliot, who helped to promote the company name with use of his title. Eliot would later recall going to the Seltaeb office once or twice a week to draw $1,000 from petty cash.
The "Wall Street Journal" predicted that American teenagers would spend $50 million during 1964, on wigs, dolls, egg cups, T-shirts, sweatshirts and narrow-legged pants, and the New York Times wrote that the Reliance Manufacturing Company's factories were "smoking night and day... to meet demand", and had already sold products valued at the retail value of $2.5 million. The Reliant Shirt Corporation paid $100,000 for a licence and sold over a million Beatle T-shirts in three days, Remco Toys had produced 100,000 Beatles' dolls and had orders for another 500,000, and the Lowell Toy Corporation were selling Beatle wigs faster than they could produce them, at more than 35,000 per day.
Seltaeb licensed over 150 different items internationally: Beatle dolls, scarves, mugs, bath water, wigs, t-shirts, bubble gum, liquorice, empty cans of "Beatle Breath", badges, and many more. The badges had "Seltaeb 1964 Chicago Made in USA" on one side, and "Green Duck Co., Chicago Made in USA" on the other. (The Green Duck metal stamping company was based at 1520 West Montana, Chicago, operating from 1906 until the late 1960s, making election badges for politicians, as well as memorial spoons). American businessmen saw The Beatles' merchandising as the “biggest marketing opportunity since Walt Disney created Micky Mouse”. The Columbia Pictures Corporation offered to buy Byrne’s share in the companies for $500,000, with the incentives that the money would be paid into a low-tax offshore bank account in the Bahamas, Byrne and his partners would retain 50% control of the companies, and Ferrari cars would be given free to every partner, but Byrne turned down the offer.
Percentages and court cases.
Byrne passed on the first cheque for $9,700 to Epstein, who was impressed, but after innocently asking how much out of the amount Byrne was owed, was told, "Nothing Brian, that’s your 10%". Byrne then went on to describe the massive amount of interest he was getting from companies across the USA. Epstein was horrified, realising he had made an appalling error by accepting such a small percentage, and decided he could never tell The Beatles. He immediately instructed Jacobs to re-negotiate the contract with Byrne, which was finally achieved seven months later, in August 1964, which raised the royalty to 49%.
In "The Times" on 9 December 1964, it was reported that Eliot was suing Byrne for damages of $1 million. Eliot accused Byrne of spending $150,000 for his "personal comfort and benefit", over some months. The suit also accused Byrne of charging hotel bills to Seltaeb, which were as much as $19,000 every week for girlfriends, and also opening "charge accounts for them in Fifth Avenue shops". Eliot also alleged that Byrne had hired a chauffeur for $700 a week and had withheld $55,000 in royalties to NEMS, after which NEMS had said they would cancel the agreement between the two companies unless monies were forthcoming. Byrne denied all the charges, but admitted he had hired a chauffeur, as he was not familiar with the streets of New York. A supreme court judge reserved his decision.
Epstein accused Seltaeb of not accounting properly, and cancelled its power to grant licences, which started a counter-lawsuit by Byrne against Epstein's New York accountant, Walter Hofer, asking for $5,168,000 in damages. Epstein then instructed NEMS employees to deal directly with American companies, so Byrne instigated court proceedings, which took three years to settle, as it entailed 39 individual claims against NEMS. Byrne won the case, and Epstein paid the court costs and legal bills himself, although the judgement was later vacated; meaning to cancel it, or render it null and void. Due to the legal battle, Woolworth’s, J. C. Penney, and other companies refused to finalise any merchandising agreements, cancelling orders worth $78 million. The court case and its effect was estimated to have lost NEMS and The Beatles approximately $100,000,000.
Maximus Enterprises.
Epstein later launched Maximus Enterprises Ltd., to try to capitalise on the merchandising boom, but as so many companies had withdrawn their interest in the wake of the Seltaeb fiasco, and Lennon had angered America’s bible belt with his remark suggesting that The Beatles were "more popular than Jesus", the opportunity had passed. Epstein feared that the Beatles would not renew their contracts with him—due to expire in the Autumn of 1967—if they discovered the truth about Seltaeb. Epstein's problems with Seltaeb would remain with him until his death on 27 August 1967, from what was ruled an accidental overdose of a prescribed drug. Many investors had also missed out on massive profits following the cancelling of contracts, and Byrne would later claim of having received two mysterious phone calls foretelling of Epstein’s death. Jacobs was found hanged in his garage on 15 December 1968. Days before his death Jacobs had asked for police protection, telling a private detective, "I'm in terrible trouble, they're all after me," and going on to list six well-known showbusiness people. Byrne retired to the Bahamas on his yacht, later moving to the Trowbridge area of Wiltshire.
Aftermath.
At the time, very few managers of pop groups knew about the income music merchandising could generate, as very few artists survived long enough in the pop domain to be a viable investment. As far as Epstein was concerned it was merely good public relations, and any revenue that arose from the sale of Beatles-endorsed products was regarded as merely extra money that supplemented the Beatles' individual incomes from live performances and record sales. Epstein had not recognised an industry which had grossed $20 million for Elvis Presley in 1957 alone.
Alistair Taylor (Epstein’s assistant) later admitted that financial mistakes were made: "We did our best; some people have said it wasn't good enough. That's easy to say with 20/20 hindsight but remember that there were no rules. We were making it up as we went along."
In America Epstein had met the well-known divorce lawyer, Nat Weiss, whom Epstein later asked to take over the merchandising affairs of the Beatles and NEMS. Weiss would later state, “The reality is that the Beatles never saw a penny out of the merchandising ... Tens of millions of dollars went down the drain because of the way the whole thing was mishandled. Even after the judgement was vacated, you could smell the smoke from the ashes, that’s how badly they had been burned.” Beatles' memorabilia, licenced by Seltaeb, is still sold at Beatles' conventions and on the internet.
Lennon said years later: "On the business end he ripped us off on the Seltaeb thing." McCartney also said: "He [Epstein looked to his dad for business advice, and his dad knew how to run a furniture store in Liverpool." Richard DiLello later wrote about the financial mistakes made by The Beatles themselves in "The Longest Cocktail Party: An Insider's Diary of The Beatles, Their Million-dollar Apple Empire and Its Wild Rise and Fall".

</doc>
<doc id="18715711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715711" title="Marie Josephine Goetz">
Marie Josephine Goetz

Marie Josephine Goetz (7 March 1817 – 4 January 1874) was a French nun, the second superior-general of the Society of the Sacred Heart.
Life.
She was the daughter of Joseph Goetz of Strasburg and Marie Anne Wagner;her parents dying early, her education was left to the care of an aunt who sent her to school at the Convent of the Sacred Heart, Besançon. At the age of seventeen she entered the novitiate of the Sacred Heart at Montet and took her first vows in 1837. 
In 1842 she was entrusted with the charge of the school at Besançon, which was going through a difficult phase, and showed judicious management. Immediately after profession in 1847 she was appointed mistress of novices at Conflans. She continued in this charge, to which was afterwards added the government of the house as superior, until 1864, when she was named vicar-general. 
The failing strength of Sophie Barat, who founded the Society, made it necessary for her to have some one at hand, to whom she could communicate her views for the future. She found a full understanding of them in Mother Josephine Goetz, who was elected superior-general in 1865.
Mother Goetz governed as superior-general for nine years. Her work was principally one of consolidation. She established a training school at Conflans to prepare the young religious for their duties as teachers, and entrusted to a small committee the revision and adaptation of the curriculum of studies to the growing needs of the order. During the Franco-Prussian war and the time of the siege and Commune in Paris, Reverend Mother Goetz was obliged to withdraw to Laval, that communications with her religious might not be cut off. 
She made visitations of the houses then existing in Europe, as far as time and health permitted - but her strength rapidly failed and she died from a stroke of paralysis, after a few days' illness. 

</doc>
<doc id="18715719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715719" title="Charles Wallace (cricketer)">
Charles Wallace (cricketer)

Charles William Wallace (24 November 1884 – 5 September 1946) was an English cricketer who played four first-class matches for Worcestershire in the early 1920s. His only significant score was the unbeaten 39 he hit against Hampshire in June 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="18715720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715720" title="SpectorDance Company">
SpectorDance Company

The SpectorDance Company is a professional dance company located in Marina, CA. Led by artistic director and choreographer Fran Spector Atkins, the company's repertoire focuses on modern dance that integrates music, spoken word and visual technology. The company was selected by The Arts Council for Monterey County as the Outstanding Arts Organization in Monterey County in January 2007 and was a finalist for the Ovations TV award for Excellence in the Performing Arts. The company was also recently featured in the journal of the National Endowment for the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="18715722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715722" title="Alberto Lupo">
Alberto Lupo

Alberto Lupo (byname of Alberto Zoboli; 19 December 1924 - 13 August 1984) was an Italian film and television actor best known for his roles in swash-buckling and actions films of the 1960s.
He starred in films such as "A 008, operazione Sterminio" in 1965 as Agent 006.

</doc>
<doc id="18715723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715723" title="Michigan Civil Service Commission">
Michigan Civil Service Commission

The Michigan Civil Service Commission is a four member constitutional created commission to administer Michigan's classified state civil service and human resource functions.
History.
Initial created in Michigan's 1908 Constitution, the Commission continue into the next ratified Constitution of 1963. In the Executive Organization Act of 1965, the Department of Civil Service with the Commission as its head with its chief administrative officer being the State Personnel Director. Under EXECUTIVE ORDER No.2007 - 30, the Department of Civil Service was abolished with the Board of Ethics, State Officers Compensation Commission and Civil Service Commission transfer to Department of Management and Budget.

</doc>
<doc id="18715724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715724" title="Grushko theorem">
Grushko theorem

In the mathematical subject of group theory, the Grushko theorem or the Grushko-Neumann theorem is a theorem stating that the rank (that is, the smallest cardinality of a generating set) of a free product of two groups is equal to the sum of the ranks of the two free factors. The theorem was first obtained in a 1940 article of Grushko and then, independently, in a 1943 article of Neumann.
Statement of the theorem.
Let "A" and "B" be finitely generated groups and let "A"∗"B" be the free product of "A" and "B". Then
It is obvious that rank("A"∗"B") ≤ rank("A") + rank("B") since if X is a finite generating set of "A" and "Y" is a finite generating set of "B" then "X"∪"Y" is a generating set for "A"∗"B" and that |"X"∪"Y"|≤|"X"| + |"Y"|. The opposite inequality, rank("A"∗"B") ≥ rank("A") + rank("B"), requires proof.
There is a more precise version of Grushko's theorem in terms of Nielsen equivalence. It states that if "M" = ("g"1, "g"2, ..., "g""n") is an "n"-tuple of elements of "G" = "A"∗"B" such that "M" generates "G", <"g"1, "g"2, ..., "g""n"> = "G", then "M" is Nielsen equivalent in "G" to an "n"-tuple of the form 
History and generalizations.
After the original proofs of Grushko (1940) and Neumann(1943), there were many subsequent alternative proofs, simplifications and generalizations of Grushko's theorem. A close version of Grushko's original proof is given in the 1955 book of Kurosh.
Like the original proofs, Lyndon's proof (1965) relied on length-functions considerations but with substantial simplifications. A 1965 paper of Stallings
A 1970 paper of Zieschang gave a Nielsen equivalence version of Grushko's theorem (stated above) and provided some generalizations of Grushko's theorem for amalgamated free products. Scott (1974) gave another topological proof of Grushko's theorem, inspired by the methods of 3-manifold topology Imrich (1984) gave a version of Grushko's theorem for free products with infinitely many factors.
A 1976 paper of Chiswell gave a relatively straightforward proof of Grushko's theorem, modelled on Stallings' 1965 proof, that used the techniques of Bass-Serre theory. The argument directly inspired the machinery of "foldings" for group actions on trees and for graphs of groups and an even more straightforward proof of Grushko's theorem (see, for example,
Grushko's theorem is, in a sense, a starting point in Dunwoody's theory of "accessibility" for finitely generated and finitely presented groups. Since the ranks of the free factors are smaller than the rank of a free product, Grushko's theorem implies that the process of iterated splitting of a finitely generated group "G" as a free product must terminate in a finite number of steps (more precisely, in at most rank("G") steps). There is a natural similar question for iterating splittings of finitely generated groups over finite subgroups. Dunwoody proved that such a process must always terminate if a group "G" is finitely presented but may go on forever if "G" is finitely generated but not finitely presented.
An algebraic proof of a substantial generalization of Grushko's theorem using the machinery of groupoids was given by Higgins (1966). Higgins' theorem starts with groups "G" and "B" with free decompositions "G" = ∗"i" "G""i", "B" = ∗"i" "B""i" and "f" : "G" → "B" a morphism such that "f"("Gi") = "Bi" for all "i". Let "H" be a subgroup of "G" such that "f"("H") = "B". Then "H" has a decomposition "H" = ∗"i" "H""i" such that "f"("H""i") = "B""i" for all "i". Full details of the proof and applications may also be found in 
Grushko decomposition theorem.
A useful consequence of the original Grushko theorem is the so-called Grushko decomposition theorem. It asserts that any nontrivial finitely generated group "G" can be decomposed as a free product
where each of the groups "A""i" is nontrivial, freely indecomposable (that is, it cannot be decomposed as a free product) and not infinite cyclic, and where "Fs" is a free group of rank "s";
moreover, for a given "G", the groups "A"1, ..., "A""r" are unique up to a permutation of their conjugacy classes in "G" (and, in particular, the sequence of isomorphism types of these groups is unique up to a permutation) and the numbers "s" and "r" are unique as well.
More precisely, if "G" = "B"1∗...∗"B""k"∗"F""t" is another such decomposition then "k" = "r", "s" = "t", and there exists a permutation σ∈"S""r" such that for each "i"=1...,"r" the subgroups "A""i" and "B"σ("i") are conjugate in "G".
The existence of the above decomposition, called the Grushko decomposition of "G", is an immediate corollary of the original Grushko theorem, while the uniqueness statement requires additional arguments (see, for example).
Algorithmically computing the Grushko decomposition for specific classes of groups is a difficult problem which primarily requires being able to determine if a given group is freely decomposable. Positive results are available for some classes of groups such as torsion-free word-hyperbolic groups, certain classes of relatively hyperbolic groups, fundamental groups of finite graphs of finitely generated free groups and others.
Grushko decomposition theorem is a group-theoretic analog of the Kneser prime decomposition theorem for 3-manifolds which says that a closed 3-manifold can be uniquely decomposed as a connected sum of irreducible 3-manifolds.
Sketch of the proof using Bass-Serre theory.
The following is a sketch of the proof of Grushko's theorem based on the use of foldings techniques for groups acting on trees (see for complete proofs using this argument).
Let "S"={"g"1...,"g""n"} be a finite generating set for "G"="A"∗"B" of size |"S"|="n"=rank("G"). Realize "G" as the fundamental group of a graph of groups Y which is a single non-loop edge with vertex groups "A" and "B" and with the trivial edge group. Let formula_1 be the Bass-Serre covering tree for Y. Let "F"="F"("x"1...,"x""n") be the free group with free basis "x"1...,"x""n" and let φ0:"F" → "G" be the homomorphism such that φ0("x""i")="g""i" for "i"=1...,"n". Realize "F" as the fundamental group of a graph "Z"0 which is the wedge of "n" circles that correspond to the elements "x"1...,"x""n". We also think of Z0 as a graph of groups with the underlying graph "Z"0 and the trivial vertex and edge groups. Then the universal cover formula_2 of "Z"0 and the Bass-Serre covering tree for Z0 coincide. Consider a φ0-equivariant map formula_3 so that it sends vertices to vertices and edges to edge-paths. This map is non-injective and, since both the source and the target of the map are trees, this map ""folds"" some edge-pairs in the source. The graph of groups Z0 serves as an initial approximation for Y.
We now start performing a sequence of "folding moves" on Z0 (and on its Bass-Serre covering tree) to construct a sequence of graphs of groups Z0, Z1, Z2, ..., that form better and better approximations for Y. Each of the graphs of groups Zj has trivial edge groups and comes with the following additional structure: for each nontrivial vertex group of it there assigned a finite generating set of that vertex group. The "complexity" "c"(Z"j") of Z"j" is the sum of the sizes of the generating sets of its vertex groups and the rank of the free group "π"1("Z""j"). For the initial approximation graph we have "c"(Z0)="n".
The folding moves that take Z"j" to Z"j"+1 can be of one of two types:
One sees that the folding moves do not increase complexity but they do decrease the number of edges in "Z""j". Therefore the folding process must terminate in a finite number of steps with a graph of groups Z"k" that cannot be folded any more. It follows from the basic Bass-Serre theory considerations that Z"k" must in fact be equal to the edge of groups Y and that Z"k" comes equipped with finite generating sets for the vertex groups "A" and "B". The sum of the sizes of these generating sets is the complexity of Z"k" which is therefore less than or equal to "c"(Z0)="n". This implies that the sum of the ranks of the vertex groups "A" and "B" is at most "n", that is 
rank("A")+rank("B")≤rank("G"), as required.
Sketch of Stalling's proof.
Stallings' proof of Grushko Theorem follows from the following lemma.
Lemma.
Let "F" be finitely generated free group, with "n" generators. Let "G1" and "G2" be two finitely presented groups. Suppose there exists a surjective homomorphism formula_4, then there exists two subgroups "F1" and "F2" of "F" with formula_5 and formula_6 such that formula_7.
Proof: 
We give the proof assuming that "F" has no generator which is mapped to the identity of formula_8, for if there are such generators, they may be added to any of formula_9 or formula_10.
The following general results are used in the proof.
1. There is a one or two dimensional CW complex, "Z" with fundamental group "F". By Van Kampen theorem, the wedge of "n" circles is one such space.
2. There exists a two complex formula_11 where formula_12 is a point on a one cell of "X" such that "X1" and "X2" are two complexes with fundamental groups "G1" and "G2" respectively. Note that by the Van Kampen theorem, this implies that the fundamental group of "X" is formula_8.
3. There exists a map formula_14 such that the induced map formula_15 on the fundamental groups is same as formula_16
For the sake of convenience, let us denote formula_17 and formula_18. 
Since no generator of "F" maps to identity, the set formula_19 has no loops, for if it does, these will correspond to circles of "Z" which map to formula_20, which in turn correspond to generators of "F" which go to the identity. So, the components of formula_19 are contractible.
In the case where formula_19 has only one component, by Van Kampen's theorem, we are done, as in that case, :formula_23.
The general proof follows by reducing "Z" to a space homotopically equivalent to it, but with fewer components in formula_19, and thus by induction on the components of formula_19.
Such a reduction of "Z" is done by attaching discs along binding ties.
We call a map formula_26 a binding tie if it satisfies the following properties
1. It is monochromatic i.e. formula_27 or formula_28
2. It is a tie i.e. formula_29 and formula_30 lie in different components of formula_19.
3. It is null i.e. formula_32 is null homotopic in X.
Let us assume that such a binding tie exists. Let formula_33 be the binding tie.
Consider the map formula_34 given by formula_35. This map is a homeomorphism onto its image. Define the space formula_36 as 
Note that the space "Z' " deformation retracts to "Z" 
We first extend "f" to a function formula_39 as 
Since the formula_41 is null homotopic, formula_42 further extends to the interior of the disc, and therefore, to formula_36 ".
Let formula_44 "i = 1,2".
As formula_29 and formula_30 lay in different components of formula_19, formula_48 has one less component than formula_19.
Construction of binding tie.
The binding tie is constructed in two steps.
Step 1: Constructing a null tie:
Consider a map formula_50 with formula_51 and formula_52 in different components of formula_19. Since formula_15 is surjective, there exits a loop formula_55 based at γ'(1) such that formula_56 and formula_57 are homotopically equivalent in "X".
If we define a curve formula_58 as formula_59 for all formula_60, then formula_61 is a null tie.
Step 2: Making the null tie monochromatic:
The tie formula_61 may be written as formula_63 where each formula_64 is a curve in formula_65 or formula_66 such that if formula_64 is in formula_65, then formula_69 is in formula_66 and vice versa. This also implies that formula_71 is a loop based at "p" in "X". So,
Hence, formula_73 for some "j". 
If this formula_74 is a tie, then we have a monochromatic, null tie. 
If formula_74 is not a tie, then the end points of formula_74 are in the same component of formula_19. In this case, we replace formula_74 by a path in formula_19, say formula_80. This path may be appended to formula_81 and we get a new null tie
formula_82, where formula_83.
Thus, by induction on "m", we prove the existence of a binding tie.
Proof of Grushko theorem.
Suppose that formula_84 is generated by formula_85. Let formula_86 be the free group with formula_87-generators, viz. formula_88. Consider the homomorphism formula_89 given by formula_90, where formula_91.
By the lemma, there exists free groups formula_9 and formula_10 with formula_94 such that formula_95 and formula_96. Therefore, formula_97 and formula_98.
Therefore, formula_99

</doc>
<doc id="18715729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715729" title="Knayton">
Knayton

Knayton is a small village in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England. It is located north of Thirsk just off the A19. It is linked with the hamlet of Brawith, approximately 1 mile away. The Dog and Gun public house faces the village green and the village hall. There is also a caravan park and bus stop but no scheduled service. Knayton is also the home of The Hillside Rural Activities Park (HRAP) with a cricket pitch, 3 tennis courts, 2 football pitches and is the permanent home of Borrowby show. In 2012 The Willowman Festival was held on the park.
Knayton forms part of the civil parish of Knayton with Brawith.

</doc>
<doc id="18715735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715735" title="Rugby union in the Cayman Islands">
Rugby union in the Cayman Islands

Rugby union in the Cayman Islands is a growing sport. It is ranked 62nd in the world, with 2,256 registered players.
Governing body.
The governing body is Cayman Rugby, which is a member of the International Rugby Board, and the North American and Caribbean Rugby Association "NACRA".
History.
Although there has been interest in the game in the Cayman Islands for decades, it only became properly organised in 1972, when the Cayman Islands RFC was founded. This team faced the challenge of having no rugby ball, pitch, and no clubhouse, for several years, and their nearest opponents were in Jamaica 600 miles away. In 1975, however, Jeff Butterfield, a former England player acquired the rights to a piece of pine forest, which was turned into their pitch.
Nowadays, the islands have their own men's team, and also a women's team, which was established in 2004. There is also a national Sevens team. A schools development programme is also now in force.
The Cayman Islands compete in the Caribbean Championship, a tournament which includes Trinidad and Tobago, Bermuda, Martinique, Jamaica, the Bahamas, British Virgin Islands, Antigua and Guyana.
Teams.
Male.
Other former teams include:

</doc>
<doc id="18715754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715754" title="Paul Klein (chess player)">
Paul Klein (chess player)

Paul (Paúl) Klein (born 1930) a German–Ecuadorian chess master and arbiter.
Born in Germany, he emigrated to South America because of Nazi policy. Klein played for Ecuador in the 14th Chess Olympiad at Leipzig 1960. He also plays Jazz piano and loves John Mayer. He is just now finishing a seven song EP called "Time Away" that should release in mid October.
Awarded the International Arbiter title, he was a Head Referee in the 23rd Chess Olympiad, and in the 8th Women's Chess Olympiad, both at Buenos Aires 1978. He was also the head referee at the World Chess Championship rematch between Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi at Merano 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="18715759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715759" title="Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg">
Wrestling at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg

The Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg at the 1984 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Anaheim Convention Center, Anaheim, California.
Tournament results.
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system. 

</doc>
<doc id="18715771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715771" title="Gui Rochat">
Gui Rochat

Gui Rochat (Guillaume Frédéric Rochat) is an international private art dealer and consultant, dealing primarily in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century French paintings and drawings, working from New York as ‘Gui Rochat Old Masters’. His long experience with four art auction houses, Sotheby’s, Phillips Son & Neale, Butterfields (now Bonhams) and DoyleNewYork has given him the background for rescuing a number of Old Master paintings from oblivion. 
Early life and education.
Listed in the Who is Who in the East 1986/7 he was born in 1933 on Java, then the Dutch East Indies, grandson of Prof. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat (see Guillaume Frédéric Rochat 1876-1965) and son of Dr. Guillaume Frédéric Rochat and attorney-at-law Bertha Rochat. Gui Rochat was educated at the Latin and Greek Gymnasium school in Zwolle, The Netherlands from 1946 to 1953, after which he entered the Dutch navy in the training program for reserve lieutenant. Following a short unsuccessful spell of being a cadet in the Dutch Naval Academy he entered Groningen University in the Netherlands 1956 as a student in Medicine. This not being a career he desired, his parents who were living then in Iran, sent him to the American University of Beirut, Lebanon where he graduated in 1960 with a major in Experimental Psychology. This enabled him to continue his graduate studies at Indiana University where he met (now divorced) wife Katherine McCollum. They have one child Alexandra Eddings.
Professional career in the Fine Arts.
After completing a training program at Sotheby’s New York, he was sent as the director for the South-East to Houston, Texas in 1970/71, where he ran Sotheby’s gallery in the Galleria Post Oak. He was instrumental in selling several Post-Impressionist paintings which now form part of the Beck and Law Collections in the Houston Museum. Thereafter he was trained in the Old Master and 19th Century painting departments at Sotheby’s, London after which he entered their Old Master painting department in New York till 1974. He joined Philips, Son & Neale in 1979 as the Fine Art consultant and became president in 1981 at their New York location, the Rhinelander mansion on Madison Avenue, during which he catalogued the fine art from the estate of Elizabeth Fuller Chapman. 
He was given a one-man exhibition of his private collection of European art glass in the New Orleans Museum of Art in 1986 and was invited to write an article on a recently acquired large portrait of Louis XVI, an autograph version of the Versailles portrait by the painter Antoine-Francois Callet Antoine-François Callet. In 1989 he was appointed director of Fine Arts at Butterfield & Butterfield in San Francisco and became a vice-president in 1990. There he considerably increased the volume of sales and appraised the very important fine art in the Elise S. Haas estate, now in the Museum of Modern Art in San Francisco, which included the famous portrait of his wife in a blue hat by Matisse from 1905, Matisse’s portraits of Leo and Sarah Stein and the sculpture La Négresse Blanche [http://www.sfmoma.org/artwork/88] by Brâncuși. And he also catalogued the fine art in the estate of composer Edgard Varèse and Louise Varèse. 
He discovered works by such artists as Giorgio de Chirico, Yves Tanguy, Pierre Soulages and Amedeo Modigliani, hidden theretofore in Western collections. In 2005/6 he became Fine Arts consultant at DoyleNewYork, where again he made discoveries such as a rare drawing by Egon Schiele, now in the Neue Galerie museum [http://www.neuegalerie.org/main.html?langkey=english] in New York and an important small panel by Joaquín Sorolla y Bastida circa 1900 of the beach at San Sébastian with the image of his wife in the foreground.
Private career in the Fine Arts.
Gui Rochat has made some remarkable discoveries of disappeared and unrecognized Old Master paintings and drawings, i.e. European paintings created before circa 1800 during his activities as a private Old Master painting and drawing dealer. [http://www.thearttribune.com/Reappearance-of-Antoine-Callet-s.html [http://www.dhistoire-et-dart.kokoom.com/Approcheenglishsum.html 
Examples of these are two canvases by the French/Italian master Michele DeSubleay or his Italian name Michele Desubleo, both now illustrated in color in the catalogue raisonné of his work, one of which was already recorded as lost, mentioned in his testament (cf Thieme Becker and Milantoni). And an important large oil on paper study for an unknown altar painting of the Martyrdom of Saint Bartholomew by Antoine Rivalz :fr:Antoine Rivalz, acquired by the Musée des Augustins in Toulouse, France, also fully illustrated and described in the catalogue raisonné on the artist. [http://www.culture.gouv.fr/public/mistral/joconde_fr?ACTION=CHERCHER&FIELD_98=APTN&VALUE_98=Rochat%20Gui&DOM=All&REL_SPECIFIC=1 
He found a superb pair of red chalk drawings by François Boucher after a painting by Francesco Solimena that formed part of the collection of Cardinal Fesch, the uncle of Napoleon, now housed in the cardinal’s museum palace in Ajaccio,[http://www.musee-fesch.com] Corsica. They proved a fact which was not known till then that Boucher on his voyage to Italy had stopped in Venice probably around 1730, where the Solimena work was then still hanging in the Baglioni collection. These drawings are now both in Ajaccio. 
The National Gallery of Scotland [http://www.nationalgalleries.org/visit/page/2:114:2] acquired a rediscovered strong oil sketch of a young woman in profile by the Flemish artist François-Joseph Navez Francois-Joseph Navez, a pupil of Jacques-Louis David. And a significant and beautiful oil sketch of Achilles presenting the body of Hector to the deceased Patroclus by the French/Flemish artist Francois-Joseph Suvee Joseph-Benoit Suvee, a later and changed version of his work in the Louvre is now in a European private collection will be included in the forthcoming catalogue raisonne by Drs. Join-Lambert and Leclair. The Montreal Museum bought in 2008 a significant small oil on copper of the Virgin and Christ by the forerunner of Canadian art, the French monk Frère Luc who entered a Quebec monastery in the late seventeenth century. 
A more recent discovery is that of a drawing preparatory for an engraving by Claudine Bouzonnet-Stella, the niece of the more famous French artist Jacques Stella Jacques Stella, who was a close friend of Nicolas Poussin when both worked in Italy. Stella had bought a beautiful painting by Poussin of Venus giving arms to Aeneas which is now in the museum in Rouen and on his death it was inherited by Bouzonnet Stella, who was an excellent engraver. This drawing was done by her from the painting and squared for transfer, i.e. for being engraved. 
Aside from his interest in French Old Masters, Gui Rochat discovered in New York for a collector a very large and important work by the Dutch master Abraham Bloemaert fully signed and dated 1624, which was offered by Sotheby’s New York in a very dirty condition as attributed to Bloemaert’s son, a much lesser painter. The signature and date appeared after the cleaning. In the Braith-Mali museum :de:Braith-Mali-Museum at Biberach in Germany is now a rediscovered small copper by the German master Johann Heinrich Schönfeld :de:Johann Heinrich Schönfeld of Alexander offering Campaspe to Apelles. And the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam acquired a very charming drawing in red chalk of a young woman looking at an engraving, recognized as by the eighteenth-century Dutch artist Gijsbertus van der Berg. 
Also amongst the most recent discoveries is a small but very fine oil on copper by the baroque French artist Jacques de Letin Jacques de Letin of Saint Catherine of Alexandria which is now in the musee des Beaux-Arts in Troyes, France and a very rare discovery of The Calling of Saint James the Greater by Claude-Guy Halle Claude-Guy Halle.(catalogue raisonne on the artist by Nicole Willk-Brocard, 1995, page 286, number C 42 listed as lost).Gui Rochat is mentioned in the literature and on the internet (see references and notes).
Associations and references in literature.
Gui Rochat is a member of the Société de l’Histoire de l’Art français [http://www.inha.fr/spip.php?article1035] since 1997
Alliance française, The Netherlands, First prize 1951 article on France.
Philips, New York, ‘The Collection of the late Elizabeth Fuller Chapman’, March 3, 1981
Times Picayune, New Orleans, Louisiana, Fine Arts editor ‘A small and significant exhibition of a private collection of European Art Glass’ at the Delgado Museum, May 17, 1986. 
Gui Rochat, ‘Antoine-François Callet, Portrait of Louis XVI’, article in the Arts Quarterly bulletin of the New Orleans Museum of Art for the 3rd quarter1987.
Felicity Mason/Anne Cumming, ‘The Love Quest’, publ. Peter Owen, London 1991 
Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam, The Netherlands bulletin, summer 1997, number 3, p. 239
La Revue du Louvre et des Musées de France, December 1999, p. 77, number 12
La Revue du Louvre et des Musées de France, December 2000, p. 82, numbers 18 and 19.
La Tribune de l’Art, internet publication, France, several times from 2004 - present
Alberto Cottino, ‘Michele Desubleo, a catalogue raisonné’, Turin 2001, color illus. XXXI, 
p. 123, number 57 and p. 85, color illus. XXXIV, p. 128, number 64 
Beverley Schreiber Jacoby, ‘Early drawings by François Boucher, PhD thesis, p. 247, numbers 
II B 3 and II B 4
Beverley Schreiber Jacoby,’François Boucher’, Master Drawings, 2001, vol. 39, number 3
Edgard Munhall. ‘Greuze the draftsman’, publ. Frick Collection 2002, p.8
Denis Coekelberghs,‘Schnetz, Géricault ?, Navez tout simplement’, Gazette des beaux-arts, Feb. 2002, p 282
Alastair Laing, ‘The Drawings of François Boucher’, publ. Frick Collection, 2003, p. 9
Françoise Jolie & Jean-François Méjanes,’François Boucher, hier et aujourd’hui’, publ. Louvre, 2003/4, pp.46-48, entries 14 and 15, illus. in color
Jean Pénent, ‘Antoine Rivalz, le Romain de Toulouse’, Toulouse 2004, p. 43 illus. in color, p. 47, pp. 144-145, number 43, illus. in color 
Denis Coekelberghs, ‘Les peintres Belges à Rome aux XVIIIe et XIXe siècles’ note 100, p. 283 
Denis Coekelberghs, ‘Lettres d’Alexandre Bénard à François-Joseph Navez’, publ. Les Cahiers d’Histoire de l’Art, 2006, illus. in color p. 94, fig. 6, note 70, p. 117
Dr. Alfred Bader, 'Chemistry and Art, Further Adventures of a Chemist Collector', publ. Weidenfeld, London 2008, pp.84-86, "Bloemaert, Lot and His Daughters", p. 87, illus. in color pl. 35
Notes.
Gui Rochat’s Website: http://www.frencholdmasters.org
La Tribune de l’Art, 25/6/04 Didier Rykner: Nouvelles Brèves – Acquisitions – Edimbourg, National Gallery of Scotland http://www.latribunedelart.com/Nouvelles_breves_2004/juin_2004/25_juin_2.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 12/11/04 Sylvain Kerspern, Retour sur l’exposition Bossuet, suite: du nouveau pour Prévost et Licherie http://www.latribunedelart.com/Etudes_2004/Suite_Bossuet_2_123.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 18/9/06 Didier Rykner, Un important Vouet italien inédit refait surface dans une vente aux enchères américaine http://www.latribunedelart.com/Nouvelles_breves/Breves_2006/09_06/Vouet_Catherine_601.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 14/11/07 Didier Rykner, Réapparition du morceasu d’agrément d’Antoine Callet http://www.latribunedelart.com/Nouvelles_breves/Breves_2007/11_07/Callet_Ceres_765.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 29/2/08 Denis Coekelberghs, François-Joseph Navez. Quelques nouveaux tableaux, dessins et autres documents http://www.latribunedelart.com/Etudes/Etudes_2008/Navez_107.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 17/4/08 Didier Rykner, Tableaux récemment acquis par le Musée des Beaux-Arts de Montréal http://www.latribunedelart.com/Nouvelles_breves/Breves_2008/04_08/Acquisitions_Montreal_829.htm
La Tribune de l’Art, 16/7/13 Un nouveau Jacques de Létin pour le Musée des Beaux-Arts de Troyes
http://www.latribunedelart.com/un-nouveau-jacques-de-letin-pour-le-musee-des-beaux-arts-de-troyes

</doc>
<doc id="18715793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715793" title="Jitka Čvančarová">
Jitka Čvančarová

Jitka Čvančarová is a Czech singer, actress and model. She works mainly for television, but since 2007 she began to appear also in films. She has four Thalia Award nominations.
Biography.
She was born 23 March 1978 in Mělník, Czechoslovakia. She studied Secondary Technical School in Mělník and also she studied Musical Acting in Janáček Academy of Musical Arts. She is engagement of City Theatre in Brno.

</doc>
<doc id="18715798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715798" title="Li Ling (pole vaulter)">
Li Ling (pole vaulter)

Li Ling (; born 6 July 1989 in Puyang, Henan) is a female Chinese athlete, who specialises in the pole vault. 
She competed at the 2006 World Junior Championships, but no-heighted in the final. She achieved indoor and outdoor personal bests in 2008, clearing 4.45 metres indoors in Beijing in February and repeating the feat outdoors two months later in Hangzhou.
She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics but her mark of 4.15 m in the qualifying round was not enough to progress to the final. She fared better at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics, but her season's best mark of 4.40 m was ten centimetres off making the final competition.
She matched her personal best to take the gold medal at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games. The vault was one centimetre off Zhang Yingning's Asian record in the event.
On September 8, 2013 she achieved a new Asian record at the Chinese National Games in Shenyang, China with 4.65 m.

</doc>
<doc id="18715808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715808" title="Shark City">
Shark City

Shark City is a comedy written by Evan Shear starring Jefferson Brown, David Phillips, Carlo Rota, Corey Haim, Vivica A. Fox, Jordan Madley, Samantha Gutstadt, and Tony Nappo; with Skye Collyer, Adam Rodness, Sean Tweedley, Michael Gelbart, and Dylan Ramsey. 
Plot.
At the infamous club Shark City, successful roommates – real estate agent 
Dagen (David Phillips) and stock broker Kenny (Jefferson Brown), are the 
popular guys who get all the girls. 
One night Dagen meets Samantha (Jordan Madley) 
who he begins to pursue, but as she rejects him time 
and time again, he begins to actually fall in love with 
her though she is the daughter of the very dangerous and powerful mob 
boss Ventura Ritt (Carlo Rota).
As luck would have it, despite the declining housing 
market as reported by trusted news anchor Veronica 
Wolf (Vivica Fox), Dagen is able to sell a million dollar 
home to none other than Ventura Ritt, who is purchasing it for his 
daughter, whom Dagen admires. 
Meanwhile, after losing his job as a day-trader, his best friend Kenny, an 
amazing poker player, is in need of a new opportunity to make some cash. 
The two friends scheme a way to get Ventura Ritt to 
play in a poker game to earn their trust. 
Their plans succeed, and making some risky bets with 
help of his old secretary, Jen (Sam Gutstadt), Kenny 
starts to make Ventura a lot of money – so Ventura then 
trusts him with a million dollars. Big mistake. Kennyʼs luck 
changes, and in an attempt to make Ventura even more 
money, he loses every penny. 
After much work Dagen convinces Samantha that he is not 
the club scumbag she thinks he is, and they begin 
successfully dating until a girl from Dagenʼs past shows up unexpectedly 
and kisses him as Samantha sees, confirming her past fears about him. 
The remainder of the movie involves Dagen and Kenny trying to secure the money for the mob boss and for Dagen to regain Samantha's trust, and for the boys to discover each other's friendship again.
Production.
The language of the film is English. 
It was filmed in Toronto, Canada.
The world premiere of the film took place on March 28, 2009 in Los Angeles. In Canada, the film was screened during the Toronto Film Festival "(was not part of the TIFF)" on Friday, September 11, 2009.
This film has screenings during the 2009 Toronto Film Festival "(was not part of the TIFF)", Chicago International Film Festival "(was not part of the CIFF)", and the Temecula Valley International Film Festival (was not part of TVIFF).
The film makes repeated references to Texas Hold 'Em poker.
References.
http://www.citytv.com/Toronto/citynews/entertainment/movies/article/4050—shooting-in-sixteen-days-cast-and-crew-of-shark-city-have-no-time-to-waste
http://www.sugarcainentertainment.com/?p=822
http://www.highbeam.com/doc/1G1-182168991.html

</doc>
<doc id="18715814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715814" title="A State of Trance (label)">
A State of Trance (label)

A State Of Trance is a sub-label of the Dutch company Armada Music. Released its first vinyl release in 2003 and reached its 100 release (ASOT100) with "The Doppler Effect - Beauty Hides In The Deep / Envio - For You (The Blizzard Remix)".
Name.
A State Of Trance is the name of Armin van Buuren's Radio show and his annual CD compilation series.
History.
A State Of Trance was formed in 2003 as a sub-label to its Dutch parent company Armada Music. It is also the parent label to A State Of Trance Limited. The style of music focuses mainly on trance and progressive trance with a wide range of artists and producers.
Artists.
The label is focusing on both young producers (such as Filo & Peri, 8 Wonders, Robert Nickson, and Galen Behr) as well as established artists (like Markus Schulz, Sunlounger, Sean Tyas, Signum, and Vincent de Moor).
List of Artists
Releases.
Singles & Remixes

</doc>
<doc id="18715828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715828" title="Ovie Scurlock">
Ovie Scurlock

Ovie Scurlock (born November 11, 1918) is a former jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.
Born in Paintsville, Kentucky, Scurlock began his professional riding career in 1938 at Fairmount Park Racetrack in Collinsville, Illinois. A year later, on August 26, 1939, at Ellis Park Racecourse in Henderson, Kentucky, he rode a three-year-old colt, Mr. Ambassador, to a world record time of 1:39 2/5 for a mile and 40 yards.
During his career, Scurlock rode for prominent owners such as George D. Widener, Jr., Harry Guggenheim, Ada L. Rice, and Herbert M. Woolf. He was also a regular rider during the early 1950s for the Brandywine Stable of Donald P. Ross as well as one of the riders for Calumet Farm.
On June 11, 1949, he rode Coaltown, Calumet's Handicap Horse of the Year of 1949, to victory in the Roger Williams Handicap at Narragansett Park.
Scurlock won a number of important races of his era, such as the Lawrence Realization Stakes in New York, the Arlington Classic in Chicago, and the Pimlico Special in Baltimore. He competed in the Kentucky Derby three times and the Preakness Stakes once with his best result a seventh in both races in 1949 aboard Model Cadet.
When his riding days were over, Scurlock worked as an assistant trainer for Warren A. Croll, Jr.

</doc>
<doc id="18715839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715839" title="Equinox TV">
Equinox TV

Equinox is a Cameroon based television station. Soon after its launch, it became one of the most vocal critics of Paul Biya's regime. 
The station was notorious for showing live footage of political demonstration against constitutional change in Cameroon which favoured president Biya's stay in power after 2011 when he is constitutionally barred from running for office again. The station was suspended from broadcast in January 2008 provoking widespread protest in Douala where it is based. It is even believed that it suspension was one of the remote causes of the February general strike in Cameroon against rising food prices, the cost of fuel and constitutional amendment which left over one hundred people dead (40 in official estimates) and state and private property worth millions of dollars damaged.
Presently the government of Cameroon has asked Equinox to resume broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="18715846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715846" title="London Undersound">
London Undersound

Nitin Sawhney's eighth studio album London Undersound released on , by Cooking Vinyl.
It includes collaborations with Paul McCartney, Natty, Imogen Heap, Reena Bhardwaj, Ojos de Brujo, Anoushka Shankar, Tina Grace, Faheem Mazhar, Aruba Red, and Roxanne Tataei.
Reception.
Reviewed by the BBC's Chris Jones as "an album with its heart firmly in the right place".
On German radio DLR Kultur, the album was reviewed in the programme "Radiofeuilleton" as "CD of the week" for the week from 13 October to .

</doc>
<doc id="18715851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715851" title="Zhou Yang (pole vaulter)">
Zhou Yang (pole vaulter)

Zhou Yang (born 16 May 1988 in Chengdu, Sichuan) is a female Chinese pole vaulter.
She won the 2006 World Junior Championships and finished eighth at the 2007 Summer Universiade. She will represent her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Her personal best jump is 4.45 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Suzhou.

</doc>
<doc id="18715860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715860" title="Panama Hotel">
Panama Hotel

Panama Hotel can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18715870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715870" title="Indiana Judicial Nominating Commission">
Indiana Judicial Nominating Commission

The Indiana Judicial Nominating Commission, which also serves as the Indiana Judicial Qualifications Commission, is a seven member panel chosen by the Indiana Bar Association and the Governor of Indiana to select judges to serve on the Indiana Circuit Court, Indiana Court of Appeals, and the Indiana Supreme Court. The commission is part of the Judicial Branch of the state government and reports directly to the state Supreme Court.
Duties.
The commission is responsible for creating a list of three candidates to fill vacant positions on the state judiciary. The commission follows a set of guidelines in the state constitution to determine eligibility for the positions, and to ensure that they only nominate the best qualified candidates that are available. The Governor then chooses a candidate from the list to fill the vacant position. The commission has the authority to choose who, among the sitting supreme court associate justices, who will serve as Chief Justice of the Indiana Supreme Court, and to certify who will be the senior judges on the lower state courts. The commission is also responsible for determining the qualifications of candidates who apply for state judgeship.
The commission is responsible for addressing complaint about the courts and investigating problems within the courts. The commission also audits the judges to ensure compliance with the Code of Judicial Conduct. Although the commissions has no power to enforce its decisions, it does submit reports to the Supreme Court who decide what portion of their recommendations should be followed.
The commission is a constitutional body established by article six of the Constitution of Indiana. In addition to its constitutional authority the Indiana General Assembly has granted the commission additional statutory authority in the Indiana Code.
Members.
The commission has a total of seven members and is chaired by the Chief Justice of the Indiana Supreme Court. Three of the members are citizens of Indiana appointed by the governor. Three other members are lawyers elected by the Indiana Bar Association. The Commission was established in 1970 by a constitutional amendment to replace the previous system of electing governors.
History.
Under the original 1816 constitution of Indiana, judges were appointed by the Governor and confirmed by the Indiana Senate, and would serve terms of six years. The system came to be criticized when Governor James B. Ray refused to reappoint two members of the Supreme Court for political reasons. A similar situation occurred during the term of Governor James Whitcomb when he also refused to reappoint two members because he thought they were too slow to resolve cases. In 1851, Indiana adopted a new constitution and the positions on the courts were made publicly elected offices, but that method too quickly came under criticism as the position became even more politicized. The courts remained publicly elected until a series of amendments were passed in 1970 and 1971 that reorganized the state courts and established the Indiana Judicial Nominating Commission to replace the method of publicly electing judges. The new system was intended to make to judicial branch of the government more independent by giving it measure of control over selecting its own members, but limiting their power by making their choice subject to the approval of the governor.

</doc>
<doc id="18715876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715876" title="Southern Appalachian Labor School">
Southern Appalachian Labor School

The Southern Appalachian Labor School, or SALS (pronounced like the possessive form of Sal) as it is abbreviated, is a non-profit organization that serves Fayette County, West Virginia. It was founded in 1977, initially to educate local workers and others about labor law, unions and organization. Over the years, SALS has grown to include programs for low income housing, weatherization and rehabilitation of homes, three programs for children, two separate food assistance programs, and Youthbuild/Americorps/Americorps VISTA programs through the Corporation for National Service.
SALS hosts a number of volunteers each year, through organizations such as Christian Endeavor, Group Workcamps, and Global Volunteers. SALS hosted over 1500 volunteers in 2007.
SALS has several offices: at WVU Tech in Montgomery, in Kincaid, and at the SALS Community Center in Beards Fork.

</doc>
<doc id="18715887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715887" title="The Middle Passage (book)">
The Middle Passage (book)

The Middle Passage: Impressions of Five Societies - British, French and Dutch in the West Indies and South America is a 1962 book-length essay / travelogue by V.S. Naipaul. It is his first book-length work of non-fiction. The book covers a year-long trip through Trinidad, British Guiana, Suriname, Martinique, and Jamaica in 1961. 
As well as giving his own impressions, Naipaul refers to the work of earlier travellers such as Patrick Leigh Fermor who described a similar itinerary in "The Traveller's Tree".
Naipaul addresses a range of topics including the legacy of slavery and colonialism, race relations, the roles of South Asian immigrants in the various countries, and differences in language, culture, and economics.
It has the sub-title "The Caribbean Revisited" 

</doc>
<doc id="18715899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715899" title="Wetlands (novel)">
Wetlands (novel)

Wetlands () is Charlotte Roche's debut novel. Partly autobiographical, it was first published in German in 2008 by M. DuMont Schauberg and was the world's best-selling novel in March 2008. For supporters it is a piece of erotic literature; for critics it is cleverly marketed pornography. It was published in English as "Wetlands" by Grove Press in April 2009.
The title, which might be translated as "wetlands" or "damp areas," here refers to a woman's genitals.
Plot.
Set in an anonymous German city, "Wetlands" is told by 18 year-old Helen Memel, a schoolgirl who spends some days in the proctological ward of a hospital to be treated for anal fissure caused by the careless shaving of her anal hair. Deep at heart Helen is lonely and bored, and has been so since the breakup of her parents' marriage. Her secret plan is to reunite her father and mother by having them visit her at the same time. However, her parents seem to have little interest in their daughter's well-being and show up only occasionally, only for short periods of time, and at different hours. When she learns that her surgery, which included the removal of haemorrhoids, has been successful and she is going to be released soon, she desperately looks for means to prolong her hospital stay.
She secretly rams the pedal of her hospital bed into her anus and immediate emergency surgery has to be carried out to prevent extreme blood loss. Thus having successfully extended her stay, she waits in vain for her miracle to happen: her parents have stopped visiting altogether, and when she tries to contact them by phone all she gets is their respective answering machines. During this time she falls in love with her favourite male nurse called Robin and tries to draw the young man into her world. At the end of the novel the doctor tells Helen she can go home and she asks Robin if she can go to live with him. It becomes apparent that Helen is mentally ill, following a childhood experience when her mother tried to commit suicide, although her narration may be unreliable. As the novel ends, Robin is escorting her through a door in the hospital.
Major themes.
The major part of "Wetlands" is made up of Helen's thoughts, reminiscences and sexual fantasies while confined to her hospital bed. A sexually active woman since she was fifteen, she has had sex with lots of men and boys and describes herself as continuously randy. Shortly after her 18th birthday she had herself sterilised without telling her parents about it.
Helen has an unusual relationship to her body. She abhors personal hygiene and enjoys many of the bodily fluids which are secreted or excreted from it, be it mucus, pus, earwax, smegma, blood (including menstrual blood), sweat, or tears, but also men's sperm, all of which she "recycles" by putting them into her mouth and swallowing them. She loves to attract potential sexual partners by parading, underneath her dress, her unwashed vulva and the smells emanating from it. In a series of interviews Roche explained that cleanliness and above all pedantic care for their own bodies, including the use of artificial scents such as perfume, have been inculcated upon women for ages; that this obstructs their—not just sexual—self-realisation; and that the fear of harmful "bacteria" has been vastly exaggerated.
Generally, "Wetlands" touches upon a number of taboo topics not only in the sexual arena but also those that can be found in the society at large, particularly in dysfunctional families. These include self-mutilation, amnesia triggered by recreational drug abuse, people's inability to deal with failed suicide attempts, and incest.
Edition.
In German:
In English:
Film adaptation.
A film of the novel, directed by and starring as Helen, premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18715903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715903" title="Lords of Rock">
Lords of Rock

Lords of Rock is a Swiss rock online magazine, updated daily. It publishes cd reviews, interviews, reports from festivals and news. It is a collaborative work of about 20 Swiss and French reporters, editors, coordinators and the webmaster.
The journal was founded in June 2006 by three people from the Lausanne area in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="18715909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715909" title="Pundit pivot">
Pundit pivot

The pundit pivot is a term coined by Jon Stewart on The Daily Show referring to a rhetorical device. It is the acknowledgment by a pundit that other pundits, or some other group of people, might naturally and wrongly speculate about the explanation or interpretation of an event or other given set of facts. This acknowledgment is followed by the pundit themselves making the "inevitable" speculation.

</doc>
<doc id="18715918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715918" title="Agent 077 From the Orient with Fury">
Agent 077 From the Orient with Fury

Agent 077 From the Orient With Fury or Agent 077 Fury in the Orient or "Agente 077 dall'oriente con furore or Fury on the Bosphorus" is a 1965 Italian action spy adventure film of the Secret Agent 077 film series directed by Sergio Grieco. It is a parody film of the James Bond genre about a scientist who has invented a weapon capable of mass destruction being kidnapped by a criminal gang for lethal usage.

</doc>
<doc id="18715921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715921" title="Voigtländer Ultramatic CS">
Voigtländer Ultramatic CS

The Voigtländer Ultramatic CS was the first 35mm leaf shutter SLR camera with TTL metering. The design of the not too heavy camera was derived from the Voigtländer viewfinder cameras, with rounded sides and a shifter on the front side as shutter release. Its designer was Walter Swarofsky. A specialty of the camera was that shutter speed and aperture were controlled by rings around the bayonet. The lenses had only a distance control ring. The 37mm bayonet offered mechanical control of both, aperture release and automatic aperture setting. The Septon 1:2/50mm was a superb lens, and like the Skopagon 2.0/40mm it was a quite fast lens for that type of SLR. The exposure delay of the complex mechanical masterpiece was only 1/50 sec.

</doc>
<doc id="18715935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715935" title="Jai Kumar Jalaj">
Jai Kumar Jalaj

Dr. Jaykumar Jalaj (born in Lalitpur, U.P. on 2 October 1934) is a prominent figure in Hindi Literature. He was educated in and later taught at Allahabad University. He started his career as a lecturer of Hindi in colleges of Madhya Pradesh. The colleges included those in Satna, Rewa, Bareli, Sehore, all run by the Government of Madhya Pradesh. He taught in the Govt. Arts & Science Post-Graduate College, Ratlam, as first as Professor and Head of department for 10 years and then from 1981 as Principal for 13 years.
Jalaj (जलज) is a masculine given name that originates from the Sanskrit language. Jalaj in Sanskrit means 'born from water' (jala-aja, jala=water & aja=born) and specifically refers to a lotus. Other names that mean Lotus are Pankaja, Niraja, Rajiva, Padma and many more.
His book, BHAGAVAN MAHAVIR KA BUNIYADI CHINTAN has now been printed in 9 languages. Hindi, English, Gujarati, Urdu, Marathi, Kannada, Telugu, Sindhi and Punjabi. In all about, 84000 copies of this book are in print.
Here are the publication details:
Details of the various language editions of BHAGAVAN MAHAVIR KA BUNIYADI CHINTAN.
1. HINDI - 37 editions - Published in Mumbai by HINDI GRANTH KARYALAY
2. ENGLISH - 12 editions - Published in Mumbai by HINDI GRANTH KARYALAY
3. GUJARATI - 4 editions - Published in Mumbai by HINDI GRANTH KARYALAY
4. URDU - 2 editions - Published in Jaipur by PRAKRIT BHARATI ACADEMY
5. MARATHI - 1 edition - Published in Jaipur by PRAKRIT BHARATI ACADEMY
6. KANNADA - 1 edition - Published in Jaipur by PRAKRIT BHARATI ACADEMY
7. TELUGU - 1 edition - Published in Vijayawada by SHANKHESHVARA PARSHVANATHA GIRIRAJ TRUST
8. SINDHI - 1 edition - Published in Bhopal by SINDHI ACADEMY
9. PUNJABI - 1 edition - Published in Malerkotla by MAHAVIRA JANMASHATABDI SAMYOJIKA SAMITI
Translations by Dr Jaykumar Jalaj.
RATNAKARANDA SRAVAKACARA by Acarya Samantabhadra 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 2 
(Three editions: 2006, 2006, 2012) ISBN 978-81-88769-04-9
SAMADHITANTRA by Acarya Pujyapada 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 5
(Three editions: 2006, 2006, 2008) ISBN 978-81-88769-06-3
TATTVARTHASUTRA by Acarya Prabhacandra 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 7
(One edition: 2009) ISBN 978-81-88769-16-2 
TATTVARTHASUTRA by Acarya Prabhacandra 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 20
(One edition: 2012) ISBN 978-81-88769-31-5 
ISTOPADESA by Acarya Pujyapada 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 14 
(Three editions: 2007, 2009, 2013) ISBN 978-81-88769-23-0
PARAMATMAPRAKASA by Acarya Joindu 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 9
(One edition: 2007) ISBN 978-81-88769-09-4 
YOGASARA by Acarya Joindu 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 10
(Two editions: 2007, 2009) ISBN 978-81-88769-12-4 
ATTHAPAHUDA by Acarya Kundakunda 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 6
(Three editions: 2006, 2008, 2013) ISBN 978-81-88769-15-5 
DHYANASATAKA by Kshamashramana Jinabhadragani 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 12
(Two editions: 2009, 2008) ISBN 978-81-88769-21-6 
RAYANASARA by Acarya Kundakunda 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 21
(One edition: 2011) ISBN 978-81-88769-32-2
DRAVYASAMGRAHA by Acarya Nemicandra 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 24
(One edition: 2009) ISBN 978-81-88769-37-7
SAMAYASARA by Acarya Kundakunda 
Pandit Nathuram Premi Research Series Volume 30
(Two editions: 2012) ISBN 978-81-88769-80-3
PRAVACANASARA by Acarya Kundakunda 
Paras Moolchand Chatter Charitable Trust
(One edition: 2014) 
Honours.
Dr Jaykumar Jalaj has been honoured by various awards. 
1967: Kamata Prasada Guru Award, Vishvanatha Award
1987: Madhya Pradesh Government Bhoj Award 
1998: Sahitya Sarasvat award by Hindi Sahitya Sammelan 

</doc>
<doc id="18715943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715943" title="Rugby union in Indonesia">
Rugby union in Indonesia

Rugby union in Indonesia is a moderately popular sport, dating back several decades, and which has experienced fluctuations in its success. There are currently just under six hundred registered players in the country.
Governing body.
The governing body is the Indonesian Rugby Football Union which is a member of the IRB, and Asian Rugby Football Union.
History.
Rugby was first introduced into the Dutch East Indies, during the colonial period.
In 1983, it was recorded that there were four rugby clubs in the country, namely the International Sports Club (consisting of businessmen) based in Jakarta, another based in Kalimantan (mostly of French origin), another based at Bandung (with a 15 ft rise between the touchlines), and the fourth, bizarrely was based on a US Navy vessel, and its home games were played there. Many of Indonesia's rugby pitches still have unusual distinctions - one is in the heart of the Indonesian jungle, another on a mountain summit, and another in the middle of a tea plantation.
Supposedly the game died out in 1986, after Indonesia had participated in Hong Kong Sevens. However, with the help of a group of Australian, New Zealand and Welsh ex-pats, along with local Indonesians, Malaysians and Singaporeans, the game was revived in 2004.
Although traditionally seen as the province of Commonwealth expatriates, the game has made strides amongst the native population.
As with many other minor rugby nations, the sport is mainly played in and around the capital Jakarta. It is often staged by various multisport clubs.
Today there is an Indonesia national rugby union team and a somewhat successful sevens team, and the game is somewhat more developed, but remains minor. There is also an ongoing schools programme.

</doc>
<doc id="18715973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715973" title="Beansheaf Farm">
Beansheaf Farm

Beansheaf Farm is a suburb of the town of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire. It lies south of the A4 (Bath Road) and is approximately south-west of the centre of Reading.
Local government.
From a local government perspective, Beansheaf Farm is outside the boundaries of the Borough of Reading. It forms part of the civil parish of Holybrook, in the neighbouring unitary authority of West Berkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="18715985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715985" title="Jocelyn Lovell">
Jocelyn Lovell

Jocelyn Bjorn Lovell (born July 19, 1950 in Norwich, Norfolk, England) is a former cyclist from Canada.
Lovell dominated Canadian cycling in the 1960s and 1970s; winning dozens of national titles as well as gold medals at the Commonwealth Games and Pan American Games. He brought Canadian cycling back into the international limelight.
His greatest success came at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton where he won three gold medals in Games record times. Later that year he won a silver medal at the world championships.
He is now a quadriplegic, having been injured in an incident involving a dump truck while training on the road. He accuses doctors of doing too little to cure paralysis. Lovell was married to speed skater Sylvia Burka.

</doc>
<doc id="18715987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18715987" title="Réseau des Émetteurs Français">
Réseau des Émetteurs Français

The Réseau des Émetteurs Français (REF, sometimes referred to as the REF-Union) (in English, literally "Network of French Radio Transmitters") is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in France. Key membership benefits of the organization include QSL bureau services, a monthly membership magazine called "Radio REF", and the promotion and sponsorship of radio contests and operating awards. REF promotes amateur radio by organizing classes and technical support to help enthusiasts earn their amateur radio license. The REF-Union also represents the interests of French amateur radio operators and shortwave listeners before French and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. REF is the national member society representing France in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18716010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716010" title="Gilon">
Gilon

Gilon () is a communal settlement in northern Israel. Located in the Lower Galilee on Mount Gilon seven kilometres west of Karmiel, it falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council. In 2007 it had a population of 1,000.
The village was established in 1980 by the Mishkei Herut Beitar movement as part of the Lookouts in the Galilee plan to increase Jewish settlement in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="18716012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716012" title="Eustathius of Mtskheta">
Eustathius of Mtskheta

Eustathius or Eustace of Mtskheta (Evstat'i Mtskhet'eli; ) (died c. 550) is an Orthodox Christian saint, executed for his apostasy from Zoroastrianism by the Persian military authorities in Georgia. His story is related in the anonymous 6th-century Georgian hagiographic novel "The Passion of Eustathius of Mtskheta".
One of the earliest extant works of the Georgian literature, "The Passion of Eustathius of Mtskheta" (მარტჳლობაჲ და მოთმინებაჲ წმიდისა ევსტათი მცხეთელისაჲ) was written by an anonymous author later in the 6th century, within thirty years of Eustathius' reported death. The morphology of the work as well as some theological phrases also supports this dating, although the earliest surviving manuscript dates from c. 1000 (Georgian National Center of Manuscripts, MSS H-341). The text is also interesting for the first Georgian formulation of the Ten Commandments, an account of the life of Jesus which recalls Tatian's "Diatessaron" (a Gospel harmony of the 2nd century), and traces of influence of the 2nd century Apology of Aristides. "The Passion" was first published by Mikhail Sabinin in 1882.
Eustathius is reported by the hagiographer to have been a Persian cobbler originally called Gvirobandak, son of a Zoroastrian priest (magi), from Ganzak. Having converted to Christianity, he flees persecution to Georgia (Iberia), then under the Persian military authority, in 541. He settles at the Christian town of Mtskheta and marries a Christian woman. The local Persian cobblers’ guild denounces Eustathius to the marzban Arvand Gushnasp with seven other converts to be judged. Arvand punishes the apostates by having their noses pierced and casts them in prison under sentence of death. Six months later, Arvand releases them, however, as a farewell gesture to the local people, when recalled from Georgia by the king Khosrau I. Four years later, under the new marzban Bezhan Buzmir, Eustathius is rearrested, but reaffirms his faith before the court in a speech of some 3,000 words that makes up nearly half "the Passion". Eventually, the marzban, albeit reluctant, has him beheaded in Tbilisi.

</doc>
<doc id="18716024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716024" title="Madar">
Madar

Madar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716049" title="Wang Zheng (athlete)">
Wang Zheng (athlete)

Wang Zheng (Chinese 王峥) (born 14 December 1987) is a female hammer thrower from PR China. Her personal best throw is 72.46 metres, achieved on 31 March 2013 in Chengdu.
She finished ninth at the 2006 World Junior Championships. She competed at the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final round.

</doc>
<doc id="18716055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716055" title="William A. Graham (agriculture commissioner)">
William A. Graham (agriculture commissioner)

William Alexander Graham (December 26, 1839–December 23, 1923) was a North Carolina legislator and state Commissioner of Agriculture.
Graham was born on December 26, 1839 in Hillsborough, North Carolina to William Alexander Graham (1804–1875) and Susannah Sarah Washington. Graham was educated at private schools, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and Princeton College. He served as an officer in the Confederate Army during the Civil War. Graham became a farmer and led the North Carolina Farmers' Alliance. A Democrat, he was elected to represent Lincoln County in the North Carolina Senate in 1874 and 1879 and in the North Carolina House of Representatives in 1905. In 1879 to 1880, Graham served as President pro tempore of the North Carolina Senate. From 1899 to 1908, Graham was a member of the state Board of Agriculture. 
In 1908, Graham was elected Commissioner of Agriculture. He was re-elected several times and served until his death in December 1923. His son, William Graham, Jr., succeeded him as Commissioner.
Graham died in Raleigh, North Carolina on December 23, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="18716063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716063" title="Cathy MacDonald">
Cathy MacDonald

Cathy MacDonald (Gaelic: ) is a Scottish broadcaster who is known for hosting many Scottish Gaelic-language television programmes such as Dotaman and has also presented BBC Scotland's "Reporting Scotland". 
MacDonald previously hosted "Siubhal gu Seachd" every Monday - Thursday on BBC Radio nan Gaidheal, and currently hosts "The Greetings Programme" on BBC Radio Scotland. 
She is also currently hosting a Gaelic cookery competition "Cocaire nan Cocairean", which is aired on BBC Alba weekly.
She has hosted a series on BBC Alba, "Cuide ri Cathy" starting on Monday 22 September 2008, where she spends a day with some of Scotland's top celebrities including the First Minister Alex Salmond, TV presenter Aggie MacKenzie and Gail Porter, Pro Golfer Colin Montgomery, and writer Irvine Welsh.

</doc>
<doc id="18716068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716068" title="Transient epileptic amnesia">
Transient epileptic amnesia

Transient epileptic amnesia (TEA) is a rare but probably underdiagnosed neurological condition which manifests as relatively brief and generally recurring episodes of amnesia caused by underlying temporal lobe epilepsy. Though descriptions of the condition are based on fewer than 100 cases published in the medical literature, and the largest single study to date included 50 people with TEA, TEA offers considerable theoretical significance as competing theories of human memory attempt to reconcile its implications.
Symptoms.
A person experiencing a TEA episode has very little short-term memory, so that there is profound difficulty remembering events in the past few minutes (anterograde amnesia), or of events in the hours prior to the onset of the attack, and even memories of important events in recent years may not be accessible during the amnestic event (retrograde amnesia). Some people report short-lived retrograde amnesia so deep that they do not recognize their home or family members, though personal identity is preserved. The amnestic attack has a sudden onset. Three-fourths of cases are reported upon awakening. In attacks that begin when an individual is fully alert, olfactory hallucinations or a "strange taste" or nausea have been reported. Somewhat less than half the cases include olfactory or gustatory hallucinations, and slightly more than a third involve motor automatisms. A quarter of attacks involve a brief period of unresponsiveness. Frequently, however, there is no warning.
During the attack the person's cognitive functions are not generally impaired; perception, communication, attention are normal for most of the duration of the event. In half the cases reported, behavior includes repetitive questioning to attempt to orient experience as the brain fails to lay down new memories or recall a range of recent experiences. The website of the UK-based organization The Impairment of Memory in Epilepsy (TIME) describes an attack this way:
During an attack, the person is usually unable to remember things that have happened over the past days or weeks. Sometimes, the memory loss may affect events from much further back in the past. In addition, the individual often finds it difficult to retain new information and may ask the same question, such as "What day is it?" or "What are we supposed to be doing today?" repetitively. There is, however, no loss of personal identity and close friends or relatives are usually recognised. The physical appearance of the person is normally unchanged. Observers may, however, notice some pallor of the skin, a brief ‘loss of contact’ such as not seeming to be aware of the person witnessing the attack, or some automatic movements such as swallowing, lip smacking or fidgeting of the hands. In most cases, however, the person responds appropriately to the situation they are in. They carry on conversations and can continue with activities such as getting dressed, walking or even playing a game of golf."
Attacks typically last 20 to 60 minutes. Some attacks may be less than five minutes in duration. Much longer attacks have been reported; in the 2007 study of 50 TEA cases, one lasted four days and one lasted two days. Such unusual presentations "may be due to ongoing seizure activity (non-convulsive status epilepticus) or persistent post-ictal dysfunction of memory related brain structures."
As the amnesia resolves, the person may recall very little about it, although some memory may be retained of the fact of an episode. Of greater consequence than this brief gap are three common persistent memory complaints among people who have experienced TEA: difficulty recalling knowledge recently gained (accelerated forgetting); difficulty recalling events in one's personal life over a period of decades (autobiographical amnesia); and difficulty with spatial memory, recalling routes or places and the navigational cues that are associated with them (topographical amnesia), discussed below.
Diagnosis.
Transient amnesia can be the principal manifestation of epilepsy. This diagnosis, however, is "seldom suspected by clinicians and remains controversial." TEA is "almost always misdiagnosed" according to a leading authority. In the largest study to date (2007) "Epilepsy was the initial specialist diagnosis in only 12 of 50 cases." Diagnosis is further complicated by the fact that only somewhat more than a third of cases present positive EEG readings after the attack. However, as TEA tends to recur at a median rate of 12 times a year, witnesses and clinicians may be able to recognize the condition retrospectively; the median delay to diagnosis of TEA in the 2007 study was 12 months.
TEA is a form of focal seizure, which are "the most common variety of adult-onset epilepsy" as opposed to the stereotypical tonic-clonic or grand mal seizure in which affected persons suffer loss of consciousness and convulse. Diagnostic criteria for the disorder were adopted in the 2007 study of 50 case emphasized clinical features that distinguish TEA from Transient global amnesia (TGA), with which TEA is often compared:
Neuroimaging during events.
An individual in the midst of a prolonged TEA attack was given a PET scan which revealed "dramatic and circumscribed hypermetabolism in the left medial temporal lobe" and his "fluid-attentuated inversion-recovery MRI scan revealed high signal in the left hippocampus." Surface EEG recording during an amnesic attack was performed in ten TEA cases. "All recordings showed seizure activity, which in 8/10 cases involved both temporal lobes and in the others remained unilateral (1 left and one right-sided)." "Another patient was having an EEG when a TGA event occurred; the trace showed a one-minute burst of left temporal spikes, followed by normalization of the EEG.
MRI or CT scans have been reported in 62 TEA cases, with a very low incidence of clinically significant findings. Those focal brain lesions that have been detected have involved the medial temporal lobes. Typically, MRI and CT findings are not remarkable.
TEA and other transient amnestic syndromes.
TEA is, at first, a challenge to distinguish its salient features during the event from Transient global amnesia and psychogenic amnesia, though other forms of transient amnesia can include reactions to various medications, closed head injury, and migraine. (Other sources of amnestic symptoms include herpes encephalitis, hypoxia, vascular or basal forebrain lesions, deep midline tumors, early dementia, and Korsakoff syndrome which is secondary to thiamine deficiency, most often the result of alcohol abuse.)
"The anatomical and pathophysiological basis of TEA is presumed to be similar to transient global amnesia (TGA), that is, it is likely to be primarily hippocampal in origin, but with more variable involvement of limbic and adjacent temporal lobe neocortical structures."
Epidemiology.
TEA characteristically starts in late middle-age. In a sample of validated individuals with TEA had a mean age of 62 and a range of 44 to 77 years of age for the first attack. Research samples have been predominantly male by a ratio of two-to-one. The IQ of people diagnosed with TEA tends to be in the high average to superior range, perhaps due to selection bias.
Persistent memory effects.
Memory difficulties are among the most common issues for people with epilepsy, and "persistent memory impairment is reported by about 75% of patients with TEA." Other studies suggest the rate exceeds 80%. People who have had TEA attacks frequently report three kinds of persistent problems with memory:
Importantly, these types of memory difficulty are not detected by standard neuropsychological tests.
Accelerated long-term forgetting (ALF).
Accelerated long-term forgetting (ALF) may be described as the abnormally rapid loss of recently learned material from memory. People who have experienced TEA often have difficulty in recalling information over days to weeks, even if this information was well learned initially. Even though accelerated memory loss is reported in 44% of TEA patients, it is undetected by standard tests of memory. Typically these tests examine the ability to store information for up to 30 minutes but the problem of accelerated long-term forgetting in TEA patients is not generally noticeable at this point. It becomes apparent over the following days and weeks. A recent study indicated that acquisition of recently everyday events can be normal after 30 minutes delay but that within 24 hours patients recall significantly less information than age and IQ matched control participants. 
Several non-mutually exclusive hypotheses have been advanced to explain why TEA patients experience accelerated forgetting.
Seizures in TEA patients commonly occur upon waking suggesting a link between TEA and sleep. It is possible that abnormal electrical activity during sleep disrupts the process of memory consolidation which normally occurs when we sleep. On-going subclinical seizure activity has interesting implications for theories of memory consolidation, discussed below.
It is possible that a pre-existing condition affecting the temporal lobe may both cause attacks of TEA and interfere with the handling of memories. "Alternatively, episodes of TEA might themselves give rise to structural damage within the hippocampus or related structures, which could disrupt long term consolidation." One study found "subtle hippocampal volume loss" in patients with TEA, but the atrophy did not correspond to measures of either ALF or autobiographical memory loss, suggesting "a more diffuse psychological basis rather than being a consequence of structural damage."
Antiepileptic drugs sometimes affect memory. However, this is unlikely to be the cause of ALF in TEA, as patients tend to report memory problems before they start taking the antiepileptic drugs and can experience improvement in their memory after taking them.
Research has reported that low mood and poor self-esteem are associated with memory problems. These are important factors when investigating patients with epilepsy in general. However, in TEA they do not appear to play an important role in accelerated forgetting.
Remote memory loss.
70% of people with TEA notice a patchy but persistent loss of memories of events from their past personal experiences and this autobiographical amnesia has been reported in all cases in which accelerated forgetting was also present. This memory loss can occur in people whose ability to acquire new memories is intact. Studying this 'autobiographical amnesia' or 'focal retrograde amnesia' or 'delayed onset amnesia' has been challenging because people do not always realize they have forgotten events or periods of time until they have difficulty in retrieving memories of specific significant events, and find they cannot form a coherent recollection. At first they might think they have forgotten some isolated events due to normal forgetting, and not realize they have forgotten larger blocks of past time:
"In our experience, patients most often present complaining of islands of memory loss that become apparent when discussing holidays or family events. We now ask patients with suspected TEA if they have gaps in their autobiographical memory, and especially about recall of holidays and other salient personal events. This is not, we would argue, because of the unique status of such events, but rather because it reflects the patchy nature of the remote memory deficit and the vulnerability of singular events. It is unlikely that a single week missing from everyday life would be noticed, owing to the repetitive nature of most day to day activities. In contrast, the loss of memory for last year’s holiday brings the retrograde memory loss into sharp relief."
These memory deficits have been shown to extend across the entire lifespan and there are significant impairments across a wide range of different types of contextual information including event, place, perceptual and thought/emotion details. When asked to produce personal memories relating to a particular word (for example, "boat"), a 68 year old epileptic patient failed to retrieve any episodes from his twenties or thirties. His performance on standard tests of anterograde memory was normal."
Autobiographical amnesia maybe caused by repeated seizures in the temporal lobe resulting in the progressive "erasure" of memories. Alternatively, autobiographical memory loss may result from subtle changes in the temporal lobe which gives rise to temporal lobe epilepsy and to memory problems. The mechanism and etiology of this phenomenon remains controversial, especially as it is impossible to rule out prior subclinical epileptic activity which could be responsible for a failure to consolidate those seemingly forgotten memories. A recent imaging study that aimed to provide insight into the neural basis of these autobiographical memory deficits revealed that patients had significantly reduced activation in the right medial temporal lobes (and more specifically the right posterior parahippocampal cortex)and effective connectivity analysis indicated that there was reduced connectivity between this right parahippocampal region and the right middle temporal gyrus, which has been linked to semantic memory 
As well as these autobiographical memory deficits, patients have problems with personal semantic information (e.g., names of friends, jobs etc), particularly for mid-life events. Knowledge for public semantic information such as famous faces, famous events, or new word acquisition appears to be broadly intact. However, for semantic information that has an episodic component, such as knowledge of whether people are dead or alive, patients with TEA often show significant deficits.
Topographical amnesia.
Reported in 36% of cases, topographical amnesia refers to the inability of a person to recall the spatial cues necessary to navigate previously familiar terrain, or in some cases, in new places. People with such a symptom find themselves getting lost or confused about directions in circumstances where they would formerly been easily able to find their way. This symptom is problematic for the generally-accepted hippocampal loci of TEA memory dysfunctions; such spatial information is generally thought to reside in other neuroanatomical structures.
Treatment.
TEA responds well to low doses of medicine used to treat epilepsy, (such as carbamazepine, lamotrigine or sodium valproate) resulting in a cessation of seizure activity in 45 of 47 patients. Medicated patients with continuing seizures experienced them less frequently. The recovery of lost memory, however, is not reported, though there are suggestions that the rate of decay of memory might be reduced with these medications.
Implications for theories of memory.
These forms of memory deficit raise issues about the nature of memories in the neuroanatomy and how conflicting observations can be reconciled with either the standard or the multiple trace models. It has been noted that "People with temporal lobe epilepsy provide a natural laboratory for the study of human memory." TEA, as a form of temporal lobe epilepsy, is of particular interest as one must consider both the loss of long-encoded memories (as long as 40 years or one's whole life) and the simultaneous failure of recently-encoded but not immediately short-term memories. The issue of topographical amnesia, which would seem to involve parts of the brain not usually associated with other TEA symptoms, was referred to earlier. These are often considered different kinds of memories with distinct neuroanatomical loci, so that a model to explain both conditions with one etiology is elusive.
The major issues are summarized on the TIME website:
The cluster of memory problems occurring in patients with TEA - episodes of transient amnesia, accelerated forgetting and autobiographical amnesia - challenges both standard and multiple trace models of memory. The features of the amnesic episodes, the high frequency of olfactory hallucinations during attacks and findings from electroencephalography suggest that a medial temporal lobe focus is responsible for the seizures. On the 'standard model' of memory consolidation, which proposes that the medial temporal lobes play a time-limited role in memory processing, accelerated forgetting, occurring over days-1 week (TIME data), is a plausible result of structural or functional pathology in the medial temporal lobes. The associated autobiographical memory impairment is, however, a more puzzling consequence of medial temporal lobe pathology on this theory. It could be that epileptiform activity originating in the medial temporal lobe has the potential to disrupt the distributed neocortical traces required to maintain detailed autobiographical memories. Multiple trace theory, on the other hand predicts that disturbances of anterograde and retrograde episodic memory will go hand in hand. However it is not evident, in this theory, that partial damage to the hippocampus - of the kind that might plausibly cause of the phenomena of TEA - should lead to selective erasure of previously salient autobiographical memories. Thus neither of the leading current models of retrograde memory readily accounts for our observations.
There is support in the pattern of these deficits for "dissociation between the mechanisms subserving anterograde memory and those required to evoke remote episodic memories, and strengthens the evidence for a dissociation between knowledge of public and of personal events." The stability of some memories and suggests further that 'focal retrograde amnesia' as it has been termed may be " due to erasure of representations rather than to a defective retrieval mechanism. Whether epileptic activity per se is responsible for this phenomenon requires further investigation." One issue raised by this hypothesis includes whether the reported amnesia in fact predates the TEA attack, and is possibly due to prior subclinical epileptic activity; it also highlights a variety of methodological concerns about studies of amnesia based largely on single case studies and cases with varying etiologies.
ALF and focal retrograde amnesia after TEA offer clues as to the nature of memory consolidation.
According to the standard view of memory consolidation, extensive retrograde amnesia is likely to be the result of damage to cortical memory representations or, more plausibly, the links between individual sensory elements that constitute an autobiographical episode. Recent studies of patients with medial temporal pathology have suggested that the hippocampal formation has a life long role in the storage of autobiographical memories. It is plausible therefore that medial temporal damage, whether occurring as a result of recurrent seizures and/or underlying subtle vascular damage, could result in both accelerated forgetting and retrograde amnesia. Further work investigating the relationships between seizure frequency, EEG activity, structural changes in the temporal lobes, and the severity of accelerated forgetting and autobiographical memory loss, is required to clarify these issues.
This view of consolidation has been disputed, as it seems to suggest consolidation occurs over long spans of time, not just minutes or days, and "requires physiological changes lasting years or decades." Such long-term consolidation processes would seem to require multiple stages of consolidation, which remain hypothetical.
A central concern in theories of memory consolidation is the role of sleep. "(O)ne set of observations suggests that consolidation may occur over any time interval, whereas another body of data suggests that these processes require sleep…. Clearly, both cannot be true. Resolving the inherent conflict between these perspectives strikes at the very heart of how biological mechanisms process memories after their initial encoding." TEA is related to sleep in nearly three-quarters of cases, and persistent memory problems could be the result of nocturnal, subclinical attacks disrupting on-going consolidation processes. Furthermore, as noted, abnormal EEG readings in people with TEA occur primarily in sleep EEG. However, the "reason for the close relationship of TEA with sleep is unclear. It may be that the transition from sleep to waking acts as a trigger to a seizure focus in the medial temporal lobe. Alternatively, amnesia upon waking may reflect persistent post-ictal dysfunction of medial temporal lobe structures following a seizure during sleep."

</doc>
<doc id="18716078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716078" title="Papal conclave, 1774–75">
Papal conclave, 1774–75

The Papal conclave, October 5, 1774 – February 15, 1775 – was the papal conclave convoked after the death of Pope Clement XIV and ended with the election of Cardinal Giovanni Angelo Braschi, who took the name of Pius VI.
Death of Clement XIV.
Pope Clement XIV died suddenly on September 22, 1774 at the age of 68. His pontificate had been dominated by the problem of the Society of Jesus. The various courts under the House of Bourbon and the Kingdom of Portugal (under the House of Braganza) urged the general suppression of the order. The Pope tried to defend Jesuits and to temporize, but finally had to capitulate, and in 1773 he issued the Brief "Dominus ac Redemptor" which suppressed the Society of Jesus. Father Lorenzo Ricci, general of the order, had been imprisoned in the Castel Sant'Angelo. However, the Jesuits still had many adherents in the Roman Curia and in the Sacred College of Cardinals. The attitude toward Jesuits remained the main criterion of the appreciation of the candidates to the papal succession in the subsequent conclave.
List of participants.
At the death of Clement XIV there were fifty-five cardinals in the Sacred College, but two of them died during sede vacante, while another nine remained entirely absent. Forty-four cardinals participated in the conclave:
Thirteen cardinals were created by Clement XIV, twenty by Clement XIII, ten by Pope Benedict XIV and one (Alessandro Albani) by Innocent XIII.
Absentees.
Nine cardinals were absent:
Benedict XIV, Clement XIII and Clement XIV created three of them each.
Died during sede vacante.
Two cardinals, including one created by Benedict XIV and one created by Clement XIII:
Divisions in the Sacred College.
The College of Cardinals was generally divided into two blocs: curial, pro-Jesuit ("zelanti") and political, anti-Jesuit. The first one was formed by the Italian curial cardinals who opposed the secular influences on the Church. The second one included crown-cardinals of the Catholic courts. These two blocs were in no way homogenous. "Zelanti" were divided into moderate and radical factions. The anti-Jesuit bloc was divided into several national groups with different interests.
The leader of "Zelanti" was Cardinal Marcantonio Colonna. The other representatives of this faction were Giovanni Battista Rezzonico, his relative Carlo Rezzonico, who occupied the important office of the camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church, Gian Francesco Albani, dean of the College of Cardinals, and Alessandro Albani, archdeacon of the College. The Rezzonichi represented the radical wing of this faction, while the Albanis and Colonna represented the moderate wing. Among the anti-Jesuit cardinals the main leader was Cardinal de Bernis, ambassador of Louis XVI of France. The interests of Charles III of Spain were represented by Cardona, interests of Ferdinand III of Sicily/Ferdinand IV of Naples by Orsini, while those of Maria Theresa of Austria and her son Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor were under the care of Migazzi and Corsini. Also very influential was Cardinal Giraud, former nuncio in France. Several cardinals were not counted among the members of these factions.
There was no main favourite of the conclave. About thirty cardinals were considered papabile.
Conclave.
The conclave began on October 5, 1774. Initially there were only 28 participants. By the middle of December their number reached only 39, but by the end of the conclave five more cardinals arrived.
Cardinal Marcantonio Colonna, taking advantage of the small number of electors, mostly curial cardinals belonging to his zelanti faction, tried to release Father Ricci from prison. This initiative obtained support of camerlengo Carlo Rezzonico and of Cardinal of York, but the anti-Jesuit faction was strong enough to frustrate it.
Every day at least one ballot took place, but no candidates with serious chances for the election were proposed at the beginning, because the number of electors was relatively small and they were obliged to await the arrival of the rest, particularly of those representatives of the courts who did not reside in Rome. "Zelanti" voted mainly for their leader Colonna, who received the greatest number of votes in these initial ballots, but certainly had no chances to secure the required majority of two thirds. Some other candidates were also put forward by the "Zelanti", but they were all rejected by crown-cardinals as too pro-Jesuit. Against the candidature of Giovanni Carlo Boschi the Bourbon courts even pronounced the official exclusion.
Although the court factions cooperated by the blocking of "Zelanti" candidates, they were unable to agree upon one of their own. Spain supported Pallavicino, while Austria favoured Visconti, a former nuncio at Vienna. Towards the end of 1774 appeared for the first the name of young Cardinal Giovanni Angelo Braschi, aged 57, who belonged to the moderate wing of the "Zelanti" faction. He was advanced by Cardinal Giraud, and obtained a significant number of votes. This time the crown-cardinals rejected Braschi as pro-Jesuit, although Cardinal de Bernis in his report for the French court found him moderate man and did not exclude the support for him in the future, if no better candidate would be found. No consensus had been achieved before the end of 1774.
In January 1775 cardinals Migazzi, Borromeo, Caracciolo, Pallavicino and Visconti were proposed by the political factions, but without any significant success, because "Zelanti" rejected all candidates recommended by the monarchs. Cardinal Zelada tried to mediate between factions, proposing to reduce the number of candidates to six, of whom each of the two blocs had to advance three, and to elect this one of them who would be the most acceptable for all. But this initiative had also failed.
Gradually French Cardinals de Bernis and Luynes came to the conclusion that it was impossible to find any better candidate with chances for the election than initially rejected by them Cardinal Braschi. This was the turning point of the conclave. The Braschi's candidature gained important and influential allies. But Spain and Portugal still opposed him as too much devoted to Jesuits. Braschi also had some opponents in the radical wing of his own party. To secure the required majority for Braschi, Cardinal de Bernis aligned himself with Cardinal Zelada, who recentely acted as mediator: de Bernis had to convince the political factions, while Zelada had to overcome the opposition among radical Zelanti. Also Cardinal Albani was engaged in the promotion of Braschi.
Cardinal Zelada secured the support of "Zelanti" without serious problems. Also the conviction of Spain was not a difficult task for de Bernis because Spanish candidate Pallavicino openly declared that he would not accept the tiara and called to vote for Braschi. The other political factions agreed when Braschi promised the ratification of the suppression of the Jesuits, his friendship to the House of Bourbon and to the House of Habsburg, and agreed to be guided by the allies in the distribution of State offices.
Election of Pius VI.
On February 15, 1775, after 134 days of deliberation, in the 265th ballot, Cardinal Giovanni Angelo Braschi was elected to the papacy receiving all votes except his own, which, according to custom, he gave to Gian Francesco Albani, dean of the Sacred College of Cardinals. He took the name of Pius VI, in honour of St. Pius V.
On February 22, 1775 the Pope-elect was consecrated bishop of Rome by Cardinal Dean Gian Francesco Albani, bishop of Porto e Santa Rufina, assisted by Sub-dean Henry Benedict Stuart, bishop of Frascati, and Camerlengo Carlo Rezzonico, bishop of Sabina. On the same day he was also solemnly crowned by Cardinal Alessandro Albani, protodeacon of S. Maria in Via Lata.

</doc>
<doc id="18716080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716080" title="Charles Gagnier">
Charles Gagnier

Charles Gagnier is a Canadian freeskier. He was born on July 19, 1985 in Victoriaville QC.
He is best known for inventing the octograb, a trick that consists of grabbing one ski's tail with the right hand and the nose of the other ski with the left hand. His most famous trick is the Octograb 1260.

</doc>
<doc id="18716093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716093" title="Holy Catholic Church—Western Rite">
Holy Catholic Church—Western Rite

The Holy Catholic Church—Western Rite (HCC—WR) is a Continuing Anglican church. It is represented in the United Kingdom, Latin America, the United States of America, South Africa, Canada, New Zealand, Rome and Spain. It originated with a separation of a group of bishops of the Anglican Catholic Church (ACC) led by Bishop Thomas Justin Kleppinger, Bishop McNeley, Bishop Seeland, Bishop Leslie Hamlett and Bishop Victor Cruz-Blanco, who were concerned about what they considered to be the ACC's doctrinal comprehensiveness and moral relativism. In 2005 Bishop Leslie Hamlett was deposed and Bishop Wright was later elected as Metropolitan. He held that position until his death in 2009. In a recent unity move, the Holy Catholic Church—Western Rite, while also maintaining its name where represented by it currently, united with the Holy Catholic Church Anglican Rite under Metropolitan Archbishop Thomas Kleppinger of the HCCAR.
The HCC—WR adheres to the doctrines of the undivided church of the first millennium. It believes those doctrines to be embodied in the Orthodox churches, which in their belief have never added to or subtracted from the "holy tradition". While identifying totally with the Catholic and Orthodox churches in matters of faith, the HCC—WR Diocese of Europe uses the ancient Western liturgy of the Mass - hence the term "Western Rite". The HCC—WR Diocese of Europe (but not the HCC-WR itself) is a member of the Anglican Church International Communion (ACIC).
Letter of Unity.
On March 1, 2010, the HCCAR and HCC—WR signed the organic unity document as follows:
+ In the Name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, Amen.<br><br>
To all the Faithful in Christ Jesus throughout the World, Greeting:<br><br>
Whereas the Holy Catholic Church - Anglican Rite and the Holy Catholic Church - Western Rite have been in communion, be it known that we have entered into a full organic communion (communio in sacris) effective this First Day of March in the Year of our Lord Two Thousand and Ten.<br><br>
As a united body in the Family of Catholic Churches, our goal is to perpetuate the Faith, Order, Worship and Witness of Western Catholicism as it existed in the Church of England from around 200 A.D., to the time of the Great Schism, and set forth by the “ancient catholic bishops and doctors,” and especially as defined by the Seven Ecumenical Councils of the undivided Church. The Holy Catholic Church - Anglican Rite is Catholic, because it accepts the doctrines of the ancient Church, which have been “believed everywhere, always, and by all.” The Affirmation of Louis is a sufficient statement of our faith, belief and teaching in fostering the faith once delivered to the saints in the great Anglican Tradition until His second Coming.<br><br>
Be it resolved, that the Holy Catholic Church - Anglican Rite (HCCAR) also known as the Anglican Rite Catholic Church (ARCC), henceforth also be deemed as the Holy Catholic Church - Western Rite (HCCWR) as applicable in the different parts of the world it is represented.<br><br>
Be it resolved, that the Holy Catholic Church Anglican Rite (ARCC/HCCWR) the following Dioceses: Diocese of Holy Trinity and Great Plains, Diocese of the Pacific and Southwest, Diocese of the Resurrection (HCC-AR), Missionary Diocese of the American Indian People, Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada (South America), Diocese of Europe and Diocese of Umzi Wase Tiyopiya (Africa).<br><br>
Be it resolved that we work towards the promulgation of three Provinces namely the Original Province of America, the Province of the Caribbean and New Granada and the Province of Europe and Africa.<br><br>
The HCC-AR College of Bishops consists of the Bishops of the Diocese of Holy Trinity and Great Plains, Bishop of the Diocese of Resurrection, Bishops of the Diocese of Pacific and Southwest, Bishop of the Missionary Diocese of the American Indian People, Bishops of the Anglican Diocese of Caribbean and New Granada and Bishop Ordinary of the Diocese of Umzi Wase Tiyopiya and Episcopal Visitor to the Diocese of Europe with Archbishop Thomas Kleppinger as the Metropolitan. All Coadjutor Bishops, Assistant Bishops, and Retired Bishops have Seat, Voice and Vote in the College of Bishops.<br><br>
Be it resolved that while the role of the College of Bishops of the HCC-AR is to address the spiritual,theological and pastoral concerns. Each Diocese has full autonomy of Government, Judicial-Pastoral Discipline,and Administration, and are expected to operate in accordance with their local and national laws and requirements.<br>
Given under our hand and seal this date. March 1, in the year of our Lord 2010.<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Leo Michael, Diocese of the Holy Trinity and Great Plains<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Henry King, Diocese of the Pacific and Southwest<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Anthony Rasch, Bishop Coadjutor, Diocese of the Pacific and Southwest<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Kenneth Kinner, Missionary Diocese of the American Indian People<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d James McNeley, Bishop Emeritus, Diocese of the Holy Trinity and Great Plains<br><br>
The Rt. Rev'd Ronald Greeson, Suffragan Emeritus, Diocese of the Holy Trinity and Great Plains<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Samuel Banzana, Diocese of Umzi Wase Tiyopiya; Episcopal Visitor, Diocese of Europe<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Victor Cruz-Blanco, Anglican Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Luis Carlos Garcia Medina, Bishop Assistant, Anglican Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d John Jairo Garcia Salazar, Bishop Assistant Anglican Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada<br><br>
The Rt. Rev’d Jesus Maria Galvez Hoyos, Bishop Assistant Anglican Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada
The Rt. Rev´d Domingo Ramón Rivero Coronado of the Diocese of the Caribbean and New Granada was not a signer.

</doc>
<doc id="18716123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716123" title="Song Dan">
Song Dan

Song Dan (born 5 July 1990 in Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan) is a female Chinese javelin thrower. 
Song competed at the 2008 Olympic Games, without reaching the final.
Her personal best throw is 60.68 metres, achieved in March 2008 in Chengdu.

</doc>
<doc id="18716139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716139" title="Zhang Li (javelin thrower born 1989)">
Zhang Li (javelin thrower born 1989)

Zhang Li (; born 17 January 1989 in Jiangxi) is a female Chinese javelin thrower. Her personal best throw is 62.09 metres, achieved in May 2008 in Beijing.
She won the 2005 World Youth Championships, finished fifth at the 2005 Asian Championships, fourth at the 2006 World Junior Championships, fourth at the 2008 World Junior Championships and tenth at the 2008 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="18716169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716169" title="Chen Gang">
Chen Gang

Chen Gang (陈刚) (1906–1967), important Moscow-trained member of the Chinese Communist Party’s security services prior to the founding of the PRC in 1949.
Born in Fushun (富顺) county, Sichuan province, Chen Gang entered the National University of China (中国大学) in Beijing in 1925 and joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) in January 1927. In 1935, he was sent by the party to Moscow, where he studied at the International Lenin School for two years. Upon returning to China in 1937, he was assigned to work in Yan’an where he participated in building up the security services and intelligence & counter-intelligence organ of the CCP leadership and, during the Anti-Japanese War, worked as an officer in the Central Department of Social Affairs (CDSA). Chen led a contingent of some one hundred plus CDSA officers to liberated Manchuria shortly after the end of WW2 and remained active in that part of China until December 1948, when he was recalled to party central and appointed deputy director of the CDSA. (One source claims that he had in fact been promoted to this post already when departing Yan'an for Manchuria in November 1945.) Chen was in Beiping (Beijing) in his CDSA deputy director capacity until the summer of 1949 and the dissolution of the CDSA. At this time, at his own request, he was transferred to his native province of Sichuan where, during the next decade and a half, he would hold a number of senior party positions in the industrial and labour sectors in, in addition to being a concurrent member of the CCP Central Supervisory Commission. Purged in the autumn of 1966, at the start of the Cultural Revolution, Chen was officially rehabilitated in May 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="18716174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716174" title="Sandringham High School, Johannesburg">
Sandringham High School, Johannesburg

Sandringham High School is a South African high school in Sandringham, a north-eastern suburb of Johannesburg. The school opened in 1967 and teaches grades 8 to 12.
Sandringham opened as a White co-educational English-speaking school teaching under the Transvaal Education Department (TED) of the South African government, meaning that the language of instruction was English and only Whites (as classified under Apartheid-era legislation) attended the school before 1991.
Education style.
The school is situated in middle-to-upper-class Johannesburg suburbia, and during the Apartheid years it reflected a traditional British style of education, with school uniforms and corporal punishment. Although progressive compared to other similar schools in South Africa (teaching modern film, carpentry, and culinary skills in addition to basic academic subjects), it was conservative and disciplined by western standards. Like similar schools, Sandringham had many extramural facilities, including tennis courts, a 25-meter swimming pool, rugby and cricket fields, computer training facilities, theatrical stage lighting in the main hall, modern audio-visual equipment, and a pupil-teacher ratio of about 30 to 1.
Although Sandringham is not a boarding school, pupils are allocated to one of four "Houses", and made to compete against each other in a number of activities.
Sports participation was strongly encouraged and the emphasis on sporting achievement was reflected in a large number of award ceremonies and prizes available to sporting participants.
Corporal punishment.
As in many South African schools, discipline was enforced by corporal punishment. South Africa had inherited this British-style system during the pre-1948 colonial era.
Corporal punishment was however only inflicted upon male students, officially with a cane specially designed for the purpose, but sometimes unofficially with a cricket bat, hockey stick, blackboard compass, beach bat, or other suitable implement as may be available, or may suit the style and preference of the teacher. 
Offenses punished by official caning included talking in class, littering, hair longer than 5 cm in length, fighting, and failure to attend rugby practice. The punishment was administered to the seat of the offending boy's trousers.
Initiation ceremony.
Sandringham never adopted the time-honored tradition of initiation typical of the South African school system. There was, however, widespread bullying characterised by physical and verbal abuse that is common to school environments across the globe. 
Initiation was banned by the South African Schools Act in 1996.
Post-apartheid.
During the early 1990s, political reforms allowed small numbers of non-white students to attend school. Because admission criteria included geographical proximity, the number of black students was initially small, but increased with time.
Corporal punishment in schools was made illegal by legislation in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="18716178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716178" title="Liu Haili">
Liu Haili

Liu Haili (; born 24 December 1984 in Haicheng) is a Chinese heptathlete. She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics. Her personal best score is 6132 points, achieved at the 2005 National Games in Nanjing.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18716182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716182" title="Harald Gaier">
Harald Gaier

Harald Camillo Gaier (1938–present) is an Austrian-born British osteopath, homeopath, naturopath, master herbalist, acupuncturist and author of the "Encyclopaedic Dictionary of Homoeopathy" (a reference work for medical schools),
former president of the British Naturopathic Association
and founder of the General Naturopathic Council, which has since become the "de facto" regulatory body for the UK's naturopathic medical profession, under the aegis of the UK Government's Department of Health and is a constituent member of the Complementary and Natural Healthcare Council (CNHC). 
He came to the United Kingdom from Vienna, Austria in 1987 after having been invited by The Royal Society of Medicine (of which he is now a member) to contribute to their ‘Colloquia on Medicine and Complementary Therapies’ that were held at 1 Wimpole Street, London between April 1984 and January 1987. There he delivered a paper entitled ‘Statutory Recognition of So-called Associated Health Service Professions: An Anomaly in Medical Politics’. This constituted the first serious impetus in the UK toward the gradual official regulation of non-orthodox medicine.
He is a strong proponent of naturopathic medicine, and his professional interests lie in the paradigm of natural therapeutics, as well as special interest in the economics of healthcare. In June 2002, he published original research relating to gastric acid production, pancreatic exocrine function and intestinal dysbiosis. He has served on the Research Committee of the Prince's Foundation for Integrated Health and was medical research director at The Hale Clinic and The Diagnostic Clinic in London. Other recent published works include three articles concerning the two strains of thought - empirical medicine and rationalist medicine - that have run through medical thought for the last three thousand years.
He is also on the editorial board of Proof! and "What Doctors Don't Tell You", which examine the validity of claims by natural medicine. He is also currently on the editorial advisory panel of the "Journal of Alternative & Complementary Medicine".

</doc>
<doc id="18716183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716183" title="Dornier Do Y">
Dornier Do Y

The Dornier Do Y was a German bomber of the 1930s, the second bomber design by Dornier Flugzeugwerke. 
Development.
Design on the aircraft began in 1930, to follow up from the other bomber prototype of Dornier, the Dornier Do P. and the first aircraft flew in March 1930. It was a shoulder-wing monoplane of all-metal construction with fixed tailwheel landing gear, similar to the Do P, however this model had three engines instead of four. A civil transport version was proposed as the Dornier Do U, but this was never produced.
Operational history.
The Do P and Do Y were displayed in the early '30s as freighter prototypes; they were in fact evolutionary steps towards creating the Luftwaffe's first operational bomber, the Dornier Do 11a. Two examples were produced for the Royal Yugoslav Air Force in 1931, followed by two more machines six years later. All four served with the 81st regiment at Mostar-Ortijes until replaced by the Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 in 1939. The aircraft were then relegated to transport and liaison roles until all four were captured by German forces at Kraljevo in 1941. One of them was subsequently handed over to the Croatian Air Force. 
Fast passenger plane Do 15.
In 1932 Dornier worked on two planes with the Wnr. 243 and 244. They originally were ordered by Yugoslavia, but then cancelled. These planes were part of the Do K and Do Y projects. On a request for tender by Deutsche Luft Hansa and the Reich Air Ministry for a fast passenger plane - which in fact should be able to get a fast bomber. Dornier offered the design with the new naming Dornier Do 15. The same request lead to the superior designs Heinkel He 111 and Junkers Ju 86. This caused Dornier to develop a new design, the Dornier Do 17.

</doc>
<doc id="18716185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716185" title="Lanham">
Lanham

Lanham may refer to:
Places.
In the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="18716196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716196" title="Tang Xiaoyin">
Tang Xiaoyin

Tang Xiaoyin (; Cantonese: Tong1 Hiu2 Yan1; born 29 April 1985 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a female Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres. 
She finished fourth at the 2004 World Junior Championships and won the 2007 Asian Indoor Games.
She represented her country in the 4x400 metres relay event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. She went on to take gold in the same relay event at the 11th Chinese National Games in 2009.
Her personal best time is 52.55 seconds, achieved in August 2006 in Shijiazhuang. In the 200 metres she has 23.61 seconds, achieved in April 2004 in Guilin.

</doc>
<doc id="18716198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716198" title="443d Troop Carrier Group">
443d Troop Carrier Group

The 443d Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 443d Airlift Wing, being inactivated at Donaldson Air Force Base, South Carolina on 8 January 1953.
Formed during World War II, the group deployed to the China-Burma-India Theater of Operations in 1944 and using C-47's and sometimes gliders to transport Allied troops, evacuate wounded personnel, and haul supplies and material, including gasoline, oil, signal and engineering equipment, medicine rations, and ammunition. The Group's missions were concerned primarily with support for Allied forces that were driving southward through Burma, but the 443d also made flights to China. It moved to China in Aug. 1945 and received a Distinguished Unit Citation for transporting men from Chihkiang to Nanking in September. 1945.
History.
World War II.
The 443d Troop Carrier Group was established on 25 May 1943 and activated on 1 October as a Troop Carrier unit, being equipped with the C-47/C-53 Skytrain at Sedalia AAF, Missouri. Once training was completed the group transferred to Tenth Air Force in India, in February 1944 in the China Burma India Theater.
When the 443d arrived in India Combat Cargo Groups were being organized, and the group's personnel and aircraft were assigned to the 1st Combat Cargo Group. New squadrons were assigned and the group used C-47's and sometimes gliders to transport Allied troops, evacuate wounded personnel, and haul supplies and materiel, including gasoline, oil, signal and engineering equipment, medicine, rations, and ammunition.
The group's missions were concerned primarily with support for Allied forces that were driving southward through Burma but the 443rd also made many flights to China. When General Joseph Stilwell was ready to begin the retaking of Burma, his forces were to fight across the northern Burmese mountains to the village of Naga. From there they would head down the Hukawng Valley toward the Japanese stronghold at Mogaung, then they would head to Myitkyina. At the same time Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek, would attack Burma from China's western mountainous border. British General Orde Wingate and his "Chindits" were ready to begin their push into Burma with a goal of establishing permanent areas of occupation behind Japanese lines. British General William Slim was to bring his troops from Arakan, India into Burma. The final objective of this three pronged attack was the town Myitkyina. All these operations were to be largely supplied by air-support provided by the 443d and the 177th wing of the Royal Air Force.
It was reassigned to Fourteenth Air Force in January and moved to China in August 1945, and received a Distinguished Unit Citation for transporting a Chinese army of more than 30,000 men from Chihkiang to Nanking in September 1945.
Returned to the US in December and inactivated on 26 December 1945.
Cold War.
Trained as a Reserve troop carrier unit under supervision of the 2596th Air Force Reserve Training Center, June 1949 – April 1951.
The 443d was brought to active duty at Donaldson AFB, South Carolina on 9 August 1951 as a training wing by Tactical Air Command. For almost two years, the 443d participated in tactical exercises in operations, training troop carrier aircrews using C-46 Commandos for assignment to the Far East and worked closely with other troop carrier groups to test and evaluate new troop carrier doctrine and procedures. With the end of the Korean War, the 443d was inactivated on 8 June 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="18716207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716207" title="2008 European KF1 Championship">
2008 European KF1 Championship

KF1 is the top level of karting.

</doc>
<doc id="18716212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716212" title="Volkswagen Golf Mk6">
Volkswagen Golf Mk6

The Volkswagen Golf Mk6 (or VW "Typ 5K") is the successor to the Mk5, and was unveiled at the Paris Auto Show in October 2008. Volkswagen released pictures and information on 6 August 2008, prior to the official unveiling. The vehicle was released to the European market in the winter of 2008. Major investments have been made in production efficiency, with a claimed productivity improvement at launch of nearly 20% in comparison with the previous model, and further gains planned for the next twelve months. Although billed as the Mk6, the new model was in effect a thoroughly re-engineered facelift of the previous model. 
In 2013 it was superseded by the Mk7.
Design.
Like its predecessor, the Mk6 Golf is based on the Volkswagen Group A5 (PQ35) platform. Effectively it is a reskin of the Mk5 rather than an all-new design, it was developed with engineering improvements to shorten the previous model's excessive assembly time, and answered criticisms of that model's cheapened interior quality compared to that of the 1997 Mk4.
Specifications.
Equipment.
Improvements in equipment level on the domestic market Golfs include, for the first time in a Golf, the inclusion of air conditioning as standard.
Additionally, dual-zone climate control is included in the Autobahn trim for North America. 
Engines.
The company is talking confidently about launching in Germany during 2009 a BlueMotion low emissions Golf and, in more general terms of possible alternative fuel versions later.
Available engines for North American Golf include the 2.5 L I5 engine from the previous Mk5 Rabbit and Mk5 Jetta and the 2.0-litre TDI. GTI version features the 2.0-litre TSI.
Safety.
With safety features such as seven standard airbags, (up to nine in Europe, up to eight in the US) and standard Electronic Stability Programme (ESP), the Golf Mk6 has been awarded a five-star rating by the Euro NCAP crash test agency.
Cabriolet.
The new Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet was presented at the 2011 Geneva International Motor Show, Volkswagen calls the new model "a new chapter of a global success story". The four-seater has a soft top with an electro-hydraulic drive that opens the Golf's top in 9.5 seconds. The top can also be opened or closed during driving at speeds of up to . After a nine years without a convertible Golf, This will be the first Cabriolet model under the Golf family since 2002.
The new VW Golf Cabriolet's styling follows that of its hard-top three-door counterpart, but it differs somewhat with a new rear section, lower profile roof line and more swept-back angle of its front windscreen frame. Bi-xenon headlights are an option. Unlike the regular Golf, the Cabriolet has LED rear lights, which are only available for the R and GTI versions of the hardtop. Safety features include the automatically deploying roll-over bar, front airbags, side head/thorax airbags, knee airbag for the driver and ESP.
There are six turbocharged direct-injection engines whose power outputs range from to . Four of the petrol engines (TSI) and one diesel (TDI) are available with the DSG dual-clutch gearbox; while three of the engines are available with energy-saving BlueMotion Technology.
In February 2012, Volkswagen announced that it would build a Cabriolet version of the GTI, powered by a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine.
Variant.
A facelifted variant Mk5 Golf Variant model was introduced in 2009 as the Mk6, despite carrying the front fascia, interior styling, and the drive line from the new Golf, the underpinnings are based on its fifth-generation predecessor. 
It is sold in the USA as the Jetta Sportwagen, in Mexico and Canada as the Golf Wagon and in South America as the Jetta Variant or Vento Variant.
Twin Drive.
Volkswagen CEO Martin Winterkorn announced Golf Twin Drive plug-in hybrid concept based on Mk5 Golf, which uses 2.0 L I4 turbodiesel and electric motor with lithium-ion batteries. The car can run about 50 kilometres on battery power. The combined power is .
Volkswagen developed the Twin Drive system with eight German partners, and is planning a trial fleet of 20 Golfs outfitted with the system in 2010.
The production version was expected to be based on new Mk6 Golf, featuring a 1.5 L turbodiesel engine and electric motor, with estimated arrival date of 2015.
Golf GTI "Wörthersee 09" (2009).
It is a concept car based on Golf GTI. 2.0-liter TSI engine is rated with top speed of and 0–100 km/h acceleration of 6.9s. It includes Firespark Metallic red body with GTI stripes, high-gloss black 19-inch alloy spoke wheels, smoked LED taillight, lowered sport chassis, new sport exhaust. Interior includes aluminum tread plates, brushed aluminum trim and glossy black painted frames around the air vents, red borders floor mats, sport seats with outer black nappa and side flash red nappa with light "Berry White" leather piping.
The vehicle was unveiled at GTI Meet at Wörthersee.
Golf R.
There was much speculation about this vehicle, with uncertainly surrounding its name. Golf R20 was the most common name used prior to the Frankfurt Motor Show. Once finally unveiled by Volkswagen at the Frankfurt IAA, on 15 September 2009, it was confirmed the R32 replacement would simply be called the Golf R.
The Golf R is powered by a 2.0-litre FSI turbocharged engine that produces and of torque. VW claims the car can get from 0–100 km/h in 5.5 seconds for DSG equipped models, or 5.7 seconds for cars fitted with a manual gearbox.
The Golf R features these main upgrades over the standard FSI EA188 engine:
The Golf R employs a familiar, but revised (4th-generation) Haldex 4motion all-wheel drive system.
The Golf R has many similar styling traits to its Scirocco R sibling and is the first Golf to have LED rear tail lights factory fitted.
In Australia, Japan and South Africa the Golf R engine is detuned to suit hotter climate conditions. It is detuned from to and to .
On 9 December 2010, Volkswagen announced that the Golf R will be available in the United States beginning 2012. Both two- and four-door versions will be offered, although the DSG transmission will not be an option. Pricing, exact product naming, and options have not yet been announced. US Golf R version features a slightly detuned engine producing and . The North American version also shipped with incandescent tail lights, identical to the ones found on the GTI, instead of the LED tail lights used in the rest of the world.
On 14 December 2010, Volkswagen of Canada announced that the Golf R will be available in Canada beginning in "early" 2012. Only a four-door version with six-speed manual transmission will be offered. Four colours of the GTI will be available plus the R-exclusive "Rising Blue". All options are pre-selected including navigation, sun roof, leather interior, and "Kessy keyless entry".
The base price before shipping and handling cost in the US is $33,900.
International markets.
In the United States and Canada, the car was sold as the Volkswagen Golf when it arrived in showrooms in October 2009, dropping the "Rabbit" badge that was used for the Golf Mk5. The wagon, a restyled version of the Mk5 and the only Golf model made in Mexico, is sold in Canada as "Golf Wagon", but in the United States retains the "Jetta SportWagen" designation (while wearing Golf front sheetmetal). North American Golfs will carry over the same engines as the Mk5 (the same 2.5L five-cylinder from the Mk5, the 2.0TDI and the 2.0T) and, while the GTI and TDI continue to offer the six-speed manual transmission, the 2.5 L will re-use the five-speed manual (automatic will be a six-speed tiptronic). The new Golf is also available in Mexico but for the time being only in the wagon configuration that is marketed as Golf Sportwagen that became available in early October replacing the Bora Sportwagen with the new Golf's front end.
The Australian public got their first taste of the new Mk6 at the Melbourne International Motor Show, which began on 27 February 2009. The new Golf was launched around the country at the same time. The Mk6 GTI went on sale from 30 October 2009. On 19 January 2010 the Golf was awarded the 2009 Wheels Car of the Year title, which is acknowledged as the country's most prestigious car award. It was the first time the Golf had been awarded the title since 1976. VW Australia launched the new base model golf with 1.2-litre engine same as the new Polo in September 2010 and went on sale in 2011.
In South Africa the new Mk6 Golf went on sale in April 2009. The South African version of the GTI went on sale in July 2009.
In Japan the new Mk6 Golf went on sale in April 2009. The Japanese version of the GTI went on sale in August 2009.
In China, the Golf Mk6 is made by FAW-VW, and in March 2010 the GTI begins to be built locally. It is the first time the GTI is built in China. The Chinese-Spec Golf GTI uses a different engine than the international one, a 2.0 TSI which produces only , less than the original one. This engine is also used by the VW Magotan.
In Mexico, the only two versions available until August 2011 were the German-imported 3-door GTI in both 6-speed manual and 6-speed DSG transmissions, and the Mexican-produced Golf SportWagen with a 170 bhp 2.5 L inline 5-cylinder with a 6-speed Tiptronic transmission. In September 2012, a 5-door version in Comfortline trim, with 1.4 L TSI engine with 177 hp and 6-speed manual gearbox imported from Germany was added. Since the end of production is imminent, it will be limited to 4,000 units.
In Chile, the Golf Mk6 was presented in October 2010 at the XI Salón del Automóvil de Santiago, starting sales immediately. Chile is the first country in South America to sell the Mk6, as a restyled version of the Mk4 is still in production in Brazil for Latin America. The Mk6 is available in Chile with the 1.6 L Petrol engine (101 hp) both in five-speed manual and seven-speed DSG transmissions.
In India, the Golf Mk6 was rumored to be introduced in 2011 but in a recent interview, Volkswagen Chief Executive Officer said that the plans for introducing a Golf have been suspended, to preserve the success of VW Vento in the Indian market. The Golf, if released, would be similarly priced as the Vento and VW does not want Vento sales to slip. He also stated they may bring in a more localized Golf with the same engine choices as the Vento when numbers stabilize in the near future.
Motorsport.
In auto racing, APR Motorsport has led two MKVI VW GTI's to victory in the Grand-Am Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge Street Tuner (ST) class.
To commemorate the 35th Anniversary of the Golf GTI, Volkswagen Motorsport enters the 2011 24 Hours Nürburgring with the “Golf24”. This Golf is equipped with a
2,500 cc five-cylinder turbo engine with 324 kW (440 PS) and 540 Nm, permanent 4WD and a sequential six-speed gearbox. In the third VLN race of 2011, the Golf24 finished sixth overall, with its best lap only nine seconds slower than the fastest race lap, which was clocked by a Ferrari 458. For the 24 Hours, the team hopes for rain, and jokingly considered to wet the track by aerial firefighting. Eventually, though, neither of the three Golf24's finished the race, with one of them suffering a pit-entry accident and another blowing a gearbox. When the gearbox of the remaining Golf24 started overheating, VW decided to retire it to find out the cause of the gearbox trouble.

</doc>
<doc id="18716213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716213" title="Loingsech mac Flaithbertaig">
Loingsech mac Flaithbertaig

Loingsech mac Flaithbertaig (died 754) was a chief of the Cenél Conaill of the northern Uí Néill in modern County Donegal. He was the son of the high king Flaithbertach mac Loingsig (died 765) who abdicated in 734 and retired to the monastery at Armagh. 
Loingsech succeeded his brother Áed Muinderg (died 747) as chief of the Cenél Conaill in 747. His brother was recognized as King of the North as the representative of the high king Domnall Midi (died 763) of the Clann Cholmáin of the southern Ui Neill. However Loingsech did not succeed to this title and was only called king of the Cenél Conaill at his death notice in the annals.

</doc>
<doc id="18716224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716224" title="Alverthorpe railway station">
Alverthorpe railway station

Alverthorpe railway station served the village of Alverthorpe near Wakefield in the English county of West Yorkshire.
History.
Opened by the Great Northern Railway, it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, closing a mere six years later. 
The site today.
Nothing now remains on site and the two sides of the railway triangle that brought trains to the station have been dismantled. Trains still use the eastern part of the triangle, bypassing the site between Outwood and Wakefield Westgate stations on the Wakefield Line.

</doc>
<doc id="18716230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716230" title="R47">
R47

R47 may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="18716234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716234" title="Beijing Welcomes You">
Beijing Welcomes You

Beijing Welcomes You () is a feature song for the 100-day countdown of the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China. The song comprises one hundred famous artists and entertainers from mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan and South Korea. Its music video includes a montage of scenes from all over Beijing. It features the largest contingent of famous artists in a single Chinese-language music video. Its lyrics are composed by Hong Kong lyricist Albert Leung and its music is composed by mainland Chinese lyricist Ke Zhaolei also known as Xiao Ke.
The 5 characters in the original Chinese title of the song ("Bei Jing Huan Ying Ni") were used for the names of the "Fuwa" mascots which symbolized the 2008 Summer Olympics: Bei-Bei: fish, Jing-Jing: giant panda, Huan-Huan: the fire, Ying-Ying: gazelle, and Ni-Ni: swallow.
The song runs over six minutes in length. Since its release the song has been extremely popular with the Chinese public.
Artists featured.
"(in order of appearance)"
Locations depicted.
The song's music video features the above entertainers appearing in some of Beijing's most renowned sites and locations, as well as the stadiums of the Olympic Green; in order of appearances, some of them are listed below:

</doc>
<doc id="18716242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716242" title="Liu Qing (athlete)">
Liu Qing (athlete)

Liu Qing (born 28 April 1986 in Xuecheng, Shandong) is a female Chinese middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres. 
At the 2005 Summer Universiade she finished fourth in the 800 m and won a bronze in the 1500 m, and at the 2006 Asian Games she finished seventh and sixth. She competed in both events at the 2007 World Championships without reaching the final. She represented her country in the 1500 metres event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. At this event she led the pack at the early stages, perhaps to avoid being jostled by the bigger and bulkier competitors. Her early sprint robbed her of speed for the rest of the run and she was overtaken with some jostling and she lagged out of contention.
Her personal best 800 metres time is 1:59.74 minutes, achieved in October 2005 in Nanjing. In the 1500 metres she has 4:04.00 minutes, achieved in the same time and place.

</doc>
<doc id="18716253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716253" title="Federacion Mexicana de Radio Experimentadores">
Federacion Mexicana de Radio Experimentadores

The Federacion Mexicana de Radio Experimentadores, A.C. (FMRE) (in English, literally Mexican Federation of Radio Experimenters) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Mexico. Key membership benefits of the organization include QSL bureau services, the promotion and sponsorship of radio contests and operating awards, and an organization dedicated to emergency communications. FMRE promotes amateur radio by organizing classes and technical support to help enthusiasts earn their amateur radio license. Members receive a bimonthly magazine published by the organization, "Onda corta". The FMRE also represents the interests of Mexican amateur radio operators before Mexican and international telecommunications regulatory authorities. FMRE is the national member society representing Mexico in the International Amateur Radio Union.

</doc>
<doc id="18716261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716261" title="Polish Air Force Academy">
Polish Air Force Academy

The Polish Air Force Academy (Polish: "Wyższa Szkoła Oficerska Sił Powietrznych") is located in Deblin, eastern Poland. The Air Force Academy is an accredited university for the undergraduate education of officers for the Polish Air Force. It was established in the interwar period in 1927.
Faculties.
The cadets undergo training in one of the following specialties:
Equipment.
Many other aircraft visit Deblin Air Force Base on daily basis. 
Aircraft such as: Mig-29, F-16, PZL W-3 Sokół, C-295 and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="18716281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716281" title="George Philip">
George Philip

George Philip, (1800–1882) was a cartographer and map publisher. He had one son, also George (1823–1902), who was admitted to the business in 1848. The eventual company, George Philip & Son Ltd, continued to operate successfully until in 1987 when it was sold to Reed International where it continued to trade as George Philip Ltd. In 1998, following a management buy-out of the Illustrated books division, Philip's became part of the Octopus Publishing Group. Hachette Livre acquired the group in 2001.
George senior was born in Huntly, Aberdeenshire to a staunchly Calvinist family. In 1819 he became assistant to the Liverpool bookseller, William Grapel and in 1834 started his own business in Liverpool producing maps and educational books.
The business expanded rapidly. He used cartographers (such as John Bartholomew the elder, August Petermann, and William Hughes) to produce maps on copper plates. Philip then had these printed and hand-coloured by his women tinters. By the time he produced his county maps of 1862 he was using machine coloured maps produced on power-driven lithographic presses. 
The firm also supplied atlases and textbooks overseas starting with an atlas for Australian schools in 1865 and for New Zealand in 1869. The demand from board schools, established after 1870, enabled further expansion in the market for general textbooks, school stationery, atlases and wall maps.

</doc>
<doc id="18716302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716302" title="Confraternity of priests">
Confraternity of priests

Confraternities of priests - in distinction from the many confraternities open to lay persons - reached an importance place of influence in the Roman Catholic Church by the end of the nineteenth century. At that point, the Apostolic Union, the Priests' Eucharistic League, and the Priests' Communion League, had become established widely in many countries. There were also such confraternities operating nationally.
A confraternity is a society of persons associated for some pious object. The members are linked together by a bond of brotherhood for mutual co-operation in the pursuit of a specific object of religion or charity by means of prayer, example, and counsel. A confraternity of priests in the strict sense of the word seeks before all else the personal sanctification of its members. Sacerdotal confraternities have as their common object being to preserve priests from the dangers of spiritual and social isolation, and to afford them something of that mutual support which belongs to a religious community. The particular aims of priests' confraternities may be reduced to three: personal holiness, ecclesiastical learning, and mutual financial aid. Financial assistance embraces cases of sickness and old age, as well as loans, medical attendance, and legal advice.

</doc>
<doc id="18716325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716325" title="Acceptable loss">
Acceptable loss

An acceptable loss, also known as acceptable damage, is a military euphemism used to indicate casualties or destruction inflicted by the enemy that is considered minor or tolerable. In combat situations leaders have to often choose between options where no one solution is perfect and all choices will lead to casualties or other costs to their unit.
A small scale practical example might be when the advancement of troops is halted by a minefield. In many military operations, the speed of advancement is more important than the safety of soldiers. Thus the minefield must be "breached" even if this means some casualties.
On a larger strategic level, there is a limit to how many casualties nation's military or the public are willing to withstand when they go to war. For example, there is an ongoing debate on how the conceptions of acceptable losses affect how the United States conducts its military operations.
The concept of acceptable losses has also been adopted to business use, meaning taking necessary risks and the general costs of doing business, also covered with terms such as "waste" or "shrinkage".
The euphemism is related to the concept of "acceptable risk", which is used in many areas such as medicine and politics, to describe a situation where the a course of action is taken because the expected benefits outweigh the potential hazards.

</doc>
<doc id="18716339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716339" title="Dryopteris goldiana">
Dryopteris goldiana

Dryopteris goldiana or Goldie's wood fern is a fern native to the Northeastern United States and adjacent areas of Canada. 
It can grow larger than any other native North American "Dryopteris" species. Specimens are known with fronds six feet (1.8 meters) tall.
It is one of the parents of the hybrids "Dryopteris celsa" and "Dryopteris clintoniana".

</doc>
<doc id="18716345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716345" title="Murchad mac Flaithbertaig">
Murchad mac Flaithbertaig

Murchad mac Flaithbertaig (died 767) was a chief of the Cenél Conaill of the northern Uí Néill in modern County Donegal. He was the son of the high king Flaithbertach mac Loingsig (died 765) who abdicated in 734 and retired to the monastery at Armagh.
Murchad succeeded his brother Loingsech mac Flaithbertaig (died 754) as chief of the Cenél Conaill in 754. His brother Áed Muinderg (died 747) had been recognized as King of the North as the representative of the high king Domnall Midi (died 763) of the Clann Cholmáin of the southern Ui Neill. However Loingsech did not succeed to this title and neither did Murchad and they were only called king of the Cenél Conaill at their death notices in the annals. During Murchad's reign the rival Cenél nEógain had acquired the kingship in the person of Niall Frossach (died 778) in 763. The annals record that Murchad was killed in 767 but give no details. 
His son Máel Bresail mac Murchada (died 819) was also King of the Cenél Conaill.

</doc>
<doc id="18716365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716365" title="Sergey Syrtsov">
Sergey Syrtsov

Sergey Alexandrovich Syrtsov () (born October 25, 1966) is a former Soviet/Russian weightlifter.

</doc>
<doc id="18716369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716369" title="Hawkins House (Scott County, Kentucky)">
Hawkins House (Scott County, Kentucky)

The Hawkins House, also known as the Cantrill House, is an historic building located on East Jackson Street in Georgetown, Kentucky. The structure has been used as a ropewalk, a dormitory for women at Georgetown Female Seminary, and a residential dwelling. During the past 180 years, Georgetown College has bought and sold the property three times. The property was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 2, 1973.
History.
In 1784, Elijah Craig established the town of Lebanon, Virginia in an area of Kentucky now known as Scott County. As a tribute to the first President of the United States, George Washington, the name was changed to George Town in 1790, and later shortened to Georgetown. The town was centered around Royal Spring, a large spring that was a reliable source of water for the residents and industry in the area. Hemp was one of earliest successful industries in Georgetown. In 1789, Craig founded one of the earliest successful ropewalks in Kentucky.
Ropewalk and bagging factory.
Early property records show that the land where the Hawkins House sits belonged to the Hawkins family and was referred to as "ropewalk alley". Taking full advantage of the plentiful hemp crops in Scott County, Thomas Hawkins established a ropewalk and bagging factory on the property. Land deeds show that the property continued to be used as a hemp establishment as late as the 1850s.
Georgetown College.
Georgetown College bought and sold the building three times. First, in August 1830, after the decision was made to establish a Baptist college in Georgetown, the building was the first property bought by the new institution. After other land was secured for the new school, the property was sold to Joseph Lemon who returned the building to its prior use as a ropewalk and bagging factory. Georgetown College acquired the property for the second time in 1853 from E.N. Eliot. The school held the property until 1858 and used it first as the college president's house and then later as a men's dormitory called Judson Hall. The college bought the house for the last time in 1930 from W.E. Haynes and his wife Frances (Wood) and sold it the next year to Mary Garth Hawkins.
Residential dwelling.
After being used for commercial purposes in the early years, during later years the Hawkins House was used as a residential dwelling for many well known Scott County families. In 1858, J.J. Rucker, a professor of mathematics, purchased the property for use as a home. Dr. J. Campbell Cantrill and his wife resided in the house.
Georgetown Female Seminary.
When Georgetown Female Seminary building burned beyond use, J.J. Rucker used his home, the Hawkins House, to house the women.
Architecture.
The Hawkins House has a central section with two-bay wings attached on both sides to central area.
The oldest section of the Hawkins House is the west wing of the structure, and includes six-panel doors and a simple fireplace mantel indicating a construction date as early as 1790. This part of the building has a freestanding chimney and staircase that are independent from the rest of the structure. The east wing of the house has reeded recesses, and reeding on the chair rail and mantels indicating a later construction date.

</doc>
<doc id="18716379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716379" title="Taken by Cars">
Taken by Cars

Taken by Cars, usually referred to as TbC, is a Filipino indie rock band composed of Sarah Marco on vocals, Bryce Zialcita on lead guitar, Derek "Siopao" Chua on rhythm guitar, Isa Garcia on bass guitar, and Bryan Kong on drums and sampler. They describe their sound as a mixture of electro, shoegaze, and new wave.
History.
Formation (1998–2008).
Zialcita, Chua, Yap, and Kong, who have been friends since elementary school, formed a rock band in 1998 when they were high school sophomores. In an interview with Philippine Daily Inquirer, Zialcita said that their only goal was to play gigs in saGuijo, a café in Makati City, Philippines, which caters to indie rock enthusiasts. They performed during their high school and college days under different names like "Kung Fu Benny," "Mexican Rice Bowl," and "Morning Wood" until finally deciding on the name "Taken by Cars" because of its association with the concept of movement and that they "listened to a bulk of their music in their cars." They also tried out several music genres before settling into its "classic rock-modern indie vibe" when Marco joined the group in 2006. However, after just one month of gigging in small audiences using original materials, the band took a hiatus due to what they described as "personal reasons." They made most out of this idle time writing and recording new songs in preparation for their return. Without a major record label to promote them, the band uploaded their music on MySpace, where they garnered fans from different parts of the world.
Taken by Cars returned to scene in early 2007 and have become notable in Manila's indie rock scene that fans began to compel local radio stations for them to play the band's first single, "A Weeknight Memoir (In High Definition)." On February 2007, the band submitted a demo copy of the single to NU 107, a rock music station in Pasig City, Metro Manila, for its segment "In the Raw." Despite its less-than-perfect audio quality, "A Weeknight Memoir (In High Definition)" received heavy radio airplay and has even reached the top spot of NU 107's daily countdown. Their next single, "Uh Oh," also reached number one in the station's charts.
In early 2011, as the band prepares to release their second album, Time Magazine has named Taken by Cars as one of the five new bands to watch for that year.
"Endings of a New Kind" (2008–2011).
The band's appeal has gotten noticed by Warner Music Philippines, which signed the group to a distribution deal. Their debut album, "Endings of a New Kind", was released in early 2008 under the production of Mong Alcaraz, who is also behind the music of Sandwich and Chicosci. "Endings of a New Kind" was received warmly by critics and fans. Entertainment writer Diego Rosano P. Mapa reviewed that he "can hear Bloc Party, CSS and New Young Pony Club in their music, but they are doing something that sounds different and refreshing. The drums party like a drum machine, the riffs are shimmering, the basses distorted like an analog keyboard, and Sarah Marco's vocals are gonna rip all the men's boxer shorts to shreds." The album also includes a download card that provides access to remixed versions of its tracks. They also released a mashup version of "Uh Oh" entitled "Uh Oh It's Electro," which was collaborated with house DJ Funk Avy.
"Dualist" (2011–present).
The band released their second album, "Dualist", in April 15, 2011. The 11-track "Dualist" features a more personal and mature approach on TbC’s signature dance rock sound, which encompasses all the highs and lows the band has gone through over the past three years.

</doc>
<doc id="18716383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716383" title="R59">
R59

R59 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716397" title="Malalai Shinwari">
Malalai Shinwari

Malalai Shinwari () is a member of the Wolesi Jirga for Kabul Province, Afghanistan.
Shinwari was a journalist prior to running for office.
Shinwari ranked first in votes among female candidates in Kabul. She has been an advocate for the rights of women in Afghanistan.
On July 10, 2007 "USA Today" quoted Shinwari's opposition to the practice of selling daughters in marriage in order to pay off family debts.

</doc>
<doc id="18716400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716400" title="Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment">
Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment

The Living Interplanetary Flight Experiment (LIFE or Phobos LIFE) was an interplanetary mission developed by the Planetary Society. It consisted of sending selected microorganisms on a three-year interplanetary round-trip in a small capsule aboard the Russian Fobos-Grunt spacecraft in 2011, which was a failed sample-return mission to the Martian moon Phobos. The Fobos-Grunt mission failed to leave Earth orbit, and was destroyed.
The goal was to test whether selected organisms can survive a few years in deep space by flying them through interplanetary space. The experiment would have tested one aspect of transpermia, the hypothesis that life could survive space travel, if protected inside rocks blasted by impact off one planet to land on another.
Precursor.
Prior to the "Phobos LIFE" experiment, a precursor "LIFE" prototype was successfully flown in 2011 aboard the final flight of Space Shuttle Endeavour, STS-134. Known as the Shuttle-LIFE (also LIFE) experiment.
The experiment.
The project includes representatives of all three domains of life: bacteria, eukaryota and archaea. The capsule was transporting 10 types of organisms in 30 self-contained samples, i.e., each in triplicate. In addition, one or more natural native soil samples were flown in their own self-contained capsule. The Phobos-Soil sample return mission was the only attempted biological science mission that would have returned to Earth from deep space, far beyond the protection of Earth’s magnetic field; sending biological samples through deep space is therefore a much better test of interplanetary survivability than sending the samples on a typical Earth-orbiting flight.
The project was being done in collaboration with the Russian Space Research Institute, the Institute for Biomedical Problems of the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Moscow State University, the American Type Culture Collection (ATCC), and the Institute for Aerospace Medicine in Germany.
Specimens.
Three fundamental guidelines governed the selection of the organisms: First, the organisms selected represent the three domains of life – eukaryote, bacteria and archaea. Second, the organisms are very well studied (e.g., having their genome sequenced and studied in many other experiments) to make it possible to accurately assess the effects of the long exposure to space. If they had already been studied in space conditions so much the better, since it would enable researchers to pinpoint precisely how organisms were affected by the years-long exposure to the interplanetary environment. Finally, a strong preference was given to organisms that appear to stand the best chance of surviving the journey. These are extremophiles, organisms that thrive in conditions that would kill the vast majority of Earthly creatures.
The 10 'passenger' organisms selected are listed below:
Bacteria
Archaea
Eukaryote
Capsule design.
The mass of the Bio-Module on board the Fobos-Grunt spacecraft was 100 grams or less. The design is a short cylinder. The bio-module provided 30 small tubes (3 milimeter in diameter) for individual microbe samples. It also accommodated a native sample of bacteria—derived from a permafrost region on Earth – within a cavity 26mm in diameter.
Mission failure.
The module passed stress tests including a shake test with vibrations at frequencies to 1,100 Hz and an impact test of 4,000 g, designed to simulate the potential impact of the capsule on Earth. The LIFE experiment was launched on November 8, 2011 on board the Fobos-Grunt, however, the spacecraft failed to depart Earth orbit due to a programming error, and fell back to Earth in the Pacific Ocean. The module was not recovered. The team is seeking out future exploratory opportunities.
Criticism.
Barry E. DiGregorio, the director of the International Committee Against Mars Sample Return, criticised the LIFE experiment on the Fobos-Grunt mission as a violation of the Outer Space Treaty of 1967 due to its risk of contaminating Phobos or Mars with the microbial spores and live bacteria it contains. While the mission was supposed to land and return from Phobos, a moon of Mars, the risk to Mars itself would have been from the possibility of Fobos-Grunt losing control and crash landing on the planet. It was speculated that the heat-resistant extremophile bacteria would have been particularly able to survive such a crash, on the basis that heat resistant bacteria "Microbispora" survived the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18716405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716405" title="Shelter (2010 film)">
Shelter (2010 film)

Shelter is a Swedish-American supernatural horror thriller film directed by Måns Mårlind and Björn Stein, written by Michael Cooney, and starring Julianne Moore and Jonathan Rhys Meyers. The film was released as 6 Souls in the United States on March 1, 2013 for video on demand, followed by a limited theatrical release on April 5, 2013.
Plot.
Widowed psychiatrist Cara (Julianne Moore) is at an airport planning to go home. She calls her daughter Sam (Brooklynn Proulx) from the airport, who is being looked after by Cara's brother Stephen (Nathan Corddry). Cara receives an intriguing call from her father, Dr. Harding (Jeffrey DeMunn). He tells her about a new patient he would like Cara to meet. Cara mildly protests, but her father hangs up on her. Despite her hesitation, she decides to meet the patient.
Cara meets the patient (Jonathan Rhys Meyers), who is unable to walk and is wheeled into the room. He introduces himself as David Bernburg. She performs tests, including questionnaires, Rorschach and colorblindness tests, that seem fairly normal. After the tests, Cara talks with her father, questioning him about the need to meet with David. Doctor Harding then picks up the phone and calls the line in the room where David is seated. After several rings, David answers the phone, and Doctor Harding asks for Adam. David says he is the only one in the room. Doctor Harding asks David to get Adam. Suddenly, David convulses and after several seconds, a different voice is on the phone saying, "This is Adam." Cara re-enters the room and talks to David, who is now Adam. Cara introduces herself, and Adam speaks of her husband who was murdered. Cara runs some tests, which reveal that Adam is color blind. Before Cara leaves the room, Adam was shown able to stand straight. Doctor Harding then gives his daughter all of the files about Adam.
Cara then meets with Dr. Charlie, who has known Cara for years and affectionately refers to her as 'Little C.C.', to get more information about Adam/David. Later, Cara calls Dr. Charlie, who is ill with a cough, to remind him to send over the files on Adam/David. After assuring Cara that he will send over the files, and that the antibiotics will take care of his cough, Charlie is shown having some wounds over the back of his neck. As he continues to cough, he suddenly begins coughing up dirt and collapses.
Cara tells her father that David is an invention of Adam. Cara investigates further into David. She locates his yearbook, in which she finds the name David Bernburg under the photo of another man. Cara then finds David's address and meets David's mother, who tells Cara that David is dead. Cara speaks with David's mother and learns that he was bound to a wheelchair after an accident but was seeking to find a cure that would allow him to walk again. David left home and was later found tortured and dead. David's mother tells Cara that, losing faith after his accident, he 'turned his back on God'.
Cara then meets with her father again and discusses what she learned about David. Adam was only 6 years old, when David was found dead. Cara believes that Adam was creating an impersonation of David who was murdered 25 years ago. Cara then arranges a meeting with David's mother to try to help Adam. Dr. Harding calls on the phone during the meeting, and Adam transforms into David and talks to his mother. David/Adam relates information about his mother that only David could know, like the nail she carries in her pocket at all times to ward off evil. David's mother gets upset and after slapping him in the face, leaves.
Cara decides to bring Adam/David to the place where David Bernburg was found dead. David has a panic attack and says the devil is coming. Cara tries to move David but the wheelchair is stuck. Cara calls her driver for help, and as she turns around she finds David standing up, asking her questions, and telling her his name is Wes.
Cara confronts her Dad for not telling her about the other personality. Cara goes on to find out about Wesley Crite, a front man for a band, who allegedly committed suicide. Cara then talks to Wes and shows him a newspaper clipping of Wesley's death. Wes convulses again and falls to the floor as David. He tells Cara that "he was here" and then hums a tune. Cara goes on to meet David's mother again and confirms that the tune was David's song, that he sang whenever he was scared or upset. They agree he was probably humming this song while he was being tortured and murdered. This causes Cara to believe that possibly a young Adam witnessed the murder and this is why he is impersonating David.
Cara decides to check Adam's old house, thinking she will find something to help her further understand Adam and why he is impersonating two dead men. There she finds a dead body with a cross etched on the man's back. She calls the police and after discussing with the detective that this was not her 'first dead body', she realizes she forgot to pick up Sammy. The detective tells her she can leave and that the police will pick up Adam for questioning. Cara goes to pick up her daughter Sammy, sees her talking to Adam and calls the detective. Cara tells Adam to leave them alone, but Adam seems confused and insists she invited him. He then calls her 'Little C.C.', to which Cara responds with shock. Adam continues on saying, "It's me, Charles."
Cara goes again to find David's mother and asks her about the cross etching. David's mother tells her to seek "the Granny" and ask about the sign. Cara finds "the Granny", who is a blind, old, scary-looking woman. A strange child approaches Cara, and the Granny tells her, without looking at the picture of the cross, that it is a "Holler's Cross", but refuses to describe it further. She says that Cara is not ready to believe. As Cara is leaving, she hears a scream and returns to the house. Cara sees the Granny "curing" a man by seemingly sucking his soul from his mouth, breathing it in a container, pulling a tumor from his stomach, and then blowing it back into the man, to live again. She then tells Cara that the container is called a 'shelter', showing her that the cross symbol is drawn on the container.
Meanwhile Cara's brother, Stephen, who is watching Sammy, has discovered that the shadow on the video of David sleeping and convulsing is actually a sound wave. The voice in the recording is saying "Reverend Christian Moore, shelter now the faithless". After Cara leaves the Granny's, she listens to her voicemails, one from the detective telling her they didn't have enough to hold Adam so they released him into her father's care, and another voicemail from Stephen, telling her what he discovered on the video. She immediately calls Stephen who tells her that she can meet with a man named Monty who knows everything about it. It seems that Monty's father documented the 1918 influenza epidemic on film. During the epidemic a reverend/ faith healer comes, telling the people that the cure lies in believing in the Lord. However, the reverend was a fake, he had lost his faith in God. When his followers found this out, they murdered the reverend's two young daughters. Then the Granny took the reverend to deliver "mountain-justice", in which the Granny sucked the soul out of his mouth, blows it out into the air and then stuffs dirt into his mouth, so his soul cannot return.
As Cara and Monty watch the video, she gets a call from the detective. She is then shown calling her father to tell him that Adam is not actually Adam and that the dead man she found was actually Adam Saber, facts she just learned from the detective. Her father, confused, asked who he was then. Cara answers that she does not know, but as she turns around she sees 'Adam' on the video she was watching with Monty, and realizes that 'Adam' is actually the body of the Reverend Christian Moore. She tries to convince her father to leave, but Adam has reached Dr. Harding, and the line gets disconnected. When she tries to call back, the line is busy, so Cara calls the man at her father's front desk and frantically asks him to go check on her father. He finds Dr. Harding dead on the floor, Adam having sucked his soul out.
Cara calls Stephen and finds out that he was taking Sammy to the hospital. Cara tries to convince Stephen to bring her to the Granny, telling him that she is not sick and that no doctor can help her now. But Adam shows up at Stephen's as he is walking out to take Sammy to the hospital, so they lock the door and run upstairs to hide, telling Cara that the "freakshow" just showed up in dad's car. Adam is now Cara and Stephen's father. He begs them to let him in, saying that a bad man is coming to get Sammy. They continue to hide, Cara staying on the phone with Sammy to keep her calm. Adam/Dr. Harding ends up getting inside and by accident, knocks Stephen out while busting down the door of the bathroom that they are hiding in. Cara asks Sammy to put her on speaker phone and then tells Adam/Dr. Harding to put David on the phone. Adam/Dr. Harding falls to the floor after turning into David, who was in a wheelchair. Stephen then wakes up and agrees to meet Cara at the Granny's. David is shown leaving in a car to follow Stephen and Sammy. Once they are there, Cara discovers that Sammy is showing the mark of the Holler's Cross on her back. When the Granny is confronted with Sammy, she says that its a terrible thing to lose faith in God. Sammy tells her that her Daddy died and that is why. The Granny tells her that the sheltering has begun and it's too late for her, but Cara refuses to accept that. The little girl with the Granny suddenly screams loudly and Adam is seen outside through the window. Cara picks up Sammy and runs into the woods. Adam catches up with them, knocks Cara out and gets to Sammy. As Adam sucks Sammy's soul into his body, he becomes Sammy. Adam-Sammy is frightened and goes to Cara, who embraces him and whispers the prayer that she and Sammy say every night. Then she tightens her grip around Adam/Sammy's neck and strangles him. They struggle and Adam is killed.
Cara rushes over to Sammy's body and embraces her. Sammy begins to move her fingers and comes back to life. Cara embraces her tightly as Sammy starts to hum David's song.
Production.
Much of the film was shot in various locations across the Pittsburgh, PA region. Locations used include: Downtown Pittsburgh and its bridges, the Fort Pitt Tunnel, East Liberty Presbyterian Church, Jones Hall at Community College of Allegheny County, Ritter's Diner near Shadyside, Spin Bartini & Ultra Lounge in Shadyside, various locations in Braddock including the Braddock Carnegie Library and home of Mayor John Fetterman, a residence in the city's Schenley Farms neighborhood, the Collier maintenance yard, and a recreated 17th century Native American village at the Meadowcroft Rockshelter. Peter Martorano, the film's location manager, worked with the Pittsburgh Film Office.
Release.
The United Kingdom release was set with a cinema release on April 9, 2010.
Reception.
The film has been met with entirely negative reviews, garnering a 4% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Mike Sheridan from Entertainment.ie gave the film two stars out of five stating Shelter is "A thriller desperately trying to throw the audience off at every corner, just as writer Michael Cooney's previous screenplay effort "Identity" did to mostly stellar effect, Shelter is instead a whole lot of stupid wrapped in moody packaging." Mark Harrison from Den of Geek gave a more positive review, calling it "horror by numbers, but it's at least sparing with whatever felt tip pen denotes ‘jump scares'".

</doc>
<doc id="18716406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716406" title="Line Arlien-Søborg">
Line Arlien-Søborg

Line Arlien-Søborg (born 25 July 1966) is a Danish actress and film director. In 1981, Arlien-Søborg first received attention for her role as the conniving schoolgirl, Anne-Mette, in Nils Malmros's coming-of-age drama "Tree of Knowledge" ("Kundskabens træ"). Filming for the role was performed over a two-year period, while Arlien-Søborg was 13- to 15-years-old, to realistically show her character's physical and emotional maturation. Two years later, Arlien-Søborg performed the lead in Malmros' 1983 drama "Skønheden og udyret" ("Beauty and the Beast"). Malmos wrote the role of the sexually blossoming 16-year-old Mette specifically for Arlien-Søborg for which she was awarded both the 1984 Bodil and Robert awards for Best Actress.
In 1986 Arlien-Søborg performed in the Danish television miniseries "Kaj Munk" and she once again performed for Malmros in his 1989 film "Århus by Night". After completing an education in literature history, she worked for Denmark's DR Television studio where she wrote and directed the miniseries "Derude med snøren". Arlien-Søborg subsequently worked as an assistant director for Malmros on two films, 2002's "At kende sandheden" ("Facing the Truth") and "Kærestesorger" (in post-production in 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="18716408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716408" title="Four Cuts EP">
Four Cuts EP

Four Cuts is an EP by heavy metal band Diamond Head and was released in 1982. It was a double A-side with "Call Me" and "Trick or Treat", and was released by MCA. The EP also contained "Dead Reckoning" and a re-recorded version of "Shoot Out the Lights" as the two B-sides. This was the band's first release on a major label, and was designed to be a taster for their second album.
"Call Me" was later released as a single in its own right later that same year. The song also appeared on Diamond Head's second studio album, "Borrowed Time", their first album to be released by MCA. "Trick or Treat" and "Dead Reckoning" were favourites in the band's live set during the 80s. However, neither song made it onto the "Borrowed Time" album until it was re-released in 2007 by Polish based label Metal Mind Productions (this release was limited to 2000 copies until Geffen Records put the remastered album, along with the band's third album Canterbury, on general release). This was the first time that Trick or Treat was available on CD format. Dead Reckoning was later available on the band's 1987 compilation album Am I Evil. The original version of "Shoot Out the Lights" was previously released as an A-side in 1981 on the band's own label, Happy Face Records. The re-recorded version here was included on the 2007 re-release of "Borrowed Time".

</doc>
<doc id="18716413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716413" title="20th Anniversary">
20th Anniversary

20th Anniversary is The Rippingtons' fourteenth album which was released in 2006.
Track listing.
Packaged with the album is a DVD which contains a 25 minute retrospective, as well as four music videos:

</doc>
<doc id="18716415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716415" title="George Goodheart">
George Goodheart

George Joseph Goodheart, Jr., D.C. (August 18, 1918 – March 5, 2008) was a chiropractor who founded applied kinesiology. He died March 5, 2008 at the age of 89.
Family.
Goodheart was married to Catherine Carroll (deceased) and had three children and several grandchildren. After she had passed he married JoAnn Dutts. However they did not have any children.
Career.
Goodheart served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II, and was stationed in France and England. He was a Major at the age of 26 and was awarded the Bronze Star for inventing an electronic bombing release mechanism for P-47 ground attack missions, replacing an inaccurate mechanical mechanism .
Goodheart attended the University of Detroit and the National College of Chiropractic. After graduating in 1939, he practiced in downtown Detroit with his father, George Goodheart, Sr., for over 30 years. He moved to an office in Grosse Pointe, where he made observations about muscle function and health and introduced Applied Kinesiology.
The International College of Applied Kinesiology (ICAK) was founded in 1975 to provide instruction on Goodheart's research to interested health care professionals. Goodheart served as chairman of the Research Committee for the ICAK for 32 years.
First official US Olympic team chiropractor.
In 1979 Goodheart accompanied the US Olympic team to Lake Placid, New York, in the XIIIth Olympic Winter Games as the first official US Olympic team chiropractor. 
Author.
Goodheart authored many works on Applied Kinesiology and lectured on the topic frequently.
Bibliography.
Goodheart published the following works relating to Applied Kinesiology:
Manuals.
"Applied Kinesiology Research Manuals" (published yearly from 1964–1998)
Books.
"You'll Be Better - The Story of Applied Kinesiology" (privately published, made available in spiral bound in 2000)
"Collected Published Articles & Reprints" (1969)
"Observation of Sonagraphic Computerized Analysis" (1981)
"A New Approach To An Old Problem" (1990)
"Collected Published Articles & Reprints" (1992)
"Being A Family Doctor" (1993)
Articles.
The following articles were published in "Chiropractic Economics" magazine:
“Urinary testing methods” 7(1);July/Aug 1964:14 
“Arm and shoulder pain” 7(2);Sept/Oct 1964:22-25 
“The anemias” 7(3); Nov/Dec 1964:32-33 
“Postural hypotension and functional hypoadrenia” 7(6);May/June 1965:24-25
“Control of cholesterol” 8(1);Jul/Aug 1965: 44-45
“The acid-alkaline balance” 8(2);Sep/Oct 1965:32-33
“Fatigue and its management” Chiro Econ, 8(3);Nov/Dec 1965:28-30 
“Posture - Its effect on structure...function and symptoms” 8(4);Jan/Feb 1966:30-33
“Chinese lessons for chiropractic” 8(5);Mar/Apr 1966:10-11
“The respiratory function of the skull” 8(6);May/Jun 1966:20 
“Nutritional factors” 9(2);Sep/Oct 1966:54-56 
“The ileo-cecal valve syndrome” 9(6);May/Jun 1967:32-33
“The carpal tunnel syndrome” 10(1);Jul/Aug 1967: 28-29 
“The psoas muscle and the foot pronation problem” 10(2);Sep/Oct 1967:54-57
“Hyperventilation and cranial sacral mechanism” 10(3);Nov/Dec 1967:48-49
“The hiatus hernia” 10(4);Jan/Feb 1968:31-33
“Headache” 10(5);Mar/Apr 1968:22-24
“Asthma and emphysema” 11(1); Jul/Aug 1968:22-24
“Hypertension” 11(3);Nov/Dec 1968:20-23 
“Cross-pattern crawling and muscle spasm” 11(5);Mar/Apr 1969:18-20
“The "frozen shoulder" syndrome” 12(1);Jul/Aug 1969:36-38
“Allergies in chiropractic practice” 12(3);Nov/Dec 1969:12-14
“Principles of muscle balancing” 12(5);Mar/Apr 1970:30-32 
“The schizophrenic pattern” 13(1);Jul/Aug 1970:51-53 
“Structural imbalance and nutritional absorption (a new route to the brain)” 13(3);Nov/Dec 1970:20-23 
“Tarsal tunnel syndrome” 13(5);Mar/Apr 1971:6-7 
“Sacroiliac and ilio sacral problems” 14(4);Jan/Feb 1972: 44-46 
“Sacroiliac and ilio sacral problems, Part 2” 15(1);Jul/Aug 1972:42-45
“The cervical challenge” 15(2);Sep/Oct 1972:36-39 
“The R.N.A. meridian relationship to applied kinesiology” 15(5);Mar/Apr 1973:28-32 
“The fixation vertebral pattern” 16(1);Jul/Aug 1973:44-46 
“Innate and the interdependent triangularity of man” 16(4);Jan/Feb 1974:22-25 
“Cranial sacral nutritional reflexes” 16(6);May/Jun 1974:26-33 
“Applied Kinesiology” 17(2);Sep/Oct 1974:36-38
“The antenna concept in chiropractic meridian therapy” 17(5);Mar/Apr 1975:36-41
“Gait and associated problems" 18(1);Jul/Aug 1975:14-17 
“Applied kinesiology & Golgi tendon organ spindle cell” 18(3);Nov/Dec 1975:18-19 
“Temporal mandibular joint - The most important joint in the body” 20(2);Sep/Oct 1977:18-20 
“Cranial technique: A clarification of certain principles” 20(3);Nov-Dec 1977:26-29
“Hypothyroidism and myofascial relationships” 21(1);Jul/Aug 1978: 40-41 
“Reactive muscle testing” 21(4);Jan/Feb 1979:22-27 
“The interosseous vertebral holographic subluxation, Part 1” 29(2);Sep/Oct 1986:44-47 
“The interosseous vertebral holographic subluxation, Part 2” Chiro Econ, 29(3);Nov/Dec 1986: 44-47
“Posture: 30 years of observation and some logical chiropractic conclusions, Part 1” 30(1);Jul/Aug 1987:14-16 
“Posture: 30 years of observation and some logical chiropractic conclusions, Part 2” 30(2);Sep/Oct 1987:34-41
“Posture: 30 years of observation and some logical chiropractic conclusions, Part 3” 30(3);Nov/Dec 1987:62-67
“Pitch, roll, and yaw technic, Part 1” 30(5);Mar/Apr 1988:126-130
“Pitch, roll and yaw technic, Part 2” 30(6);May/Jun 1988:46-51
“The limbic technic” 31(2);Sep/Oct 1988:22-31
“Applied kinesiology - the beginning” 31(6);May/Jun 1989:15-23
“Do herniated discs produce pain?” 34(5);Mar-Apr 1992:14-22 
The following articles were published in "Today’s Chiropractic" magazine:
“Structural imbalance and nutritional absorption” 16(1);Mar/Apr 1987:19-24 
“Combating a vitamin B deficiency” 17(2);Mar/Apr 1988: 19-22 
“The applied kinesiology technique” 22(4);Jul/Aug 1993:56-58
The following articles were published in "The American Chiropractor" magazine:
“Managing lactic acid excess” Sep 1989:48-52
“Structural imbalance and nutritional absorption” Oct 1989:40-44
Honors.
He was the first chiropractor to serve on the U. S. Olympic Medical Team in 1980.
In 2001, Goodheart was placed onto Time's List of the Top 100 Alternative Medicine Innovators of the 21st Century.

</doc>
<doc id="18716428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716428" title="Salman Abu Sitta">
Salman Abu Sitta

Salman Abu Sitta (; born 1938) is a Palestinian researcher and writes about Palestinian refugees and the Palestinian right of return.
Biography.
Abu Sitta was born in 1938 in Beersheba, Mandatory Palestine, in what is now Israel. After making a 40 kilometer journey to his home on foot from his boarding school in Jerusalem, Abu Sitta escaped a few days later with his family to Gaza and joined the first wave of Palestinian refugees. Abu Sitta moved to the prestigious al-Saidiya secondary school in Cairo, Egypt, where he graduated with "excellence", ranking first in Egypt. After graduating from Cairo University's Faculty of Engineering in 1958, Abu Sitta went to the United Kingdom to continue his post-graduate studies, receiving his PhD in Civil Engineering from the University of London, in what is now known as UCL.
Documentation of the 1948 Palestinian exodus.
Abu Sitta has spent 40 years digging for any detail of information about or related to Palestine before, during and after the creation of Israel. Abu Sitta's self-imposed mission has encompassed not only documenting the 1948 Palestinian exodus (known in Arabic as the Nakba), but also ensuring that "the memories and identity of the occupied homeland are never lost". The documentation process began when he was 30 years-old, when he stumbled on the memoirs of the Turkish chief of Beersheba, when Palestine was under Ottoman rule. The document dated back to the early years of the last century.
"It sort of started from there, and it has never stopped," Abu Sitta says. "I kept collecting all and any material on every inch of my homeland."

</doc>
<doc id="18716433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716433" title="Q38">
Q38

Q38 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716450" title="Central Indonesian National Committee">
Central Indonesian National Committee

The Central Indonesian National Committee () or KNIP, was a body appointed to assist the president of the newly independent Indonesia. Originally purely advisory, it later gained assumed legislative functions. The Working Committee of the KNIP became part of the People's Representative Council when Indonesia became a unitary state in 1950.
Pre-independence bodies.
The Japanese invaded Indonesia in 1942. By 1943 the tide had turned against them, and in order to encourage support for the war effort, the Japanese appointed Indonesian advisors ("sanyo") to the administration and appointed nationalist leader Sukarno leader of a new Central Advisory Board ("Chuo Sani-kai") in Jakarta. In March 1945, the Japanese established the Preparatory Committee for Indonesian Independence() or BPUPKI, chaired by Radjiman Wediodiningrat, with Sukarno, Hatta and Thamrin among its members. This body drew up a constitution for an independent Indonesia over several weeks of meetings. At a session of the Committee on 1 June 1945, Sukarno laid down the principles of Pancasila, which would become the Indonesian national ideology.
On 7 August, the day after the atomic bombing of Hiroshima, the Preparatory Committee for Indonesian Independence (PPKI) was established. Sukarno was chairman, and Hatta vice-chairman.
Establishment.
On 17 August, Sukarno proclaimed the Independence of Indonesia. On 18 August, the PPKI accepted the constitution drawn up by the BPUPKI as the provisional Constitution of Indonesia and decided that during a six-month transition period, the new republic would be governed according to the constitution by a president, assisted by a National Committee, who would establish the two chamber legislature mandated by the constitution. The upper chamber, the People's Consultative Assembly would then have six months to draw up a new constitution, leaving open the possibility that this would be an entirely new document free of the influence of the situation prevailing during the Second World War. The PPKI also named Sukarno as president and Hatta vice-president The following day it appointed 12 government ministers and decreed that Indonesia was to be divided into eight provinces.
On 29 August, Sukarno dissolved the Preparatory Committee for Indonesian Independence and established the Central Indonesian National Committee (KNIP). Sukarno and Hatta appointed 135 members, including the membership of the PPKI to this new body. It included people representing areas outside Java, Islam, women and young people.
The KNIP as legislature.
Following a takeover by Sutan Sjahrir and Amir Sjarifuddin on 16 October 1945, the KNIP gained legislative powers, and the system of government moved from a presidential system to a parliamentary system. On 18 October, Vice-president Hatta issued Vice-President's Edict X transferring the powers the Constitution conferred on the People's Consultative Assembly and People's Representative Council from the president to the KNIP, making the government towards more parliamentary. The day-to-day tasks of the KNIP would be carried out by a Working Committee. On 30 October, a decree allowed the establishment of political parties. Then on 11 November, Sukarno accepted the fact that ministers would now be responsible to parliament, rather than to him. Three days later, Sutan Syahrir became Indonesia's first prime minister.
In July 1946, the KNIP was reorganized by government decree. It now had 200 members. Of these, 110 were elected, 60 represented organizations and 30 were nominated by the president. Meanwhile, hopes that national elections would be held in January 1946 as planned began to fade.
At the end of 1946, there was "manipulation" of the KNIP membership when it appeared likely the body would reject the Linggadjati Agreement between the Dutch and the Indonesian republicans. In order to secure avoid this rejection, Sukarno more than doubled the size of the KNIP to 514 members. The decision to expand the KNIP was taken in late 1946, but became effective only in March 1947. The number of left-wing members increased sharply as they wanted the Dutch military action to be ended as quickly as possible. These changes severely damaged that the KNIP's image as representing public opinion.
Because of the ongoing armed struggle against the Dutch, it was not possible for the entire KNIP to meet regularly. Therefore, the KNIP acted like the upper house, the People's Consultative Assembly in the constitution, meeting only infrequently to discuss fundamental and pressing national issues. The Working Committee continued to act as the day-to-day parliament.
Membership.
After the 1946/1947 expansion, the membership of KNIP was divided as follows; Indonesian National Party 45, Masjumi 60, Socialist Party 35, Communist Party of Indonesia 35, Labour Party of Indonesia 35, Parkindo 8, Catholic Party 4, Workers 40, Peasants 40, Sumatra 50, Borneo 8, Sulawesi 10, Maluku 5, Lesser Sunda Islands 5, Chinese 7, Arabs 3 and Europeans 3.
Dissolution.
Following the transfer of sovereignty to the United States of Indonesia (RIS), in December 1949, the state adopted a bicameral system. The KNIP met for the last time on 15 December 1949 to agree to the Republic of Indonesia joining the RIS. However, this state was short lived, and when Indonesia became a unitary state in August 1950, the Working Committee of the KNIP became part of the People's Representative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="18716455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716455" title="Gerardo Hemmer">
Gerardo Hemmer

Gerardo Suárez Lomeli (May 21, 1970 – September 4, 1995) was a Mexican actor.

</doc>
<doc id="18716463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716463" title="G-Lader">
G-Lader

The G-Lader is a scroll-type supercharger used in various Volkswagen Passenger Cars models. Its purpose is to increase the motive power output from the internal combustion engine attainable with a given engine displacement. Since it is not enough to simply inject more fuel, as this produces too rich an air-fuel mixture, more intake air has to be added at the same time. This can be achieved with an exhaust-driven turbocharger, or a crankshaft-driven positive displacement compressor. The G-Lader is in the compressor category, since it is crankshaft-driven and does not have the "lag" usually associated with turbocharged engines.
History.
This type of air pump, notable for low noise and high efficiency, was patented on 3 October 1905 by Léon Creux of France (US Patent 801,182). Due to the very imprecise production methods of the period, however, it was not manufacturable for a long time, since the displacer (described below) inside the compressor comes within tenths of a millimetre of the housing wall without making contact. Only with the more advanced engineering methods of the 1980s, did it become possible to produce the G-Lader.
Contrary to expectations, Volkswagen's designs turned out to need relatively frequent repair in normal operation, which was one of the reasons why that manufacturer eventually abandoned this technology at the time. The main cause of its relatively high failure rate was that Volkswagen misrepresented the G-Lader as maintenance-free. Depending on RPMs, load, and design details, various parts wear out, with results ranging from impaired performance, to destruction of the G-Lader. Yet it is frequently possible to extend the life of the G-Lader, sometimes to several hundred thousand kilometres, by periodically overhauling it with suitable replacement parts.
Operation.
The supercharger housing holds what is called the "displacer plate" (or just "displacer"), on both sides of which are spirals, with seals between the latter and the housing. The housing itself also has spirals on both sides that mesh with those on the displacer. Driven by the crankshaft, which is connected to the "displacer shaft" by a small belt, the displacer moves eccentrically with respect to the supercharger housing (like the rotor in a Wankel engine) and, through this motion, forces the intake air into a smaller and smaller space, ultimately producing a maximum gauge pressure of with standard delivered pulleys.
Sizes and car models.
The German name G-Lader comes from the shape of the supercharger (), which looks like the letter G. The displacer's spirals are either deep or, in the larger version, deep, i.e. close to 60 mm. This is the reason we see the engine designations G40 and G60 in the names of Volkswagen models in which it was used:

</doc>
<doc id="18716473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716473" title="The Best of Babes in Toyland and Kat Bjelland">
The Best of Babes in Toyland and Kat Bjelland

The Best of Babes In Toyland and Kat Bjelland is a CD/DVD compilation featuring songs by Babes in Toyland and Kat Bjelland's other projects.
CD Track Listing.
<br>
Tracks 2-14 performed by Babes in Toyland<br>
Track 16 performed by Pagan Babies<br>
Track 17 performed by The Italian Whorenuns<br>
Track 18 performed by Crunt<br>
Tracks 19-26 performed by Katastrophy Wife

</doc>
<doc id="18716476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716476" title="Greenhill, London">
Greenhill, London

Greenhill, London may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716483" title="Widget UK">
Widget UK

Widget UK is a consumer electronics distribution, based in Stevenage, England.
Originally a distributor for UK handheld computer manufacturer Psion, it became an early distributor for GPS manufacturer TomTom
and in 2009 became the UK's distributor for the Flip Video range of handheld video cameras. 
In 2011 the company became the first distributor in Europe for the Fitbit personal fitness device. 
It supplies exclusively to retailers.
Widget UK was listed in both 2008 and 2009 as one of Europe's fastest growing technology companies in the Deloitte Fast 500
In 2012 it acquired a majority stake in Dutch distributor Now Mobile Bv 
and in 2013 it opened a subsidiary in Denmark to facilitate sales to the Nordic region. 

</doc>
<doc id="18716487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716487" title="The Collector of Bedford Street">
The Collector of Bedford Street

The Collector of Bedford Street is a 2002 documentary film about director Alice Elliott's neighbor, Larry Selman, a community activist and fundraiser who had an intellectual disability.
Film content.
When Larry's primary caregiver becomes unable to care for him, his New York City neighborhood community rallies together to protect his independent lifestyle by establishing an adult trust fund in his behalf. 
Larry is the beneficiary of an Adult Supplemental Needs Trust, which was sponsored by the Bedford-Barrow-Commerce (BBC) Block Association through the UJA-Federation Community Trust for Disabled Adults. The BBC's sponsorship of Larry marked the first time a group outside of a beneficiary's family established an Adult Supplemental Needs Trust.
"The Collector of Bedford Street" DVD is being used by Kiwanis International for training Key Leaders in service around the world. 
Nominations and Awards.
"The Collector of Bedford Street" has screened at more than 70 film festivals around the world, including the Black Maria Film Festival, Aspen Short Film festival and Heartland Festival. The film was nominated for the 2002 Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject.

</doc>
<doc id="18716488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716488" title="Swans Way">
Swans Way

Swans Way may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716495" title="G-A-Y (album)">
G-A-Y (album)

G-A-Y was a 40 track compilation album which was released by London Records in the UK on Monday 3 July 2000. The album featured songs by 40 different artists who had appeared at London club G-A-Y, and was released on CD and cassette.
Promotion.
The G-A-Y album was heavily promoted in both the gay and mainstream media. TV commercials ran on music channels such as MTV and The Box, as well as on terrestrial television channel, Channel 4. A nationwide poster campaign took place, and advertisements were placed in the gay and teen press, appearing in such publications as Gay Times and Smash Hits. Commercials also ran on national radio in the weeks prior to release.
On Saturday 1 July 2000, a show was held at G-A-Y to promote the release of the album. 7 acts who appeared on the album performed. These acts were Shola Ama, All Saints, Bananarama, Dina Carroll, Honeyz and Louise. Each act performed only one song, apart from Louise, who also performed her new single "2 Faced".
Track listing.
The G-A-Y album contained 40 tracks. These were, in order,
01. Geri Halliwell - G.A.Y
02. Kylie Minogue - Better The Devil You Know
03. Steps - Love's Got A Hold On My Heart
04. Spice Girls - Wannabe
05. All Saints - Pure Shores
06. Boyzone - No Matter What
07. Westlife - Swear It Again
08. Five - Keep On Movin'
09. S Club 7 - S Club Party
10. Vengaboys - Boom Boom Boom Boom
11. A1 - Ready Or Not
12. Tin Tin Out featuring Emma Bunton - What I Am
13. Billie - Honey To The Bee
14. B*Witched - C'est La Vie
15. Honeyz - Won't Take It Lying Down
16. Alice Deejay - Back In My Life
17. Mousse T vs Hot 'N' Juicy - Horny
18. Tamperer featuring Maya - Feel It
19. Ant & Dec - Let's Get Ready To Rhumble
20. RuPaul - Supermodel
21. Gloria Gaynor - I Will Survive
22. Donna Summer - Bad Girls
23. Gabrielle - Rise
24. Louise - Naked
25. Gina G - Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit
26. Dana International - Diva
27. Nicki French - Don't Play That Song Again
28. Dannii Minogue - This Is It
29. Dina Carroll - Ain't No Man
30. Martine McCutcheon - Perfect Moment
31. Debbie Harry - French Kissin' In The USA
32. Bananarama - Robert De Niro's Waiting 2000
33. Belinda Carlisle - Heaven Is A Place On Earth
34. The Human League - Don't You Want Me
35. Sister Sledge - Frankie
36. Michelle Gayle - Do You Know
37. Shola Ama - You Might Need Somebody
38. Republica - Drop Dead Gorgeous
39. East 17 - Stay Another Day
40. Alison Moyet - There Are Worse Things I Could Do
Chart performance.
The G-A-Y album charted and peaked at number 18 in the UK compilations chart on its first week.

</doc>
<doc id="18716529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716529" title="Love Without End, Amen">
Love Without End, Amen

"Love Without End, Amen" is a song written by Aaron Barker, and recorded by American country music singer George Strait. It was released in April 1990 as the lead-off single from his album "Livin' It Up". The song spent five weeks at Number One on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, giving Strait his first multi-week No. 1, as his last 18 Number Ones had only spent one week at the top.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo tune whose singer recalls being sent home one day from school for fighting when he was a child, and he tells his father what had happened, expecting punishment from his father. Instead his father tells him that fathers always love their sons, and that such love is a "love without end, Amen".
In the second verse, the singer has now become a father, and he had no doubt that his son was "just like father's son", and he passes his father's secret on to his son.
In the third and final verse, the singer dreams that he has died and is standing outside the gates of Heaven. When he has doubts if he will enter or not due to bad choices he has made in his life, a Voice from the "Other Side" reiterates the words His Father once said to Him, illustrating the ultimate "Love Without End".

</doc>
<doc id="18716546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716546" title="Nikos Paragios">
Nikos Paragios

Nikos Paragios was born at Rhodes, Greece in 1972 and is an alumnus of the University of Crete.
He is professor of applied mathematics at the Ecole Centrale Paris and director of the Center for Visual Computing of Ecole Centrale de Paris. He is also affiliated with INRIA Saclay Ile-de-France, the French Research Institute in Informatics and Control. He is an IEEE Fellow, and his main research interest are medical imaging, computer vision, machine learning and human computer interaction. He was one of the laureates of the MIT Technology Review TR35 award in 2006 and was awarded the Bodossaki foundation Prize from Greece in 2008 for his contributions in the field of applied sciences. 
He is married to Alina Paragyios, a J.D., L.L.M., PhD who directs a law firm practicing employment / labor law in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="18716549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716549" title="Dominus ac Redemptor">
Dominus ac Redemptor

Dominus ac Redemptor is the papal brief promulgated on 21 July 1773 by which Pope Clement XIV suppressed the Society of Jesus. 
Circumstances.
The Jesuits had been expelled from Brazil (1754), Portugal (1759), France (1764), Spain and its colonies (1767) and Parma (1768). Though he had to face strong pressure on the part of the ambassadors of the Bourbon courts, Pope Clement XIII always refused to yield to their demands to have the Society of Jesus suppressed. The issue had reached such a crisis point, however, that the question seems to have been the main issue determining the outcome of the conclave of 1769 that was called to elect a successor to Clement XIII. Giovanni Cardinal Ganganelli, a Conventual Franciscan friar, was elected and took the name of Clement XIV.
For a few years Clement XIV tried to placate the enemies of the Jesuits by treating them harshly: he refused to meet the Superior General, Lorenzo Ricci, ordered them not to receive novices, etc., to no avail. The pressure kept building up to the point that Catholic countries were threatening to break away from the Church. Clement XIV ultimately yielded "in the name of peace of the Church and to avoid of secession in Europe" and suppressed the Society of Jesus by the brief "Dominus ac Redemptor" on 21 July 1773.
Content.
The document is forty-five paragraphs long.
In the introductory paragraph Clement XIV gives the tone: Our Lord has come on earth as "Prince of peace". This mission of peace, transmitted to the apostles is a duty of the successors of Saint Peter, a responsibility the pope fulfils by encouraging institutions fostering peace and removing, if need be, others that impede peace. Not just if guilty, even on the broader ground of harmony and tranquillity in the Church, it may be justified to suppress a religious order.
What follows is a long section in which Clement XIV reviews the reasons which, in his judgment, are calling for the 'extinction' of the Society of Jesus.
In a final, more technical section Clement XIV pronounces the actual sentence of suppression of the Society of Jesus. Some provisions are dictated for the implementation of the brief.
In effect, the brief suppresses the Society without condemning it.
Execution of the brief.
A second brief "Gravissimis ex causis" (16 August) established a commission of five cardinals entrusted with the task of informing the Jesuits and handling the many practical problems caused by the suppression. Two days later, a letter of the Cardinal president of the commission ordered all bishops of the Church to proclaim, and publish the brief in every Jesuit house, residence, or school, in the presence of the assembled community of Jesuits. This unusual approach created a good number of problems. Non-catholic countries such as Prussia and Russia forbade the bishops to promulgate the brief and ordered the Jesuits to carry on their academic activities just as if nothing had happened.

</doc>
<doc id="18716560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716560" title="Hu Angang">
Hu Angang

Hu Angang () is an economics professor at Tsinghua University.
Hu Angang was born on April 27, 1953 in Anshan, Liaoning Province, China. He is a professor in the School of Public Policy & Management at Tsinghua University as well as Director of the Center for China Study at Tsinghua-CAS (Chinese Academy of Sciences).
Hu Angang received his masters degree at Beijing University of Science and Technology in 1984. He received his PhD in Engineering at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1988.
Positions.
Hu claims that the Chinese socialist system is "superior" to other systems. In a July 2011 article for the "People's Forum", Hu wrote that: "The CPC has always adhered to the mass line, rooting itself among the people in order to make democratic decisions. This is manifested in the superiority of the socialist policy-making system with Chinese characteristics. This policy-making system is based on the mass line of the Party, that is from the masses, to the masses and putting into practice what has been learned from practice."
Hu is also a proponent of China's SOE system, claiming that they are the "backbone" of national growth in China. In an op-ed for the "People's Daily" Hu wrote: "The Western corporate culture emphasizes individualism, while the State-owned enterprise culture focuses more on harmony and collectivism. A good business model not only creates material wealth, but also creates spiritual wealth. Chinese corporate culture reflects this spiritual wealth, which in turn is a form of internal and external soft power. China, being a huge economy, needs large, internationally competitive State-owned enterprises. This is the only way that China can ensure that its enterprises enjoy a strong position amid fierce international competition." This puts him at odds with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang who publicly favors reducing State intervention in the economy and has said that the Government should reduce its role in the economy even if doing so feels "like cutting one’s wrist."
Hu is known in China for his strong support of socialism and the Chinese Communist Party. In July 2013 he wrote a controversial op-ed for the "People's Daily" stating: "Compared with the civil society in the West, the people's society is superior... it is a great made-in-China innovation in theory and practice." He went on to say that "he people's society is a socialist society under the leadership of the Communist Party." This drew strong criticism within China from social media sites and Chinese academics such as Yu Jianrong.

</doc>
<doc id="18716583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716583" title="René Laforgue">
René Laforgue

René Laforgue (5 November 18946 March 1962) was a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst. Laforgue was born in Thann (then under German control) and died in Paris. He studied medicine in Berlin. He maintained a correspondence with Sigmund Freud. He is the author of several books on psychoanalysis.

</doc>
<doc id="18716584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716584" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Amboina">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Amboina

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Amboina () is a diocese located in the city of Amboina in the Ecclesiastical province of Makassar in Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="18716593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716593" title="Ian Black (footballer born 1924)">
Ian Black (footballer born 1924)

Ian Henderson Black (27 March 1924 – 13 December 2012) was a Scottish football goalkeeper. Black played for Aberdeen, Southampton and Fulham, and also played one game for Scotland.
Having been born in 1924, Black's early football career was disrupted by the Second World War, during which he made guest appearances for both Southampton and Chelsea, winning the South Final of the Football League War Cup with the latter. He was transferred by Aberdeen, who held his permanent registration, to Southampton in December 1947. He made nearly 100 league appearances for Southampton, and made his only appearance for Scotland, a 2–0 defeat by England, while he was with the club.
Black was transferred to Fulham in 1950 in exchange for Hugh Kelly, and made over 250 league appearances for that club, before moving down to the Southern League to play for Bath City and Canterbury City. He retired from football in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="18716595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716595" title="Terlinden">
Terlinden

Terlinden is a noble family of the Kingdom of Belgium with origins in Germany (14th century) and established in the Spanish Netherlands around 1580. Their titles are Viscounts and Barons.

</doc>
<doc id="18716606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716606" title="Aaron Cook">
Aaron Cook

Aaron Cook may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18716607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716607" title="Wolf Graf von Baudissin">
Wolf Graf von Baudissin

Wolf Stefan Traugott Graf von Baudissin (8 May 1907 – 5 June 1993) was a German general, military planner and peace researcher. He was one of the developers of the concepts of "Innere Führung" (officially translated as "leadership development and civic education") and "Staatsbürger in Uniform" ("citizens in uniform"), the two lead concepts of the modern German "Bundeswehr". 
Early life.
Baudissin was born in Trier into the Baudissin family. He studied law, history and economics in Berlin.
In World War II, Baudissin served as "hauptmann im Generalstab" (captain with the General Staff) at the personal request of General Erwin Rommel. He was captured by Australian troops in North Africa in 1941, and sent to Australia, where he was held in the prisoner-of-war camp at Dhurringile, Victoria. While a POW, he was promoted to major. At Dhurringile, Baudissin developed the idea of the "Kriegsgefangenenuniversität" ("prisoner-of-war university"). He organized classes in which German prisoners with particular knowledge or expertise taught their comrades in various subjects and prepared them for a life after the war. Baudissin was released in 1947.
Career in the "Bundeswehr".
In October 1950, Baudissin worked on the secret "Himmeroder Denkschrift" ("Himmerod Memorandum"), a paper advocating German rearmament. In 1956 he helped to create the new German armed forces, the Bundeswehr, receiving the rank of colonel, and soon headed a tank brigade. In 1963, he was promoted to lieutenant general and was appointed Commandant of the NATO Defence College in Paris, serving until 1965. Baudissin then served as Deputy Chief of Staff at Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE), the headquarters of NATO.
After the "Bundeswehr".
Baudissin retired in 1967, and became an active member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He openly supported Willy Brandt's bid for chancellorship in 1972.
From 1971 to 1984, Baudissin served as founding director for the "Institut für Friedensforschung und Sicherheitspolitik" ("Institute for Peace Research and Security Policy") at the University of Hamburg. In 1979, he was made professor. From 1980 to 1986, he served as professor for social science at the University of the Bundeswehr in Hamburg.
He died in Hamburg in 1993.
Awards and honors.
Baudissin was a member of the peace movement group "Generale für den Frieden" ("Generals for Peace"). In 1967, he was awarded the Theodor Heuss Prize and the "Bundesverdienstkreuz" (Great Federal Cross of Merit), with stars and sash.
On 19 April 1994, the hall of the Bundeswehr's "Zentrum für Innere Führung" ("Center for Civic Education") in Koblenz was renamed ""Forum Wolf Graf von Baudissin"". On 7 June of the same year, the "General Schwartzkopff Barracks" in Osdorf were renamed "Lieutenant General Graf von Baudissin Barracks".
Personal life.
His wife was the sculptress Dagmar Gräfin zu Dohna-Schlodien. 

</doc>
<doc id="18716614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716614" title="President (tree)">
President (tree)

The President tree is the name of a giant sequoia located in the Giant Forest of Sequoia National Park in the United States, east of Visalia, California. The tree is believed to be at least 3,200 years old. It is not the tallest giant sequoia tree in the world with a height of about , nor the widest at about in diameter at the base, but it is the third largest tree in the world, measured by volume of trunk. As of 2012, the volume of its trunk measured at about , with an additional of branches. That same year, it was determined that the President was larger than the General Grant, if measured by total volume of wood above ground.
The tree was named after President Warren G. Harding in 1923. Nearby trees include Chief Sequoyah, the 27th largest giant sequoia in the world, and the Congress Group, two dense stands of medium sized sequoias that represent the "House" and "Senate".

</doc>
<doc id="18716617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716617" title="Quarters of nobility">
Quarters of nobility

Quarters of nobility is an expression used in the bestowal of hereditary titles and refers to the number of generations in which noble status has been held by a family regardless of whether a title was actually in use by each person in the ancestral line in question.
For example, a person having sixteen quarterings (formally in heraldry Seize Quartiers) might have exclusively noble ancestry for the four previous generations ("i.e.", to the great-great-grandparent level): Given two parents per generation, four generations of uninterrupted nobility = 24 = 16. Alternatively, such a person might have exclusively noble ancestry for the five previous generations on one side but have a commoner for his or her other parent, such that the latter side of that person's ancestry would "dilute" by half the nobility he or she derived from the former side: (25)/2 = 32/2 = 16.
Some orders of chivalry limit their membership to persons who can prove a certain number of quarterings ("e.g.", sixteen for the Order of St. John).

</doc>
<doc id="18716620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716620" title="List of Governors of Hawaii">
List of Governors of Hawaii

The Governor of the State of Hawaii is the head of the executive branch of Hawaii's government, and commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. The governor has a duty to enforce state laws; the power to either approve or veto bills passed by the Hawaii Legislature; the power to convene the legislature; and the power to grant pardons, except in cases of treason and impeachment.
Of the seven governors of the state, two have been elected to three terms, and three have been elected to two terms. The only one-term governor was the first, William F. Quinn, though he also served a term as territorial governor. No state governor has yet resigned or died in office, nor did any territorial governor die in office. George Ariyoshi was the first Asian American to be governor of any U.S. state. The current governor is Neil Abercrombie, who took office on December 6, 2010.
Governors.
The Republic of Hawaii was annexed by the United States in 1898. It was organized into Hawaii Territory in 1900, and admitted as a state in 1959. The Republic had only one president, Sanford B. Dole, who later was the first territorial governor. Between 1893 and 1894, Hawaii was under the Provisional Government of Hawaii, with no formal leader. Before 1893, Hawaii was a monarchy; see list of monarchs of Hawaii.
Governors of Hawaii Territory.
Hawaii Territory was organized on June 14, 1900, remaining a territory for 59 years. Twelve people served as territorial governor, appointed by the President of the United States.
Governors of the State of Hawaii.
Hawaii was admitted to the Union on August 21, 1959, consisting of Hawaii Territory minus Palmyra Atoll. Since then, there have been seven governors.
The governor is elected to a four-year term commencing on the first Monday in the December following the election. The lieutenant governor is elected for the same term and, since 1964, on the same ticket as the governor. The 1978 constitutional convention established a term limit of two consecutive terms for both offices. If the office of governor is vacant, the lieutenant governor becomes governor; if the governor is out of the state or unable to fulfill their duties, the lieutenant governor acts as governor during such absence or disability.
Other high offices held.
Six of Hawaii's governors, four when it was a territory and two since statehood, have served other high offices. Sanford Dole was President of Hawaii before the country was annexed and made a territory, which he then governed. One territorial governor each served as a Delegate from Hawaii Territory, a U.S. Senator from Hawaii, and a Governor of American Samoa. One state governor also served as a delegate, and another represented the state in the U.S. House.
Living former governors.
, four former governors were alive. The most recent death of a former governor was that of William F. Quinn (1957–1962), who died on August 28, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="18716622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716622" title="Federal Executive Boards">
Federal Executive Boards

The Federal Executive Boards (FEBs) were created in 1961 to foster communication, coordination and collaboration among Federal agencies outside of Washington, DC. They are under the jurisdiction of the Office of Personnel Management. Currently, approximately 88% of Federal employees are located outside the Washington, DC area. Across the nation, in 28 locations with a high concentration of Federal agencies and Federal employees, FEBs provide a forum for Federal leaders to connect to discuss management challenges and strategies. The FEBs enable collaboration on agency missions and goals, common issues,and special initiatives. FEBs are also a resource for agencies to share best practices among their peers.
History.
"The first 10 Federal Executive Boards (FEB) were established by Presidential Directive in 1961 to "increase the effectiveness and economy of Federal agencies.” Currently, 28 FEBs are located nationwide in areas with a significant Federal population. The Boards are composed of local, senior-level Federal agency officials.
Today, the Boards are more relevant than at any other time in history. In continuing times of personnel reductions, budget cutbacks and reorganization, interagency collaboration is critical to achieving results. As the local Federal ambassador, the FEB identifies opportunities for partnerships with intergovernmental and community organizations. Interagency collaboration is no longer just a wise choice; it is the platform for meeting agency mission goals.
The FEBs are models for partnership-based government. The Boards serve as a vital link to intergovernmental coordination identifying common ground and building cooperative relationships. FEBs also have a long history of establishing and maintaining valuable communication links to prepare for and respond to local and national emergencies. While promoting issues related to Administration initiatives, they provide targeted training programs, employee development, shared resources, and local community outreach and participation. The Board’s role as a conduit of information and a meeting point for a variety of agencies--each with a different mission--is critical to a more effective government. FEBs promote awareness of the Federal Government’s involvement in, and contribution to, communities across the country.
The Office of Personnel Management is responsible for the organization and functions of FEBs (5 CFR Part 960)."
Functions.
Federal Executive Boards perform several highly valuable functions:
Mission and Vision.
Mission - "To create value to the public by fostering communication, coordination and collaboration with Federal, State, and local government agencies."
Vision – "Creating partnerships for intergovernmental collaboration."
Strategic Plan.
The Federal Executive Boards will –
1. Deliver services under two lines of Business:
2. Advance local and national initiatives through intergovernmental partnerships

</doc>
<doc id="18716626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716626" title="Musculoskeletal injury">
Musculoskeletal injury

Musculoskeletal injury (MI, not to be confused with myocardial infarction) refers to damage of muscular or skeletal systems, which is usually due to a strenuous activity. In one study, roughly 25% of approximately 6300 adults received a musculoskeletal injury of some sort within 12 months—of which 83% were activity-related. MI spans into a large variety of medical specialties including orthopedic surgery (with diseases such as arthritis requiring surgery), emergency medicine (acute presentations of joint and muscular pain) and rheumatology (in rheumatological diseases that affect joints such as rheumatoid arthritis). In many cases, during the healing period after a Musculoskeletal injury, a period in which the healing area will be completely immobile, a cast-induced muscle atrophy can occur. Routine sessions of physiotherapy after the cast is removed can help return regain strength in limp mscles or tendons. Alternately, there exist different methods of electrical stimulation of the immobile muscles which can be induced by a device placed underneath a cast, helping prevent atrophies. 

</doc>
<doc id="18716634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716634" title="Sarah Stevenson">
Sarah Stevenson

Sarah Diana Stevenson, MBE (born 30 March 1983) is a British taekwondo athlete from Bentley near Doncaster, England.
A world champion in 2001, Stevenson won her country's first ever Olympic medal in taekwondo, a bronze, at the 2008 Games in Beijing, her third Olympic competition for Great Britain. Controversially eliminated before the medal rounds, she was reinstated following appeal and went on to win the bronze medal final.
Stevenson again became world champion in 2011, despite the loss of both her parents to cancer in the proceeding year. 
Stevenson was selected for her home games in London in 2012, where she took the Olympic oath at the on behalf of all the athletes. Her injury-truncated build up to the Games led to an early elimination; she had taken silver at the Olympic qualifiers despite suffering a broken hand.
In 2013, Stevenson announced her retirement from competition, and her intention to take up a coaching role in the Great Britain team.
Early life.
Stevenson was born in Doncaster and attended the Don Valley High School in Scawthorpe. She started training taekwondo at the age of 7.
Career.
Stevenson started her career by becoming Junior World Champion in 1998. In 2000, she won the 3rd place in taekwondo at the 2000 Summer Olympics's World Qualification Tournament and qualified for the 2000 Summer Olympics in Women's 67 kg. These achievements won her fame and drew the attention of martial arts superstar Jackie Chan who sponsored her while promoting his film "Shanghai Noon" in the United Kingdom. But in the 2000 Olympics she lost to Norway's Trude Gundersen in the semifinal and Japan's Yoriko Okamoto in the bronze match. The next year, she became a world champion in the 2001 World Taekwondo Championships's Women's Middleweight, defeating 2000 Summer Olympics gold medalist Chen Zhong in the final. She became the first British Taekwondo World champion.
At the 2004 Olympics in the Women's +67 kg event she was eliminated by Venezuela's Adriana Carmona in the first round. She later trained at Sportcity in Manchester and is a member of the Allstars Taekwondo Academy in Doncaster. coached by Master Gary Sykes
2008 Olympics.
Due to an error in judging, Stevenson almost exited the 2008 Olympics in the quarterfinal stage following her match with China's Chen Zhong, the gold medal favourite. In the final round of the match, the judges failed to award Stevenson two points for a high-kick to the head, which would have put her one point in the lead with 10 seconds remaining. Following the match, the British team representative immediately made an official protest and, after studying video footage of the kick the judges reversed the result of the fight and Stevenson progressed to the semifinal. Stevensons's semifinal opponent was Maria del Rosario Espinoza of Mexico, and she lost 4-1, also sustaining a twisted ankle. She then went on to compete for bronze in the repechage, defeating Noha Abd Rabo of Egypt and winning Britain's first Olympic medal in the sport of taekwondo.
On announcing the change of result in the quarter final, the tournament director said:
"The competition supervisory board has looked into this matter deeply, has made video analysis which has been open to all the referees and judges. In applying paragraph two of page 64 of the competition rules of the World Taekwondo Federation we have to change this result and we have to declare the British player as winner. We are very sorry to the spectators of China but justice is first. Thank you for understanding."
As a result of this judging error in particular, emphasis may be switching to having electronic scoring equipment contained within the actual body protectors themselves, and many tournaments are now using these in trial phase. However, since this technology is far from refined, and due to tactical differences needed in gameplay and style, Stevenson, and athletes from other National Teams, currently do not favour this system and often boycott such tournaments.
2012 Olympics.
At the opening ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics, Sarah Stevenson was chosen to take the Competitors oath. She lost to American Paige McPherson in the preliminary round.
Personal life.
Stevenson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2012 New Year Honours for services to martial arts.
In January 2014 Stevenson was made a Freeman of her home town of Doncaster.

</doc>
<doc id="18716635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716635" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Manado">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Manado

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Manado () is a diocese located in the city of Manado in the Ecclesiastical province of Makassar in Indonesia. The cathedral of Manado, the Cathedral Church of the Immaculate Heart of Mary ("Gereja Hati Tersuci Maria"), with its European architectural styles, unique bell towers, and topped with a beautiful central cupola, is located on the iconic Sam Ratulangi Street. 

</doc>
<doc id="18716636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18716636" title="WebQuest">
WebQuest

A WebQuest is an inquiry-oriented lesson format in which most or all the information that learners work with comes from the web. These can be created using various programs, including a simple word processing document that includes links to websites.
Distinguishing characteristics.
A WebQuest is distinguished from other Internet-based research by three characteristics. First, it is classroom-based. Second, it emphasizes higher-order thinking (such as analysis, creativity, or criticism) rather than just acquiring information. And third, the teacher preselects the sources, emphasizing information use rather than information gathering. Finally, though solo WebQuests are not unknown, most WebQuests are group work with the task frequently being split into roles.
Structure.
A WebQuest has 6 essential parts: introduction, task, process, resources, evaluation, and conclusion. The original paper on WebQuests had a component called guidance instead of evaluation.
Task.
The task is the formal description of what the students will produce in the WebQuest. The task should be beautiful(?), meaningful, and fun. Creating the task is the most difficult and creative part of developing a WebQuest.
Process.
The steps the students should take to accomplish the task. It is frequently profitable to reinforce the written process with some demonstrations.
Resources.
The resources the students should use. Providing these helps focus the exercise on processing information rather than just locating it. Though the instructor may search for the online resources as a separate step, it is good to incorporate them as links within the process section where they will be needed rather than just including them as a long list elsewhere. Having off-line resources like visiting lecturers and sculptures can contribute greatly to the interest of the students.
Evaluation.
The way in which the students' performance will be evaluated. The standards should be fair, clear, consistent, and specific to the tasks set.
Conclusion.
Time set aside for reflection and discussion of possible extensions.
Use in education.
Teachers use WebQuests to:
Limitations of WebQuests.
WebQuests are only one tool in a teacher's toolbox. They are not appropriate to every learning goal. In particular, they are weak in teaching factual recall, simple procedures, and definitions.
WebQuests also usually require good reading skills, so are not appropriate to the youngest classrooms or to students with language and reading difficulties without special design and effort (for example, bringing in adults to read the screens out loud.)
How WebQuests are developed.
Learners typically complete WebQuests as cooperative groups. Each learner within a group can be given a "role", or specific area to research. WebQuests may take the form of role-playing scenarios, where students take on the personas of professional researchers or historical figures.
A teacher can search for WebQuests on a particular topic or they can develop their own using a web editor like Microsoft FrontPage or Adobe Dreamweaver. This tool allows learners to complete various tasks using other cognitive tools (e.g. Inspiration Software, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Access, Excel, and Publisher). With the focus of education increasingly being turned to differentiated instruction, teachers are using WebQuests more frequently. WebQuests also help to address the different learning styles of each students. The number of activities associated with a WebQuest can reach almost any student.
WebQuests may be created by anyone; typically they are developed by educators. The first part of a WebQuest is the introduction. This describes the WebQuest and gives the purpose of the activity. The next part describes what students will do. Then is a list of what to do and how to do it. There is usually a list of links to follow to complete the activity.
Finally, WebQuests do not have to be developed as a true web site. They may be developed and implemented using lower threshold (less demanding) technologies, (e.g. they may be saved as a word document on a local computer).
Many Webquests are being developed by college students across the United States as a requirement for their k-12 planning e-portfolio.
Developments in WebQuest methodologies.
The WebQuest methodology has been transferred to language learning in the 3D virtual world Second Life to create a more immersive and interactive experience.
Tools.
WebQuests are simple webpages, and they can be built with any software that allows you to create websites. Tech-savvy users can develop HTML in Notepad or Notepad++, while others will want to use the templates available in word processing suites like Microsoft Word and OpenOffice. More advanced web development software, like Dreamweaver and FrontPage, will give you the most control over the design of your webquest. Webquest templates allow educators to get a jump start on the development of WebQuest by providing a pre-designed format which generally can be easily edited. These templates are categorized as "Framed" or "Unframed," and they can have a navigation bar at the top, bottom, left, or right of the content.
There are several websites that are specifically geared towards creating webquests. Questgarden, Zunal, and Teacherweb all allow teachers to create accounts, and these websites walk them through the process of creating a webquest. OpenWebQuest is a similar service, although it is based in Greece and much of the website is in Greek. These websites offer little control over design, but they make the creation process very simple and straightforward.
Alternatively, teachers can use one of a number of free website services to create their own website and structure it as a webquest. Wordpress and Edublogs both allow users to create free blogs, and navigation menus can be created to string a series of pages into a webquest. This option offers a greater deal of flexibility than pre-made webquests, but it requires a little more technical know-how.

</doc>
