<doc id="18587912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587912" title="Interpolation space">
Interpolation space

In the field of mathematical analysis, an interpolation space is a space which lies "in between" two other Banach spaces. The main applications are in Sobolev spaces, where spaces of functions that have a noninteger number of derivatives are interpolated from the spaces of functions with integer number of derivatives.
History.
The theory of interpolation of vector spaces began by an observation of Józef Marcinkiewicz, later generalized and now known as the Riesz-Thorin theorem. In simple terms, if a linear function is continuous on a certain space "L""p" and also on a certain space "L""q", then it is also continuous on the space "L""r", for any intermediate "r" between "p" and "q". In other words, "L""r" is a space which is intermediate between "L""p" and "L""q".
In the development of Sobolev spaces, it became clear that the trace spaces were not any of the usual function spaces (with integer number of derivatives), and Jacques-Louis Lions discovered that indeed these trace spaces were constituted of functions that have a noninteger degree of differentiability.
Many methods were designed to generate such spaces of functions, including the Fourier transform, complex interpolation, 
real interpolation, 
as well as other tools (see e.g. fractional derivative).
The setting of interpolation.
A Banach space "X" is said to be "continuously embedded" in a Hausdorff topological vector space "Z" when "X" is a linear subspace of "Z" such that the inclusion map from "X" into "Z" is continuous. A compatible couple of Banach spaces consists of two Banach spaces "X"0 and "X"1 that are continuously embedded in the same Hausdorff topological vector space "Z".
The embedding in a linear space "Z" allows to consider the two linear subspaces
Interpolation does not depend only upon the isomorphic (nor isometric) equivalence classes of "X"0 and "X"1. It depends in an essential way from the specific "relative position" that "X"0 and "X"1 occupy in a larger space "Z".
One can define norms on and by
Equipped with these norms, the intersection and the sum are Banach spaces. The following inclusions are all continuous:
Interpolation studies the family of spaces "X" that are intermediate spaces between "X"0 and "X"1 in the sense that
where the two inclusions maps are continuous.
An example of this situation is the pair ("L"1(R), "L"∞(R)), where the two Banach spaces are continuously embedded in the space "Z" of measurable functions on the real line, equipped with the topology of convergence in measure. In this situation, the spaces "L""p"(R), for are intermediate between "L"1(R) and "L"∞(R). More generally,
with continuous injections, so that, under the given condition, "L""p"(R) is intermediate between "L""p"0(R) and "L""p"1(R).
The interpolation pair ("X", "Y") is said to be of exponent θ (with ) if there exists a constant "C" such that
for all operators "L" as above. The notation ||"L"||"X", "Y" is for the norm of "L" as a map from "X" to "Y". If "C" = 1, one says that ("X", "Y") is an exact interpolation pair of exponent θ.
Complex interpolation.
If the scalars are complex numbers, properties of complex analytic functions are used to define an interpolation space. Given a compatible couple ("X"0, "X"1) of Banach spaces, the linear space formula_8 consists of all analytic functions "f" with values in "X"0+"X"1, defined on the open strip "S" = { } in the complex plane, continuous on the closed strip , such that the set of values "f"("z"), "z" ∈ "S", is bounded in and such that
This space of functions is a Banach space under the norm
Definition. For , the complex interpolation space ("X"0, "X"1)θ is the linear subspace of consisting of all values "f"(θ) when "f" varies in the preceding space of functions,
The norm on the complex interpolation space ("X"0, "X"1)θ is defined by
Equipped with this norm, the complex interpolation space ("X"0, "X"1)θ is a Banach space.
Theorem. Given two compatible couples of Banach spaces ("X"0, "X"1) and ("Y"0, "Y"1), the pair (("X"0, "X"1)θ, ("Y"0, "Y"1)θ) is an exact interpolation pair of exponent θ, "i.e.", if "T" is a linear operator from "X"0 + "X"1 to "Y"0 + "Y"1, bounded from "X""j" to "Y""j", "j" = 0, 1, then "T" is bounded from to and
The family of "L""p" spaces (consisting of complex valued functions) behaves well under complex interpolation. 
If is an arbitrary measure space, if and , then
with equality of norms. This fact is closely related to the Riesz–Thorin theorem.
Real interpolation.
There are two ways for introducing the real interpolation method. The first and most commonly used when actually identifying examples of interpolation spaces is the K-method. The second method, the J-method, gives the same interpolation spaces as the K-method when the parameter θ is in (0, 1). That the J- and K-methods agree is important for the study of duals of interpolation spaces: basically, the dual of an interpolation space constructed by the K-method appears to be a space constructed form the dual couple by the J-method; see below.
K-method.
The K-method of real interpolation
can be used for Banach spaces over the field R of real numbers.
Definition. Let ("X"0, "X"1) be a compatible couple of Banach spaces. For "t" > 0 and every , let
Changing the order of the two spaces results
in
Let
and
The K-method of real interpolation consists in taking to be the linear subspace of consisting of all "x" such that .
Example.
An important example is that of the couple ("L"1("R", Σ, μ), "L"∞("R", Σ, μ)), where the functional can be computed explicitly. The measure μ is supposed σ-finite. In this context, the best way of cutting the function as sum of two functions "f"0 in "L"1 and "f"1 in "L"∞ is, for some to be chosen as function of "t", to let "f"1("x") be given for all by
where is the decreasing rearrangement of "f".
J-method.
As with the K-method, the J-method can be used for real Banach spaces.
Definition. Let ("X"0, "X"1) be a compatible couple of Banach spaces. For "t" > 0 and for every vector , let
A vector "x" in belongs to the interpolation space if and only if it can be written as
where "v"("t") is measurable with values in and such that
The norm of "x" in is given by the formula
Relations between the interpolation methods.
The two real interpolation methods are equivalent when .
The theorem covers degenerate cases that have not been excluded: if for example "X"0 and "X"1 form a direct sum, then the intersection and the J-spaces are the null space, and a simple computation shows that the K-spaces are also null.
When , one can speak, up to an equivalent renorming, about "the" Banach space obtained by the real interpolation method with parameters θ and "q". The notation for this real interpolation space is ("X"0, "X"1)θ, "q". One has that
For a given value of θ, the real interpolation spaces increase with "q":
if and , the following continuous inclusion holds true:
Theorem. Given , and two compatible couples ("X"0, "X"1) and ("Y"0, "Y"1), the pair ( is an exact interpolation pair of exponent θ.
A complex interpolation space is usually not isomorphic to one of the spaces given by the real interpolation method. However, there is a general relationship.
Examples.
When "X"0 = "C"(and "X"1 = "C"1([0, 1), the space of continuously differentiable functions on [0, 1], the (θ, ∞) interpolation method, for , gives the Hölder space "C"0, θ of exponent θ. This is because the K-functional of this couple is equivalent to
Only values are interesting here.
Real interpolation between "L""p" spaces gives
the family of Lorentz spaces. Assuming and , one has that
with equivalent norms. This follows from an inequality of Hardy and from the value given above of the K-functional for this compatible couple. When "q" = "p", the Lorentz space "L""p","p" is equal to "L""p", up to renorming. When "q" = ∞, the Lorentz space "L""p",∞ is equal to weak-"L""p".
The reiteration theorem.
An intermediate space "X" of the compatible couple ("X"0, "X"1) is said to be of class θ 
if
with continuous injections. Beside all real interpolation spaces with parameter θ and , the complex interpolation space ("X"0, "X"1)θ is an intermediate space of class θ of the compatible couple ("X"0, "X"1).
The reiteration theorems says, in essence, that interpolating with a parameter θ behaves, in some way, like forming a convex combination "a" = : taking a further convex combination of two convex combinations gives another convex combination.
Theorem.
Let "A"0, "A"1 be intermediate spaces of the compatible couple ("X"0, "X"1), of class θ0 and θ1 respectively, with and . When and , one has
It is notable that when interpolating with the real method between "A"0 = and "A"1 = , only the values of θ0 and θ1 matter. Also, "A"0 and "A"1 can be complex interpolation spaces between "X"0 and "X"1, with parameters θ0 and θ1 respectively.
There is also a reiteration theorem for the complex method.
Theorem. 
Let ("X"0, "X"1) be a compatible couple of complex Banach spaces, and assume that is dense in "X"0 and in "X"1. Let and , where . Assume further that is dense in . Then, for every ,
The density condition is always satisfied when or .
Duality.
Let be a compatible couple, and assume that is dense in "X"0 and in "X"1. In this case, the restriction map from the (continuous) dual of "X""j", , to the dual of is one-to-one. It follows that the pair of duals is a compatible couple continuously embedded in the dual .
For the complex interpolation method, the following duality result holds:
Theorem. 
Let be a compatible couple of complex Banach spaces, and assume that is dense in "X"0 and in "X"1. If "X"0 and "X"1 are reflexive, then the dual of the complex interpolation space is obtained by interpolating the duals,
In general, the dual of the space is equal 
to , a space defined by a variant of the complex method. 
The upper-θ and lower-θ methods do not coincide in general, but they do if at least one of "X"0, "X"1 is a reflexive space.
For the real interpolation method, the duality holds provided that the parameter "q" is finite:
Theorem. 
Let , and a compatible couple of real Banach spaces. Assume that is dense in "X"0 and in "X"1. Then
Discrete definitions.
Since the function varies regularly (it is increasing, but is decreasing), the definition of the -norm of a vector "x", previously given by an integral, is equivalent to a definition given by a series. 
This series is obtained by breaking (0, ∞) into pieces (2"n", 2"n"+1) of equal mass for the measure ,
In the special case where "X"0 is continuously embedded in "X"1, one can omit the part of the series with negative indices "n". In this case, each of the functions defines an equivalent norm on "X"1.
The interpolation space is a "diagonal subspace" of an ℓ"q"-sum of a sequence of Banach spaces (each one being isomorphic to "X"0 + "X"1). Therefore, when "q" is finite, the dual of is a quotient of the ℓ"p"-sum of the duals, , which leads to the following formula for the discrete -norm of a functional "x"' in the dual of :
The usual formula for the discrete -norm is obtained by changing "n" to −"n".
The discrete definition makes several questions easier to study, among which the already mentioned identification of the dual. Other such questions are compactness or weak-compactness of linear operators. Lions and Peetre have proved that:
Theorem. 
If the linear operator "T" is compact from "X"0 to a Banach space "Y" and bounded from "X"1 to "Y", then "T" is compact from to "Y" when , .
Davis, Figiel, Johnson and Pełczyński have used interpolation in their proof of the following result:
Theorem. 
A bounded linear operator between two Banach spaces is weakly compact if and only if it factors through a reflexive space.
A general interpolation method.
The space ℓ"q" used for the discrete definition can be replaced by an arbitrary sequence space "Y" with unconditional basis, and the weights , , that are used for the -norm,
can be replaced by general weights
The interpolation space consists of the vectors "x" in such that
where {"y""n"} is the unconditional basis of "Y". This abstract method can be used, for example, for the proof of the following result:
Theorem. 
A Banach space with unconditional basis is isomorphic to a complemented subspace of a space with symmetric basis.
Interpolation of Sobolev and Besov spaces.
Several interpolation results are available for Sobolev spaces and Besov spaces on R"n",
These spaces are spaces of measurable functions on R"n" when , and of tempered distributions on R"n" when . For the rest of the section, the following setting and notation will be used:
and
Complex interpolation works well on the class of Sobolev spaces formula_41 (the Bessel potential spaces),
and it also works well with the class of Besov spaces,
Real interpolation between Sobolev spaces may give Besov spaces, except when ,
When but , real interpolation between Sobolev spaces gives a Besov space:
Also,
and

</doc>
<doc id="18587915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587915" title="Hypnagogic States">
Hypnagogic States

Hypnagogic States EP is an EP by The Cure, released on 13 September 2008. It contains remixes of the first four singles off of the band's album, "": "The Only One", "Freakshow", "Sleep When I'm Dead" and "The Perfect Boy". The EP reached the number one in Spain. The album is the second remix album/EP by The Cure, following "Mixed Up".
Background.
Existence of the EP was made public by Robert Smith via an announcement on The Cure's website on 23 July 2008. The songs were remixed by Jared Leto of Thirty Seconds to Mars, Jade Puget of AFI, Julien-K, Gerard Way of My Chemical Romance, Pete Wentz and Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy, and Cure opener 65daysofstatic. All profit generated by the release will benefit the International Red Cross. 
Release.
In the statement about the release made on the band's website, Robert Smith remarked that there may be more than one remix EP, due to the amount of people wishing to remix the four songs. The track listing was announced by Smith on the band's website on August 8, 2008. Due to the overpricing of the EP on iTunes, Robert Smith has urged people to wait until it is priced around £4.00 or less, than the £7.99 being charged by iTunes currently. The iTunes release contains an exclusive remix of "The Only One" by 65daysofstatic as track 6.
Smith wrote to the band's label, Geffen, regarding the pricing issue, stating that the pricing was "totally fucking wrong". A spokesperson for the label later explained that the EP had been accidentally priced as an album and, recategorised as an EP, dropped its cost from September 17, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18587921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587921" title="Ubuntu Live USB creator">
Ubuntu Live USB creator

Ubuntu Live USB creator (usb-creator) is an official tool to create Live USBs of Ubuntu from the Live CD or from an ISO image. The tool is included by default in all releases after Ubuntu 8.04, and can be installed on Ubuntu 8.04. A KDE frontend was released for Ubuntu 8.10, and is currently included by default in Kubuntu installations. To run the current version on Ubuntu or other distributions, enter either usb-creator-gtk or usb-creator-kde at the command line.
Future development.
The tool is available for Ubuntu (GNOME 11.04 also their own called Unity) or Kubuntu (KDE) and also for Windows starting in Ubuntu 10.10 "Maverick Meerkat" but only accessible by inserting the Live CD into a CD-ROM drive with Windows running.

</doc>
<doc id="18587928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587928" title="Terry Woodberry">
Terry Woodberry

Terry Woodberry, also spelled as Terry Woodbury, (born May 2, 1963) is a former English-American football (soccer) midfielder who spent his entire career playing indoor soccer in the United States. He was also a member of the U.S. Futsal team which took second place at the 1992 FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Player.
Youth.
Woodberry grew up in London, playing in the Chelsea FC youth system before moving to the United States to attend college at Southern Nazarene University. Woodberry first attended Southern Nazarene from 1981 to 1983 and then again from 1986 to 1987. He played two seasons of NAIA college soccer each during his two stints at the school. In 1986, he was an NAIA honorable mention All American and in 1987, he was a third team All American.
Professional.
In 1987, Woodberry signed with the Oklahoma City Warriors of the Southwest Indoor Soccer League. He was the third leading scorer as the Warriors won the league championship. 1988, the Dallas Sidekicks of Major Indoor Soccer League drafted Woodberry in the fourth round (thirty-ninth overall). He spent three seasons in Dallas before moving to the San Diego Sockers for the 1991-1992 season. The Sockers won the MISL championship, the last in the league history. The league folded following the championship series and Woodberry moved to the Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL). For the 1993 outdoor season he was "loaned" to the Tulsa Roughnecks (USISL). He was a first team All Star in the 1993-1994 NPSL season. In 1994, he was with the Arizona Sandsharks of the Continental Indoor Soccer League where he earned first team All Star recognition. In 1996, the Sandsharks temporarily withdrew from the league and Woodberry rejoined the Sidekicks, now also playing in the CISL. That year, he was also selected by the Kansas City Wiz in the fourteenth round (136th overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. The Wiz waived him on March 26, 1996. Woodberry then began the 1995-1996 NPSL season with the Wichita Wings, but played only seven games before moving to the Detroit Rockers for the remainder of the season. In 1999, Woodberry returned to the Sidekicks which now played in the World Indoor Soccer League. In 2001, Woodberry and his teammates won the WISL championship.
Futsal.
In 1992, Woodberry was a member of the U.S. Futsal team which took second place at the FIFA Futsal World Cup.
Coach.
In August 2004, he became a coach with the youth club Dallas Solar. In 2007, he was the Region III USASA Coach of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="18587964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587964" title="FV Alaska Ranger">
FV Alaska Ranger

FV "Alaska Ranger" was a fishing factory ship owned and operated by the Fishing Company of Alaska of Seattle, Washington. The ship was constructed in 1973 for use as an oil field service vessel. The ship sank 23 March 2008, after reporting progressive flooding only hours earlier. Of the 47 on board, 42 were rescued. Of the five fatalities, four were recovered dead, and one was never found. The Coast Guard was initially misinformed about the number of persons on board the vessel, and secured the search with one crew member still unaccounted for. After realizing there was still one person missing, the Coast Guard reinstated the search, but did not find the crew member.
Sinking.
According to the United States NTSB (National Transportation Safety Board), the triggering event in the sinking was the loss of one of the two rudders. This allowed water to pour into the rudder room by way of the 9-inch diameter rudder trunk. The marine architect designed the opening of the rudder trunks to be above the waterline so that water would not enter the rudder room should a rudder fall out. However, United Marine Shipbuilding changed the ship from an oil well service boat to a fishing boat in 1988. The changes raised the waterline 2.5 feet. This put the rudder trunk openings below the water line. The ceiling of the rudder room was only 20 inches above the trunk openings. Flooding of the rudder room should not have sunk the ship since there was a watertight bulkhead. The NTSB can only speculate that the door was left open, the seals or latching dogs failed, or that the holes cut in the bulkhead for refrigeration lines needed for fish processing were not watertight. If the conversion installed a watertight bulkhead between sections of the fish processing area the boat would not have sunk. Whatever the reason, the water flooded the engine room. At some point the water level became high enough to short out the main electrical distribution panel. This caused the loss of electrical power throughout the boat. 
The boat had variable-pitch propellers. This means the captain can keep the diesel engines at a constant RPM needed for the ac electrical generators, and use the variable pitch to change boat speed or reverse direction. The variable-pitch propellers used a hydraulic actuation system. As designed, there was one electrical hydraulic pump and one engine-driven mechanical hydraulic pump for each propeller. In 1989, Transmarine Propulsion Systems replaced both mechanical pumps with electric pumps, saying they could not get parts for the mechanical pumps.
With electrical power lost, all 4 hydraulic pumps stopped. With no hydraulic pressure, hydrodynamic forces on the propellers caused the pitch to reverse. This made the boat run full astern. The rearward motion of the boat drove the sinking aft section further under water. It also exacerbated water entry into the air intake vents on the trawl deck.
The Captain died in the sinking so it is unknown why he did not stop the diesel engines. The Coast Guard had tested the engine emergency shutoff system a year before the sinking and reported that it functioned properly. The boat moving full astern meant that two of the three lifeboats were separated from the ship. This meant that 25 crew members that had jumped into the water never got to one of the three lifeboats.
Crew rescue.
The unexpected and unexplained flooding of the ship meant that the crew had to abandon the vessel at night, into the frigid waters of the Bering Sea. Radio pleas for help were forwarded to a US Coast Guard vessel, which moved toward the area while dispatching helicopters. By the end of the effort, 42 of the 47-person crew had been located and brought safely to shore, most suffering severe hypothermia.
The rescue was carried out by a USCG HH-60 Jayhawk which was stationed on Saint Paul Island, AK and a HH-65 Dolphin which was attached to the USCGC "Munro", which rescued 20 people, and 22 were rescued by "Alaska Ranger"’s sister ship FV "Alaska Warrior". The ship sank 180 miles west of Dutch Harbor.
Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine awarded its 2009 "Aviation Week Heroism Award" to the U.S. Coast Guard Rescue Team involved in this rescue operation, stating: "The two helicopter crews displayed exceptional risk mitigation and airmanship in fighting time, distance and weather – including snow squalls, a −24°F wind chill, 15 ft seas and 30 kt winds – to rescue survivors. The USCG deems the operation the largest cold-water rescue in its history."
The story of the sinking and subsequent rescue was published in 2010 as "Deadliest Sea: The Untold Story Behind the Greatest Rescue in Coast Guard History" by Kalee Thompson.
A brief version of the "Alaska Ranger" story was told at the conclusion of the "Deadliest Catch" season 4 finale.
A Discovery Channel program "Mayday! Bering Sea" covers the accident and rescue.
Further reading.
Thompson, K. (2010). "Deadliest Sea: The Untold Story Behind the Greatest Rescue in Coast Guard History. New York: William Morrow. ISBN 0-06-176629-1.

</doc>
<doc id="18587971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18587971" title="Peter White (Australian politician)">
Peter White (Australian politician)

Peter Nicholson Duckett White (19 January 1936 – 13 February 2005) was an Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was educated at Duntroon Military College and the Australian National University in Canberra before serving in the military from 1954 to 1975. In 1977, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Liberal member for Southport. He held that position until 1980, when he retired in preparation for a run at federal politics in the by-election for the Australian House of Representatives seat of McPherson caused by the death of Liberal minister Eric Robinson. White was challenged by National Country Party Senator Glen Sheil, but won the seat safely. He held the seat until his retirement in 1990. White died in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="18588003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588003" title="World Under Blood">
World Under Blood

World Under Blood is a melodic death metal band from Los Angeles, California. The band was formed in late 2006 by CKY frontman Deron Miller and Divine Heresy drummer Tim Yeung.
Early Years.
World Under Blood put two songs on their Myspace page, "God Among The Waste" and "Dead And Still In Pain", in late 2006, and another song in 2007, "Under The Autumn Low," with Deron and Tim playing all instruments. Shortly after, bassist Risha Eryavac (ex-Decrepit Birth) and guitarist Luke Jaeger (Sleep Terror) were added to the band.
In April 2008, the band went into the studio to record four new tracks, one of them a cover of Megadeth's "Wake Up Dead." Their debut album was set for release by the end of the year with a tour in support of the album; the release date was later postponed to 2009, according to the band's Myspace page.
On 11 December 2008, Tim Yeung stated on Metal Messiah Radio that most of the World Under Blood album has been written and recorded and that they only need to write 3 more songs, which should be done after Tim has finished up the new Divine Heresy album in February 2009.
In late May 2009, World Under Blood signed a deal with Nuclear Blast Records. World Under Blood's debut album was released July 26, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18588019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588019" title="Brian McHattie">
Brian McHattie

Brian McHattie is a Canadian politician and planner who is a Hamilton City Councillor.
McHattie was born in Weston, Ontario and, in 1987, moved to Hamilton, Ontario. He graduated from the University of Waterloo with a degree in environmental studies and went on to complete his MSc degree in rural planning and community development from the University of Guelph, where he studied the effects of globalisation on farmers in southern India. He is a Registered Professional Planner and a member of the Ontario Professional Planners Institute and the Canadian Institute of Planning. Prior to his election, McHattie worked on his PhD in planning, investigating the issue of limits to growth in North American municipalities. 
McHattie is currently the President of the Hamilton Conservation Authority and CityHousing Hamilton. In addition, he is a Board member of the Hamilton Future Fund, Hamilton Renewable Power Inc., and the Royal Botanical Gardens. During his time as Ward 1 Councillor, McHattie has chaired several important municipal committees including the Hamilton Association of Business Improvement Areas, the Provincial Gas Tax Steering Committee, the City of Hamilton/Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) Liaison Committee, the Hamilton Triple Bottom Line Business Criteria Task Force, and the Social Services Downloading Sub-Committee. He is also an active member of the Hamilton Roundtable for Poverty Reduction, the Hamilton Immigration Partnership Council and Arts Hamilton.
Prior to his election as Ward 1 Councillor, McHattie worked for Environment Canada on efforts to clean up the Great Lakes, with Environment Hamilton as the regional coordinator for the Canadian Community Monitoring Network, with the Hamilton Conservation Authority and the Bay Area Restoration Council (BARC). McHattie was also employed as a sessional lecturer at McMaster University in the Arts and Science Program.
McHattie was first elected as the Ward 1 Councillor in 2003 with 57.94% of the vote. He was easily re-elected in 2006 with 62.88% of the vote over closest rival, Tony Greco. He was re-elected for a third straight term in 2010 with 64.90% of the vote.
McHattie falls to the centre-left among members of Hamilton City Council, voting in favour of smart growth, neighbourhood renewal, participatory budgeting and local economic development. 
McHattie announced his intent to run for Mayor on September 30, 2013and he was the first to officially enter the Mayoral race, registering his candidacy on January 2, 2014.
On January 28, 2014, McHattie launched his campaign in front of 400 supporters at a rally at LIUNA Station.
McHattie introduced five themes of focus at his launch: stronger neighbourhoods, smarter growth, more open government, a healthier environment and more jobs. 

</doc>
<doc id="18588020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588020" title="Chill filtering">
Chill filtering

Chill filtering is a method in whisky making for removing residue. In chill filtering, whisky is cooled to between -10° and 4° Celsius (often roughly 0°) and passed through a fine adsorption filter. This is done mostly for cosmetic reasons – to remove cloudiness, rather than to improve taste or consistency.
Method.
Chill filtering prevents the whisky from becoming hazy when in the bottle, when served, when chilled, or when water or ice is added, as well as precluding sedimentation from occurring in the bottles. Such clouding only happens at an alcohol by volume of 46% or less, thus stronger bottled whisky is "non-chill filtered" or "un-chillfiltered".
Chill filtering works by reducing the temperature sufficiently that some fatty acids, proteins and esters (created during the distillation process) precipitate out so that they are caught on the filter. Single malt whiskeys are usually chilled down to 0°C, while the temperature for blended whiskey tends to be lower since they have lower levels of fatty acid. 
Factors affecting the chill filtering process include the temperature, number of filters used, and speed at which the whiskey is passed through the filters. The slower the process and the more filters used, the more impurities will be collected, but at increasing cost.
Since this process is believed to sometimes affect the taste of the whisky, for example by removing peat particles that contribute to the 'smokiness' of the flavour, some distilleries pride themselves on not using this process. For example, the Aberlour Distillery's distinctively flavoured A'bunadh whisky and Laphroaig's "Quarter Cask" bottles are not chill-filtered. Skipping the chill filtering step also reduces production costs. Springbank Distillery in Campbeltown pride themselves on having never chill-filtered their whisky throughout their entire history.

</doc>
<doc id="18588038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588038" title="EAN 5">
EAN 5

The EAN-5 is a supplement to the EAN-13 barcode used on books. It is used to give a suggestion for the price of the book.
ISBN Encoding – Country and Currency Values Description
Encoding.
The Encoding of EAN-5 characters is very similar to that of the other European Article Numbers. The only difference is that the digits are separated by 01. The EAN-5 always begins with '01011.' Also, the R-Code is not used.
The structure of the barcode is based on the checksum. In order to compute the checksum, multiply each of the digits by either 3 or 9, alternating each time. Then add them and then do a mod 10. So the checksum for 52495 is 1 based on the following calculations:
Once you have the checksum digit, you can look up the structure in the following table. Note that the checksum digit is not in the final 5 digits, and is not intended to validate the 5 digit data, but rather to validate the reading of the EAN-5 overall.

</doc>
<doc id="18588045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588045" title="Improvised nuclear device">
Improvised nuclear device

Improvised nuclear devices or (INDs) are theoretical illicit nuclear weapons bought, stolen, or otherwise originating from a nuclear state, or a weapon fabricated by a terrorist group from illegally obtained fissile nuclear weapons material that produces a nuclear explosion. An IND could be bought, or it could be built from the components of a stolen weapon or from scratch using nuclear material (plutonium or highly enriched uranium). A successful detonation would result in catastrophic loss of life, destruction of infrastructure, and nuclear contamination of a very large area.
Types.
If a nuclear yield is not achieved, the result would likely resemble a Radiological Dispersal Device in which fissile weapons material was dispensed locally. If nuclear yield is achieved, results would resemble a nuclear explosion. Like nuclear explosions, IND explosions can be evaluated with a plume map.
Design considerations.
The INDs when built from scratch would most likely be of gun-type which is fairly easy to design and manufacture (however, requiring highly enriched uranium).
Improvised nuclear devices are likely to cause more nuclear fallout because of incomplete fission - due to overengineering the pit (making it heavier to ensure fission occurs at least in part of it), using the gun-type design or as a result of a fizzle (yield lower than planned due to engineering/manufacturing errors) — and are likely to be exploded at ground level rather than at an altitude, which causes ground materials to be irradiated and drawn up into the mushroom cloud.

</doc>
<doc id="18588050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588050" title="John Bradford (Australian politician)">
John Bradford (Australian politician)

John Walter Bradford (born 3 January 1946) is a former Australian politician. 
Born in Sydney, he was educated at the University of Sydney and then Sydney College of Advanced Education, becoming a teacher. He served in the military 1968-1970, returning to become a retail industry executive. After moving to Queensland in 1987, Bradford was National Director of the Shopping Centre Tenants Association of Australia. He was active in local politics in Sydney, sitting on Warringah Shire Council. 
In 1990, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for McPherson. In 1992 he was one of a group of Coalition members of parliament who founded the Lyons Forum, a conservative ginger group.
On 7 April 1998, he resigned from the Liberal Party and sat as a member of the Christian Democratic Party. In the 1998 federal election, he contested the Senate in Queensland for the Christian Democrats, but was not elected. 
Bradford was endorsed by the Christian Democratic Party in 2000 as the successor to Elaine Nile in the New South Wales Legislative Council. However, as a result of an internal party dispute due to Bradford's residency, Nile delayed her retirement until 2002 and Gordon Moyes was ultimately appointed to the Council, ahead of Bradford.

</doc>
<doc id="18588059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588059" title="Amos Fuller House">
Amos Fuller House

Amos Fuller House is a historic house at 220 Nehoiden Street in Needham, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1754 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="18588063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588063" title="Cedar Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Cedar Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Cedar Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 24.

</doc>
<doc id="18588071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588071" title="Deacon Willard Lewis House">
Deacon Willard Lewis House

Deacon Willard Lewis House is a historic house at 33 West Street in Walpole, Massachusetts.
The house was built in 1826 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="18588076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588076" title="Idaho State Highway 75">
Idaho State Highway 75

State Highway 75 is a two-lane highway that travels through the Sawtooth Valley of central Idaho. The highway's southern terminus is in Shoshone, and its northern is near Challis. It is designated as one of Idaho's scenic byways and provides access to Sawtooth National Recreation Area. It primarily follows the Big Wood River in the south and the main Salmon River in the north, divided by Galena Summit.
Route description.
State Highway 75 begins at a junction with US-93 on Greenwood Street in Shoshone at an elevation of just under above sea level. The highway heads northward, and ascends the Big Wood River valley, into Blaine County, past the Magic Reservoir to the west and crosses US-20 at Timmerman Junction at .
It continues northward as the "Sawtooth Scenic Byway" to pass through the Big Wood River communities of Bellevue, Hailey, and Ketchum. Sun Valley is accessible via a spur route junction in Ketchum at Third Street, which becomes Sun Valley Road.
Seven miles (11 km) north of Ketchum, the highway passes by the headquarters of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area at and the Boulder Mountains to the north, with peaks over . SH-75 climbs past the Galena Lodge to the Galena Summit at , then descends to the scenic viewpoint about a mile later, which overlooks the Sawtooth Mountains to the west and headwaters of the Salmon River in the Sawtooth Valley.
Highway 75 descends the grade and reaches the upper end of the valley floor at new Sawtooth City at , and then enters Custer County. It runs northward down the valley with the Salmon River to Obsidian and Stanley, with the Sawtooths to the immediate west and the White Cloud Mountains to the slightly more distant east. The turnoff to picturesque Redfish Lake is about five miles (8 km) south of Stanley.
At Stanley, the highway intersects with the northern terminus of State Highway 21, the "Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway" from Boise, through Idaho City and Lowman. Highway 75 becomes the "Salmon River Scenic Byway," and continues north for a mile, then veers east with the twisty river towards Clayton, then north towards Challis, where the route terminates and rejoins US-93 just south of the city limits.
History.
In 1824, while searching the mountain wilderness of what is present day Idaho, known to them as Columbia District, for beaver, Alexander Ross came up the Wood River and discovered Galena Summit on September 18. Leading a large brigade of Hudson's Bay Company trappers, he wondered if he could get through unknown mountains and rocky defiles that obstructed his passage back to his base of operations at present Challis. Unwilling to turn back he pressed on to explore Stanley Basin and the difficult canyon beyond. When he reached Challis on October 5, 1924, he had traveled the route now followed by Idaho State Highway 75 from Bellevue to Salmon through mostly unexplored land.
The road itself dates back to at least 1926, when it was designated U.S. Route 93. The former U.S. Route 93 Alternate, running through Arco, was redesignated as U.S. Route 93 in 1977, and at that time this route was given its current state highway designation.

</doc>
<doc id="18588081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588081" title="Weymouth Civic District">
Weymouth Civic District

Weymouth Civic District is a historic district at 75 Middle Street in Weymouth, Massachusetts.
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="18588094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588094" title="Piano Concerto (Vaughan Williams)">
Piano Concerto (Vaughan Williams)

The Piano Concerto in C is a concertante work by Ralph Vaughan Williams written in 1926 (movements 1 & 2) and 1930-31 (movement 3). During the intervening years, the composer completed "" and began work on his Fourth Symphony. The concerto shares some thematic characteristics with these works, as well as some of their drama and turbulence.
Overview.
The work was premiered on 1 February 1933 by Harriet Cohen, with the BBC Symphony Orchestra directed by Sir Adrian Boult. The Finale was edited shortly thereafter and the work was published in 1936. The concerto was not well received at first, being considered unrewarding to the soloist. Though the piece provides ample opportunity for virtuosity in all movements, Vaughan Williams treated the piano as a percussion instrument, as did Béla Bartók and Paul Hindemith during this period, with the texture at times impenetrably thick.
While the concerto was rated highly by some—Bartók, for one, was extremely impressed—Vaughan Williams took the advice of well-meaning friends and colleagues and reworked the piece into a Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra, adding more texture to the piano parts with the assistance of Joseph Cooper in 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="18588103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588103" title="Chandler Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Chandler Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Chandler Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 13.

</doc>
<doc id="18588124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588124" title="Cacoxenite">
Cacoxenite

Cacoxenite is an iron aluminium phosphate mineral with formula: Fe3+24Al(PO4)17O6(OH)12·17(H2O). It is associated with iron ores. The name comes from the Greek κăκός for "bad" or "evil" and ξένος for "guest" because the phosphorus content of cacoxenite lessens the quality of iron smelted from ore containing it.
It was first described in 1825 for an occurrence in the Hrbek Mine, Bohemia, Czech Republic. It occurs as a secondary phase in oxidized magnetite and limonite deposits. It also occurs in novaculites and in iron and phosphorus rich sediments.

</doc>
<doc id="18588125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588125" title="Lewis Wolfley">
Lewis Wolfley

Lewis Wolfley (October 8, 1839February 12, 1910) was an American civil engineer who served as the eighth Governor of Arizona Territory. He is commonly regarded as the first territorial governor to be a resident of Arizona at the time of his appointment and was the only bachelor to hold the position.
Wolfley's political career was marred by his almost complete lack of political skill. Much of his time as governor was spent in political infighting, which eventually led to his resignation.
Background.
Wolfley was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Lewis and Elanor (Irwin) Wolfley. When he was a young child, his father died, and Wolfley grew up near the border of Ohio and Kentucky. His mother's family, the Ewings of Ohio, arranged for his education which included the study of civil engineering and possibly law. As a young man he worked for railroads operating in Iowa and Ohio.
During the American Civil War, Wolfley became a member of the Union Army's 3rd Kentucky Cavalry. He served with distinction, earning the nickname "Sherman's Fighting Major", and at the end of the war was encouraged by General William T. Sherman to remain with the Regular Army at his war-time rank. Wolfley left the Army with the rank of lieutenant colonel and became a federal revenue officer in New Orleans. In 1872 Wolfley was mining in Colorado, and he also worked in the District of Columbia before moving to Arizona Territory in the early 1880s. In Arizona he worked as a civil engineer performing surveying work on public lands. He gained a reputation as a respected person but due to the large amount of time spent working in the field was not well known.
Governorship.
When Republican President Benjamin Harrison took office, he desired to replace Democratic Governor C. Meyer Zulick with a member of his own political party. Newspaper reports indicated fifteen to sixteen serious candidates were considered for the post, among them being former Governor Anson P.K. Safford and Territorial Delegate Curtis C. Bean. Wolfley applied for the position directly to Harrison two days after the presidential inauguration. The application letter included information on Wolfley's war record, his six years of living in the territory, and a reminder that the Republican platform called for territorial officials to be drawn from the territory. Wolfley supporters included Generals William T. Sherman, Nelson A. Miles, and John Schofield along with U.S. Senator John Sherman, Russell A. Alger, James G. Blaine, and Secretary of the Interior John W. Noble. Opposition to his nomination came from U.S. Senator J. Donald Cameron of Pennsylvania. The senator's nephew, Brewster Cameron of the San Rafael Cattle Company, had a previous billing dispute with Wolfley over a surveying job the nominee had done for the Arizona cattleman. Despite the opposition, Wolfley received unanimous confirmation from the U.S. Senate on March 28 and was sworn in as Governor of Arizona Territory on April 8, 1889.
The first issue that Wolfley faced as Governor was dealing with appointment of territorial officers. Democratic Governor Zulick, as part of his normal duties, had submitted a full slate of nominations to the 15th Arizona Territorial Legislature. The Republican controlled legislature rejected Zulick's nominations and postponed adjournment after learning of Wolfley's nomination in order to allow the new governor to appoint his own candidates. Many of the Democratic nominees refused to surrender their offices, arguing that the territorial legislature had exceeded their authorized session limit of 60 days prior to confirmation of the Republican nominees and that the Governor could only make recess appointments following the death or resignation of a current office holder. As a result, Arizona Territory effectively had two sets of territorial officers with the Democratic office holders, due to their earlier appointment, controlling the buildings and records needed to perform various duties.
The territorial government's ability to function was severely impacted by the two sets of territorial officials. As an early step in resolving the issue, a lawsuit was filed to declare the Republican nominee for Territorial Treasurer the legitimate office holder. The court ruled in favor of the Republican nominee, but the details of the ruling left other Republican nominees reluctant to also file suit. While the courts eventually ruled in favor of Wolfley's appointments, it was his administration's withholding of salary payments that eventually forced all the Democratic nominees to surrender their offices.
Wolfley's problems with infighting also extended to members of his own party. William Christy, an unsuccessful candidate for the governorship, worked with a group of supporters to remove the Governor from office. Wolfley was also perturbed by his political opponents receiving federal appointments. An example was George Christ, who assisted Brewster Cameron in opposing Wolfley's nomination, being appointed collector of customs in Nogales, Arizona. Another was the appointment of Richard E. Sloan as judge in Arizona Territory's First Judicial District. Wolfley initially supported this appointment but change position after Sloan made Brewster Cameron his clerk.
The primary accomplishment of the Wolfley administration was refinancing the territorial debt. The lower interest rate obtained by the refinancing reduced annual interest payments by US$59,006.40 per year. In an effort to reduce transportation related price disparities between different parts of Arizona, he lobbied for creation of new railroads to connect the northern and southern halves of the territory. The governor also faced several event driven concerns. The possible return of Chiricahua Apache to Arizona became an issue following their move from Florida to Alabama by the Federal government. After several possible locations were considered, the Apache were finally settled at Fort Sill in the Indian Territory (now Oklahoma). Continued migration of Mormon settlers into the territory, with their tendency to vote as a unified block, worried Wolfley to the point that he called them "a most dangerous and unscrupulous factor in politics". Finally James Reavis, with his fraudulent claim of a land grant in excess of , caused a disruption that took till 1904 to completely settle.
By the end of 1889, most of the territory's newspapers were calling for Wolfley's removal. To counteract the hostilities of these papers and his political enemies, Wolfley helped found "The Arizona Republican" as a forum to express his views. His efforts were not enough to save his job. After being asked for his resignation, Wolfley submitted his letter of resignation on August 20, 1890.
After office.
After his resignation, Wolfley moved to Prescott and worked as a civil engineer and surveyor. One project Wolfley worked on was surveying of along the Atlantic & Pacific Railroad's right of way. Another projects was an earthworks dam on the Gila River. After nearly $750,000 had been spent building the dam, a flood washed out the work. During the subsequent legal proceeding, Wolfley demanded all justices on the supreme court be removed following an adverse ruling.
Wolfey made another request to become Governor in 1897, but was not nominated by President William McKinley. By 1908, he had moved to Los Angeles, California, where he attempted to use ocean waves to generate electricity. Wolfley died on February 12, 1910, after being struck by a streetcar. He was buried in Prescott's I.O.O.F. Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18588133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588133" title="Clermont Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Clermont Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Clermont Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 35.
Clermont Township contains one city, Haynes.

</doc>
<doc id="18588143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588143" title="Casa dos Bicos">
Casa dos Bicos

The Casa dos Bicos (Portuguese for "House of the Spikes") is a historical house in the city of Lisbon, in Portugal. The house, built in the early 16th century in the Alfama neighbourhood, has a curious façade of Renaissance and Manueline influence. It survived the disastrous 1755 Lisbon Earthquake that destroyed much of the city.
History.
The Casa dos Bicos was built around 1523 by Brás de Albuquerque (1501-1581), son of the first governor of Portuguese India, Afonso de Albuquerque. Brás de Albuquerque had spent some years in Italy, where he could get first hand contact with Italian Renaissance architecture. He presumably saw urban palaces like the Palazzo dei Diamanti, in Ferrara, that have façades covered with diamond-shaped spikes. Upon his return to Portugal, Brás de Albuquerque built the Casa dos Bicos with a façade featuring "diamonds" like in the Italian palace, but incorporating Manueline (Portuguese late Gothic) windows and portals. 
The 1755 Lisbon earthquake destroyed a great part of the building. The main façade was destroyed, and the two upper storeys of the façade facing the Bacalhoeiros street (the current main façade) came down. The house was kept in possession of the Albuquerque family until the 19th century, when it was acquired by a codfish trader. It was used for years as a storage house for codfish ("Bacalhau"). Around 1960 the house was acquired by the Lisbon Municipality.
In the 1980s the house was restored and partially rebuilt. The two upper storeys of the current main façade were rebuilt based on pre-1755 drawings and paintings, which showed a Renaissance loggia on the third floor and the Manueline-style windows. Archaeological excavations were carried out inside the house, revealing remnants of Roman and Moorish periods. 

</doc>
<doc id="18588146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588146" title="Hugh Sinclair (politician)">
Hugh Sinclair (politician)

Hugh Sinclair (6 June 1864 – 3 August 1926) was an Australian politician. Born in Cambewarra, New South Wales, he received a primary education, and moved to Queensland in 1890, where he was a dairy farmer. He managed a company called Queensland Framers Co-operative. In 1906, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Anti-Socialist member for Moreton, defeating sitting member James Wilkinson, elected as an independent but standing for the Labour Party. After the "fusion" of 1909, Sinclair, together with the rest of the Anti-Socialists, merged with the Protectionist Party to form the Commonwealth Liberal Party. In 1917, the Liberal Party absorbed various Labor defectors (including Prime Minister Billy Hughes) and became the Nationalist Party. Sinclair held Moreton until his retirement in 1919, after which he was appointed Chairman of the Queensland Butter Board. He died in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18588148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588148" title="Autobiography of a Geisha">
Autobiography of a Geisha

, is a book by . It was first published in Japan in 1957, and the English translation by G. G. Rowley was published in 2003. Masuda wrote her autobiography between the years of 1956 and 1957 in response to a magazine ad for a non-fiction women's writing competition. She had never learned to read more than hiragana, and wrote her entire book in it. Her editors carefully worked to convert her work into the standard kanji while preserving the feeling of her original writing.
Content of the autobiography.
Early life.
As a child Masuda lived as a nurse-maid in a large farming household near Shiojiri, where she got little to eat, no education, poor sleeping quarters, and was frequently punished. She initially spent most of her time looking after the owners' young children, but after being caught taking extra melons from the field to feed herself she was forced to do manual labor. During these years other children gave her the derisive nickname "Crane", as in the winter she was never allowed to wear socks and would lift one leg up and warm her foot on the thigh of the other leg. This nickname was used even when she started as a novice geisha, and Masuda did not learn her own real name until she was hospitalized at the age of 12 and the doctors called her Ms. Masuda.
Life as a geisha.
When Masuda was twelve, her mother needed money to pay for her husband’s medical treatment. Her uncle retrieved her from the landowners and sold her to an "okiya" (geisha house) called Takenoya in Suwa. There, due to her illiteracy and the geisha gave her another nickname, "Low", which was short for low intelligence, and she was frequently made fun of for her dark, sunburned skin, as a pale complexion was highly valued among geisha. However, Elder Sister Karuta, the second oldest geisha in the okiya, worked with Masuda to help her through her training, starting a lifelong friendship between the two. Soon after Masuda's arrival, one of the other geisha in the okiya, Takemi, died of peritonitis caused by gonorrhea, and her refusal to seek medical treatment in the hopes of hastening her death greatly influenced Masuda's perception of living as hell and dying as paradise. Takemi's death also caused Karuta to drink very heavily, leading to confrontations with the head of the okiya. During one such confrontation, Masuda intervened on Karuta's behalf; for this, she was thrown down the stairs and her right leg was broken. It was this injury which landed her in the hospital, where she learned her real name.
While Masuda was still recovering the hospital, she and Karuta decided to commit suicide together by throwing themselves in front of a train; however, after Karuta had carried Masuda out on her back to the tracks, they backed out right before it hit them. Karuta stumbled as she fell off the tracks, landing on Masuda's broken leg, and the next day an infection set in. It took several days to heal, nearly requiring amputation and ultimately leaving her with a large scar that she was self-conscious of for the rest of her life. Masuda's real mother came to visit her, but only stayed for four days, leaving Masuda alone in the hospital again. She eventually recovered and returned to the okiya, where she debuted as an apprentice. As she got closer to becoming a full-fledged geisha, her work became increasingly sexual in nature, and she began to get connected with a "danna", or patron.
Upon debuting, Masuda underwent mizuage with a man nicknamed Cockeye. After her first time, she was sold four more times under the pretense of having never undergone it, as this made a huge profit for the okiya since many men wanted to be the partner for a geisha's mizuage. A year later, Cockeye bought out her contract as a geisha and she went to live with him and his mistress. Masuda despised Cockeye, so she convinced him to let her get a job at a factory. There, she caught the eye of a man named Motoyama and they quickly fell in love; however, she was unable to keep their relationship from Cockeye and had to stop seeing Motoyama. Upon receiving a letter stating that he was leaving, that same night she again attempted suicide by trying to drown herself; however, she was pulled out by someone who happened to be fishing nearby.
Seeking a living.
After Masuda was released from the hospital, she ran from Cockeye, eventually having to return to Shiojiri to look for family. She managed to locate her aunt and one of her younger brothers. She convinced her aunt to get her a job at the sawmill she worked at, but quickly decided to find a job that could pay better, so she decided to go to Chiba to find Karuta. When she realized she needed to get money for the train fare, the only person she could get it from was Hii, who made her dance naked in return. When she arrived in Chiba, the house she and Karuta were staying in was destroyed in a firebomb raid, She worked several jobs until she was able to get a job at a restaurant. While she was there, she received two marriage proposals, and the second, from the son of the restaurant's owner, caused Masuda to leave the restaurant, because although she was only 21 at the time she already had a long history as a geisha and felt that she could not risk ruining his reputation by marrying him.
She and her brother joined a group of people foraging for food in the countryside to resell in the city, and there she met a Korean man who gave her another job selling soap. She did this for two and a half years, when in the summer of 1952 her brother contracted intestinal tuberculosis and was hospitalized. His penicillin shots were 600 yen each, and Masuda soon realized that the only way to make enough money for them was to start prostituting. Although she kept her prostitution hidden from her brother, he felt he was placing an undue burden on her and committed suicide. She decided to bury him next to their father, so she decided to return to Shiojiri.
When Masuda returned, she caught a cold and was bedridden with a high fever. Her old lover, Motoyama, had returned to nearby Suwa and was a city councilor; when he heard that she had returned, he sought her out and found her a place to live. Despite the fact that Motoyama had married and had a child, they began regularly seeing each other. Around this time Masuda decided to learn how to read hiragana, and kept a diary of their encounters. However, when elections for city council came near, at the urging of Motoyama's wife Masuda decided to leave him to improve his chances of being reelected.
She moved to Toyoshina, where Karuta had opened a restaurant, but her longing for Motoyama caused her to start uncontrollably drinking. She became bloated and jaundiced, but continued to drink even after her doctor warned her she would soon die of liver failure if she continued. Despite the urgings of her doctor and Karuta, Masuda decided that she would attempt suicide a third time, and after visiting her brother's grave, she tried to freeze herself to death, and had almost succeeded when an elderly man found her and rescued her. He convinced her to make one more attempt at having a good living, and she returned to Toyoshina.
Ending.
Upon returning to Toyoshina, Masuda got a job as a waitress, and discovered her love for children. She frequently told stories to groups of children in town. Paradoxically, she also played numerous tricks on people around town, trying to humble geisha or anyone she saw holding their status over others. Eventually, she heard that farmers in the area were desperate for people to work the rice fields, and over their protestations she decided to go to work there. When the rice was planted, she was asked by a family to look after their children, where her autobiography ends
In the English version of the book, G. G. Rowley wrote an afterword detailing her attempts to meet Masuda in person. Masuda almost exclusively communicated through her publishers, and at the time of the English translation's publication in 2003 they had declined Rowley's request, saying that Masuda wished to keep as low a profile as possible. However, in 2004 Masuda made a personal request for Rowley to visit her in Nagano, making Rowley one of the only people who she agreed to meet with, and afterwards they remained in touch for the rest of Masuda's life.
Later life.
After being a caretaker for several years, Masuda was able to open her own restaurant, and ran it for several decades. She and Karuta, who herself opened and ran a restaurant until three years before her death, remained friends. However, Karuta, who had fought to save Masuda from alcoholism, herself became an alcoholic, and her death in the mid-1990s was a huge blow to Masuda. On June 8, 2008, Masuda found out she had liver cancer, and she died a few weeks later on June 26, 2008.
Messages.
Throughout her autobiography, Masuda continually projects the idea that parents should be responsible for their children and should not bear children they are not prepared to support. When she found an abandoned six month old baby, she felt the desire to quickly kill it so it would not have to suffer either a slow death or the ignominy of growing up without parents. Though Masuda never got married and never had children, caring for the children of others was always her favorite way to spend her time.
She also vehemently argued against the prohibition of prostitution in Japan. She stated that although no one became a prostitute to enjoy it, it was merely human instinct to find a way to make a living when no other venues were open. Although she agreed it was probably well intentioned, she also stated that she could not have possibly survived if she hadn't prostituted herself. Furthermore, she argued that simply banning prostitution would not stop people from engaging in it, as people who felt the need to engage in it would inevitably find ways to work around it.
Reception.
Although Masuda finished second in the writing competition, after writing Autobiography of a Geisha she was harshly criticized by her community, and eventually had to move to another town. Largely because of this, she almost always communicated with people through her publisher, emphasizing that her goal was only to tell her story and never to become famous, and refused to meet with most people interested in discussing her book. Upon its translation into English, the book received positive reviews from Liza Dalby and Arthur Golden as well as several book reviewers.
Despite several academic reviews, the book has been strangely ignored in many publications about geisha. In her autobiography "Geisha, a Life" (also known as "Geisha of Gion"), published in 2002, Mineko Iwasaki claims to be the first geisha to come forward to tell her story. Many scholars echo this claim despite the fact that Masuda’s work was published 45 years before Iwasaki’s.

</doc>
<doc id="18588161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588161" title="Darling Springs Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Darling Springs Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Darling Springs Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 22.

</doc>
<doc id="18588182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588182" title="Boyan Ensemble">
Boyan Ensemble

The Boyan Ensemble is a touring choir formed from many of the most accomplished voices from the L. Revutsky Cappella of Ukraine. They aim to popularise Ukrainian folk songs and liturgical and classical choral music. Songs of Cossack, Chumak and Sich Riflemen origins are included in their repertoire. They tour Britain almost every year in the autumn.

</doc>
<doc id="18588199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588199" title="Cadmoindite">
Cadmoindite

Cadmoindite (CdIn2S4) is a rare cadmium indium sulfide mineral discovered in Siberia around the vent of a high-temperature (450–600 °C) fumarole at the Kudriavy volcano, Iturup Island in the Kuril Islands. It has also been reported from the Kateřina Coal Mine in Bohemia, Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="18588211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588211" title="Astro Boy (2004 video game)">
Astro Boy (2004 video game)

Reception.
The game received mixed to negative reviews. "Game Informers Matt Helgeson gave it a 5.5/10, opining that "The amount of time you have to spend tweaking your viewpoint with the shoulder buttons is ridiculous, an unwanted flashback to early 3D platformers like Gex and Spyro the Dragon." In a second opinion, Matt Miller rated it 6.75/10, praising "incredible special effects and a smorgasbord of boss battles", but stating that it is "unlikely to entrance for more than a weekend".

</doc>
<doc id="18588218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588218" title="Duck Creek Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Duck Creek Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Duck Creek Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 24.

</doc>
<doc id="18588222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588222" title="Bryan White discography">
Bryan White discography

Bryan White is an American country music artist. In his career, he has released four studio albums and a greatest hits package, all on Asylum Records, as well as two Christmas-themed EPs, one of which was also issued on Asylum. His first two studio albums — his 1994 self-titled debut and 1996's "Between Now and Forever" — were both certified platinum by the RIAA for shipping one million copies in the US, while 1997's "The Right Place" was certified gold by the RIAA.
His releases for Asylum have accounted for fifteen singles on the "Billboard" country singles charts. Of these, four reached Number One: "Someone Else's Star" (1995), "Rebecca Lynn" (1996), "So Much for Pretending" (1996), and "Sittin' on Go" (1997). "So Much for Pretending" is the longest-lasting of these four, with a two-week stay at Number One. Two additional Top Ten hits, 1996's "I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore" and 1997's "Love Is the Right Place", peaked at #4 on the same chart.
White has also charted a Christmas single, 1999's "Holiday Inn", as well as two guest singles. The first of these was a multi-artist charity single entitled "One Heart at a Time", and the second was a duet vocal on Shania Twain's "From This Moment On." Although this song crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, White did not receive chart credit for it outside the country charts in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="18588226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588226" title="Katsuyori Shibata">
Katsuyori Shibata

Early life.
Shibata attended Kuwana Kogyo High School in Kuwana, Mie, where he was classmates with Hirooki Goto. The son of former Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance and New Japan Pro Wrestling mid-carder Katsuhisa Shibata, Katsuyori was an amateur wrestler during his school days and was competing at national level in 1997.
Professional wrestling career.
New Japan Pro Wrestling (1999–2004).
Shibata made his professional wrestling debut on October 10, 1999 facing close friend Wataru Inoue at a New Japan Pro Wrestling event. In 2000, Shibata took part in the 2000 Young Lion Cup, eventually finishing 3rd place with 6 points. During the tournament he was involved in a serious incident when he hit Masakazu Fukuda with an elbow drop during a match. Fukuda was in a coma and died 4 days later in hospital. Shibata and Wataru worked their way up the junior ranks together, though Shibata was a slight step ahead of Inoue throughout their joint rise, and subsequently challenged for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship first against Kendo Kashin on October 28, 2001 but lost. Shibata and Inoue also challenged for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship on two occasions both against The World Class Tag Team but lost both times. By 2003, Shibata graduated to the heavyweight division and joined the Makai Club wrestling as himself and as Makai #4. From there, he continued to rise in the ranks. In July 2003, Shibata challenged for both the IWGP Tag Team Championship and the IWGP U-30 Openweight Championship but failed to win either title. Shibata then entered the 2003 G1 Climax, where he placed 3rd in his block with 5 points. Shibata continued to grow in 2004. On July 19, 2004, he received his first shot at the IWGP Heavyweight Championship against Kazuyuki Fujita but lost by knockout. On month later, he entered the 2004 G1 Climax and won his block scoring eight points and defeated several former IWGP Champions including Masahiro Chono, Shinsuke Nakamura, and Genichiro Tenryu but would lose in the semi-finals to eventual winner: Hiroyoshi Tenzan. Following the G-1, Shibata joined Masahiro Chono's new stable: Black New Japan, where he remained until eventually leaving New Japan in January 2005.
Freelance (2005–2006).
In 2005, Shibata left New Japan, becoming a free lancer and has most notably fought for Big Mouth LOUD and Pro Wrestling Noah. One of his more famous matches was a heated confrontation with former amateur wrestler Jun Akiyama. In Loud, Shibata took on several big names including Satoshi Kojima, Kensuke Sasaki, & Taru. In Noah, Shibata teamed with Kenta on several occasions including challenging for the GHC Tag Team Championship and defeating Go Shiozaki and Mitsuharu Misawa where Shibata pinned the future heavyweight champion: Shiozaki. On January 4, 2006, Shibata returned to New Japan at Toukon Shidou Chapter 1 where he defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi. Shibata most recent match was on December 31, 2006, where he defeated Kazuhiro Hamanaka. By January 2007, Shibata left wrestling to focus on mixed martial arts.
Return to New Japan (2012–present).
On August 12, 2012, Shibata, alongside Kazushi Sakuraba, returned to New Japan Pro Wrestling. Shibata and Sakuraba wrestled their return match on September 23, defeating Hiromu Takahashi and Wataru Inoue in a tag team match. Shibata and Sakuraba, collectively dubbed Laughter7, continued their winning ways at the following two pay-per-views, King of Pro-Wrestling on October 8 and Power Struggle on November 11, both times defeating the team of Togi Makabe and Wataru Inoue. On January 4, 2013, at Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome, Shibata suffered his first defeat since his return to professional wrestling, when he was defeated by Togi Makabe in a singles grudge match. On January 27, Shibata returned to Pro Wrestling Noah, once again affiliating himself with Kenta. Shibata and Sakuraba returned to their winning ways at the following New Japan pay-per-view, The New Beginning on February 10, where they defeated Hirooki Goto and Wataru Inoue in a tag team match. On April 7 at Invasion Attack, Shibata and Sakuraba suffered their first tag team loss, when they were defeated by Hirooki Goto and Yuji Nagata via referee stoppage, when Sakuraba was injured and unable to continue the match. Shibata and Goto faced off in a singles match on May 3 at Wrestling Dontaku 2013, which ended in a draw. A rematch between the two took place on June 22 at Dominion 6.22, where Shibata was victorious. A third match between the two on July 20 ended in another draw. From August 1 to 11, Shibata took part in the 2013 G1 Climax, where he finished with a record of five wins and four losses, with a loss against Hiroshi Tanahashi on the final day costing him a spot in the finals. On September 8, Shibata and Sakuraba took part in the Wrestle-1 promotion's inaugural event, defeating Masakatsu Funaki and Masayuki Kono in a tag team match. On December 7, Shibata made his in-ring return to Noah, defeating Maybach Taniguchi in a singles match. On January 4, 2014, at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, Shibata was defeated by Hirooki Goto, who was returning from an injury, which had kept him sidelined for the past five months. The match ended the rivalry between Shibata and Goto and led to the two forming a tag team.
Mixed martial arts career.
Shibata debuted in mixed martial arts on May 15, 2004 at JF Jungle Fights 2 where he defeated Webster Dauphiney by an arm triangle choke in Round 1. Shibata returned to MMA in 2007 where he joined Fighting and Entertainment Group's K-1 Hero's, In his K-1 Hero's debut on March 12, 2007 at Hero's 8, he defeated Yoshihisa Yamamoto by TKO in 9 seconds. After two victories, Shibata went on a five fight losing streak. He lost to Ralek Gracie at K-1 Hero's: Middleweight Tournament Opening Round by submitting to an armbar. Shibata then lost to Kazushi Sakuraba at K-1 Hero's Tournament Final once again submitting to an armbar. Shibata fought his last K-1 Hero's fight at K-1 Olympia Hero'S 2007 in Korea on October 28, 2007 against Heo Min Seok. Shibata lost the fight by TKO in the 2nd round.
In 2008, Shibata began fighting for FEG's new organization: Dream. His first fight at Dream was a loss to Jason "Mayhem" Miller at Dream 3 by TKO. His next fight was against Yoshihiro Akiyama losing to him by Submission. Shibata then fought at Deep where he drew with Yasuhito Namekawa at Deep: 38 Impact. He then lost to Hayato Sakurai by TKO at Dynamite!! 2008.
After going winless for 2 years, Shibata would score his biggest victory to date at Dream 8 when he defeated Ikuhisa Minowa by Unanimous Decision. Later that year at Dream 12, he defeated fellow New Japan Pro Wrestling alumni: Tokimitsu Ishizawa by TKO. At Dynamite!! 2009, Shibata lost to Hiroshi Izumi by unanimous decision.
Shibata returned to Deep for two appearances in 2010. On June 6, 2010 he lost to Young Choi by unanimous decision. On October 24, he then faced Deep Light Heavyweight Champion Yoshiyuki Nakanishi at Deep: 50th Impact which he lost by TKO.
His most recent fight was a defeat to Satoshi Ishii at K-1 World Max 2010 on November 8, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="18588228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588228" title="William Lightfoot">
William Lightfoot

William P. Lightfoot (born January 3, 1950) is a lawyer and politician in Washington, D.C. In 1988, running as an independent, he was elected an at-large member of the Council of the District of Columbia, and he served until 1997.
Lightfoot is a partner at the personal injury law firm Koonz, McKenney, Johnson, DePaolis & Lightfoot in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="18588230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588230" title="Pélardon">
Pélardon

Pélardon, formerly called "paraldon", "pélardou" and also "péraudou", is a French cheese from the Cévennes range of the Languedoc-Roussillon region. It is a traditional cheese made from goat's milk. It is round soft-ripened cheese covered in a white mold ("à pâte molle à croûte fleurie") weighing approximately 60 grams, with a diameter of 60-70 mm and a height of 22-27 mm. Pélardon has benefited from "Appellation d'origine contrôlée" (AOC) status since August 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="18588244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588244" title="Wimmeria mexicana">
Wimmeria mexicana

Wimmeria mexicana is a large shrub or small tree, often reaching in height, that is common to southeast North America, Oaxaca, Chihuahua, and central to eastern Sonora. It is commonly called Papelío and Algodoncillo.
Description.
The branches and trunk, in diameter, are erect to ascending, making it more tall than wide. Large, flaky, papery, gray plates cover its smooth, white bark. Young twigs, petioles, and flower axils sometimes have short, tiny hairs, but are mostly glabrous. The crown is spread out and sparse. The leaves, exstipulate and 2–6 cm in length, alternate and vary in shape between lanceolate, elliptic, and obovate. Flowers tend to be 7.5–8 mm wide, white to cream colored, bisexual, with 5 petals on 5 sepals, and arranged in axillary cyme. The fruits, 1–1.4 cm across, are papery, one-seeded, three-lobed samaras, similar to species of "Dodonaea".
"W. mexicana" mass flowers around July to October, or often after heavy Autumn rain, attracting a large number of insects, particularly bees and flies. The leaves have serrated edges due to insects.
Uses.
Wood from the tree is commonly used to make fence posts, house beams, and firelogs. Also, the Guarijío prepare a tisane, "malo en el cuerpo" (pain in the body), from "W. mexicana", chamomile, and cilantro.
Taxonomy.
"Wimmeria confusa", a synonym of "W. mexicana", was so named because it had been previously confused with "Wimmeria concolor" and was so figured in William Hooker's "Icones Plantarum". "W. confusa" was named by William Hemsley in 1878, based on a plant collected by Karl Hartweg. The same year, Ludwig Radlkofer described "W. pallida", based on the same Hartweg specimen as well as specimens collected by Thaddäus Haenke (perhaps in Acapulco) and Frederik Liebmann. This was confusingly also called "W. confusa" in "Biologia Centrali-Americana".

</doc>
<doc id="18588253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588253" title="Partial residual plot">
Partial residual plot

In applied statistics, a partial residual plot is a graphical technique that attempts to show the relationship between a given independent variable and the response variable given that other independent variables are also in the model.
Background.
When performing a linear regression with a single independent variable, a scatter plot of the response variable against the independent variable provides a good indication of the nature of the relationship. If there is more than one independent variable, things become more complicated. Although it can still be useful to generate scatter plots of the response variable against each of the independent variables, this does not take into account the effect of the other independent variables in the model.
Definition.
Partial residual plots are formed as:
where
Partial residual plots are widely discussed in the regression diagnostics literature (e.g., see the References section below). Although they can often be useful, they can also fail to indicate the proper relationship. In particular, if "X"i is highly correlated with any of the other independent variables, the variance indicated by the partial residual plot can be much less than the actual variance. These issues are discussed in more detail in the references given below.
CCPR plot.
The CCPR (component and component-plus-residual) plot is a refinement of the partial residual plot, adding
This is the "component" part of the plot and is intended to show where the "fitted line" would lie.

</doc>
<doc id="18588254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588254" title="Gilstrap Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Gilstrap Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Gilstrap Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 20.
Gilstrap Township has one unincorporated community, Petrel.

</doc>
<doc id="18588275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588275" title="Maruia">
Maruia

Maruia is a locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand. The Shenandoah Highway (State Highway 65) passes through it. Murchison is 65 km north, the Lewis Pass is 39 km to the south-east, and Reefton is 63 km west by road. The Maruia River flows past to the west.
The population of Maruia and its surrounds was 174 in the 2006 Census, an increase of 12 from 2001. 
The principal activity is dairy farming. The community celebrated 100 years of settlement in the Maruia Valley in 2005. The Maruia Valley inspired the environmental lobby group, the Maruia Society (later changing its name to the Ecologic Foundation) and the Maruia Mail Order Catalogue, organised by the New Zealand Nature Company.
Education.
Maruia School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 9 and a roll of 14. The school was founded in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="18588277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588277" title="Arnold Wienholt">
Arnold Wienholt

Arnold Wienholt (25 November 1877 – 10 September 1940) was an Australian politician. Born in Goomburra, Queensland, he was educated in England at Wixenford School and Eton College before returning to Australia as a grazier on the Darling Downs. He served in the military 1899-1902 and 1914–1916, and was a published author. In 1909, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Fassifern, where he remained until 1913. In 1919, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Nationalist member for Moreton; he was also endorsed by the Primary Producers Union, effectively the Queensland state Country Party. Although sympathetic to the Country Party, formed in 1920, he remained a Nationalist, although the Country Party often received his support. He retired in 1922. In 1930 he returned to the Queensland Legislative Assembly as the member for Fassifern, where he remained until 1935. In 1939, he was called to serve once more in the military. Wienholt was killed in action in Abyssinia on 10 September 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="18588280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588280" title="Helen Gardiner">
Helen Gardiner

Helen E. Gardiner (née McMinn) (July 18, 1938 – July 22, 2008) was a Canadian philanthropist.
Biography.
She was born in 1938 in Kirkland Lake, Ontario to a working family. She later moved to Toronto with her family and attended York University and Christie's Fine Arts School in London. She later married businessman George R. Gardiner, with whom she co-founded the Gardiner Museum of Ceramic Arts in Toronto.
She was awarded the Order of Canada in 2007. Helen Gardiner died of cancer in Caledon.

</doc>
<doc id="18588287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588287" title="USS Cliffrose (AN-42)">
USS Cliffrose (AN-42)

USS "Cliffrose" (AN-42/YN-61) was an which served with the U.S. Navy in the western Pacific Ocean theatre of operations during World War II. Her career was without major incident, and she returned home safely after the war with two battle stars to her credit.
Launched in Washington.
"Cliffrose" (YN-61) was launched 27 November 1943 by Everett-Pacific Shipbuilding and Drydock Co., Everett, Washington; sponsored by Miss S. Morgan; reclassified "AN-42", 20 January 1944; and commissioned 30 April 1944, Lieutenant Commander G. Montague, USNR, in command.
World War II service.
Cliffrose sailed from San Pedro, California, 21 June 1944 for Pearl Harbor, arriving 4 July for local duty. She departed 8 August for the Florida Islands and the invasion of Peleliu on 15 September. She carried out surveys for the installation of moorings, and then laid an anti-torpedo net across the western entrance of Kossol Passage, remaining in the Palau Islands until 8 December, when she sailed for Ulithi. Arriving 10 December, she was briefly overhauled and had duty repairing nets.
"Cliffrose" put out from Ulithi 25 March 1945 for the Okinawa invasion, arriving on 1 April, the day of the first landings, for duty installing and repairing nets until 5 August. After upkeep at Saipan, she returned to Okinawa 20 September, loaded supplies, and cleared 25 October for Bungo Suido, Japan, arriving 29 October. Here she laid navigational aids until the end of the year, sailing then for Pearl Harbor and San Pedro, California, where she arrived 1 January 1946.
"Cliffrose" cleared San Pedro, after local operations, 3 July 1946 for Pearl Harbor, where she operated from 16 July to 16 August; Guam and Subic Bay, arriving 14 September. She served in Philippine waters until 25 December, when she cleared Subic Bay for Shanghai, arriving 31 December.
Post-war decommissioning.
"Cliffrose" was decommissioned 7 January 1947 and turned over to the Republic of China through the U.S. State Department.
Honors and awards.
"Cliffrose" received two battle stars for World War II service.

</doc>
<doc id="18588293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588293" title="Lesly Fellinga">
Lesly Fellinga

Lesly Fellinga (born September 29, 1985 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian soccer player, who plays for Dutch soccer club Harkemase Boys, starting in the 2010-2011 season.
Career.
Club.
Fellinga was adopted when he was a baby and grew up in Zuidlaren in the Netherlands. He played youth soccer for local teams ZVZ and ZFC Zuidlaren. In 1996 he was scouted by FC Groningen and started to play in the youth teams.
In 2006 he joined Eerste Divisie club Veendam, and was a regular feature for the club in the 2007-2008 season. Eredivisie club Heerenveen picked him up in a summer 2008 transfer. He made his first team debut for Heerenveen on September 18, 2008 in a European match against Vitória in Portugal . He also played the return leg on October 2, 2008 in Heerenveen.
On August 12, 2009, Fellinga signed with Toronto FC following a successful trial. Fellinga made his debut for Toronto as a sub in a home game against Colorado Rapids on September 12, 2009, and played four MLS games before being released in December of the same year, after Preki became head coach.
He joined Groningen amateurclub Gronitas halfway season 2009-2010 and since start season 2010-2011 he plays for Frisian amateurclub Harkemase Boys in the Topklasse League, the highest amateur league of the Netherlands. He plays at left defense position.
International.
Fellinga was selected for the Dutch U15, U17 and U19 national teams while playing with Groningen, and played for the Dutch national U15 team against Spain during the international Walker tournament in England in 2001, but was never called up by the senior Dutch national team.
Sensing that opportunities with the Dutch national team would be limited, Fellinga accepted a call up to the Haiti national football team for a friendly against Panama in March 2007. He made his debut for the Haiti U21 selection in a game against the United States in Dallas, Texas, a few days later. After that he played four games with the Haitian Olympic team to qualify for the Olympic of Beijing 2008.
His made his senior debut came in a World Cup qualifier against the Netherlands Antilles in June 2008. He played five games in the qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and was a member of the Haitian team for the CONCACAF Gold Cup in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="18588297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588297" title="Hettinger Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Hettinger Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Hettinger Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 195.
Hettinger, the county seat and the largest city in Adams County, is in Hettinger Township.

</doc>
<doc id="18588308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588308" title="Thymus hyperplasia">
Thymus hyperplasia

Thymus hyperplasia (or thymic hyperplasia) refers to an enlargement ("hyperplasia") of the thymus.
It is not always a disease state. The size of the thymus usually peaks during adolescence, and atrophies in the following decades. Before the immune function of the thymus was well understood, the enlargement was sometimes seen as a cause for alarm, and justification for surgical reduction. This approach is much less common today.
It can be associated with myasthenia gravis.
MRI can be used to distinguish it from thymoma.

</doc>
<doc id="18588333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588333" title="Ultimate Shooting Collection">
Ultimate Shooting Collection

Ultimate Shooting Collection, originally released in Japan as Milestone Shooting Collection: Karous Wii, is a compilation of "Karous", "Radirgy", and "Chaos Field". This is the first non-Japanese release of "Karous" and "Radirgy".
It was followed by a "Milestone Shooting Collection 2", which retained the lineup of the original while adding "Radirgy Noa" and "Illvelo".
Receptions.
Daemon Hatfield of IGN rated the game 6.9 (Passable) for providing decent bullet hell experiences, but lacking in presentation and online features.

</doc>
<doc id="18588338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588338" title="Lightning Creek Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Lightning Creek Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Lightning Creek Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18588347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588347" title="Maine Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Maine Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Maine Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 22.

</doc>
<doc id="18588352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588352" title="Garrie Gibson">
Garrie Gibson

Garrie David Gibson (born 17 October 1954) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was educated at the University of Queensland and the North Brisbane College of Advanced Education before becoming a primary teacher. He was an organiser with the Queensland Teachers Union before his election to the Australian House of Representatives in 1990 as the Labor member for Moreton. His election was the first time the Labor Party had ever won the seat, which has existed since Federation, although independent James Wilkinson sat as a Labor member from 1904–1906. Gibson held the seat until his defeat in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="18588354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588354" title="Hot Shots (1956 film)">
Hot Shots (1956 film)

Hot Shots is a 1956 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys. The film was released on December 23, 1956 by Monogram Pictures and is the forty-third film in the series. It was directed by Jean Yarbrough and written by Jack Townley.
Synopsis.
A spoiled child television star steals Sach and Duke's car. After retrieving the vehicle, the duo "teach the kid a lesson". Television executives, who are disgruntled by the child, are impressed by the duo who are then hired to watch after the boy. The child's uncle/manager is not happy with Sach and Duke's influence over the child so he gets the two fired and then kidnaps the boy for ransom, to cover up his stealing the boys earnings. Sach and Duke then rescue him.
Home media.
Warner Archives released the film on made to order DVD in the United States as part of ""The Bowery Boys, Volume Three"" on October 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="18588368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588368" title="Orange Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Orange Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Orange Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 22.

</doc>
<doc id="18588376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588376" title="Count of Vimioso">
Count of Vimioso

Count of Vimioso (in Portuguese "Conde de Vimioso") is a Portuguese title of nobility which have their origins in Alphonse, Bishop of Évora, the natural son of Alphonse, 4th Count of Ourém and 1st Marquis of Valença (eldest son of Alphonse I, Duke of Braganza). Therefore, the Counts of Vimioso were close related to the Braganzas.
This title was created on February 2, 1515, by King Manuel I of Portugal to his 3rd cousin, Francisco de Portugal (Francis of Portugal), also known as Francis I, 1st Count of Vimioso, a natural son of Alphonse of Portugal, Bishop of Évora.
The House of the Counts of Vimioso had also close links with the Portuguese Royal family, as members of the King’s Council, ambassadors, and Vice-roys. The 2nd Count, Alphonse I of Portugal, joined King Sebastian in his crusade in Morocco, and died there (during the Battle of Alcazarquivir in 1578 or, according to others, imprisoned by the moors after the battle).
This was one of the few Portuguese high aristocracy families to support King Anthony I of Portugal against King Philip II of Spain claims, during the War of the Portuguese Succession (1580–1583). The 3rd Count, "Dom" Francisco de Portugal (Francis II), was appointed King’s Anthony Constable, leading the Portuguese armies in the Battle of Alcântara (1580); he found death, two years later, in the naval Battle of Vila Franca, off São Miguel Island, in the Azores.
The family supported the 1640 rebellion against the Spanish Habsburgs, receiving a new title from the Braganzas (Marquis of Aguiar, in 1643).
In 1687, the 7th Count, Dom Miguel de Portugal (Michael of Portugal), died without legitimate issue. To avoid that such an illustrious family would be extinct, the King Pedro II of Portugal, through a special decree, issued on December 13, 1681, legitimated the count’s natural son, Francisco de Paula (or Francis III), as 8th Count, giving him all his father’s honours and titles.
During the "romantic period", the 13th Count of Vimioso (1817–1865) was quite a popular personality not only among aristocracy but also throughout the Portuguese society: he was a remarkable horse-rider, participating in bullfightings, with a bohemian life style; his mistress was the quite known fado singer, Maria Severa, and the story was later popularized by literature, music (the famous "Fado do Conde de Vimioso"), theatre and movies (A Severa (film)).
Other Titles.
Other titles granted to this family were:
Family Name.
The Counts family name was de Portugal, as they descended from King John I of Portugal.
In the late 17th Century, the 8th Count, Francisco de Paula, also known as Francis III, joined de name "Castro" once he inherited from an aunt properties and titles belonging to the "Castro" family, and, from then on, the Counts beard de Portugal e Castro (of Portugal and Castro) as their family name.
In the late 19th Century, the Counts family name became Sousa Coutinho, due to the marriage of Maria José de Portugal e Castro, the 13th Count's heir, with Fernando Luis de Sousa Coutinho (Marquis of Borba).
See also.
List of countships in Portugal

</doc>
<doc id="18588396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588396" title="Cliff Ollier">
Cliff Ollier

Cliff Ollier (born 1931) is a geologist, geomorphologist, soil scientist, emeritus professor and honorary research fellow, at the School of Earth and Geographical Sciences University of Western Australia. He was formerly at Australian National University, University of New England, Australia, Canberra University, University of Papua New Guinea, and University of Melbourne.
Throughout his career he was a prolific author (as C.D Ollier), and he has contributed to reference works such as "The Oxford Companion to the Earth".

</doc>
<doc id="18588400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588400" title="Reginald O'Brien">
Reginald O'Brien

Reginald Charles O'Brien (23 January 1926 – 20 April 1999) was an Australian politician. Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, he was educated at technical schools in Sydney before military service. On his return, he was a public servant, and was an official of the Clerks' Union in Queensland. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Petrie, defeating Liberal minister Alan Hulme. He was defeated by Hulme in 1963. O'Brien died in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="18588416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588416" title="Canadian Pacific Air Lines Flight 21">
Canadian Pacific Air Lines Flight 21

Canadian Pacific Air Lines Flight 21 was a domestic scheduled flight from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, to Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada via Prince George, Fort St. John, Fort Nelson and Watson Lake on Thursday, July 8, 1965. The Douglas DC-6B plane crashed near 100 Mile House, British Columbia, taking the lives of all 52 aboard. An inquest determined that the explosion was the result of a bomb, but the source of the bomb was never determined.
Incident.
While en route from Vancouver, BC to Prince George the DC-6 "Empress of City of Buenos Aires" crashed after passing Ashcroft, British Columbia. About 15:40 hrs, three Mayday calls were heard by air traffic control in Vancouver. An explosion had occurred in the left aft lavatory. The tail separated from the fuselage. The aircraft spiraled and crashed into a wooded area. All of the 46 passengers and 6 crew perished. The crash site is west of 100 Mile House, British Columbia. Remnants of the DC-6 remain at the crash site near Dog Creek in British Columbia.
Aftermath.
A coroner's inquest concluded "an explosive substance foreign to the normal contents of the aircraft" caused the crash. A witness on the ground saw the tail of the aircraft separate from the fuselage and debris trail out behind the aircraft. The debris turned out to be the bodies of passengers forced out by the depressurization of the aircraft. The fuselage was consumed by fire where it fell but the tail, found 500 metres away, was not. Rescue crews reached the crash site while the fire continued to burn but no survivors were found. Crash investigators found traces of acid that led them to believe a bomb in the lavatory was involved. Traces of potassium nitrate and carbon, consistent with a "low-velocity explosion" were found. Gunpowder or stumping powder causes a low-velocity explosion. The explosion damaged bulkheads in the lavatory, severed pipes in the tail and tore a metre-wide hole in the side of the fuselage. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police investigation focused on four passengers although none was a suspect. Charges were never laid. The source of the explosion remains unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="18588434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588434" title="John Whitehead (baseball)">
John Whitehead (baseball)

John Henderson Whitehead (April 27, 1909 in Coleman, Texas – October 20, 1964 in Bonham, Texas), was a professional baseball player who played pitcher in the Major Leagues from –. He played for the Chicago White Sox and St. Louis Browns.

</doc>
<doc id="18588438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588438" title="Reeder Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Reeder Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Reeder Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 39.
Reeder Township has one city, Reeder.

</doc>
<doc id="18588454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588454" title="Brett Kern">
Brett Kern

Brett Kern (born February 17, 1986) is an American football punter for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League. He was signed by the Denver Broncos as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Toledo.
College career.
Kern played college football at the University of Toledo. The MAC Report Online named Kern the Mid-American Conference’s ‘’Special Teams Player of the Year’’ in 2007. Kern was also a finalist for the Ray Guy Award in 2007. That year, he averaged 46.5 yards per punt, second in the nation.
Professional career.
Denver Broncos.
Kern won the starting punter for the 2008 Broncos, winning the job over competitor Sam Paulescu.
During his rookie season with the Broncos Kern attempted 46 punts for an average of 46.7, his longest punt of the year was 64 yards against the San Diego Chargers in week 2. He gave away one touchdown this year against the Oakland Raiders in week 12 when Johnnie Lee Higgins took the punt back 89 yards for the score.
Despite having the 3rd highest yards per punt average in NFL history, Kern was waived by the Broncos.
Tennessee Titans.
Kern was claimed off waivers by the Tennessee Titans replacing Reggie Hodges. At the time Kern was released from the Broncos and claimed by the Titans, the Broncos were 6-0 while the Titans were 0-6. A subsequent Titans winning streak and Broncos losing streak led to a situation where teams with Kern on the roster had compiled a record of 11-0 to begin the season, despite the two teams being a collective 12-10 overall in that period.
Personal.
Kern is the son of Cal Kern, owner of the amateur Niagara Power baseball team.

</doc>
<doc id="18588458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588458" title="Marshall Cooke">
Marshall Cooke

Nelson Marshall Cooke (born 4 March 1938) is a retired Australian politician. Born in Brisbane, he was educated at the University of Queensland before becoming a barrister. In 1972, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for Petrie. He was not re-endorsed by the party for the 1974 election, being overlooked in favour of Redcliffe Deputy Mayor John Hodges. Cooke retired from politics, returning to law.

</doc>
<doc id="18588461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588461" title="FC Sokil Zolochiv">
FC Sokil Zolochiv

FC Sokil Zolochiv is a Ukrainian football club from Zolochiv, Lvivska oblast that currently competes at the Amateur level. The club entered the Ukrainian Amateur Championships in 2008.
Also they compete in the Lvivska Oblast competition.
In their history the club also played in the professional leagues. After performing well in the
amateur competitions Sokil Zolochiv entered the Ukrainian Second League in 2000.
They finish 2nd in their initial season as well as in the 2001-2002 season and were promoted into the Ukrainian First League.
During the 2002-03 season they performed one of the biggest upsets in modern Ukrainian Football when they eliminated Ukrainian Premier League side Metalurh Zaporizhya in the 2002-03 Ukrainian Cup 1/16 finals. Unfortunately, later in the season the club removed themselves from the Persha Liha competition and returned to the regional Lvivska Oblast competition.

</doc>
<doc id="18588467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588467" title="Walter Schmidt (baseball)">
Walter Schmidt (baseball)

Walter Joseph Schmidt (March 20, 1887 in Coal Hill, Arkansas – July 4, 1973 in Modesto, California), was a professional baseball player who played catcher in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Cardinals. He later was the player/manager of the Mission Bells of the Pacific Coast League during the 1926 season. His brother, Boss Schmidt, also played professional baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="18588470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588470" title="Scott Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Scott Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Scott Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 106.

</doc>
<doc id="18588479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588479" title="Douglas Elliman">
Douglas Elliman

Douglas Elliman is the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area and the fourth largest real estate company in the nation. The company has more than 70 offices and 4,000 real estate agents.
History and overview.
Douglas Elliman was founded in 1911 as a basement store at 421 Madison Avenue in Manhattan. After years of growth the company was sold to the Milstein family (Seymour Milstein and Paul Milstein) in 1989 and then again to Insignia Financial Group (now CB Richard Ellis). In 2003 Insignia sold Douglas Elliman to Montauk Battery Realty, an affiliate of Vector Group's New Valley LLC subsidiary. 
In 2012, the company dropped “Prudential” from its name, returning to its original 1911 name. It is strategic partners with London-based Knight Frank LLP for residential business. Douglas Elliman affiliates include DE Property Management, DE Title and DE Capital Mortgage.
Dottie Herman is president and CEO of Douglas Elliman. 
Its services include: residential and retail brokerage, property management, mortgage services, and title services. In 2011 the company completed over 12,000 transactions, and $11 Billion in sales volume.
Douglas Elliman New York.
Douglas Elliman operates in the New York Metropolitan area, with 22 offices in New York City, 26 offices in Long Island, nine offices in the Hamptons, and six offices in Westchester. The company releases quarterly market reports and guides by borough within New York City as well as for its other metropolitan location that are often used to measure real estate activity by entities such as The New York Times and Crain’s New York Business.
Douglas Elliman Florida.
Douglas Elliman operates throughout South Florida, formerly under the name Douglas Elliman Florida, but is now called Douglas Elliman like it's New York counterpart. The company's Miami flagship office at 1111 Lincoln Road in South Beach, is one of five South Beach offices, with five additional offices in Boca Raton, Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Palm Beach and Aventura. In September 2013, Jay Philip Parker replaced Vanessa Grout as CEO of Douglas Elliman’s Florida Brokerage.
Douglas Elliman Florida has also named former Major League Baseball player, Billy Bean, as Director of its new Sports & Entertainment Division.
Philanthropy.
Douglas Elliman contributes to a variety of charities, some of which include the American Heart Association, Central Park Conservancy, the Gold Coast Film Festival, and Big Brothers Big Sisters of New York City. Causes unique to individual brokers are also listed on the company website. In 2013, the company donated $100,000 to the Southampton Hospital Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="18588488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588488" title="List of Major League Baseball players from Jamaica">
List of Major League Baseball players from Jamaica

This is an alphabetical list of baseball players from Jamaica who played in Major League Baseball between 1981 and 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="18588489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588489" title="South Fork Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
South Fork Township, Adams County, North Dakota

South Fork Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 11.

</doc>
<doc id="18588497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588497" title="Art Kruger">
Art Kruger

Arthur Theodore Kruger (March 16, 1881 in San Antonio, Texas – November 28, 1949 in Hondo, California), was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues from -. He would play for the Cincinnati Reds, Cleveland Naps, Boston Braves, and Kansas City Packers.

</doc>
<doc id="18588499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588499" title="Arnór Smárason">
Arnór Smárason

Arnór Smárason (born 7 September 1988) is an Icelandic footballer who primarily plays as secondary striker for Allsvenskan side Helsingborgs IF, though he can also play as a winger.
Club career.
Arnór was born in Akranes, Iceland, and is a cousin of Pétur Pétursson. He came to Holland already at a young age, and played for the youth teams of SC Heerenveen. He made his senior debut in 2008. He scored his first Heerenveen goal on 19 October 2008, in a match against Roda JC.
In June 2010, he moved to Esbjerg fB on a free transfer.
In July 2013 he moved to Helsingborgs IF on a free transfer.
International career.
Arnór has been called up for the Iceland U21 national team, making four appearances and scoring one goal. He made his debut for the senior national squad in a friendly against Wales in May 2008. He scored his first goal for the national team in a 2–0 friendly win against Liechtenstein on 11 February.
International goals.
"Current as of February 24, 2012."

</doc>
<doc id="18588503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588503" title="Taylor Butte Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Taylor Butte Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Taylor Butte Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="18588516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588516" title="Symphony No. 7 (Rautavaara)">
Symphony No. 7 (Rautavaara)

Finnish composer Einojuhani Rautavaara wrote his Symphony No. 7, subtitled Angel of Light, in 1994. It belongs to his "Angel Series", inspired by childhood dreams and revelations. The symphony has won wide popularity for its deep spirituality. The premiere recording by Segerstam has won a Grammy nomination.
Instrumentation.
2 Flutes,
2 Oboes,
2 Clarinets in Bb,
2 Bassoons
4 Horns in F,
3 Trumpets in Bb,
3 Trombones,
1 Tuba,
Percussion (Timpani, suspended cymbal, snare drum, glockenspiel, 
xylophone, marimba, vibraphone, tom-toms, tam-tams)
Harp
Strings (Violin I, Violin II, Viola, Violoncello, Contrabass)
Premiere.
Bloomington Symphony Orchestra in 1994
Recordings.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18588542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588542" title="Thrasher (disambiguation)">
Thrasher (disambiguation)

Thrashers are a group of passerine birds related to mockingbirds and catbirds.
Thrasher may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18588545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588545" title="Adam &amp; Yves">
Adam &amp; Yves

Adam & Yves is a 1974 X-rated film created for gay male audiences. The film is notable for the unauthorized use of footage of Greta Garbo, in what turned out to be the legendary actress's final appearance on film.
Set in Paris during springtime, "Adam & Yves" is about the French Yves (Marcus Giovanni) and his pursuit of the American tourist Adam (Michael Hardwick). The men have a brief affair, but a long-lasting relationship is prevented by Yves' insistence that they not share personal information.
While making the film, director Peter de Rome reportedly stalked Greta Garbo around New York City, where the retired star was living. After much searching, De Rome, located her and was able to shoot footage of Garbo walking across First Avenue. The footage was inserted into "Adam & Yves," and its presence was explained by having Adam recalling how he once saw the elusive star. The Garbo footage was used without the star's knowledge or permission, and she was not paid for her appearance.

</doc>
<doc id="18588550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588550" title="Mary Healy">
Mary Healy

Mary Healy (born April 14, 1918) is a retired American actress, singer, and variety entertainer.
Biography.
Mary Healy was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The former Miss New Orleans beauty pageant winner's first screen role was in "Josetta", where she had a bit part. However in 1939, she had a major role as Jean Patrick in "Second Fiddle". Healy made her stage debut in "Count Me In", opposite Charles Butterworth and Jean Arthur.
Healy was married to fellow entertainer Peter Lind Hayes from 1940 until his death in 1998. With few exceptions — most notably her role as Mrs. Aouda in Orson Welles' 1946 Broadway production of "Around the World in 80 Days", a role that she would later reprise for the "The Mercury Summer Theatre on the Air" radio adaptation of the musical play — she and her husband worked together exclusively.
Among their joint ventures were several television series, "The Peter Lind Hayes Show" in 1950, "The Star of the Family" in 1950–1952, the 1953 cult fantasy film "The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T", the 1958 Broadway comedy "Who Was That Lady I Saw You With?" and the 1960 NBC situation comedy "Peter Loves Mary", in which they portrayed a show business couple with two children who attempt to adjust to the culture shock of a move from New York City to the suburbs.
In 1949 Healy and Hayes were the first to sing the commercial jingle, "See the USA in Your Chevrolet", which later became a signature song for Dinah Shore.
In addition, the couple were regular substitute hosts on Arthur Godfrey's television programs and were frequent guest panelists on "What's My Line?" In 1960, they co-starred in their radio show "The Peter Lind-Mary Healy Show".
Healy and Hayes were the parents of two adopted children – a son, Peter Michael Hayes, and a daughter, actress Cathy Lind Hayes.

</doc>
<doc id="18588556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588556" title="38th Brigade">
38th Brigade

38th Brigade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18588564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588564" title="Symphony No. 8 (Rautavaara)">
Symphony No. 8 (Rautavaara)

Finnish composer Einojuhani Rautavaara wrote his Symphony No. 8, subtitled The Journey, in 1999. The total playing time is approximately 28 minutes.
Instrumentation.
2 Flutes, Piccolo, 2 Oboes, English Horn, 2 Clarinets in B flat, Bass Clarinet, 2 Bassoons, Contrabassoon, 4 Horns in F, 4 Trumpets in C, 3 Trombones, Tuba, Percussion: Timpani, Vibraphone, Xylophone, Glockenspiel, Tubular Bells, 4 Tom-toms, Cymbal (suspended), Gong (30"), 3 Tamtams, 2 Harps, Strings.
Premiere.
Philadelphia Orchestra / Wolfgang Sawallisch, April 2000
Recordings.
Few works from the past decade or two have enjoyed multiple recordings. The four recordings of this symphony proves Rautavaara to be a major voice in the contemporary classical music scene.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18588568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588568" title="Vera MacLeavy">
Vera MacLeavy

Vera Alice MacLeavy (née Black) (25 September 1919 – 20 July 2008) was librarian of Bethlehem Teacher Training College in Malvern, Jamaica from 1954 to 1972 and archivist of the Moravian Church in Jamaica from 1957 to 1986.
Early life.
Mrs MacLeavy was born in Redcar, Yorkshire, England. After graduating from the University of Leeds in 1943, she was an assistant teacher at Fulneck Boys' School where she was one of the first two female teachers on an otherwise all male teaching staff. In 1945 she married the Rev. Basil LaTrobe MacLeavy.
In 1947, after a nine month separation due to the war, she travelled to Jamaica to join her husband who had taken up the post of Principal at the Bethlehem Teacher Training College. Here they had three sons.
Major work.
As librarian, she saw to the development of the Bethlehem Teacher Training College library's collection from its inception in 1954. Through her connections with the Moravian Church she was able to attract generous gifts of books and other resources from England and the USA.
As archivist she toured the island collecting church records no longer in use, catalogued them and arranged for conservation where required. The archives were originally housed on the ground floor of the Bethlehem Teacher Training College library but were transferred to the Jamaica Archives in Spanish Town in 1972 upon the retirement of Mrs. MacLeavy from Bethlehem. However, she continued as archivist until 1986 when she returned to the UK with her husband to retire in Leominster near Bristol.
Other work.
During her thirty nine years in Jamaica, Mrs MacLeavy taught at both Bethlehem Teacher Training College and the nearby Hampton Girls’ School. She was also very active in both the Moravian Women’s Fellowship and the Upward and Onward Society for girls.

</doc>
<doc id="18588573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588573" title="Dean Wells (politician)">
Dean Wells (politician)

Dean MacMillan Wells (born 13 January 1949) is an Australian politician. He was a Labor member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 1986 to 2012 and was a Labor member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1983 to 1984.
Born of Australian parents in Hiroshima, Japan, he was educated at Monash University before becoming a lawyer. Later, he was a lecturer in philosophy at the University of Queensland and an author and political commentator. In the autumn of 1981 he lectured at Saint David's University College, Lampeter in Wales. In 1983, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Petrie, defeating sitting Liberal member John Hodges. Hodges defeated Wells in 1984. In 1986, Wells was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Murrumba, and in 1989 was appointed Attorney-General, a position he held until 1995. In 1998, he was appointed Minister for Education; in 2001 he was shifted to become Minister for the Environment, a position he held until 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="18588593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588593" title="Andriy Biba">
Andriy Biba

Andriy Andriyovych (or Andrei Andreyevich) Biba (; ) (born 10 August 1937 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a retired Soviet football player and Ukrainian coach.
Playmaker.
Biba is acknowledged as one of the greatest attacking midfielders Eastern Europe has ever produced. As Guardian journalist Jonathan Wilson, explains he functioned as 'Bobby Charlton did in Alf Ramsey's England side' as an advanced attacking midfielder moving the ball around the attacking third with a howitzer shot. He enjoyed a starring role in the Dynamo Kiev team of Victor Maslov.
International career.
Biba played his only game for the USSR on 4 July 1965 in a friendly against Brazil starring Pelé.

</doc>
<doc id="18588603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588603" title="Borla">
Borla

Borla is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="18588607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588607" title="Kemoh Fadika">
Kemoh Fadika

Alhaji Mohamed Kemoh Fadika (born in Bo, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat and the current Sierra Leone's ambassador to Iran. He was appointed to the position by the country's president Ernest Bai Koroma on June 21, 2008. Fadika had served as Sierra Leone's ambassador to Egypt from 1981 to 1983, he also served as Sierra Leone deputy High Commissioner to Nigeria from 1977 to 1981. Fadika was born in Sierra Leone to Muslim parents from the Mandingo ethnic group.

</doc>
<doc id="18588629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588629" title="Symphony No. 3 (Rautavaara)">
Symphony No. 3 (Rautavaara)

Finnish composer Einojuhani Rautavaara wrote his Symphony No. 3 in 1959-60. Although employing serial procedures, the harmonies are firmly tonal throughout. In fact, the romantic gestures of the symphony, the majestic use of brass (including Wagner Tubas), as well as the use of German tempo markings, owes much to the symphonies of Anton Bruckner, and the symphony has been termed by critics as "neo-Brucknerian" in style.
Recordings.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="18588633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588633" title="Nigel Drury">
Nigel Drury

Edward Nigel Drury, CBE (15 May 1911 – 17 May 1984) was an Australian politician and grandson of Colonel E R Drury, pastoralist, business man, the first CEO of the Queensland National Bank and a member of the family well known in Brisbane at the end of the 19th century. 
Nigel Drury was born in Clifton, Queensland and was educated at Brisbane Grammar School before becoming a corporate accountant. He served in the military 1942-1946, and was on the Queensland State Executive of the Liberal Party on his return. In 1949, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Liberal member for the new seat of Ryan. In the same year, 1949, he married Valerie Thomas, daughter of the Naval Officer in Charge of Brisbane during the second world war, Captain E P Thomas.
During his parliamentary career he was chairman of the Commonwealth Immigration Planning Council, a deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives, chairman of the Privileges Committee, and for many years deputy chairman of committees of the House. He held the seat of Ryan through 11 elections, until his retirement in 1975. Nigel Drury died in 1984.
Nigel Drury is survived by his two sons, Roger Drury and Christopher Drury. Dr Christopher Drury served as the Australian Electoral Officer for South Australia from 2001 until 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="18588634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588634" title="Igor Luchenok">
Igor Luchenok

Igor Luchenok (Belarusian: Iгар Лучанок, Ihar Luchanok, Russian: Игорь Лученок; born 6 August 1938 in Maryina Horka) is a Belarusian composer, People's Artist of Belarus (and People's Artist of the USSR), and chairman of the Belarusian Union of Composers.

</doc>
<doc id="18588637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588637" title="Sachlu">
Sachlu

Sachlu (, also Romanized as Sāchlū) is a village in Meshgin-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="18588648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588648" title="Wolf Butte Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
Wolf Butte Township, Adams County, North Dakota

Wolf Butte Township is a township in Adams County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2010 census, its population was 25. Lewis O. Richardson, longtime North Dakota legislator, is buried here.

</doc>
<doc id="18588650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588650" title="Milan Čančarević">
Milan Čančarević

Milan Čančarević (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Чанчаревић; born May 21, 1955) is a Serbian former football player.
As a player he played for Napredak, Sloboda Užice and FAP Priboj in the Yugoslav First League and Yugoslav Second League. 
After retiring, Čančarević became a coach, and in 2008 was the head coach of the Serbian White Eagles FC, where he won the Canadian Soccer League championship.
His son Ognjen plays goal for Radnički Kragujevac in the Serbian SuperLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="18588667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588667" title="Efendi (disambiguation)">
Efendi (disambiguation)

Efendi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18588670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588670" title="Michael Carrington">
Michael Carrington

Michael Carrington may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18588682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588682" title="New Valley LLC">
New Valley LLC

New Valley LLC is an investment company owned by Vector Group. Western Union was renamed New Valley in the early 1990s as the corporate parent of all Western Union related businesses. In 1994, New Valley sold its Western Union businesses to First Financial Management (later acquired by First Data) for $1.2 Billion. After more than 100 years of being a publicly traded entity, New Valley became a wholly owned subsidiary of Vector Group on December 13, 2005 when Vector Group acquired the remaining 42.3% of New Valley's common shares that it did not already own. New Valley presently has a 70% stake in Douglas Elliman Realty, the largest residential real estate brokerage in the New York metropolitan area. The company also has stakes in various hotels and golf courses in the United States. In conjunction with the spin-off of its Ladenburg Thalmann subsidiary New Valley retained an 7.6% stake in Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services, an investment bank and stock brokerage based in Miami.

</doc>
<doc id="18588697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588697" title="Edward Corser">
Edward Corser

Edward Bernard Cresset Corser (1852 – 31 July 1928) was an Australian politician. Born in Birmingham, England, he was educated at Worcester and migrated to Australia in 1864. He was a sugar worker and bank officer in Maryborough in Queensland, eventually becoming a businessman. In 1909, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Maryborough. He transferred to federal Parliament, winning the 1915 Wide Bay by-election caused by the resignation of Labor Prime Minister Andrew Fisher; Corser was a member of the Commonwealth Liberal Party. In 1917, together with the rest of his party, he became a Nationalist. He held the seat until his death in 1928; he was succeeded in a by-election by his son, Bernard Corser, representing the Country Party.

</doc>
<doc id="18588716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588716" title="Lev Burchalkin">
Lev Burchalkin

Lev Dmitriyevich Burchalkin () (born January 9, 1939 in Leningrad; died September 7, 2004 in St. Petersburg) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach.
International career.
Burchalkin played his only game for USSR on May 20, 1964 in a friendly against Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="18588717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588717" title="Ahmed Al-Hadrami">
Ahmed Al-Hadrami

Ahmed Al-Hadrami is a football midfielder. He currently plays for Al-Nasr club in Saudi Arabia.
He started playing for the first team in the 2008-2009 season after joining from Al Hajer club.

</doc>
<doc id="18588721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588721" title="Hong Su Jong">
Hong Su Jong

Hong Su-jong (born March 9, 1986 or 1989 in Hamgyong, North Korea) is a North Korean artistic gymnast. She is the 2007 World silver medalist on the vault. She competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the all-around and in the team event.
She is the older sister or possibly twin sister of Hong Un-jong. They share the generation name Jong.
Hong was suspended for two years, from late 2007 to late 2009, following a positive test for furosemide at the Good Luck Beijing pre-Olympic test event.
2010 age controversy.
In October 2010, It was announced Hong Su-jong was under investigation after several discrepancies surfaced over her reported year of birth and age-eligibility for senior competition.
Subsequently, North Korea was banned from taking part in the 2010 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, as the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique announced it was not satisfied with the explanation provided by North Korea for having entered Hong Su-jong with three different birth dates (1985, 1986 or 1989), in different competitions. In particular, she had taken part in the 2004 Olympics claiming to have been born in 1985; her subsequently announced birth date of 1989 meant that she would have been too young to compete in 2004.
In November 2010, the F.I.G. announced that due to the age discrepancies, North Korean gymnasts were banned from all international competition until October 5, 2012. The North Korean Federation was also fined USD $20,800, and Hong specifically was banned from competing in even national competition within North Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="18588727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588727" title="Mr. Freeze">
Mr. Freeze

Dr. Victor Fries, also referred to as Mr. Freeze, is a fictional character, a supervillain who appears in comic books published by DC Comics. He frequently serves as an enemy of Batman. Created by Bob Kane, David Wood and Sheldon Moldoff, he first appeared in "Batman" #121 (February 1959).
Freeze is a scientist who must wear a cryogenic suit in order to survive, and bases his crimes around a "cold" or "ice" theme, complete with a "freeze gun" that freezes its targets solid. In the most common variation of his origin story, he is a former cryogenics expert who suffered an industrial accident while attempting to cure his terminally ill wife, Nora.
Mr. Freeze was played by George Sanders, Otto Preminger and Eli Wallach in the original "Batman" television series, and by Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1997 film "Batman & Robin". He was also voiced by Michael Ansara in "", and by Clancy Brown in "The Batman".
IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time List ranked Mr. Freeze as #67.
Overview.
Originally called Mr. Zero, he was renamed and popularized by the 1960s "Batman" television series, in which he was played by several actors.
Nearly 30 years later, a television adaptation of Batman revitalized him once again. "" retold Mr. Freeze's origin in "", an episode by writer Paul Dini. The episode introduced his terminally ill, cryogenically frozen wife Nora, which greater explained his obsession with ice and need to build a criminal empire to raise research funds. This more complex, tragic character was enthusiastically accepted by fans, and has become the standard portrayal for the character in most forms of media, including the comic book series itself, which previously had the character casually killed off by the Joker. Freeze was resurrected in the comic after the episode aired.
The episode was seen as groundbreaking for a Saturday morning cartoon and helped set the tone for the rest of the series. This back story was also made canon in the comics and has been the character's official origin in almost every incarnation of Batman since.
Elements of this origin story were incorporated into the 1997 film "Batman & Robin", in which he was portrayed by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Fictional character biography.
From the time of his first appearance in 1959 onwards, Mr. Freeze was portrayed as one of many "joke" villains (see also Killer Moth) cast as stock enemies of Batman. Originally called Mr. Zero, the producers of the 1960s "Batman" television series renamed him Mr. Freeze (and portrayed Batman addressing him as "Dr. Schimmell"), and the name quickly carried over to the comic books.
Silver Age.
In the Pre-"Crisis" continuity series, it is explained that Mr. Freeze is a rogue scientist whose design for an "ice gun" backfires when he inadvertently spills cryogenic chemicals on himself, resulting in his needing subzero temperatures to survive.
Modern Age.
Post-"Crisis", Freeze was revamped utilizing Paul Dini's backstory. Dr. Victor Fries (surname pronounced "freeze") was a brilliant molecular biologist. As a child, he was fascinated by freezing animals. His parents, horrified by his "hobby", sent him to a strict boarding school, where he was miserable, feeling detached from humanity. In college, he met a woman named Nora, whom he fell in love with and ultimately married.
A year and a half after Bruce Wayne becomes Batman, Nora contracts a terminal illness, while Fries works on a freeze ray. Fries' boss decides to tell the mob about the gun, leading Batman to create a team of specialists to help him do his job better. Fries decides to use the device on Nora, to put her in cryo-stasis. His boss interrupts and tampers with the experiment, however, resulting in an explosion that kills Nora. Fries survives, but the chemicals in the freeze ray lower his body temperature to the point that he must wear a cryogenic suit in order to survive. He swears revenge on those responsible for the death of his wife (whom he talks to often), and becomes Mr. Freeze, the first supervillain Batman faces in this continuity.
Batman's operatives find Freeze, who shoots one of them with his freeze gun. Batman eventually apprehends him, however.
Freeze's crimes tend to involve freezing everyone and everything he runs into so he never forges alliances with the other criminals in Gotham, preferring to work alone. On rare occasions he has worked with another member of Batman's rogues gallery, usually as an enforcer for Gotham's mob bosses, such as the Penguin or Black Mask. In one of his notable team-ups, Freeze constructed a cryogenic machine for Hush so that Hush might take revenge on Batman.
During his time with the Secret Society of Super Villains, he fashions for Nyssa al Ghul a sub-zero machine in exchange for the use of her own Lazarus Pit. He attempts to restore Nora to life without waiting for the "adjusting" needed in the pool chemicals. However, she returns to life as the twisted Lazara, and escapes. She blames her husband for her plight, and she estranges herself from him.
The New 52.
During the Night of the Owls crossover as part of The New 52, the Court of Owls send assassins known as Talons to kill almost 40 of the most important citizens of Gotham, including Mr Freeze. The Red Hood, Starfire and Red Arrow choose to save him, and subsequently remand him into Batgirl's custody.
"Batman Annual" #1 introduces a new origin for Mr. Freeze. Here, Victor Fries' fascination with cryonics began when he was a boy and his mother fell through the ice of a frozen lake. The ice was able to keep her preserved long enough for help to arrive, thus sparking his lifelong obsession with the cold. It is later revealed that the accident left Fries' mother in constant pain, and Fries ended her suffering by pushing her into a lake. In this new origin, Nora was never Fries' wife. Her name was Nora Fields, a woman born in 1943. When Nora was 23, she was diagnosed with an incurable heart disease, so her family placed her in cryogenic stasis hoping that a cure would be found in the future. Fries, having written his doctoral thesis on Nora, took on a position as a cryogenic researcher and technician at Wayne Enterprises, the facility that housed Nora's body.
Eventually, he fell in love with Nora and became dedicated to finding a reliable method for slowly thawing cryogenic subjects. However, Bruce Wayne ordered the project to be shut down, as he began to feel uncomfortable with Fries' obsession with Nora. Furious, Fries hurled a chair at Wayne, who dodged the attack; the chair smashed into an array of cryonic chemical tanks, the contents of which sprayed onto Fries and transformed him into Mr. Freeze.
The Court of Owls uses Freeze's cryogenic-thaw formula to revive their Talons, and then they try to kill him. Freeze survives, but is captured by the Red Hood and sent to Arkham Asylum. He escapes shortly afterward and rearms himself with the Penguin's help. Freeze decides to kill Bruce Wayne and take Nora, whom he believes to be his wife, so that they can leave Gotham City behind forever. Infiltrating Wayne Enterprises, Freeze has a brief fight with Nightwing and Robin, but he subdues them. Then, Freeze goes to the penthouse, where he finds Batman and the frozen Nora. Batman defeats Mr. Freeze by injecting his suit with the thawing formula, which he had intended to use to revive Nora from suspended animation.
During the "Forever Evil" storyline, Mr. Freeze appears as a member of the Secret Society of Super Villains at the time when the Crime Syndicate arrived from their world. The Scarecrow later visits Mr. Freeze to let him know of the war going on at Blackgate Penitentiary. The Man-Bats are able to bring the remaining Talons to Mr. Freeze after Man-Bat and Scarecrow steal them from Blackgate. Mr. Freeze and Clayface later encounter the Rogues when they land in their territory. Mr. Freeze tells Mirror Master he is not interested in capitalizing on the bounty on their head, only to use Weather Wizard to create optimal conditions for him to freeze Gotham. As the Rogues are fighting the two, Black Mask (alongside his False Face society) arrives to capture the Rogues to receive the bounty.
Powers and abilities.
Like most Batman villains, Mr. Freeze plans his crimes about a specific theme; in his case, ice and cold. He freezes areas around him using special weapons and equipment, most notably a handheld "Freeze gun". His refrigeration suit grants him superhuman strength and durability, making him a powerful villain in Batman's rogues gallery.
In the "Underworld Unleashed" storyline, the demon Neron grants Mr. Freeze the ability to generate subzero temperatures, no longer needing his freeze-gun or refrigeration suit. However, after his encounter with Green Lantern, Donna Troy, and Purgatory in Central Park, he reverted to his original subzero biology. He then gained a new subzero armor and weaponry.
Other versions.
Smallville.
Mr. Freeze appears in the comic book adaptation of "Smallville", partnered with the Prankster of Intergang. He agrees to work for Intergang in order to fund Nora's treatment. Freeze is betrayed by Prankster, however, and is defeated by Batman and Green Arrow.
Robot Mr. Freeze.
In "Blackhawk", Mr. Freeze appears as a robot that is controlled by Doctor Thurman.
Justice League Adventures.
Based in the DC animated universe, Mr. Freeze is part of a group of ice-themed villains called the "Cold Warriors" that tried to overthrow a small African nation. The Cold Warriors appear in "Justice League Adventures" #12 (December 2002).
DC Super Friends.
Based in the DC Super Friends universe, Mr. Freeze is part of a group of ice-themed villains called the "Ice Pack" that encased a city in ice and snow. The Ice Pack appear in "DC Super Friends" #16 (August 2009).
Flashpoint.
In the alternate timeline of the "Flashpoint", Mr. Freeze attacks the S.T.A.R. Labs in Central City to find a cure for his wife Nora. However, Citizen Cold attacks and uses his cold gun to freeze Mr. Freeze's body. Mr. Freeze tries to escape on robotic legs, but Citizen Cold freezes him to death and tells him that Nora is dead. This version of Mr. Freeze is a friend of Fallout's, and pursues revenge against Citizen Cold for murdering him. It is later revealed that radiation produced by Fallout is the cure Mr. Freeze was searching for.
In other media.
Video games.
Mr. Freeze also appears in several "Batman" video games:
Merchandising.
Mr. Freeze is also the name of two LIM roller coasters at two Six Flags parks (Six Flags St. Louis and Six Flags Over Texas).
Lego's Batman line features two sets, "The Batcave: The Penguin and Mr. Freeze's Invasion", which includes minifigure incarnations of Mr. Freeze, The Penguin, Batman, Robin, Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce Wayne, a henchman, and three hench-penguins. The second set, "Batman's Buggy: The Escape of Mr. Freeze", includes minifigures of Mr. Freeze and Batman. In 2013, the character Mr.Freeze was re-introduced in the LEGO SuperHeroes theme in set 76000 "Artic Batman Vs. Mr.Freeze Aquaman on Ice".
Dark Horse comic books.
Mr. Freeze appears in the third "Batman vs. Predator" comic book, "Blood Ties". His gang members are killed by the Predators, but he is spared since he is not visible to the Predator due to his lack of body heat.
In "Batman/Aliens 2", Mr. Freeze is not seen, but his freeze gun is used to destroy aliens, and an alien cloned from Fries' DNA can be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="18588758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588758" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 63 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 63 kg

The women's 63 kg weightlifting event was the fourth women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 63 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 12, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 12:30, and Group A, at 15:30. This event was the sixth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+8)
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18588773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588773" title="Farrah">
Farrah

Farrah is a given name, derived from Arabic where it means joy. It can be either masculine or feminine. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="18588777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588777" title="Ivan Varlamov">
Ivan Varlamov

Ivan Alekseyevich Varlamov () (born 23 October 1937 in Khutorok, Krasnodar Krai) is a retired Soviet football player.
International career.
Varlamov played his only game for USSR on 4 November 1964 in a friendly against Algeria.

</doc>
<doc id="18588780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588780" title="North Lemmon Township, Adams County, North Dakota">
North Lemmon Township, Adams County, North Dakota

North Lemmon Township is a defunct civil township in Adams County, North Dakota, USA. The 1990 census recorded a population of 81. The population was an estimated at 66 people in 1999.
The township dissolved in 1999, and is now part of the Census-designated East Adams Unorganized Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="18588792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588792" title="Bernard Corser">
Bernard Corser

Bernard Henry Corser (1882 – 15 December 1967) was an Australian politician. In 1912, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Burnett, joining the Nationalist Party on its formation in 1917. He held the seat until 1928. In 1928, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives in a by-election for the seat of Wide Bay caused by the death of his father, Nationalist MP Edward Corser. He was elected as a member of the Country Party. In April 1939, the leader of the Country Party's senior Coalition partner the United Australia Party, Prime Minister Joseph Lyons, died, and the leader of the Country Party, Earle Page, became caretaker Prime Minister. The likely replacement for Lyons was Robert Menzies, but Page attacked him. Together with Arthur Fadden, Thomas Collins and Oliver Badman, Corser dissociated himself from Page, and when the latter resigned as leader, the four were barred from the party meeting that elected Page supporter Archie Cameron as leader. As a result, Corser and his colleagues rejected Cameron's leadership. Corser retired in 1954 and became a grazier; he died in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="18588803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588803" title="Nady">
Nady

Nady is a surname, and may refer to the following uncle and nephew:
See also Nady Systems, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18588827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588827" title="Georgi Vyun">
Georgi Vyun

Georgi Ivanovich Vyun () (born 27 October 1944 in Solntsevka, Omsk Oblast died November 29, 2008 in Saint Petersburg ) was a Soviet football player and a Russian coach.
International career.
Vyun played his only game for USSR on 16 June 1968 in a friendly against Austria and scored a goal in that game.

</doc>
<doc id="18588842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588842" title="Xerocole">
Xerocole

A xerocole (), commonly referred to as a desert animal, is an animal adapted to live in the desert. The main challenges they must overcome are lack of water and excessive heat. To conserve water, they both avoid evaporation and concentrate excretions (i.e. urine and feces). Some are so adept at conserving water or obtaining it from food that they do not need to drink at all. To escape the desert heat, xerocoles tend to be either nocturnal or crepuscular, most active at dawn and dusk.
Water conservation.
Avoiding evaporation.
Xerocoles have developed a variety of mechanisms to reduce water loss via evaporation. Mammalian xerocoles sweat much less than their non-desert counterparts. For example, the camel can survive ambient temperatures as high as without sweating, and the kangaroo rat lacks sweat glands entirely. Both birds and mammals in the desert have oils on the surface of their skin to "waterproof" it and inhibit evaporation.
Desert insects use a similar method, as their cuticles are waxy to prevent water from escaping; however, at critical temperatures (ex. for cockroaches), the wax molecules in the cuticle rearrange to become permeable and permit evaporative cooling.
Amphibious xerocoles, such as species of the "Phyllomedusa" genus of frogs, have wax-like coatings on their skin to reduce water loss. The frogs secrete lipids from glands in their skin: when their skin begins to dry out, they move their limbs over the glands on their backs, and wipe the lipids over their bodies. Other desert amphibians, such as the "Cyclorana" genus of frogs, avoid desiccation by burrowing underground during dry periods and forming a cocoon from shed skin: rather than being sloughed off, the skin remains attached to create the cocoon. As skin layers amass, water impermeability increases.
During evaporation.
Though desert birds lack sweat glands, they can still take advantage of evaporative cooling by panting, which cools the trachea and lungs, and gular flapping, which consists of rapidly fluttering the gular skin to move air over the inner mouth and throat. Kangaroo rats and other small mammals use evaporative cooling in a similar way. When air is respired, water evaporates from the nose, cooling the surface of the nasal passages to approximately . The low temperature causes moisture to condense, partially making up for the water that was lost. The process, called respiratory heat exchange, works best when the walls of the nasal passage have a large surface area.
Some animals pour bodily fluids on themselves to take advantage of evaporative cooling. Xerocole birds such as storks, New World vultures, and ibis urinate on their legs, while desert tortoises sometimes salivate on their neck and front legs to keep cool. Similarly, many rodents and marsupials lick themselves to spread saliva, though this only remains effective for a short time, and requires the fur to become very damp.
Excretion.
Urine.
To excrete nitrogenous waste products, mammals (and most amphibians) excrete urea diluted in water. Such xerocoles have adapted to make their urine as concentrated as possible (i.e. use the least amount of water) to dissolve urea. Desert mammals have longer and more deeply inset nephrons, as well as smaller and fewer cortical and juxtamedullary glomeruli (glomeruli being capillary networks where both fluid and waste are extracted from blood). This in turn leads to a smaller glomerular filtration rate, and on the whole, less water is transferred from the blood to the kidney. The kidneys of desert mammals are also better adapted at reabsorbing water from the tubular fluid: though there are fewer glomeruli, the xerocole has larger juxtamedullary glomeruli than than cortical glomeruli (the former playing an important role in concentrating urine), whereas the opposite is true for non-xerocoles. Desert mammals also have longer loops of Henle, structures whose efficiency in concentrating urine is directly proportional to their length. The efficiency of their loops of Henle is augmented by the increased antidiuretic hormone in their blood.
Desert amphibians can store more nitrogen than aquatic ones, and do so when not enough water is available to excrete the nitrogen as urea. The African reed frog can store excess nitrogen in iridophore, pigmented granules in its skin, by converting the nitrogen to guanine, which makes up the majority of the iridophores' composition.
Reptiles, birds, insects, and some amphibious species excrete nitrogenous waste as uric acid rather than urea. Because uric acid is less toxic than urea, it does not need to be dissolved in water to be excreted (as such, it is largely insoluble).
Feces.
Most animal feces are over 75% water; xerocoles, however, reabsorb water in the gut and produce much drier feces. For example, the kangaroo rat's feces contain only as much water as that of other, non-desert rodents. In insects, the rectal gland also absorbs water, and the insects excrete dry pellets. In birds, along with some other vertebrates, the ureter and rectum both lead to the cloaca, whose walls also absorb water.
Other methods.
Camels can further conserve water by closing an orifice in their stomach to create two compartments: one for water and one for food.
Seed-eating rodents maintain a low metabolic rate to reduce water lost to respiration (and to prevent their burrow from overheating). Rodent mothers produce concentrated milk for their young, and then eat their young's dilute urine and feces to regain some of the water that was lost. Desert canids and kangaroos eat their own young's excrement for the same reason.
The Australian water-holding frog conserves water by retaining urine in the bladder, swelling up like a balloon; it then uses its bladder as a water reserve during the dry season.
Alternative water sources.
Xerocoles get a substantial amount of hygroscopic water from their food. Many dine on moisture-filled plants: the aardvark obtains water from the wild cucumber and the camel eats succulents and bushes in the winter, getting enough water to go two months without drinking. The oryx eats "Acacia" leaves late at night, when water content is highest: in the hot, arid daytime the leaves are only 1% water; but in cooler, more humid night the leaves are 40% water. Some xerocoles are able to obtain water from halophytic (saltwater) plants, as they can metabolize high amounts of oxalic acid and produce very concentrated urine. The chisel-toothed kangaroo rat also mitigates the saltiness of the halophyte it eats (the shadscale) by using its broad, sharp lower incisors to scrape off the leaves' salty outerlayer reach the less-salty center. 
Carnivores derive water from their prey's meat and blood. Insectivores, such as the aardwolf (a type of hyena) and the southern grasshopper mouse, are thus largely independent from free water.
Xerocoles obtain a large percentage of their water from the metabolic processes used to break down their food. The water gained from fat is nearly twice the amount gained from carbohydrates, as the former contains more hydrogen (which determines the amount of water produced). The water gained from metabolism is more than enough to offset the water lost from evaporation in the lungs (which increases due to the need for oxygen to break down food).
Thermal regulation.
Morphology.
Xerocoles such as the hare have large ears that help them keep cool: when the ears stand up, blood flow increases to the numerous vessels there and heat is dissipated. However, at , the Cape hare near Abu Dhabi, UAE sits in the shade and drapes its ears over itself, as erecting them in such weather would absorb more heat.
Desert animals have less fat than their non-desert counterparts, as fat would act as insulation, so retaining heat. What fat they do have is localized, such as in the camel's hump or the bison's neck. In terms of fur, however, desert animals have thick insulating coats that impede the conduction of heat towards the body. The coats are not uniformly distributed, but rather leave sparsely covered patches called "thermal windows" at the axilla, groin, scrotum, and mammary glands. Heat can be dissipated from thermal windows via convection and conduction.
Similarly, desert birds have less feathers on the underwing and flank – heat stress induces some birds to raise their wings, increasing the surface area of exposed skin. Birds adjust their feathers to create or dissipate an insulating layer, as typified by the ostrich. At high temperatures, the ostrich elevates its long dorsal feathers to create a barrier against solar radiation while allowing air to move across the skin's surface. In the cool nights, the feathers lower and interlock, trapping an insulating layer above the skin.
Burrows.
Most small xerocoles live in burrows to avoid the desert heat. The burrows act as microenvironments: when they are deeper than below the surface, they maintain humidity and temperatures between , regardless of external weather. Some animals seal their burrows to keep them moist.
Ectotherms also use burrows as a means to keep warm in the cold desert nights. As ectotherms are usually small and unable to store their own body heat, they quickly take on the external temperature of the environment, which necessitates controlled microenvironments. For example, while reptiles are able to operate at temperatures exceeding optima, they become sluggish when cold. As such, they spend their nights in burrows or crevices, where they create warm environments by quickly generating metabolic heat. Desert lizards usually use other animals' burrows to meet their purposes.
Circadian rhythms.
All desert rodents except ground squirrels and chipmunks are nocturnal. Amphibians are usually nocturnal as well, while many other xerocoles are diurnal, but reduce activity at midday and increase in the mornings and evenings. Some xerocoles change their activity patterns depending on the season: nocturnal ants, for example, become diurnal during colder periods.
Many xerocoles, especially rodents, estivate in the summer, becoming more dormant. Some desert amphibians estivate underground for over a year at a time. Unlike hibernation, which leads to a state of torpor, estivation induces lethargy, and can go unnoticed in some animals if their body temperature is not measured.
Protection from the sun.
Xerocoles are usually light and sandy in color as a means to reflect solar radiation and reduce heat absorption. Some change color with the seasons to reflect more sunlight in the summer: addaxes change from gray-brown to nearly white. Iguanid lizards can change color on a much smaller time scale by varying melanin concentration. They become darker when burrowing and lighter when basking – both the desert iguana and the zebra-tailed lizard become so pale that they appear to shine due to the amount of light they reflect.
Most desert lizards also have a black peritoneal lining in their abdominal cavity to absorb UV radiation and prevent it from damaging internal organs.
Shade under shrubbery provides resting spots for diurnal lizards, nesting sites for birds, as well as temporary oases for diurnal rodents, who skirt among shady spots. Large animals such as camels and carnivores also spend the hottest parts of the day under shade.
Protection from sand.
Desert animals such as the camel, addax, and kangaroo rat have large feet to prevent them from sinking in the sand. The fennec fox has extra fur on the soles of its feet to give it traction and protect it from the hot sand. Most animals in arid environments are slender with long legs, giving them the speed as they travel long distances for food and water.
The three main vulnerabilities against the sand are through the eyes, ears, and nose. To keep sand out of their eyes, xerocoles including reptiles and birds, and some amphibians and mammals have a nicitating membrane in their eyes: a third, transparent eyelid that protects the cornea from blowing sand and can dislodge it from the eye. Reptiles also have eyes the size of pinholes or protected by valves. To keep sand out of their ears, mammals such as the camel and the sand cat have long hairs protruding from them. The camel and the saiga antelope also have adaptations to protect their noses from sand: the former has narrow nostrils it can close, and the latter has a large nose with its nostrils set wide apart and far back to prevent sand from entering when grazing. Reptile diggers have nostrils that face upwards instead of forwards for the same reason.
Speed.
Xerocoles, having to travel long distances for food and water, are often adapted for speed, and have long limbs, feet that prevent them from sinking in the sand, and are overall slender in form. As there is little cover to protect them from predators, desert animals also use speed as a defense mechanism. For example, a desert jackrabbit can run much faster than a coyote; as such, "an ordinary wolf or coyote will not attempt to chase him, for they realize the hopelessness of it."

</doc>
<doc id="18588844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588844" title="List of football clubs in Iraq">
List of football clubs in Iraq


</doc>
<doc id="18588848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588848" title="Étienne Pierre Ventenat">
Étienne Pierre Ventenat

Étienne Pierre Ventenat (1 March 1757 – 13 August 1808) was a French botanist born in Limoges. He was the brother of naturalist Louis Ventenat (1765–1794). 
While employed as director of the ecclesiastic library Sainte-Geneviève in Paris, Ventenat took a trip to England. Here he investigated the country's botanical gardens, inspiring him to pursue a vocation in sciences. He later studied under and collaborated with botanist Charles Louis L'Héritier de Brutelle (1746–1800). In 1795 he was elected a member of the "Institut national des sciences et des arts", later known as the "Académie des sciences". 
In 1794 he wrote a treatise on the principles of botany titled "Principes de botanique, expliqués au Lycée républicain par Ventenat". After publication he became so disappointed with its mediocrity that he reportedly made efforts to procure all copies of the book and have them destroyed. In 1798 he published a French translation of Antoine-Laurent de Jussieu's "Genera plantarum" as "Tableau du règne végétal selon la méthode de Jussieu". In his translation of the work, Ventenat added information involving the properties and uses of plants.
In 1799 he published "Description des plantes nouvelles et peu connues, cultivées dans le jardin de J.-M. Cels", a work that described flora in the botanical garden of Jacques Philippe Martin Cels (1740–1806), and in 1803 he published "Le Jardin de la Malmaison", being written at the request of Joséphine de Beauharnais (1763–1814), who wished to immortalize the rare species of plants found in the gardens and greenhouses of Château de Malmaison. The illustrations in the two aforementioned works were performed by famed botanical artist Pierre-Joseph Redouté (1759–1840). Ventenat is also credited with continuing the work on Jean Baptiste François Pierre Bulliard's "Histoire des champignons de la France", a landmark work on mushrooms native to France.

</doc>
<doc id="18588850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588850" title="William Brand">
William Brand

Sir William Alfred Brand, CBE (22 August 1888 – 26 October 1979) was an Australian politician. Born in Childers, Queensland, he was educated at state schools before becoming a sugarcane grower. He was president of the Australian Sugar Growers Association. In 1920, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the Country Party member for Burrum Burrum, transferring to Isis in 1932. He was Deputy Leader of the Opposition from 1944 to 1947. He retired from the Assembly in 1950, but in 1954 was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wide Bay, which he held until his retirement in 1958. Brand was knighted in 1965. He died in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="18588862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588862" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 69 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 69 kg

The women's 69 kg weightlifting event was the fifth women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 69 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 13, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 12:30, and Group A, at 15:30. This event was the eighth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18588880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588880" title="Douglas Clyde Macintosh">
Douglas Clyde Macintosh

Douglas Clyde Macintosh (1877–1948) was a theologian who did his graduate work at the University of Chicago and then joined Yale in 1909, becoming an assistant professor of systematic theology. In 1916 he was named the Dwight Professor of Theology and later served as the chairman of the Religion Department from 1920 to 1938. He is also notable for a 1931 supreme court case. A decade and a half later in 1946 the Supreme court would overtun itself, ruling 5-3 against the "arms-bearing pledge." He alongside Henry Nelson Wieman, George Burman Foster, and Shailer Mathews is considered a shaper of "modernistic liberalism".
The W.W. I chaplain's chalice of former Yale University Dwight Professor of Theology Douglas Clyde Macintosh was given to the Yale Law School and accepted by Dean Harold Koh in September 2008 to honor the famous 1931 Supreme Court case, Macintosh v. United States,in which John W. Davis argued Professor Macintosh's right to "selective conscientious objection" in Macintosh's application as a Canadian for U.S. citizenship. http://www.law.yale.edu/news/8334.htm
Professor Macintosh's three quarter length portrait hangs in the Common Room of Yale Divinity School. It depicts him with his right hand toward a Bible opened to the commandment "Thou shalt have no other gods before me" and his left hand extended toward a bound volume of United States v. Macintosh, 1931. The portrait was painted in 1979 by New Haven artist Clarence Brodeur, past President of the Board of Trustees of the Fontainebleau Association, and editor the Fontainebleau School Alumni Bulletin.

</doc>
<doc id="18588882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588882" title="Charles P. B. Taylor">
Charles P. B. Taylor

Charles Plunket Bourchier Taylor (1935 - July 8, 1997) was a Canadian journalist, author, essayist, and thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder.
While studying at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario, Charles Taylor was part of the student broadcast team on CFRC, the campus radio station. He went on to work for Reuters news service in London, England from 1955 until 1962 when he joined the staff of "Globe and Mail" newspaper in Toronto. His career in journalism saw him become the paper's bureau chief in British Hong Kong, Peking, China, and London, England. He reported from numerous countries around the world, providing coverage of major events including the Vietnam War, the Nigerian Civil War, and the Arab–Israeli conflict. Taylor wrote "Reporter in Red China" (1966) and edited "China Hands" (1984), books based on experiences in the Far East. The author of four books and several plays, in later years he served as Chairman of the Writers' Union of Canada.
Following his death in 1997, his widow Noreen created the Charles Taylor Foundation whose work includes the funding of the Charles Taylor Prize, a $25,000 literary prize awarded annually since 2000 to the best Canadian work of literary non-fiction.
Thoroughbred horse racing.
The son of renowned horseman E. P. Taylor and brother to bookseller Judith Taylor Mappin, Charles Taylor took over the running of Windfields Farm in the early 1980s following his father's incapacitation from a stroke. A major horse breeding and racing operation based in Oshawa, Ontario, Windfields Farm also ran a breeding farm in Chesapeake City, Maryland. The Canadian farm is the birthplace of racing great and champion sire Northern Dancer, called by the National Thoroughbred Racing Association as "one of the most influential sires in Thoroughbred history."
In addition to breeding and racing horses, Charles Taylor played a significant role in North American Thoroughbred racing. He served as chairman of the Jockey Club of Canada, was a Trustee of the Ontario Jockey Club, and both a Provincial and National Director of the Canadian Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association. Taylor was also a founding director and Vice-President of Breeders' Cup Ltd., a Director of the Keeneland Association, and a member of The Jockey Club, the authority for all Thoroughbred horses in North America and Puerto Rico. Internationally, he was a member of the Royal Hong Kong Jockey Club.
In 1995 Charles Taylor earned the Sovereign Award of Merit, named for his late father, and in 1996 he was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in the Builders category.
Charles Taylor died from cancer in 1997 at age 62.

</doc>
<doc id="18588887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588887" title="Henry Bandidt">
Henry Bandidt

Henry Norman Charles Bandidt, MBE (12 December 1906 – 6 January 1990) was an Australian politician. Born near Galton, Queensland, he was educated at Ipswich Grammar School and the University of Queensland before becoming a solicitor in 1931. He was a dairy farmer, writer and lecturer, as well as an official with the Queensland branch of the Country Party. In 1958, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wide Bay. He was defeated in 1961. Bandidt died in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="18588902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588902" title="Stade des Minimes">
Stade des Minimes

Stade des Minines is a rugby league stadium in Toulouse, France. It is the home ground of Toulouse Olympique. Currently it has a capacity of 4066, including (2,000 seats). It is due to be expanded to reach a 10,000 capacity over the next two years. The renovation plans include the creation of a shop, a gym, and an administrative office for the club. The cost of the project is estimated to be 8 millions of euros.
During the 1978 Kangaroo tour the second of France's two victories over Australia was played at Stade des Minimes before a crowd of 6,500.

</doc>
<doc id="18588908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588908" title="Maysalun">
Maysalun

Maysalun () is a mountainous region in southwestern Syrian located on the eastern slopes of the Anti-Lebanon mountains about 12 kilometers west of Damascus, in the Rif Dimashq Governorate and has an altitude of about 1090 meters. The area is situated on the ancient route between Damascus and Lebanon and has long been famous for its "khans" and rest-stops. The closest town in the area is al-Dimas.
Maysalun is enshrined in Syrian history as the site where the Syrian minister of war, Yusuf al-Azma refused to give in to the French and English Colonial designs by putting up a fight. King Faisal of Syria decided not to fight the French and withdrew, eventually gaining a kingdom in Iraq. Azma decided otherwise and went ahead to fight the French even with the knowledge that his forces would be outnumbered and outgunned. The French entered Syria to impose their colonial ambitions and the artificial borders agreed upon by the Sykes-Picot agreement of 1917. The battle was a decisive French victory, which enabled them to march to Damascus and start dividing and colonizing Syria.

</doc>
<doc id="18588927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588927" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 75 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's 75 kg

The women's 75 kg weightlifting event was the sixth women's event at the weightlifting competition, with competitors limited to a maximum of 75 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 15 at 15:30. This event was the ninth Weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18588932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588932" title="Brendan Hansen (politician)">
Brendan Hansen (politician)

Brendan Percival Hansen, OAM (21 August 1922 – 19 December 1999) was an Australian politician. Born in Maryborough, Queensland, he was educated at Christian Brothers High School before becoming a shipwright loftsman and carpenter.
He was an official with the Federal Shipwrights and Ship Constructers Association and a Maryborough City Councillor before entering federal politics. In 1961, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Wide Bay, the first time Labor had won the seat since 1915. He held the seat until his defeat in 1974 by the Country Party's Clarrie Millar. He sought a rematch against Millar in 1975, but was heavily defeated. In 1977, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Maryborough, a position he held until 1983.
Death.
He died in 1999, aged 77, and, in January 2001, was posthumously awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia with the citation "For service to the community of Maryborough, particularly through the Maryborough and District Housing Action group and the Scouting movement".
Legacy.
Brendan Percival Hansen was honored with a park in his name in Granville and a government building, The Brendan Hansen Building, in Hervey Bay.
Family.
Brendan Hansen married Moira O'Sullivan in 1960 at St Mary's Catholic Church, Maryborough. Moira Hansen was a light opera singer who remains active in the city's arts community. They had eight children, including Mary Hansen (1966–2002), a singer/musician for the British band, Stereolab.

</doc>
<doc id="18588944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588944" title="Ingvild Stensland">
Ingvild Stensland

Ingvild Stensland (born 3 August 1981) is a Norwegian football player who plays for Stabæk FK in the Toppserien. She plays as a midfielder and is currently a member of the Norway women's national team having made her debut in 2003. She has also played in the French Division 1 and the Swedish Damallsvenskan for Olympique Lyon and Göteborg FC.
Career.
Stensland was born in Farsund in the south of Norway and grew up at nearby Lyngdal showing her talent for football at an early age. She grew up in a footballing family. Her father was a coach, while her older sisters played at Lyngdal IL. As a youth, Stensland trained with her male counterparts at Lyngdal until she reached her teens. She had a successful career with Lyngdal before starring for clubs such as FK Donn, Athene Moss, and Kolbotn in her home country Norway, Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC in Sweden, and Lyon in France. In 2005, Stensland was named the Toppserien Player of the Year. She has also been nominated for the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award on four occasions.
As a national team player, Stensland played in the 2005 European Championships guiding her team to a second-place finish after falling 3–1 to the Germans in the final. Since making her debut in 2003, Stensland has become a regular in the team appearing at the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, the 2008 Summer Olympics, UEFA Women's Euro 2009 and the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
At the beginning of 2009, Ingvild Stensland signed a contract with top French club, Olympique Lyonnaise. At about the same time she took over as captain of the national team, an appointment that was confirmed by the new chief trainer, Eli Landsem, at the end of 2009. In 2011 she returned to Göteborg, with whom she won the Svenska Cupen. After the end of the season she returned to Norway to play for Stabæk FK.

</doc>
<doc id="18588953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588953" title="True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet">
True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet

True Confessions of a Hollywood Starlet is a Lifetime Television comedy-drama film, based on a young-adult book of the same name by author Lola Douglas. The film stars Joanna "JoJo" Levesque and Golden Globe Award winner Valerie Bertinelli. The film was directed by Tim Matheson. It premiered on August 9, 2008 on Lifetime.
Plot.
Teen actress Morgan Carter (Joanna "JoJo" Levesque) is a Hollywood princess, until the day that her hard-partying ways get the best of her. After she collapses outside of a Hollywood nightclub, Morgan's mother (Lynda Boyd) sends her to live in the wilds of Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her Aunt Trudy (Valerie Bertinelli). Morgan is camouflaged into Claudia Miller and given a new hairstyle, and suddenly, Morgan, albeit unwillingly, blends in with her peers who don't own televisions or read magazines.
With a new appearance and deprived comforts (i.e., money) Morgan enters a suburban high school with a bad attitude. At first she didn't fit in with anyone, until she meets "cute guy" Eli and they became friends. Eli introduces Claudia to his sister and her friends. Morgan takes a liking to Emily, Eli's sister, and they become good friends. Emily invites Morgan to a sleepover where Debbie, who likes Eli, tells her to stay away from him. Morgan is upset so she leaves early, without telling Emily. When she gets home she drinks a bottle of vodka that she found in the cupboard. The next day when Eli comes over to tutor Morgan and she, wanting desperately to capture Eli's attention, makes up a story about her father, borrowing a plot from one of her movies. Eli is worried, as Morgan drastically exaggerated and added several negative details about her supposed "father", telling Morgan to alert him if he shows up. Eli asks Morgan on a date (partly out of pity) to the fair and she happily accepts. Morgan's best friend from when she was in Hollywood, Marissa, comes to visit her in Indiana, where they go to a club. Morgan goes to the fair with Eli and Morgan begins liking him more. Everything was going great until Debbie tries to blackmail Morgan. The paparazzi finds out where she is and leak the story so she sneaks to Eli's house to apologize for lying, both about her father and about not being Claudia. Eli is upset at the deception, but in the end he forgives her and they drive away on his motorcycle.
Pop culture references.
The film makes references to several teen films, television dramas, and reality shows such as "Mean Girls", "Die Hard", "Legally Blonde", "Bring it On", "Monster Garage", "The Surreal Life", and "Grey's Anatomy". Also referenced in the film are Lindsay Lohan, Perez Hilton, Britney Spears, Sarah Michelle Gellar and Oscar-winning directors Steven Spielberg, Quentin Tarantino and Steven Soderbergh. The song that plays at the beginning is "My World" by Emigrate.

</doc>
<doc id="18588968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588968" title="John Victor Sorsoleil">
John Victor Sorsoleil

Captain John Victor Sorsoleil MC (2 June 1898 –1956) was a Canadian First World War flying ace, officially credited with 14 victories.
World War I.
Effective 13 October 1917, probationary Temporary Second Lieutenant J. V. Solsoleil was confirmed in his rank. From November 1917 to July 1918, he flew a Royal Aircraft Factory SE.5a for 84 Squadron. He did not score his first victory until 13 January 1918, when he shot down the only two-seater reconnaissance plane that would ever fall before his guns. Over the next five months, he would accumulate triumphs over 13 German fighters, with his last win on 27 June 1918. He would then be withdrawn to England to instructor duty until war's end.
The final summary of his victories would be three German fighter planes set on fire, six others otherwise destroyed, and five German planes sent down out of control; one of the latter was shared with Carl Frederick Falkenberg.
Post World War I.
After Sorsoleil's return to Canada, he was successful in business. During World War II, he joined the Royal Canadian Air Force. He died on Sept. 4, 1956.
Text of citations.
Military Cross.
"T./2nd Lt. Jack Victor Sorsoleil, Gen. List, and R.F.C.
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. While on patrol with three other scouts he engaged a hostile formation of ten scouts, driving one of these down. While climbing to rejoin his patrol he was attacked by an enemy scout, upon which he opened fire at close range, bringing it down spinning, with the result that it crashed to earth. He has also driven down one enemy machine in flames, and sent another crashing to earth, where it was destroyed. His gallantry and skill have been most conspicuous."

</doc>
<doc id="18588970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588970" title="Teagarden">
Teagarden

Teagarden is an English surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18588977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588977" title="Clarrie Millar">
Clarrie Millar

Percival Clarence "Clarrie" Millar, AM (born 15 June 1925) was an Australian politician. Born in Adelaide, he served in the military 1943-1946 before becoming a public servant, and then a farmer. In 1974, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Country Party member for Wide Bay in Queensland. He retired in 1990. Together with Labor's Tom Uren, Millar was the last World War II veteran to serve in the House.

</doc>
<doc id="18588982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588982" title="Royal Palace (horse)">
Royal Palace (horse)

Royal Palace (1964–1991) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from June 1966 until July 1968 he ran eleven times and won nine races. After being rated the best English-trained two-year-old of 1966, he won the first two legs of the Triple Crown, the 2000 Guineas and the Epsom Derby in 1967. He returned for an unbeaten four-year-old season in 1968 when he won four races which are now Group One events.
Background.
Royal Palace was a dark-coated bay horse with a white star and one white foot, bred and raced by Jim Joel, whose father and uncle were both major forces in British horse racing. He was sired by Ballymoss, the leading European racehorse of 1958 and a grandson of one of the most influential stallions in history, Nearco. His dam Crystal Palace was a successful racemare who won the Falmouth Stakes and the Nassau Stakes in 1959. She was also an important broodmare, producing Prince Consort (Princess of Wales's Stakes), Selhurst, (Hardwicke Stakes) and Glass Slipper, the dam of the Classic winners Light Cavalry, (St. Leger Stakes) and Fairy Footsteps, 1000 Guineas. Joel sent the colt into training with Noel Murless at his Warren Place stables in Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career.
1966:two-year-old season.
Royal Palace made his first racecourse appearance in the Coventry Stakes over six furlongs at Royal Ascot in June. He showed good early speed before finishing unplaced behind the Irish colt Bold Lad. After a break of two months, Royal Palace reappeared at the Ebor meeting at York Racecourse, where he won the Acomb Stakes. On his final run of the year, the colt returned to Ascot for the Royal Lodge Stakes over one mile. He was left behind at the start and was still in last place on the final turn, but then quickened past his opponents to win by one and a half lengths from Slip Stitch. In the Free Handicap, an assessment of the year's best two-year-olds, Royal Palace was ranked second, three pounds below Bold Lad.
1967:three-year-old season.
Royal Palace made his three-year-old debut in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket, for which he started 100/30 joint-favourite with Bold Lad in a field of eighteen runners. He was not impressive in the paddock before the race, as he appeared to be agitated and was sweating freely. Ridden by the Australian Racing Hall of Fame jockey George Moore, he challenged for the lead in the final quarter mile and won by a short head from the French-trained colt Taj Dewan. The race was the first British Classic to use starting stalls. The victory was reportedly well-received owing to the popularity of Jim Joel, who was winning his first classic since Royal Palace's great-grandam Picture Play won the 1000 Guineas in 1944. At Epsom Downs Racecourse on 7 June, Royal Palace started 7/4 favourite for the Derby. An unusual feature of the build-up to the race was the huge public gamble on the outsider El Mighty, who was backed from odds of 200/1 to 25/1 after a Peterborough shopkeeper claimed to have seen the horse winning in a dream. El Mighty led the field into the straight, but Royal Palace was always well placed and took the lead two furlongs from the finish. He won by two and a half lengths, defeating Charles Engelhard, Jr.'s, Ribocco with Dart Board two lengths further back in third.
Having won the first two legs of the Triple Crown, Royal Palace missed the important summer championship races to be prepared for the St Leger at Doncaster Racecourse. In August he sustained an injury which forced him to miss his trial race in the Great Voltigeur Stakes at York. He fell behind in his preparation and worked badly a week before the St Leger, leading his connections to withdraw him from the race. He returned for the Champion Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket in October, but failed to reproduce his best form, finishing third behind Reform and Taj Dewan.
1968:four-year-old season.
In 1968 the teenager Sandy Barclay replaced Moore and Royal Palace was undefeated in five races. He began by winning the Coronation Stakes at Sandown in May. He then won the Coronation Cup at Epsom and the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Royal Ascot.
In July, returned to Sandown for an exceptionally strong renewal of the Eclipse Stakes, in which his opponents included Taj Dewan and the 1968 Derby winner Sir Ivor, who started the 4/5 favourite. The race has been compared to the 1903 Eclipse, in which the Derby winners Ard Patrick and Rock Sand were opposed by the outstanding racemare Sceptre. Taj Dewan took the lead in the straight, and although Royal Palace produced a strong finish he appeared to have narrowly failed to catch the leader. The photo-finish, however, revealed that he had prevailed by a short-head from Taj Dewan, with Sir Ivor in three-quarters of a length behind in third. The race was rated forty-eighth in the Racing Post's 2005 listing of the "100 Greatest Races". On his final start, Royal Palace contested the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot. His main rival was expected to be Ribero, who had defeated Sir Ivor in the Irish Derby. In the straight Royal Palace sustained an injury to the suspensory ligament in his left foreleg, but stayed on to win by half a length from Felicio, with the future Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Topyo in third and Ribero fourth. The injury ended his racing career and he was retired to stud.
Assessment and honours.
Despite his successes, Royal Palace was never voted British Horse of the Year, being beaten by Busted in 1967 and Sir Ivor in 1968. He was given a relatively modest Timeform rating of 131.
Stud career.
As a stallion, Royal Palace was owned jointly by Jim Joel, Hon. Lady Macdonald-Buchanan, and Lord Howard de Walden. Royal Palace sired some good winners, but his overall record was disappointing. His best flat runner was Dunfermline, winner of the 1977 Epsom Oaks and St. Leger Stakes for her owner, Queen Elizabeth II. Royal Palace later sired the triple Champion Hurdler, See You Then.
In 1991, at The National Stud near Newmarket, Suffolk in England, the twenty-seven-year-old Royal Palace was euthanized as a result of infirmities from old age. He is buried in The National Stud's horse cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18588987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588987" title="David Henry (businessman)">
David Henry (businessman)

Sir David Henry, KBE (24 November 1888 - 20 August 1963) was a Scottish-born New Zealand industrialist, company director, and philanthropist.
Henry was born at Juniper Green, Midlothian, Scotland. His father, Robert Henry, was a sawmiller and on leaving school, David worked as a clerk in the Mossy Paper Mill at Colinton while attending night classes in Edinburgh, possibly at Heriot-Watt College. 
Indifferent health prompted him to emigrate to New Zealand in 1907. He worked for the Government Printer in Wellington for a brief time before moving to Christchurch, where he founded an engineering business. When the business failed he shifted to Auckland to start afresh.
He married Mary Castleton Osborne on 28 April 1915 and began working for another engineering and patents company owned by S. Oldfield and D. B. Hutton. By August of the same year, he had bought into the firm, and it was renamed Oldfield & Henry. Within four years he owned the organisation outright and it became known as D. Henry & Co. Henry expanded the business into a profitable small-scale plumbing manufacturer and supplier. 
Henry's New Zealand cousins (see Henry Family of New Zealand) had been involved in the fledgingly timbermilling industry since their arrival in New Zealand in the 1870s and in 1936 he was to play a pivotal role in the consolidation of the New Zealand timber industry through his involvement in the merger of his extended family's milling business with the afforestation company, New Zealand Perpetual Forests (a large bond selling company that had established of timber plantations, but had gone bankrupt). Henry struck a hard bargain in purchasing the New Zealand Perpetual Forests assets and was made the chairman and managing director of the new company for his efforts. This new company was New Zealand Forest Products, which remained New Zealand's largest industrial concern and largest company until the privatisation of Telecom New Zealand in the 1990s.
In assuming the role of New Zealand's pre-eminent industrialist, Henry was concerned with developing the future utilisation of the company’s forests. Sawmill technology for handling Pinus radiata, and the commercial manufacture of pulp and paper from this species, was reasonably undeveloped worldwide. He travelled extensively throughout the United States and Europe to find the newest processing technology and fought a protracted battle with the New Zealand Government to overcome bureaucracy. 
He was successful in convincing the government of the benefits of the company's industrialisation and in 1941 opened the first large-scale sawmill and insulating board plant at Penrose, Auckland. 
Henry also clashed with the government over its plans to nationalise the New Zealand timber industry to create an integrated state sector forest and timber manufacturing company. This battle continued until the election of a National Government in 1949.
In 1943 Sir David chose a mill site near Tokoroa, near the company’s forest plantations. He built Kinleith Mill (after a paper mill in Scotland), which was to become famous as New Zealand's largest industrial processing complex. Kinleith manufactured the first commercially produced kraft pulp in New Zealand in 1953. It was the culmination of 17 years of effort by Henry.
In 1954 he was made a KBE for his services to the New Zealand exotic timber industry. 
Henry was very involved in the community. He used his business success in Auckland to become increasingly involved with a wide range of organisations, including the Rotary Club of Auckland, the Boy Scouts’ Association, the Young Men's Christian Association (YMCA), the Auckland Manufacturers’ Association (eventually becoming national president), and he sat as an elected councillor on the Auckland City Council (from 1931–33). He was also well known for his philanthropy, endowing a forestry scholarship bearing his name in 1956 to provide overseas training for employees of New Zealand Forest Products. He also established a substantial trust for the Auckland Presbyterian Orphanages and Social Service Association (now known as Presbyterian Support). 
His wife died in 1954, but the next year, Sir David (aged 67) married Dorothy May Osborne, the younger sister of his first wife. 
Even at the age of 67, Sir David showed no interest in retiring as Chairman of New Zealand Forest Products. He continued to battle the government over industry licensing, but alarmingly also began to display increasingly erratic behaviour. This is evidenced by his conduct in 1958 when he encouraged the British pulp and paper giant Bowater Paper Corporation to make an unsuccessful takeover for New Zealand Forest Products, and he began to make uncharacteristically rash statements to the national press. Despite being ill with a heart condition, Henry continued to be active at the company, holding many meetings at his Remuera residence, during which he was known to lash out verbally.
In his history of New Zealand Forest Products, titled "A Hundred Million Trees", Brian Healy said "Sir David Henry lacked warmth and humour in his working relations and tended to be abrupt and demanding with his subordinates. Yet he was a fluent and persuasive speaker whose self-assurance, business acumen and tenacity were vital in enabling New Zealand Forest Products to overcome enormous barriers and to develop into one of the country’s largest industrial enterprises."

</doc>
<doc id="18588994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18588994" title="Usenet">
Usenet

Usenet is a worldwide distributed Internet discussion system. It was developed from the general purpose UUCP dial-up network architecture. Duke University graduate students Tom Truscott and Jim Ellis conceived the idea in 1979 and it was established in 1980. Users read and post messages (called "articles" or "posts", and collectively termed "news") to one or more categories, known as newsgroups. Usenet resembles a bulletin board system (BBS) in many respects, and is the precursor to Internet forums that are widely used today. Usenet can be superficially regarded as a hybrid between email and web forums. Discussions are threaded, as with web forums and BBSes, though posts are stored on the server sequentially.
One notable difference between a BBS or web forum and Usenet is the absence of a central server and dedicated administrator. Usenet is distributed among a large, constantly changing conglomeration of servers that store and forward messages to one another in so-called news feeds. Individual users may read messages from and post messages to a local server operated by a commercial usenet provider, their Internet service provider, university, employer, or their own server.
Introduction.
Usenet is one of the oldest computer network communications systems still in widespread use. It was conceived in 1979 and publicly established in 1980 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Duke University, over a decade before the World Wide Web was developed and the general public received access to the Internet. It was originally built on the "poor man's ARPANET," employing UUCP as its transport protocol to offer mail and file transfers, as well as announcements through the newly developed news software such as A News. The name Usenet emphasized its creators' hope that the USENIX organization would take an active role in its operation.
The articles that users post to Usenet are organized into topical categories called newsgroups, which are themselves logically organized into hierarchies of subjects. For instance, sci.math and sci.physics are within the sci.* hierarchy, for science. Or, talk.origins, and talk.atheism are in the talk.* hierarchy. When a user subscribes to a newsgroup, the news client software keeps track of which articles that user has read.
In most newsgroups, the majority of the articles are responses to some other article. The set of articles which can be traced to one single non-reply article is called a thread. Most modern newsreaders display the articles arranged into threads and subthreads.
When a user posts an article, it is initially only available on that user's news server. Each news server talks to one or more other servers (its "newsfeeds") and exchanges articles with them. In this fashion, the article is copied from server to server and should eventually reach every server in the network. The later peer-to-peer networks operate on a similar principle; but for Usenet it is normally the sender, rather than the receiver, who initiates transfers. Some have noted that this seems an inefficient protocol in the era of abundant high-speed network access. Usenet was designed under conditions when networks were much slower, and not always available. Many sites on the original Usenet network would connect only once or twice a day to batch-transfer messages in and out. This is largely because the POTS (telephone) network was typically used for transfers, and phone charges were lower at night.
Usenet has significant cultural importance in the networked world, having given rise to, or popularized, many widely recognized concepts and terms such as "FAQ" and "spam".
The format and transmission of Usenet articles is similar to that of Internet e-mail messages. The difference between the two is that Usenet articles can be read by any user whose news server carries the group to which the message was posted, as opposed to email messages which have one or more specific recipients.
Today, Usenet has diminished in importance with respect to Internet forums, blogs and mailing lists. Usenet differs from such media in several ways: Usenet requires no personal registration with the group concerned; information need not be stored on a remote server; archives are always available; and reading the messages requires not a mail or web client, but a news client. The groups in codice_1 are still widely used for data transfer.
ISPs, news servers, and newsfeeds.
Many Internet service providers, and many other Internet sites, operate news servers for their users to access. ISPs that do not operate their own servers directly will often offer their users an account from another provider that specifically operates newsfeeds. In early news implementations, the server and newsreader were a single program suite, running on the same system. Today, one uses separate newsreader client software, a program that resembles an email client but accesses Usenet servers instead. Some clients such as Mozilla Thunderbird and Outlook Express provide both abilities.
Not all ISPs run news servers. A news server is one of the most difficult Internet services to administer well because of the large amount of data involved, small customer base (compared to mainstream Internet services such as email and web access), and a disproportionately high volume of customer support incidents (frequently complaining of missing news articles that are not the ISP's fault). Some ISPs outsource news operation to specialist sites, which will usually appear to a user as though the ISP ran the server itself. Many sites carry a restricted newsfeed, with a limited number of newsgroups. Commonly omitted from such a newsfeed are foreign-language newsgroups and the alt.binaries hierarchy which largely carries software, music, videos and images, and accounts for over 99 percent of article data.
There are also Usenet providers that specialize in offering service to users whose ISPs do not carry news, or that carry a restricted feed.
See also news server operation for an overview of how news systems are implemented.
Newsreaders.
Newsgroups are typically accessed with newsreaders: applications that allow users to read and reply to postings in newsgroups. These applications act as clients to one or more news servers. Although historically, Usenet was associated with the Unix operating system developed at AT&T, newsreaders are available for all major operating systems. Modern mail clients or "communication suites" commonly also have an integrated newsreader. Often, however, these integrated clients are of low quality, compared to standalone newsreaders, and incorrectly implement Usenet protocols, standards and conventions. Many of these integrated clients, for example the one in Microsoft's Outlook Express, are disliked by purists because of their misbehavior.
With the rise of the World Wide Web (WWW), web front-ends (web2news) have become more common. Web front ends have lowered the technical entry barrier requirements to that of one application and no Usenet NNTP server account. There are numerous websites now offering web based gateways to Usenet groups, although some people have begun filtering messages made by some of the web interfaces for one reason or another. Google Groups is one such web based front end and some web browsers can access Google Groups via news: protocol links directly.
Moderated and unmoderated newsgroups.
A minority of newsgroups are moderated, meaning that messages submitted by readers are not distributed directly to Usenet, but instead are emailed to the moderators of the newsgroup for approval. The moderator is to receive submitted articles, review them, and inject approved articles so that they can be properly propagated worldwide. Articles approved by a moderator must bear the Approved: header line. Moderators ensure that the messages that readers see in the newsgroup conform to the charter of the newsgroup, though they are not required to follow any such rules or guidelines. Typically, moderators are appointed in the proposal for the newsgroup, and changes of moderators follow a succession plan.
Historically, a mod.* hierarchy existed before Usenet reorganization. Now, moderated newsgroups may appear in any hierarchy.
Usenet newsgroups in the Big-8 hierarchy are created by proposals called a Request for Discussion, or RFD. The RFD is required to have the following information: newsgroup name, checkgroups file entry, and moderated or unmoderated status. If the group is to be moderated, then at least one moderator with a valid email address must be provided. Other information which is beneficial but not required includes: a charter, a rationale, and a moderation policy if the group is to be moderated. Discussion of the new newsgroup proposal follows, and is finished with the members of the Big-8 Management Board making the decision, by vote, to either approve or disapprove the new newsgroup.
Unmoderated newsgroups form the majority of Usenet newsgroups, and messages submitted by readers for unmoderated newsgroups are immediately propagated for everyone to see. Minimal editorial content filtering vs propagation speed form one crux of the Usenet community. One little cited defense of propagation is canceling a propagated message, but few Usenet users use this command and some news readers do not offer cancellation commands, in part because article storage expires in relatively short order anyway.
Creation of moderated newsgroups often becomes a hot subject of controversy, raising issues regarding censorship and the desire of a subset of users to form an intentional community.
Technical details.
Usenet is a set of protocols for generating, storing and retrieving news "articles" (which resemble Internet mail messages) and for exchanging them among a readership which is potentially widely distributed. These protocols most commonly use a flooding algorithm which propagates copies throughout a network of participating servers. Whenever a message reaches a server, that server forwards the message to all its network neighbors that haven't yet seen the article. Only one copy of a message is stored per server, and each server makes it available on demand to the (typically local) readers able to access that server. The collection of Usenet servers has thus a certain peer-to-peer character in that they share resources by exchanging them, the granularity of exchange however is on a different scale than a modern peer-to-peer system and this characteristic excludes the actual users of the system who connect to the news servers with a typical client-server application, much like an email reader.
RFC 850 was the first formal specification of the messages exchanged by Usenet servers. It was superseded by RFC 1036 and subsequently by RFC 5536 and RFC 5537.
In cases where unsuitable content has been posted, Usenet has support for automated removal of a posting from the whole network by creating a cancel message, although due to a lack of authentication and resultant abuse, this capability is frequently disabled. Copyright holders may still request the manual deletion of infringing material using the provisions of World Intellectual Property Organization treaty implementations, such as the United States Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act.
On the Internet, Usenet is transported via the Network News Transfer Protocol (NNTP) on TCP Port 119 for standard, unprotected connections and on TCP port 563 for SSL encrypted connections which is offered only by a few sites.
Organization.
The major set of worldwide newsgroups is contained within nine hierarchies, eight of which are operated under consensual guidelines that govern their administration and naming. The current "Big Eight" are:
See also the Great Renaming.
The alt.* hierarchy is not subject to the procedures controlling groups in the Big Eight, and it is as a result less organized. Groups in the alt.* hierarchy tend to be more specialized or specific—for example, there might be a newsgroup under the Big Eight which contains discussions about children's books, but a group in the alt hierarchy may be dedicated to one specific author of children's books. Binaries are posted in alt.binaries.*, making it the largest of all the hierarchies.
Many other hierarchies of newsgroups are distributed alongside these. Regional and language-specific hierarchies such as ".*", ".*" and "ne.*" serve specific countries and regions such as Japan, Malta and New England. Companies and projects administer their own hierarchies to discuss their products and offer community technical support, such as the historical ".*" hierarchy from the Free Software Foundation. Microsoft closed its newsserver in June 2010, providing support for its products over forums now. Some users prefer to use the term "Usenet" to refer only to the Big Eight hierarchies; others include alt as well. The more general term "netnews" incorporates the entire medium, including private organizational news systems.
Informal sub-hierarchy conventions also exist. *.answers are typically moderated cross-post groups for FAQs. An FAQ would be posted within one group and a cross post to the *.answers group at the head of the hierarchy seen by some as a refining of information in that news group. Some subgroups are recursive—to the point of some silliness in alt.*.
Binary content.
Usenet was originally created to distribute text content encoded in the 7-bit ASCII character set. With the help of programs that encode 8-bit values into ASCII, it became practical to distribute binary files as content. Binary posts, due to their size and often-dubious copyright status, were in time restricted to specific newsgroups, making it easier for administrators to allow or disallow the traffic.
The oldest widely used encoding method for binary content is uuencode, from the Unix UUCP package. In the late 1980s, Usenet articles were often limited to 60,000 characters, and larger hard limits exist today. Files are therefore commonly split into sections that require reassembly by the reader.
With the header extensions and the Base64 and Quoted-Printable MIME encodings, there was a new generation of binary transport. In practice, MIME has seen increased adoption in text messages, but it is avoided for most binary attachments. Some operating systems with metadata attached to files use specialized encoding formats. For Mac OS, both Binhex and special MIME types are used.
Other lesser known encoding systems that may have been used at one time were BTOA, XX encoding, BOO, and USR encoding.
In an attempt to reduce file transfer times, an informal file encoding known as yEnc was introduced in 2001. It achieves about a 30% reduction in data transferred by assuming that most 8-bit characters can safely be transferred across the network without first encoding into the 7-bit ASCII space.
The most common method of uploading large binary posts to Usenet is to convert the files into RAR archives and create Parchive files for them. Parity files are used to recreate missing data when not every part of the files reaches a server.
Binary retention time.
Each newsgroup is generally allocated a certain amount of storage space for post content. When this storage has been filled, each time a new post arrives, old posts are deleted to make room for the new content. If the network bandwidth available to a server is high but the storage allocation is small, it is possible for a huge flood of incoming content to overflow the allocation and push out everything that was in the group before it. If the flood is large enough, the beginning of the flood will begin to be deleted even before the last part of the flood has been posted.
Binary newsgroups are only able to function reliably if there is sufficient storage allocated to a group to allow readers enough time to download all parts of a binary posting before it is flushed out of the group's storage allocation. This was at one time how posting of undesired content was countered; the newsgroup would be flooded with random garbage data posts, of sufficient quantity to push out all the content to be suppressed. This has been compensated by service providers allocating enough storage to retain everything posted each day, including such spam floods, without deleting anything.
The average length of time that posts are able to stay in the group before being deleted is commonly called the "retention time". Generally the larger Usenet servers have enough capacity to archive several years of binary content even when flooded with new data at the maximum daily speed available. A good binaries service provider must not only accommodate users of fast connections (3 megabit) but also users of slow connections (256 kilobit or less) who need more time to download content over a period of several days or weeks.
Major NSPs have a retention time of more than 4 years.
This results in more than 9 petabytes (9000 terabytes) of storage.
In part because of such long retention times, as well as growing Internet upload speeds, Usenet is also used by individual users to store backup data in a practice called "Usenet backup", or uBackup. While commercial providers offer more easy to use online backup services, storing data on Usenet is free of charge (although access to Usenet itself may not be). The method requires the user to manually select, prepare and upload the data. Because anyone can potentially download the backup files, the data is typically encrypted. After the files are uploaded, the uploader does not have any control over them; the files are automatically copied to all Usenet providers, so there will be multiple copies of it spread over different geographical locations around the world—desirable in a backup scheme.
Legal issues.
While binary newsgroups can be used to distribute completely legal user-created works, open-source software, and public domain material, some binary groups are used to illegally distribute commercial software, copyrighted media, and obscene material.
ISP-operated Usenet servers frequently block access to all "alt.binaries.*" groups to both reduce network traffic and to avoid related legal issues. Commercial Usenet service providers claim to operate as a telecommunications service, and assert that they are not responsible for the user-posted binary content transferred via their equipment. In the United States, Usenet providers can qualify for protection under the DMCA Safe Harbor regulations, provided that they establish a mechanism to comply with and respond to takedown notices from copyright holders.
Removal of copyrighted content from the entire Usenet network is a nearly impossible task, due to the rapid propagation between servers and the retention done by each server. Petitioning a Usenet provider for removal only removes it from that one server's retention cache, but not any others. It is possible for a special "post cancellation" message to be distributed to remove it from all servers, but many providers ignore cancel messages by standard policy, because they can be easily falsified and submitted by anyone. For a takedown petition to be most effective across the whole network, it would have to be issued to the origin server to which the content has been posted, before it has been propagated to other servers. Removal of the content at this early stage would prevent further propagation, but with modern high speed links, content can be propagated as fast as it arrives, allowing no time for content review and takedown issuance by copyright holders.
Establishing the identity of the person posting illegal content is equally difficult due to the trust-based design of the network. Like SMTP email, servers generally assume the header and origin information in a post is true and accurate. However, as in SMTP email, Usenet post headers are easily falsified so as to obscure the true identity and location of the message source. In this manner, Usenet is significantly different from modern P2P services; most P2P users distributing content are typically immediately identifiable to all other users by their network address, but the origin information for a Usenet posting can be completely obscured and unobtainable once it has propagated past the original server.
Also unlike modern P2P services, the identity of the downloaders is hidden from view. On P2P services a downloader is identifiable to all others by their network address. On Usenet, the downloader connects directly to a server, and only the server knows the address of who is connecting to it. Some Usenet providers do keep usage logs, but not all make this logged information casually available to outside parties such as the Recording Industry Association of America. The existence of anonymising gateways to USENET also complicates the tracing of a postings true origin.
History.
UUCP/Usenet Logical Map, original by Steven McGeady. Copyright© 1981, 1996
Bruce Jones, Henry Spencer, David Wiseman. Copied with permission from
"The Usenet Oldnews Archive: Compilation".
Newsgroup experiments first occurred in 1979. Tom Truscott and Jim Ellis of Duke University came up with the idea as a replacement for a local announcement program, and established a link with nearby University of North Carolina using Bourne shell scripts written by Steve Bellovin. The public release of news was in the form of conventional compiled software, written by Steve Daniel and Truscott. In 1980, Usenet was connected to ARPANET through which had connections to both Usenet and ARPANET. Michael Horton, the graduate student that set up the connection, began “feeding mailing lists from the ARPANET into Usenet” with the “fa” identifier. As a result, the number of people on Usenet increased dramatically; however, it was still a while longer before Usenet users could contribute to ARPANET. After 32 years, the Usenet news service link at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (news.unc.edu) was finally retired on February 4, 2011.
Network.
UUCP networks spread quickly due to the lower costs involved, and the ability to use existing leased lines, X.25 links or even ARPANET connections. By 1983, the number of UUCP hosts had grown to 550, nearly doubling to 940 in 1984.
As the mesh of UUCP hosts rapidly expanded, it became desirable to distinguish the Usenet subset from the overall network. A vote was taken at the 1982 USENIX conference to choose a new name. The name Usenet was retained, but it was established that it only applied to news. The name UUCPNET became the common name for the overall network.
In addition to UUCP, early Usenet traffic was also exchanged with Fidonet and other dial-up BBS networks. Widespread use of Usenet by the BBS community was facilitated by the introduction of UUCP feeds made possible by MS-DOS implementations of UUCP, such as UFGATE (UUCP to FidoNet Gateway), FSUUCP and UUPC. In 1986, RFC 977 provided the Network News Transfer Protocol (NNTP) specification for distribution of Usenet articles over TCP/IP as a more flexible alternative to informal Internet transfers of UUCP traffic. Since the Internet boom of the 1990s, almost all Usenet distribution is over NNTP.
Software.
Early versions of Usenet used Duke's A News software. Soon, at UC Berkeley, Matt Glickman and Mark Horton produced an improved version called B News. With a message format that offered compatibility with Internet mail and improved performance, it became the dominant server software. C News, developed by Geoff Collyer and Henry Spencer at the University of Toronto, was comparable to B News in features but offered considerably faster processing. In the early 1990s, InterNetNews by Rich Salz was developed to take advantage of the continuous message flow made possible by NNTP versus the batched store-and-forward design of UUCP. Since that time INN development has continued, and other news server software has also been developed.
Public venue.
Usenet was the initial Internet community and the place for many of the most important public developments in the commercial Internet. It was the place where Tim Berners-Lee announced the launch of the World Wide Web, where Linus Torvalds announced the Linux project, and where Marc Andreessen announced the creation of the Mosaic browser and the introduction of the image tag, which revolutionized the World Wide Web by turning it into a graphical medium.
Internet jargon and history.
Many jargon terms now in common use on the Internet originated or were popularized on Usenet. Likewise, many conflicts which later spread to the rest of the Internet, such as the ongoing difficulties over spamming, began on Usenet.<br>
Decline in growth rate.
Sascha Segan of "PC Magazine" said in 2008 "Usenet has been dying for years". Segan said that some people pointed to the Eternal September in 1993 as the beginning of Usenet's decline. Segan said that the "eye candy" on the World Wide Web and the marketing funds spent by owners of websites convinced Internet users to use profit-making websites instead of Usenet servers. In addition, DejaNews and Google Groups made conversations searchable, and Segan said that this removed the obscurity of previously obscure Internet groups on Usenet. Segan explained that when pornographers and software pirates began putting large files on Usenet by the late 1990s, Usenet disk space and traffic increased correspondingly. Internet service providers allocated space to Usenet libraries, and Internet service providers questioned why they needed to host space for pornography and pirated software. Segan said that the hosting of porn and pirated software was "likely when Usenet became truly doomed" and "t's the porn that's putting nails in Usenet's coffin". AOL discontinued Usenet access in 2005. When the State of New York opened an investigation on child pornographers who used Usenet, many ISPs dropped all Usenet access or access to the "alt."* hierarchy. Segan concluded "It's hard to completely kill off something as totally decentralized as Usenet; as long as two servers agree to share the NNTP protocol, it'll continue on in some fashion. But the Usenet I mourn is long gone".
In response, John Biggs of TechCrunch said "Is Usenet dead, as Sascha posits? I don't think so. As long as there are folks who think a command line is better than a mouse, the original text-only social network will live on". Biggs added that while many Internet service providers terminated access, "the real pros know where to go to get their angst-filled, nit-picking, obsessive fix".
In May 2010, Duke University, whose implementation had kicked off Usenet more than 30 years earlier, decommissioned its Usenet server, citing low usage and rising costs.
Usenet traffic changes.
Over time, the amount of Usenet traffic has steadily increased. the number of all text posts made in all Big-8 newsgroups averaged 1,800 new messages every hour, with an average of 25,000 messages per day. However, these averages are minuscule in comparison to the traffic in the binary groups. Much of this traffic increase reflects not an increase in discrete users or newsgroup discussions, but instead the combination of massive automated spamming and an increase in the use of ".binaries" newsgroups in which large files are often posted publicly. A small sampling of the change (measured in feed size per day) follows:
In 2008, Verizon Communications, Time Warner Cable and Sprint Nextel signed an agreement with Attorney General of New York Andrew Cuomo to shut down access to sources of child pornography. Time Warner Cable stopped offering access to Usenet. Verizon reduced its access to the "Big 8" hierarchies. Sprint stopped access to the alt.* hierarchies. AT&T stopped access to the alt.binaries.* hierarchies. Cuomo never specifically named Usenet in his anti-child pornography campaign. David DeJean of "PC World" said that some worry that the ISPs used Cuomo's campaign as an excuse to end portions of Usenet access, as it is costly for the Internet service providers and not in high demand by customers. In 2008 AOL, which no longer offered Usenet access, and the four providers that responded to the Cuomo campaign were the five largest Internet service providers in the United States; they had more than 50% of the U.S. ISP marketshare. On June 8, 2009, AT&T announced that it would no longer provide access to the Usenet service as of July 15, 2009.
AOL announced that it would discontinue its integrated Usenet service in early 2005, citing the growing popularity of weblogs, chat forums and on-line conferencing. The AOL community had a tremendous role in popularizing Usenet some 11 years earlier.
In August 2009, Verizon announced that it would discontinue access to Usenet on September 30, 2009. 
JANET(UK) announced it will discontinue Usenet service, effective July 31, 2010, citing Google Groups as an alternative.
Microsoft announced that it would discontinue support for its public newsgroups (msnews.microsoft.com) from June 1, 2010, offering web forums as an alternative.
Primary reasons cited for the discontinuance of Usenet service by general ISPs include the decline in volume of actual readers due to competition from blogs, along with cost and liability concerns of increasing proportion of traffic devoted to file-sharing and spam on unused or discontinued groups.
Some ISPs did not include pressure from Attorney General of New York Andrew Cuomo's aggressive campaign against child pornography as one of their reasons for dropping Usenet feeds as part of their services. ISPs Cox and Atlantic Communications resisted the 2008 trend but both did eventually drop their respective Usenet feeds in 2010.
Archives.
Public archives of Usenet articles have existed since the early days of Usenet, such as the system created by Kenneth Almquist in late 1982. Distributed archiving of Usenet posts was suggested in November 1982 by Scott Orshan, who proposed that "Every site should keep all the articles it posted, forever." Also in November of that year, Rick Adams responded to a post asking "Has anyone archived netnews, or does anyone plan to?" by stating that he was, "afraid to admit it, but I started archiving most 'useful' newsgroups as of September 18." In June 1982, Gregory G. Woodbury proposed an "automatic access to archives" system that consisted of "automatic answering of fixed-format messages to a special mail recipient on specified machines." 
In 1985, two news archiving systems and one RFC were posted to the Internet. The first system, called keepnews, by Mark M. Swenson of The University of Arizona, was described as "a program that attempts to provide a sane way of extracting and keeping information that comes over Usenet." The main advantage of this system was to allow users to mark articles as worthwhile to retain. The second system, YA News Archiver by Chuq Von Rospach, was similar to keepnews, but was "designed to work with much larger archives where the wonderful quadratic search time feature of the Unix ... becomes a real problem." Von Rospach in early 1985 posted a detailed RFC for "archiving and accessing usenet articles with keyword lookup." This RFC described a program that could "generate and
maintain an archive of Usenet articles and allow looking up articles based on the article-id, subject lines, or keywords pulled out of the article itself." Also included was C code for the internal data structure of the system.
The desire to have a fulltext search index of archived news articles is not new either, one such request having been made in April 1991 by Alex Martelli who sought to "build
some sort of keyword index for news archive." In early May, Mr. Martelli posted a summary of his responses to Usenet, noting that the "most popular suggestion award must definitely go to 'lq-text' package, by Liam Quin, recently posted in alt.sources."
Today, the archiving of Usenet has led to a fear of loss of privacy. An archive simplifies ways to profile people. This has partly been countered with the introduction of the " X-No-Archive: Yes" header, which is itself controversial.
Archives by Google Groups and DejaNews.
Web-based archiving of Usenet posts began in 1995 at Deja News with a very large, searchable database. In 2001, this database was acquired by Google.
Google Groups hosts an archive of Usenet posts dating back to May 1981. The earliest posts, which date from May 1981 to June 1991, were donated to Google by the University of Western Ontario with the help of David Wiseman and others, and were originally archived by Henry Spencer at the University of Toronto's Zoology department. The archives for late 1991 through early 1995 were provided by Kent Landfield from the NetNews CD series and Jürgen Christoffel from GMD. The archive of posts from March 1995 onward was started by the company DejaNews (later Deja), which was purchased by Google in February 2001. Google began archiving Usenet posts for itself starting in the second week of August 2000.
See also.
Usenet administrators.
Usenet as a whole has no administrators; each server administrator is free to do whatever pleases him or her as long as the end users and peer servers tolerate and accept it. Nevertheless, there are a few famous administrators:

</doc>
<doc id="18589012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589012" title="Azizlu">
Azizlu

Azizlu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589015" title="Elmer Fudd">
Elmer Fudd

Elmer J. Fudd/Egghead is a fictional cartoon character and one of the most famous "Looney Tunes" characters, and the "de facto" archenemy of Bugs Bunny. He has one of the more disputed origins in the Warner Bros. cartoon pantheon (second only to Bugs himself). His aim is to hunt Bugs, but he usually ends up seriously injuring himself and other antagonizing characters. He speaks in an unusual way, replacing his Rs and Ls with Ws, so "Watch the road, Rabbit," is replaced with "Watch the woad, wabbit!" Elmer's signature catchphrase is, "Shhh. Be vewy vewy quiet, I'm hunting wabbits", as well as his trademark laughter, "huh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh-uh".
The best known Elmer Fudd cartoons include Chuck Jones' masterpiece "What's Opera, Doc?" (one of the few times Fudd bested Bugs, though he felt bad about it), the Rossini parody "Rabbit of Seville", and the "Hunting Trilogy" of "Rabbit Season/Duck Season" shorts ("Rabbit Fire", "Rabbit Seasoning", and "Duck! Rabbit, Duck!") with Fudd, Bugs Bunny, and Daffy Duck.
Egghead.
In 1937, Tex Avery introduced a new character in his cartoon short "Egghead Rides Again". Egghead initially was depicted as having a bulbous nose, funny/eccentric clothing, a voice like Joe Penner, provided by radio mimic Danny Webb, and an egg-shaped head (thus the moniker "Egghead"). Many cartoon historians believe that Egghead evolved into Elmer over a period of a couple of years. However, animation historian Michael Barrier asserts "The Egghead-Elmer story is actually a little messy, my sense being that most of the people involved, whether they were making the films or publicizing them, not only had trouble telling the characters apart but had no idea why they should bother trying." Egghead made his second appearance in 1937's "Little Red Walking Hood" and then in 1938 teamed with Warner Bros.' newest cartoon star Daffy Duck in "Daffy Duck and Egghead". In 1938 Egghead continued to make appearances in the Warner cartoons, including "The Isle of Pingo Pongo", and "A-Lad-In Bagdad". In "A Feud There Was" (1938) Egghead made his entrance riding a motorscooter with the words "Elmer Fudd, Peacemaker" displayed on the side, the first onscreen use of that name. Egghead shifts from having a Moe Howard haircut to being bald, and wears a brown derby, a baggy suit, and a high-collared shirt. Egghead returned decades later in the compilation film "Daffy Duck's Quackbusters". More recently, he also made a cameo appearance at the end of "" and was also given in his own story, which starred him alongside Pete Puma, in the "Looney Tunes" comic book.
It has been suggested that the Egghead character was based on cartoonist and entertainer Robert Ripley.
Egghead has the distinction of being the very first recurring character created for Leon Schlesinger's Merrie Melodies series (to be followed by such characters as Sniffles, Inki, and even Bugs Bunny), which had previously contained only one-shot characters, although during the Harman-Ising era, Foxy, Goopy Geer, and Piggy each appeared in a few Merrie Melodies.
In the 1939 cartoon "Dangerous Dan McFoo", a new voice actor, Arthur Q. Bryan, was hired to provide the voice of the hero dog-character and it was in this cartoon that the popular "milk-sop" voice of Elmer Fudd was created. Elmer Fudd has since been the chief antagonistic force in the majority of the Bugs Bunny cartoons, initiating one of the most famous rivalries in the history of American cinema.
Elmer emerges.
In 1940, Egghead–Elmer's appearance was refined, giving him a chin and a less bulbous nose (although still wearing Egghead's clothing) and Arthur Quirk Bryan's "Dan McFoo" voice in what most people consider Elmer Fudd's first true appearance: a Chuck Jones short entitled "Elmer's Candid Camera". The rabbit drives Elmer insane. Later that year, he appeared in Friz Freleng's "Confederate Honey" (where he's called Ned Cutler) and "The Hardship of Miles Standish" where his voice and Egghead-like appearance were still the same. Jones would use this Elmer one more time, in 1941's "Elmer's Pet Rabbit"; its other title character is labeled as Bugs Bunny, but is also identical to his counterpart in "Camera". In the interim, the two starred in "A Wild Hare". Bugs appears with a carrot, New York accent, and "What's Up, Doc?" catchphrase all in place for the first time, although the voice and physique are as yet somewhat off. Elmer has a better voice, a trimmer figure (designed by Robert Givens, which would be reused soon later in Jones' "Good Night Elmer", this time without a red nose) and his familiar hunting clothes. He is much more recognizable as the Elmer Fudd of later cartoons than Bugs is here. In his earliest appearances, Elmer actually "wikes wabbits", either attempting to take photos of Bugs, or adopting Bugs as his pet. The rascally rabbit has the poor Fudd so perplexed that there is little wonder as to why Elmer would become a hunter and in some cases actually proclaim, "I hate wittle gway wabbits!" after pumping buckshot down a rabbit hole.
Elmer's role in these two films, that of would-be hunter, dupe and foil for Bugs, would remain his main role forever after, and although Bugs Bunny was called upon to outwit many more worthy opponents, Elmer somehow remained Bugs' classic nemesis, despite (or because of) his legendary gullibility, small size, short temper, and shorter attention span. In Rabbit Fire, he declares himself vegetarian, hunting for sport only.
Elmer was usually cast as a hapless big-game hunter, armed with a double-barreled shotgun (albeit one which could be fired much more than twice without being reloaded) and creeping through the woods "hunting wabbits". In a few cartoons, though, he assumed a completely different persona—a wealthy industrialist type, occupying a luxurious penthouse, or, in one episode involving a role reversal, a sanitarium—which Bugs would of course somehow find his way into. In "Dog Gone People", he had an ordinary office job working for demanding boss "Mister Cwabtwee". In another cartoon ("Mutt in a Rut") he appeared to work in an office and had a dog he called "Wover Boy", whom he took hunting, though Bugs did not appear.
Several episodes featured Elmer differently. One ("What's Up, Doc?", 1950) has Bugs Bunny relating his life story to a biographer, and recalling a time which was a downturn for the movie business. Elmer Fudd is a well-known entertainer who, looking for a new partner for his act, sees Bugs Bunny (after passing caricatures of many other famous 1940s actors (Al Jolson, Jack Benny, Eddie Cantor, Bing Crosby) who, like Bugs, are also out of work). Elmer and Bugs do a one-joke act cross-country, with Bugs dressed like a pinhead, and when he does not know the answer to a joke, Elmer gives it and hits him with a pie in the face. Bugs begins to tire of this gag and pulls a surprise on Fudd, answering the joke correctly and bopping Elmer with a mallet, which prompts the man to point his rifle at Bugs. The bunny asks nervously: "Eh, what's up doc?", which results in a huge round of applause from the audience. Bugs tells Elmer they may be on to something, and Elmer, with the vaudevillian's instinct of sticking with a gag that catches on, nods that they should re-use it. According to this account, the common Elmer-as-hunter episodes are entirely staged.
One episode where Bugs "lost" in the hunting was "Hare Brush" (1956). Here, Elmer has been committed to an insane asylum because he believes he is a rabbit (though it is also revealed that he is a millionaire and owns a mansion and a yacht). Bugs Bunny enters Fudd's room and Elmer bribes him with carrots, then leaves the way the real rabbit entered. Bugs acts surprisingly (for him) naïve, assuming Elmer just wanted to go outside for a while. Elmer's psychiatrist arrives, and thinking Fudd's delusion has affected his appearance, drugs Bugs and conditions him into believing that he is Elmer Fudd 'after which Bugs starts wearing hunting clothes and acting like Elmer, hunting the rabbit-costumed Fudd, who is in turn acting like Bugs. Their hunt is cut short when Bugs is arrested by a government agent as Elmer Fudd is wanted for tax evasion. After Bugs is hauled away trying to explain that the rabbit is Elmer Fudd, Fudd breaks the fourth wall and tells the audience "I may be a scwewy wabbit, but I'm not going to Alcatwaz" as he hops away as if he had planned the whole thing.
Elmer Fudd has occasionally appeared in other costumes, notably as Cupid. He tries to convince Bugs about love, but Bugs is reluctant, thinking to himself "Don't you look like some guy who's always after me?" and pictures the Elmer in hunter's clothes. The Cupid Elmer plots to get even with Bugs, using his love arrows to make Bugs fall in love with an artificial rabbit at a dog track. Elmer also appeared in this form opposite Daffy Duck in "The Stupid Cupid" (1944).
The Bugs–Elmer partnership was so familiar to audiences that in a late 1950s cartoon, "Bugs' Bonnets", a character study is made of what happens to the relationship between the two when they each accidentally don a different selection of hats (Native American Wig, Pilgrim Hat, Military Helmets, Bridal Veil and Top Hat, to name a few). The result is comic mayhem; a steady game of one-upmanship that ultimately leads to matrimony.
Fat Elmer.
For a short time in the 1941–1942 season, Elmer's appearance was modified again, for five cartoons: "Wabbit Twouble"; "The Wacky Wabbit"; "The Wabbit Who Came to Supper"; "Any Bonds Today?"; and "Fresh Hare". He became a heavy-set, beer-bellied character, patterned after Arthur Q. Bryan's real-life appearance, and still chasing Bugs (or vice versa). However, audiences did not accept a fat Fudd, so ultimately the slimmer version returned for good.
This time period also saw a temporary change in Elmer's relationship with Bugs Bunny. Instead of being the hunter, Elmer was the victim of unprovoked pestering by Bugs. In "Wabbit Twouble", Bugs plays a number of gags on Elmer, advising the audience, "I do dis kind o' stuff to him all t'wough da picture!" (A line somewhat ironically would later be said by the Tortoise as he and his friends cheat Bugs out of winning a race). Another short, "The Wacky Wabbit", finds Elmer focused on prospecting for gold which would be used to fund the World War II effort. Elmer sings a variation of the old prospector's tune "Oh! Susanna" made just for this cartoon (complete with the phrase "V for Victory"), with Bugs joining in just before starting to hassle Elmer. He made a later appearance in an episode of "The Sylvester and Tweety Mysteries" as a Russian version with a simple name "Boris" who owns another comedy club in Russia.
Elmer-speak.
He "nearly" always (a trait that also characterized Tweety Bird) when he would talk in his slightly raspy voice. This trait was prevalent in the "Elmer's Candid Camera" and "Elmer's Pet Rabbit" cartoons, where the writers would give him exaggerated lines such as, "My, that weawwy was a dewicious weg of wamb." to further exaggerate his qualities as a harmless nebbish. That characteristic seemed to fit his somewhat timid and childlike persona. And it worked. The writers often gave him lines filled with those letters, such as doing Shakespeare's Romeo as "What wight thwough yonduh window bweaks!" or Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" as "Kiww the wabbit, kiww the wabbit, kiww the wabbit...!" or "The Beautifuw Bwue Danube, by Johann Stwauss", "Stage Door Cartoon"'s line "Oh, you dubbuh-cwossing wabbit! "You tweachewous miscweant!"" or the name of actress "Owivia deHaviwwand". Elmer's speech impediment is so well known that Google allows the user to change the search engine language to "Elmer Fudd." Comedian Robin Williams often refers to the impediment as "Fudd syndrome" whenever he accidentally slips up and replaces an "l" or "r" with a "w" sound in a word.
Part of the joke is that Elmer is presumably incapable of pronouncing his own first name correctly. Occasionally Elmer would properly pronounce an "r" or "l" sound, depending on whether or not it was vital for the audience to understand what the word was. (For example, in 1944's "The Old Grey Hare", he clearly pronounces the "r" in the word "picture".) Usually, Elmer pronounces the "r" and "l" when one of those letters is in the last syllable of the word (such as "rascal", which he says as "wascal"). This doesn't occur in one-syllable words like "last" ("wast") or in common words like "hello" ("hewwo").
Later appearances.
Elmer Fudd made appearances in several television specials in the 1970s and 1980s, and some cameo roles in two of the "Looney Tunes" feature-film compilations.
Elmer would also appear frequently on the animated series "Tiny Toon Adventures" as a teacher at Acme Looniversity, where he was the idol and favorite teacher of Elmyra Duff, the slightly deranged animal lover who resembles Elmer in basic head design, name and lack of intellect. On the other hand, a younger version of him makes a single appearance in the episode "Plucky's Dastardly Deed", and is named "Egghead Jr", the "smartest kid in class".
Elmer also made cameos on "Animaniacs", one in "Turkey Jerky", another in the "Pinky and the Brain" short, "Don't Tread on Us."
Elmer also had a guest starring appearance on "Histeria!" in the episode "The Teddy Roosevelt Show", in a sketch where he portrayed Gutzon Borglum. This sketch depicts Elmer/Gutzon's construction of Mount Rushmore, accompanied by Borglum's son Lincoln, portrayed by Loud Kiddington. Elmer made another appearance on "Histeria!", this time in his traditional role, during a sketch where the Bald Eagle trades places with the Turkey during Thanksgiving weekend, featured in the episode "Americana".
Fudd also appeared on "The Sylvester and Tweety Mysteries" in the first season episode "A Ticket to Crime" as detective Sam Fudd; at the end he took off his clothes and turned into Elmer.
Elmer appears as part of the TuneSquad team in "Space Jam". In one part of the game he and Yosemite Sam shoot down the teeth of one of the Monstars dressed in black suites while "Misirlou" is heard in the background.
Elmer took on a more villainous role in "", in which he is a secret agent for the Acme Corporation. In his scene, Elmer chases Bugs and Daffy through the paintings in the Louvre museum, taking on the different art styles as they do so. At the end, Elmer forgets to change back to his normal style after jumping out of the pointillism painting "Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte" by Georges Seurat, allowing Bugs to easily disintegrate Elmer by blowing a fan at him.
A four-year-old version of Elmer was featured in the "Baby Looney Tunes" episode "A Bully for Bugs", where he kept taking all of Bugs' candy, and also bullied the rest of his friends. He was also shown with short blond hair. He appeared in most of the songs.
An even more villainous Elmer appeared in two episodes of "Duck Dodgers" as The Mother Fudd, an alien who would spread a disease that caused all affected by it to stand around laughing like Elmer (a parody of the Flood in "Halo" and the Borg in "Star Trek").
In "Loonatics Unleashed", his descendant, Electro J. Fudd, tried to prove himself the universe's greatest hunter by capturing Ace Bunny, but settled for Danger Duck instead. Elmer himself also makes an appearance in the form of a photo which shows he presumably died at the hands of a giant squirrel.
In December 2009, Elmer made an appearance in a Geico commercial where the director tells him to say rabbits instead of "wabbits". He was again voiced by Billy West.
Elmer Fudd appears in several episodes of "The Looney Tunes Show" as a television reporter.
On June 8, 2011, Elmer starred in the 3-D short "Daffy's Rhapsody" with Daffy Duck, that short was going to precede the film "Happy Feet Two" but was instead shown with ""
Portrayal.
Fudd was originally voiced by radio actor Arthur Q. Bryan, but twice in Bryan's lifetime the voice was provided by the versatile Mel Blanc: once, in "The Scarlet Pumpernickel" (1950), only a single line was needed, and bringing in Bryan was not cost effective; in "What's Opera, Doc?", Elmer's furious scream "SMOG!" was dubbed by Mel Blanc, although Bryan had voiced the rest of the part. Later, during the musician's union strike of 1958, another artist did the voice for Elmer's co-starring appearance in "Pre-Hysterical Hare". There is no documented reason for Bryan's absence, leaving some fans to speculate that he refused to cross the picket lines.
In 1959, Bryan died aged 60, and Hal Smith was selected to replace him as Elmer, but after just two cartoons were recorded by the new actor, and another was made in which Fudd has no lines and therefore no voice, the character was soon retired. Although in more recent years other voice actors have alternated as Elmer's voice, Bryan's characterization remains the definitive one. He was never credited onscreen, because Blanc had a clause in his contract that required him to receive a screen credit and, perhaps inadvertently, denied the same to other voice performers.
Blanc would take on the role regularly in the 1970s and 1980s, supplying Elmer's voice for new footage in compilation feature films and similar TV specials, as well as some all-new specials. He admitted in his autobiography that he found the voice difficult to get "right", never quite making it his own. In "Speechless", the famous lithograph issued following Blanc's death, Elmer is not shown among the characters bowing their heads in tribute to Blanc. Elmer has also been voiced by Daws Butler, Greg Burson, Jeff Bergman, Billy West, Tom Kenny, Chris Edgerly, Quinton Flynn, and others over the years.
Other voice actors.
Beside Arthur Q. Bryan, other actors have voiced Elmer:
Impact on popular culture.
The search engine Google has been translated into many languages, some of them for sheer comedic purposes. One of the novelty languages is "Elmer Fudd."
Comedian and actor Robin Williams also performed a famous sketch where he sang the Bruce Springsteen song "Fire" as Elmer Fudd.
In the film "Fletch Lives", the eponymous character (while in disguise) gives his name as "Elmer Fudd Gantry".

</doc>
<doc id="18589032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589032" title="Particle accelerator">
Particle accelerator

A particle accelerator is a device that uses electromagnetic fields to propel charged particles to high speeds and to contain them in well-defined beams.
There are two basic classes of accelerators, known as electrostatic and oscillating field accelerators. Electrostatic accelerators use static electric fields to accelerate particles. A small-scale example of this class is the cathode ray tube in an ordinary old television set. Other examples are the Cockcroft–Walton generator and the Van de Graaff generator. The achievable kinetic energy for particles in these devices is limited by electrical breakdown. Oscillating field accelerators, on the other hand, use radio frequency electromagnetic fields and circumvent the breakdown problem. This class, which was first developed in the 1920s, is the basis for all modern accelerator concepts and large-scale facilities. Rolf Widerøe, Gustav Ising, Leó Szilárd, Donald Kerst, and Ernest Lawrence are considered as pioneers of this field, conceiving and building the first operational linear particle accelerator, the betatron, and the cyclotron.
Alongside their best known use in particle physics as colliders (e.g. LHC, RHIC, Tevatron), particle accelerators are used in a large variety of applications, including particle therapy for oncological purposes, and as synchrotron light sources for fields such as condensed matter physics.
Because colliders can give evidence of the structure of the subatomic world, accelerators were commonly referred to as atom smashers in the 20th century. Despite the fact that most accelerators (but not ion facilities) actually propel subatomic particles, the term persists in popular usage when referring to particle accelerators in general.
Uses.
Beams of high-energy particles are useful for both fundamental and applied research in the sciences, and also in many technical and industrial fields unrelated to fundamental research. It has been estimated that there are approximately 26,000 accelerators worldwide. Of these, only about 1% are research machines with energies above 1 GeV, while about 44% are for radiotherapy, 41% for ion implantation, 9% for industrial processing and research, and 4% for biomedical and other low-energy research. The bar graph shows the breakdown of the cumulative number of industrial accelerators according to their applications. The numbers are based on the most current statistics available from various sources, including production and sales data published in presentations or market surveys, and data provided by a number of manufacturers.
High-energy physics.
The largest particle accelerators with the highest particle energies, such as the RHIC, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN (which came on-line in mid-November 2009) and the Tevatron, are used for experimental particle physics.
For the most basic inquiries into the dynamics and structure of matter, space, and time, physicists seek the simplest kinds of interactions at the highest possible energies.
These typically entail particle energies of many GeV, and the interactions of the simplest kinds of particles: leptons (e.g. electrons and positrons) and quarks for the matter, or photons and gluons for the field quanta. Since isolated quarks are experimentally unavailable due to color confinement, the simplest available experiments involve the interactions of, first, leptons with each other, and second, of leptons with nucleons, which are composed of quarks and gluons. To study the collisions of quarks with each other, scientists resort to collisions of nucleons, which at high energy may be usefully considered as essentially 2-body interactions of the quarks and gluons of which they are composed. Thus elementary particle physicists tend to use machines creating beams of electrons, positrons, protons, and antiprotons, interacting with each other or with the simplest nuclei (e.g., hydrogen or deuterium) at the highest possible energies, generally hundreds of GeV or more. Nuclear physicists and cosmologists may use beams of bare atomic nuclei, stripped of electrons, to investigate the structure, interactions, and properties of the nuclei themselves, and of condensed matter at extremely high temperatures and densities, such as might have occurred in the first moments of the Big Bang. These investigations often involve collisions of heavy nucleiof atoms like iron or goldat energies of several GeV per nucleon.
Particle accelerators can also produce proton beams, which can produce proton-rich medical or research isotopes as opposed to the neutron-rich ones made in fission reactors; however, recent work has shown how to make 99Mo, usually made in reactors, by accelerating isotopes of hydrogen, although this method still requires a reactor to produce tritium. An example of this type of machine is LANSCE at Los Alamos.
Synchrotron radiation.
Besides being of fundamental interest, high energy electrons may be coaxed into emitting extremely bright and coherent beams of high energy photons via synchrotron radiation, which have numerous uses in the study of atomic structure, chemistry, condensed matter physics, biology, and technology. Examples include the ESRF, which has recently been used to extract detailed 3-dimensional images of insects trapped in amber. Thus there is a great demand for electron accelerators of moderate (GeV) energy and high intensity.
Low-energy machines and particle therapy.
Everyday examples of particle accelerators are cathode ray tubes found in television sets and X-ray generators. These low-energy accelerators use a single pair of electrodes with a DC voltage of a few thousand volts between them. In an X-ray generator, the target itself is one of the electrodes. A low-energy particle accelerator called an ion implanter is used in the manufacture of integrated circuits.
At lower energies, beams of accelerated nuclei are also used in medicine as particle therapy, for the treatment of cancer.
DC accelerator types capable of accelerating particles to speeds sufficient to cause nuclear reactions are Cockcroft-Walton generators or voltage multipliers, which convert AC to high voltage DC, or Van de Graaff generators that use static electricity carried by belts.
Electrostatic particle accelerators.
Historically, the first accelerators used simple technology of a single static high voltage to accelerate charged particles. While this method is still extremely popular today, with the electrostatic accelerators greatly out-numbering any other type, they are more suited to lower energy studies owing to the practical voltage limit of about 30 MV (when the accelerator is placed in a gas with high dielectric strength, such as sulfur hexafluoride, allowing the high voltage). The same high voltage can be used twice in a "tandem accelerator" if the charge of the particles can be reversed while they are inside the terminal; this is possible with the acceleration of atomic nuclei by first adding an extra electron or forming an anionic (negatively charged) chemical compound, and then putting the beam through a thin foil to strip off electrons inside the high voltage conducting terminal, making a beam of positive charge.
Although electrostatic accelerators accelerate particles along a straight line, the term linear accelerator is more often associated with accelerators that use oscillating rather than static electric fields. Thus, many accelerators arranged in a straight line are not termed "linear accelerators" but rather "electrostatic accelerators" to differentiate the two cases.
Oscillating field particle accelerators.
Due to the high voltage ceiling imposed by electrical discharge, in order to accelerate particles to higher energies, techniques involving more than one lower, but oscillating, high voltage sources are used. The electrodes can either be arranged to accelerate particles in a line or circle, depending on whether the particles are subject to a magnetic field while they are accelerated, causing their trajectories to arc.
Linear particle accelerators.
In a linear accelerator (linac), particles are accelerated in a straight line with a target of interest at one end. They are often used to provide an initial low-energy kick to particles before they are injected into circular accelerators. The longest linac in the world is the Stanford Linear Accelerator, SLAC, which is long. SLAC is an electron-positron collider.
Linear high-energy accelerators use a linear array of plates (or drift tubes) to which an alternating high-energy field is applied. As the particles approach a plate they are accelerated towards it by an opposite polarity charge applied to the plate. As they pass through a hole in the plate, the polarity is switched so that the plate now repels them and they are now accelerated by it towards the next plate. Normally a stream of "bunches" of particles are accelerated, so a carefully controlled AC voltage is applied to each plate to continuously repeat this process for each bunch.
As the particles approach the speed of light the switching rate of the electric fields becomes so high that they operate at radio frequencies, and so microwave cavities are used in higher energy machines instead of simple plates.
Linear accelerators are also widely used in medicine, for radiotherapy and radiosurgery. Medical grade LINACs accelerate electrons using a klystron and a complex bending magnet arrangement which produces a beam of 6-30 million electron-volt (MeV) energy. The electrons can be used directly or they can be collided with a target to produce a beam of X-rays. The reliability, flexibility and accuracy of the radiation beam produced has largely supplanted the older use of Cobalt-60 therapy as a treatment tool.
Circular or cyclic accelerators.
In the circular accelerator, particles move in a circle until they reach sufficient energy. The particle track is typically bent into a circle using electromagnets. The advantage of circular accelerators over linear accelerators ("linacs") is that the ring topology allows continuous acceleration, as the particle can transit indefinitely. Another advantage is that a circular accelerator is smaller than a linear accelerator of comparable power (i.e. a linac would have to be extremely long to have the equivalent power of a circular accelerator).
Depending on the energy and the particle being accelerated, circular accelerators suffer a disadvantage in that the particles emit synchrotron radiation. When any charged particle is accelerated, it emits electromagnetic radiation and secondary emissions. As a particle traveling in a circle is always accelerating towards the center of the circle, it continuously radiates towards the tangent of the circle. This radiation is called synchrotron light and depends highly on the mass of the accelerating particle. For this reason, many high energy electron accelerators are linacs. Certain accelerators (synchrotrons) are however built specially for producing synchrotron light (X-rays).
Since the special theory of relativity requires that matter always travels slower than the speed of light in a vacuum, in high-energy accelerators, as the energy increases the particle speed approaches the speed of light as a limit, but never attains it. Therefore particle physicists do not generally think in terms of speed, but rather in terms of a particle's energy or momentum, usually measured in electron volts (eV). An important principle for circular accelerators, and particle beams in general, is that the curvature of the particle trajectory is proportional to the particle charge and to the magnetic field, but inversely proportional to the (typically relativistic) momentum.
Cyclotrons.
The earliest operational circular accelerators were cyclotrons, invented in 1929 by Ernest O. Lawrence at the University of California, Berkeley. Cyclotrons have a single pair of hollow 'D'-shaped plates to accelerate the particles and a single large dipole magnet to bend their path into a circular orbit. It is a characteristic property of charged particles in a uniform and constant magnetic field B that they orbit with a constant period, at a frequency called the cyclotron frequency, so long as their speed is small compared to the speed of light "c". This means that the accelerating D's of a cyclotron can be driven at a constant frequency by a radio frequency (RF) accelerating power source, as the beam spirals outwards continuously. The particles are injected in the centre of the magnet and are extracted at the outer edge at their maximum energy.
Cyclotrons reach an energy limit because of relativistic effects whereby the particles effectively become more massive, so that their cyclotron frequency drops out of synch with the accelerating RF. Therefore simple cyclotrons can accelerate protons only to an energy of around 15 million electron volts (15 MeV, corresponding to a speed of roughly 10% of "c"), because the protons get out of phase with the driving electric field. If accelerated further, the beam would continue to spiral outward to a larger radius but the particles would no longer gain enough speed to complete the larger circle in step with the accelerating RF. To accommodate relativistic effects the magnetic field needs to be increased to higher radii like it is done in isochronous cyclotrons. An example for an isochronous cyclotron is the PSI Ring cyclotron which is providing protons at the energy of 590 MeV which corresponds to roughly 80% of the speed of light. The advantage of such a cyclotron is the maximum achievable extracted proton current which is currently 2.2 mA. The energy and current correspond to 1.3 MW beam power which is the highest of any accelerator currently existing.
Synchrocyclotrons and isochronous cyclotrons.
A classic cyclotron can be modified to increase its energy limit. The historically first approach was the synchrocyclotron, which accelerates the particles in bunches. It uses a constant magnetic field formula_1, but reduces the accelerating field's frequency so as to keep the particles in step as they spiral outward, matching their mass-dependent cyclotron resonance frequency. This approach suffers from low average beam intensity due to the bunching, and again from the need for a huge magnet of large radius and constant field over the larger orbit demanded by high energy.
The second approach to the problem of accelerating relativistic particles is the isochronous cyclotron. In such a structure, the accelerating field's frequency (and the cyclotron resonance frequency) is kept constant for all energies by shaping the magnet poles so to increase magnetic field with radius. Thus, all particles get accelerated in isochronous time intervals. Higher energy particles travel a shorter distance in each orbit than they would in a classical cyclotron, thus remaining in phase with the accelerating field. The advantage of the isochronous cyclotron is that it can deliver continuous beams of higher average intensity, which is useful for some applications. The main disadvantages are the size and cost of the large magnet needed, and the difficulty in achieving the high magnetic field values required at the outer edge of the structure.
Synchrocyclotrons have not been built since the isochronous cyclotron was developed.
Betatrons.
Another type of circular accelerator, invented in 1940 for accelerating electrons, is the Betatron, a concept which originates ultimately from Norwegian-German scientist Rolf Widerøe. These machines, like synchrotrons, use a donut-shaped ring magnet (see below) with a cyclically increasing B field, but accelerate the particles by induction from the increasing magnetic field, as if they were the secondary winding in a transformer, due to the changing magnetic flux through the orbit.
Achieving constant orbital radius while supplying the proper accelerating electric field requires that the magnetic flux linking the orbit be somewhat independent of the magnetic field on the orbit, bending the particles into a constant radius curve. These machines have in practice been limited by the large radiative losses suffered by the electrons moving at nearly the speed of light in a relatively small radius orbit.
Synchrotrons.
To reach still higher energies, with relativistic mass approaching or exceeding the rest mass of the particles (for protons, billions of electron volts or GeV), it is necessary to use a synchrotron. This is an accelerator in which the particles are accelerated in a ring of constant radius. An immediate advantage over cyclotrons is that the magnetic field need only be present over the actual region of the particle orbits, which is much narrower than that of the ring. (The largest cyclotron built in the US had a magnet pole, whereas the diameter of the LEP and LHC is nearly 10 km. The aperture of the two beams of the LHC is of the order of a millimeter.)
However, since the particle momentum increases during acceleration, it is necessary to turn up the magnetic field B in proportion to maintain constant curvature of the orbit. In consequence synchrotrons cannot accelerate particles continuously, as cyclotrons can, but must operate cyclically, supplying particles in bunches, which are delivered to a target or an external beam in beam "spills" typically every few seconds.
Since high energy synchrotrons do most of their work on particles that are already traveling at nearly the speed of light "c", the time to complete one orbit of the ring is nearly constant, as is the frequency of the RF cavity resonators used to drive the acceleration.
Note also a further point about modern synchrotrons: because the beam aperture is small and the magnetic field does not cover the entire area of the particle orbit as it does for a cyclotron, several necessary functions can be separated. Instead of one huge magnet, one has a line of hundreds of bending magnets, enclosing (or enclosed by) vacuum connecting pipes. The design of synchrotrons was revolutionized in the early 1950s with the discovery of the strong focusing concept. The focusing of the beam is handled independently by specialized quadrupole magnets, while the acceleration itself is accomplished in separate RF sections, rather similar to short linear accelerators. Also, there is no necessity that cyclic machines be circular, but rather the beam pipe may have straight sections between magnets where beams may collide, be cooled, etc. This has developed into an entire separate subject, called "beam physics" or "beam optics".
More complex modern synchrotrons such as the Tevatron, LEP, and LHC may deliver the particle bunches into storage rings of magnets with constant B, where they can continue to orbit for long periods for experimentation or further acceleration. The highest-energy machines such as the Tevatron and LHC are actually accelerator complexes, with a cascade of specialized elements in series, including linear accelerators for initial beam creation, one or more low energy synchrotrons to reach intermediate energy, storage rings where beams can be accumulated or "cooled" (reducing the magnet aperture required and permitting tighter focusing; see beam cooling), and a last large ring for final acceleration and experimentation.
Electron synchrotrons.
Circular electron accelerators fell somewhat out of favor for particle physics around the time that SLAC was constructed, because their synchrotron losses were considered economically prohibitive and because their beam intensity was lower than for the unpulsed linear machines. The Cornell Electron Synchrotron, built at low cost in the late 1960s, was the first in a series of high-energy circular electron accelerators built for fundamental particle physics, culminating in the LEP at CERN.
A large number of electron synchrotrons have been built in the past two decades, as part of synchrotron light sources that emit ultraviolet light and X rays; see below.
Storage rings.
For some applications, it is useful to store beams of high energy particles for some time (with modern high vacuum technology, up to many hours) without further acceleration. This is especially true for colliding beam accelerators, in which two beams moving in opposite directions are made to collide with each other, with a large gain in effective collision energy. Because relatively few collisions occur at each pass through the intersection point of the two beams, it is customary to first accelerate the beams to the desired energy, and then store them in storage rings, which are essentially synchrotron rings of magnets, with no significant RF power for acceleration.
Synchrotron radiation sources.
Some circular accelerators have been built to deliberately generate radiation (called synchrotron light) as X-rays also called synchrotron radiation, for example the Diamond Light Source which has been built at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in England or the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, USA. High-energy X-rays are useful for X-ray spectroscopy of proteins or X-ray absorption fine structure (XAFS) for example.
Synchrotron radiation is more powerfully emitted by lighter particles, so these accelerators are invariably electron accelerators. Synchrotron radiation allows for better imaging as researched and developed at SLAC's SPEAR.
FFAG accelerators.
FFAG accelerators, in which a very strong radial field gradient, combined with strong focusing, allows the beam to be confined to a narrow ring, are an extension of the isochronous cyclotron idea that is lately under development. They use RF accelerating sections between the magnets, and so are isochronous for relativistic particles like electrons (which achieve essentially the speed of light at only a few MeV), but only over a limited energy range for protons and heavier particles at sub-relativistic energies. Like the isochronous cyclotrons they achieve continuous beam operation, but without the need for a huge dipole bending magnet covering the entire radius of the orbits.
History.
Lawrence's first cyclotron was a mere 4 inches (100 mm) in diameter. Later he built a machine with a 60 in diameter pole face, and planned one with a 184-inch diameter, which was, however, taken over for World War II-related work connected with uranium isotope separation; after the war it continued in service for research and medicine over many years.
The first large proton synchrotron was the Cosmotron at Brookhaven National Laboratory, which accelerated protons to about 3 GeV. The Bevatron at Berkeley, completed in 1954, was specifically designed to accelerate protons to sufficient energy to create antiprotons, and verify the particle-antiparticle symmetry of nature, then only strongly suspected. The Alternating Gradient Synchrotron (AGS) at Brookhaven was the first large synchrotron with alternating gradient, "strong focusing" magnets, which greatly reduced the required aperture of the beam, and correspondingly the size and cost of the bending magnets. The Proton Synchrotron, built at CERN, was the first major European particle accelerator and generally similar to the AGS.
The Stanford Linear Accelerator, SLAC, became operational in 1966, accelerating electrons to 30 GeV in a 3 km long waveguide, buried in a tunnel and powered by hundreds of large klystrons. It is still the largest linear accelerator in existence, and has been upgraded with the addition of storage rings and an electron-positron collider facility. It is also an X-ray and UV synchrotron photon source.
The Fermilab Tevatron has a ring with a beam path of . It has received several upgrades, and has functioned as a proton-antiproton collider until it was shut down due to budget cuts on September 30, 2011. The largest circular accelerator ever built was the LEP synchrotron at CERN with a circumference 26.6 kilometers, which was an electron/positron collider. It achieved an energy of 209 GeV before it was dismantled in 2000 so that the underground tunnel could be used for the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). The LHC is a proton collider, and currently the world's largest and highest-energy accelerator, expected to achieve 7 TeV energy per beam, and currently operating at half that.
The aborted Superconducting Super Collider (SSC) in Texas would have had a circumference of 87 km. Construction was started in 1991, but abandoned in 1993. Very large circular accelerators are invariably built in underground tunnels a few metres wide to minimize the disruption and cost of building such a structure on the surface, and to provide shielding against intense secondary radiations that occur, which are extremely penetrating at high energies.
Current accelerators such as the Spallation Neutron Source, incorporate superconducting cryomodules. The Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider, and Large Hadron Collider also make use of superconducting magnets and RF cavity resonators to accelerate particles.
Targets and detectors.
The output of a particle accelerator can generally be directed towards multiple lines of experiments, one at a given time, by means of a deviating electromagnet. This makes it possible to operate multiple experiments without needing to move things around or shutting down the entire accelerator beam. Except for synchrotron radiation sources, the purpose of an accelerator is to generate high-energy particles for interaction with matter.
This is usually a fixed target, such as the phosphor coating on the back of the screen in the case of a television tube; a piece of uranium in an accelerator designed as a neutron source; or a tungsten target for an X-ray generator. In a linac, the target is simply fitted to the end of the accelerator. The particle track in a cyclotron is a spiral outwards from the centre of the circular machine, so the accelerated particles emerge from a fixed point as for a linear accelerator.
For synchrotrons, the situation is more complex. Particles are accelerated to the desired energy. Then, a fast acting dipole magnet is used to switch the particles out of the circular synchrotron tube and towards the target.
A variation commonly used for particle physics research is a collider, also called a "storage ring collider". Two circular synchrotrons are built in close proximityusually on top of each other and using the same magnets (which are then of more complicated design to accommodate both beam tubes). Bunches of particles travel in opposite directions around the two accelerators and collide at intersections between them. This can increase the energy enormously; whereas in a fixed-target experiment the energy available to produce new particles is proportional to the square root of the beam energy, in a collider the available energy is linear.
Higher energies.
At present the highest energy accelerators are all circular colliders, but it is likely that limits have been reached in respect of compensating for synchrotron radiation losses for electron accelerators, and the next generation will probably be linear accelerators 10 times the current length. An example of such a next generation electron accelerator is the 40 km long International Linear Collider, due to be constructed between 2015-2020.
As of 2005, it is believed that plasma wakefield acceleration in the form of electron-beam 'afterburners' and standalone laser pulsers will provide dramatic increases in efficiency within two to three decades. In plasma wakefield accelerators, the beam cavity is filled with a plasma (rather than vacuum). A short pulse of electrons or laser light either constitutes or immediately trails the particles that are being accelerated. The pulse disrupts the plasma, causing the charged particles in the plasma to integrate into and move toward the rear of the bunch of particles that are being accelerated. This process transfers energy to the particle bunch, accelerating it further, and continues as long as the pulse is coherent.
Energy gradients as steep as 200 GeV/m have been achieved over millimeter-scale distances using laser pulsers and gradients approaching 1 GeV/m are being produced on the multi-centimeter-scale with electron-beam systems, in contrast to a limit of about 0.1 GeV/m for radio-frequency acceleration alone. Existing electron accelerators such as SLAC could use electron-beam afterburners to greatly increase the energy of their particle beams, at the cost of beam intensity. Electron systems in general can provide tightly collimated, reliable beams; laser systems may offer more power and compactness. Thus, plasma wakefield accelerators could be used — if technical issues can be resolved — to both increase the maximum energy of the largest accelerators and to bring high energies into university laboratories and medical centres.
Black hole production and public safety concerns.
In the future, the possibility of black hole production at the highest energy accelerators may arise if certain predictions of superstring theory are accurate. This and other exotic possibilities have led to public safety concerns that have been widely reported in connection with the LHC, which began operation in 2008. The various possible dangerous scenarios have been assessed as presenting "no conceivable danger" in the latest risk assessment produced by the LHC Safety Assessment Group. If they are produced, it is theoretically predicted that such small black holes should evaporate extremely quickly via Bekenstein-Hawking radiation, but which is as yet experimentally unconfirmed. If colliders can produce black holes, cosmic rays (and particularly ultra-high-energy cosmic rays, UHECRs) must have been producing them for eons, but they have yet to harm anybody. It has been argued that to conserve energy and momentum, any black holes created in a collision between an UHECR and local matter would necessarily be produced moving at relativistic speed with respect to the Earth, and should escape into space, as their accretion and growth rate should be very slow, while black holes produced in colliders (with components of equal mass) would have some chance of having a velocity less than Earth escape velocity, 11.2 km per sec, and would be liable to capture and subsequent growth. Yet even on such scenarios the collisions of UHECRs with white dwarfs and neutron stars would lead to their rapid destruction, but these bodies are observed to be common astronomical objects. Thus if stable micro black holes should be produced, they must grow far too slowly to cause any noticeable macroscopic effects within the natural lifetime of the solar system.

</doc>
<doc id="18589035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589035" title="Greatest Hits (Eternal album)">
Greatest Hits (Eternal album)

Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by the British R&B girl group Eternal, released in October 1997. The album contains their fourteen consecutive Top 15 hit singles, which at the time was an unprecedented record for a British girl group. Louise Nurding's vocals appeared on the album, however she was not featured on the cover.
The album peaked at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart and was certified 3x Platinum by the BPI for sales of over 900,000 copies.
Following the announcement of the groups reformation the album entered at number 1 on the Itunes Hip-Hop chart in January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="18589037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589037" title="Mike Hamilton (athletic director)">
Mike Hamilton (athletic director)

Mike Hamilton (born August 13, 1963 in Brevard, North Carolina) is the former Men's Director of Athletics at the University of Tennessee. Hamilton replaced Doug Dickey in 2003, becoming the Tennessee's seventh men's athletic director.
A graduate of Clemson University, Hamilton had been on the university's athletic staff for 11 years prior to his hiring.
In 1998, the National Association of Athletic Development Directors named him Fundraiser of the Year.
On June 7, 2011, Mike Hamilton resigned from his position as the Athletic Director at the University of Tennessee following months of pressure stemming from numerous issues including sanctions levied against the Tennessee basketball program and numerous head coaching changes in the school's major sports. Hamilton's poor leadership is viewed by many as the main reason the Vols football program hit an all time low during his tenure. Hamilton's duties as an AD were tested when he decided to fire longtime Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer. Fulmer was one of Tennessee's winningest head coaches at the time of his dismissal and although many called for his firing after two losing seasons in four years there were also many in his support. Hamilton chose Lane Kiffin as Tennessee's next head coach in December 2008. Many did not believe Kiffin to be the best hire as there were other highly rated potential candidates at the time not to mention Kiffin's controversial history with past coaching jobs. Hamilton's decision would be disastrous as after only one season at Tennessee Kiffin resigned to take the same job at the University of Southern California. Hamilton controversially hired Derek Dooley following Kiffin's departure, despite his losing record at Louisiana Tech. The pressure would come to a boil in March, 2011 when in the middle of the NCAA's investigation into sanctions against basketball coach Bruce Pearl and but one day before the team was scheduled to face the Michigan Wolverines in the second round of the 2011 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament, Hamilton announced that Pearl's status as coach going into the game was not certain and at season's end he would be evaluated. Hamilton was scrutinized for making this statement before the team played in the tournament as the pressure it would put on the team may have been the deciding factor in their lopsided 30 point loss to the Wolverines the following day. On the Monday following the game Pearl was dismissed from Tennessee and not soon after Hamilton announced his resignation. Even though Mike Hamilton should not have received any "buyout" with a resignation, University of Tennessee Knoxville Chancellor Jimmy Cheek provided him over $1.3 million in severance, to the confusion and surprise of many.

</doc>
<doc id="18589042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589042" title="Chalene Johnson">
Chalene Johnson

Chalene Johnson is an American physical fitness expert, choreographer, author, and entrepreneur. Chalene Johnson started studying dance and martial arts at age 3. As a child, she followed her mother to her Jazzercise classes and saw that they were all about music and dancing and just a lot of fun. She continued training in tae kwon do, dance, and aerobics while a student at Michigan State University. After moving to California in the early '90s, she worked as a paralegal and applied to law school. At that time personal training was becoming very popular and she began training before and after work, she quickly realized that she had a passion for fitness. Years later, she created a group exercise class that combined dance and kickboxing. This led to the creation of TurboJam home fitness exercise program. Since TurboJam, Johnson has launched the very similar TurboKick, PiYo, and Hip Hop Hustle which are all available in gyms in the United States and Australia. She has also launched TurboFire, which is a Beachbody DVD exercise program.
Turbo Fire.
Chalene is most notable for creating the exercise video system known as "TurboFire", developed and sold by Beachbody. She combined music, dancing, and martial arts as a basis for her workout system. She began working on her TurboJam idea in 1997, trying to perfect and develop her system. She continued to develop and promote it until she sold over four million products by 2006.
Other projects.
Along with TurboJam, Chalene Johnson created other workout systems including "TurboKick", "PiYo", "Hip Hop Hustle", and "All Star Presenter Camp". Also, she is the CEO of Powder Blue Productions. She was one of three finalists for fitness Instructor of the Year, awarded by "IDEA Health and Fitness Association", and was the international speaker for the 2007 IDEA Fusion Convention. Johnson has also appeared on television networks QVC and E! as a fitness expert, (often promoting Turbo Jam).
In January 2009, Chalene released a new strength training program through Beachbody entitled ChaLEAN Extreme.
In June 2010, Chalene introduced a new workout program through Beachbody titled TurboFire which focuses on HIIT Training.
The Book: Push.
On December 20, 2011, Chalene's first book "PUSH: 30 Days to Turbocharged Habits, a Bangin' Body, and the Life You Deserve!" was released by Rodale Books.

</doc>
<doc id="18589043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589043" title="Te Huka Power Station">
Te Huka Power Station

The Te Huka Geothermal Power Station, also known as Tauhara One, is a 23 MW binary cycle geothermal power station situated near Taupo, New Zealand. The power station is operated by Contact Energy.
In July 2008, Contact Energy announced that the contract for supply and construction of the binary cycle equipment was awarded to Ormat Technologies.
The plant is powered with steam and fluid from the Tauhara steamfield, and all used geothermal fluid is reinjected back into the edge of the steamfield.
The Tauhara One plant was opened in May 2010, three weeks ahead of schedule.
The power station was formerly known as Centennial Drive binary.

</doc>
<doc id="18589048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589048" title="Arthur Morgan (Australian politician)">
Arthur Morgan (Australian politician)

Arthur Clinton Morgan (1881 – 2 August 1957) was an Australian politician. 
He was the son of Queensland Premier Sir Arthur Morgan. Born in Warwick, Queensland, he was educated at state schools before becoming a journalist. He served in the military 1914-1917, and returned to become an associate editor in Brisbane. He edited "Graziers' Review" from 1921-1927. In 1929, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Nationalist member for Darling Downs, defeating sitting member Littleton Groom, who was running as an independent. He held the seat until his defeat by Groom, again running as an independent, in 1931. He died in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="18589056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589056" title="Ribocco">
Ribocco

Ribocco (foaled 1964 in Kentucky) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He is best known for his performances in 1967 when he won two of the most important European races for three-year-olds; the Irish Derby and the St Leger. Ribocco briefly held the record for prize money won by a British-trained racehorse.
Background.
Ribocco was a small, but powerfully-built bay horse bred at the Idle Hour Farm in Paris, Kentucky by Mrs J. G. (Margaret) Rogers. As a yearling he was sent to the Keeneland sales where he was bought for $35,000 by Charles W. Engelhard, Jr.. He was a son of the undefeated dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner, Ribot out of the mare Libra. Libra won only one minor race, but went on to become a notable broodmare, producing Ribero (Irish Derby, St Leger) and Libra's Rib (Princess of Wales's Stakes). Ribocco was sent to England to be trained by Fulke Johnson Houghton at Blewbury in Berkshire.
Racing career.
1966: two-year-old career.
Ribocco made his racecourse debut in July when he won a maiden race at Newbury and returned to the same course a month later to win the Washington Singer Stakes. In September he was moved up in class to contest the Champagne Stakes at Doncaster and finished second to the Irish-bred Bold Lad. On his final start of the year Ribocco returned to Doncaster for the Observer Gold Cup, Britain's most valuable race for two-year-olds. He established himself as one of the best colts of his generation with an easy win. In the Free Handicap, an end of season ranking of the best British two-year-olds Ribocco was ranked third behind Bold Lad and Royal Palace.
1967: three-year-old season.
Ribocco's performances in the spring of 1967 were disappointing: he was well beaten in the Craven Stakes, the Dee Stakes and the Lingfield Derby Trial. His odds for the Derby drifted out despite the booking of Britain's leading jockey Lester Piggott to ride him in the race.
At Epsom Ribocco started at odds of 22/1 in a field of twenty-two runners. Piggott held the colt up in the early stages before moving him to the wide outside on the turn into the straight. Ribocco ran on strongly to challenge for the lead a furlong from the finish and take second place, beaten two and a half lengths by the favourite Royal Palace. Later in the month Ribocco started favourite for the Irish Derby at the Curragh in front of a 60,000 crowd which included the visiting Jackie Kennedy. He produced a strong finish to overtake Sucaryl inside the final furlong and win by a length. At Ascot in July, Ribocco started favourite for Britain's most important weight-for-age race, the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes. He finished third, beaten three lengths and a neck by the four-year-olds Busted and Salvo.
Ribocco was then aimed at the third leg of British Triple Crown series, the St Leger at Doncaster. In a prep race in August he finished third to Dart Board in the March Stakes at Goodwood. In the St Leger he started 7/2 joint favourite with the Queen's colt Hopeful Venture. Piggott sent Ribocco into the lead in the straight and he won decisively, beating Hopeful Venture by one and a half lengths. In October he was sent to compete in France in that country's most prestigious race where he finished third in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, beaten in a three-way photo finish by the 82/1 winner, Topyo and Salvo. In his final race, Ribocco returned to the land of his birth and finished seventh in the Washington, D.C. International.
Assessment and achievements.
Ribocco's prize money for finishing third in the Arc de Triomphe took his earnings to £155,669 passing the record for a British or Irish racehorse set by Santa Claus in 1964. His place at the top of the list as he was overtaken by Royal Palace in the summer of 1968.
Stud record.
Retired at the end of the 1967 racing season, American Thomas Mellon Evans acquired a part interest in Ribocco for breeding purposes. He stood at stud at Evans' Buckland Farm in Virginia where he met with modest success as a sire, with the best of his progeny including Ripon (John B. Campbell Handicap). After the 1972 breeding season he was sent to a stud farm in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18589058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589058" title="Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +75 kg">
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics – Women's +75 kg

The women's +75 kg weightlifting event was the heaviest women's event at the weightlifting competition, allowing competitors with over 75 kilograms of body mass. The competition took place on August 16, starting at 19:00.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
The winner of the event, Jang Mi-Ran, broke a total of three world records, the snatch (140 kg, +1 kg), the clean and jerk (186 kg, +4 kg) and the total (326 kg, +7 kg).
Schedule.
All times are China Standard Time ()
Records.
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="18589061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589061" title="Liv Tyler">
Liv Tyler

Liv Rundgren Tyler (born Liv Rundgren; July 1, 1977) is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of Aerosmith's lead singer, Steven Tyler, and model Bebe Buell. Tyler began a career in modeling at the age of 14 but, after less than a year, she decided to focus on acting. After her film debut "Silent Fall" (1994), she appeared in supporting roles in "Empire Records" (1995), "Heavy" (1996) and "That Thing You Do!" (1996). Tyler later achieved critical recognition in the leading role in "Stealing Beauty" (1996). She followed this by starring in supporting roles including "Inventing the Abbotts" (1997) and "Cookie's Fortune" (1999).
Tyler achieved international recognition as a result of her portrayal of Elf maiden Arwen Undómiel in the "Lord of the Rings" film trilogy. She has appeared in an eclectic range of films, including the 2004 comedy "Jersey Girl", the indie film "Lonesome Jim" (2005), the drama "Reign Over Me" (2007) and big-budget studio films such as "Armageddon" (1998), "The Strangers" (2008) and "The Incredible Hulk" (2008).
She has served as a United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Goodwill Ambassador for the United States in 2003, and as a spokesperson for Givenchy's line of perfume and cosmetics.
Early life.
Tyler was born Liv Rundgren at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. She is the only daughter of Bebe Buell, a model, singer, and former "Playboy" Playmate (Miss November 1974), and Steven Tyler, the lead singer of Aerosmith. Her mother named her after Norwegian actress, Liv Ullmann, after seeing Ullmann on the cover of the March 5, 1977 issue of "TV Guide". She is of Italian, German, Polish, and English ancestry on her father's side and German ancestry on her mother's side. Tyler has three half-siblings: Mia Tyler (born 1978), Chelsea Anna Tallarico (born 1989), and Taj Monroe Tallarico (born 1992). Her maternal grandmother, Dorothea Johnson, founded the Protocol School of Washington.
From 1972 to 1979, Liv’s mother Bebe Buell had a longtime relationship with rock musician Todd Rundgren. During their cohabitation, sometimes they were on-and-off. In 1976, Buell became unexpectedly pregnant from her brief relationship with Steven Tyler. On July 1, 1977, Buell gave birth to Liv. But Buell initially named the daughter "Liv Rundgren" and claimed that Todd Rundgren was the biological father. Rundgren and Buell ended their romantic relationship shortly after Liv's birth, but Rundgren put his heart and soul into the "white lie". At age eight Liv met Steven Tyler and noticed a resemblance she shared with his other daughter, Mia. When she asked her mother about the similarity, the secret was revealed. The truth about Tyler's paternity did not become public until six years later in 1991, when she changed her name from Rundgren to Tyler, but kept the former as a middle name. Buell's stated reason for the initial decision was that Steven was too heavily addicted to drugs at the time of her birth. Since learning the truth about her paternity, Liv and Steven have developed a close relationship. They also have worked together professionally, once when she appeared in Aerosmith's music video for "Crazy" in 1993, and again when Aerosmith performed many of the songs in the film "Armageddon" (1998) in which Tyler starred.
According to Tyler "... Todd basically decided when I was born that I needed a father so he signed my birth certificate. He knew that there was a chance that I might not be his but …." He paid to put her through private school, and she visited him several times a year.
Tyler maintains a close relationship with Rundgren. "I’m so grateful to him, I have so much love for him. You know, when he holds me it feels like Daddy. And he’s very protective and strong."
Tyler attended the Congressional Schools of Virginia, Breakwater School and Waynflete School in Portland, Maine, before returning to New York City with her mother at age 12. She went to York Preparatory in New York City for junior high and high school after her mother researched the school to accommodate Tyler's ADHD. She graduated in 1995, and left to continue her acting career. When asked about the way she spent her early life, Tyler said: "For me, I didn’t get much of a childhood in my teen years because I’ve been working since I was 14. But that also kept me out of trouble. When everybody was doing acid and partying like crazy, I was at work on a movie in Tuscany ... having my own fun, of course, but it was a different kind of thing. I have no regrets. I love the way my life has gone."
Career.
Early work.
Tyler received her first modeling job at age 14 with the assistance of Paulina Porizkova, who took pictures of her that ended up in "Interview" magazine. She later starred in television commercials. She, however, became bored with her modeling career less than a year after it started, and decided to go into acting, although she never took acting lessons. Tyler first became known to television audiences when she starred alongside Alicia Silverstone in the music video for Aerosmith's 1993 song "Crazy".
1994–2000.
Tyler made her feature film debut in "Silent Fall" in 1994, where she played the elder sister of an autistic boy. In 1995, she starred in the comedy drama "Empire Records". Tyler has described "Empire Records" as "one of the best experiences" she has ever had. Soon after, she landed a supporting role in James Mangold's 1996 drama "Heavy" as Callie, a naive young waitress. The film received favorable reviews; critic Janet Maslin noted: "Ms. Tyler ... gives a charmingly ingenuous performance, betraying no self-consciousness about her lush good looks."
Tyler had her breakthrough role in "Stealing Beauty" (1996), in which she played Lucy Harmon, an innocent, romantic teenager who travels to Tuscany, Italy, intent on losing her virginity. The film received generally mixed reviews, but Tyler's performance was favored by the critics; "Variety" wrote: "Tyler is the perfect accomplice. At times sweetly awkward, at others composed and serene, the actress appears to respond effortlessly and intuitively to the camera, creating a rich sense of what Lucy is about that often is not explicit in the dialogue." "Empire" noted, "Liv Tyler (here radiantly resembling a ganglier young Ava Gardner) with a rare opportunity to enamour, a break she capitalizes on with composure." The film was directed by Bernardo Bertolucci, who chose Tyler for the role after meeting with a number of young girls in Los Angeles, including Tyler's music video co-star Alicia Silverstone. Bertolucci claimed "there was something missing in all of them". He later admitted that what he saw in Tyler was a "gravitas" he described as "a New York aura". During promotion of the film, Tyler admitted she wanted to separate herself from the character during production; "I tried my damnedest not to think of my own situation. But at one point, after a take, I just started to cry and cry. I remembered when I found out about my dad and how we just stared at each other from head to toe taking in every nook and cranny."
She later appeared in "That Thing You Do!" (1996), a movie about a fictional one-hit wonder rock band called The Oneders, following their whirlwind rise to the top of the pop charts, and just as quickly, their plunge back to obscurity. The film was written and directed by Tom Hanks. It grossed over $25 million worldwide, and was met with favorable reviews. The following year, she appeared in "Inventing the Abbotts" in 1997, in which she played the daughter of Will Patton and Barbara Williams' characters. The movie is based on a short story by Sue Miller. "Entertainment Weekly" declared Tyler's performance as "lovely and pliant". That same year, Tyler was chosen by "People" magazine as one of the 50 Most Beautiful People.
Tyler next appeared in "Armageddon" (1998), where she played the daughter of Bruce Willis' character and love interest of Ben Affleck's character. The film generated mixed reviews, but was a box office success earning $553 million worldwide. The movie included the songs "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" and "What Kind of Love Are You On" by Aerosmith. In a 2001 interview with "The Guardian", she admitted that she turned down the role in "Armageddon"; "I really didn't want to do it at first and I turned it down a couple of times, but the biggest reason I changed my mind was because I was scared of it. I wanted to try it for that very reason. I mean, I'm not really in this to do amazing things in my career - I just want it to be special when I make a movie."
She was then cast in the drama "Onegin" (1999), a film based on the 19th century Russian novel of the same name by Alexander Pushkin, in which she portrayed Tatyana Larina and co-starred with Ralph Fiennes. Tyler was required to master an English accent, though Stephen Holden of the "New York Times" felt that her approximation of an English accent was "inert". The film was critically and financially unsuccessful. That same year, she appeared in the historical comedy film "Plunkett & Macleane".
She later appeared in two films directed by Robert Altman, "Cookie's Fortune" (1999) and "Dr. T & the Women" (2000). In "Cookie's Fortune", she was part of an ensemble cast that included Glenn Close, Julianne Moore, Chris O'Donnell, and Patricia Neal. Her performance well received among critics; Salon.com wrote: "This is the first time in which Tyler's acting is a match for her beauty (she's always been a bit forlorn). Altman helps her find some snap, but a relaxed, silly snap, as in the cartoon sound she makes when she takes a midday swig of bourbon. The lazy geniality of the movie is summed up by the way Emma character saunters off to take a swim with her cowboy hat and pint of Wild Turkey." "Entertainment Weekly" also noted that Tyler is "sweetly gruff as the tomboy troublemaker". In the romantic comedy, "Dr. T & the Women", she played Marilyn, a gynecological patient of Richard Gere's character, who is the lesbian lover of his daughter, played by Kate Hudson.
2001–present.
In 2001, Tyler played the object of infatuation for three men (Matt Dillon, John Goodman and Paul Reiser) in the black comedy "One Night at McCool's". In discussion of the role, she said: "This was definitely the first part where I had to be so physically aware and have people so aware of me physically. Maybe it's not hard for anybody else, but it is a bit for me. I mean I love my body and I feel very comfortable in my skin, but this was tough." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote: "Tyler, a true beauty, gives the role a valiant try, but her range is too limited to play this amalgam of female perfection."
In 2001, she starred in the feature film "", directed by Peter Jackson. She played the Elf maiden Arwen Undómiel. The film is based on the first volume of J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings". The filmmakers approached Tyler after seeing her performance in "Plunkett & Macleane". She learned to speak the fictitious Elvish language that was created by Tolkien. Mick LaSalle of the "San Francisco Chronicle" noted that Tyler's performance was "lovely and earnest".
A year later, Tyler again starred as Arwen in ', the second installment of the series. The film received favorable reviews. Tyler spent months before filming learning swordfighting, to be used during the concluding battle scenes in "The Two Towers", though her scenes from the battle were removed after the script was changed. The film was an enormous box office success, earning over $926 million worldwide, out-grossing its predecessor, which earned over $871 million. In 2003, Tyler featured in the third and last installment of the series, '.
Following the success of "The Lord of the Rings", she appeared opposite her "Armageddon" co-star Ben Affleck in writer-director Kevin Smith's romantic comedy "Jersey Girl" (2004), playing a woman who re-opens a widowed father's heart to love, played by Affleck. In an interview with MTV News, Tyler confessed that she felt "scared and vulnerable" while filming "Jersey Girl", adding "I was so used to those other elements of the character . On "The Lord of the Rings", a lot of things were done in post-production, whereas this was really just about me and Ben sitting there, just shooting off dialogue." However, she reiterated that doing "Jersey Girl" was what she wanted to do.
In 2005, she appeared in Steve Buscemi's independent drama "Lonesome Jim", where she was cast alongside Casey Affleck, as a single mother and nurse who reconnects with an old fling who has returned to their small town of Indiana after a failed run as a novelist in New York. The film was screened at a special presentation at the 2005 Sundance Film Festival where it was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize. Tyler's next appearance in film was in a supporting role as an insightful therapist who tries to help a once-successful dentist (Adam Sandler) cope with the loss of his family during the events of the September 11th attacks in "Reign Over Me" (2007).
In 2008, she starred in the horror-thriller "The Strangers" with Scott Speedman, a film about a young couple who are terrorized one night by three masked assailants in their remote country house. Although the film garnered a mixed reception among critics, it was a box office success. In an interview with "Entertainment Weekly", she noted that "The Strangers" was the most challenging role of her career. "It was as far as I could push myself in every way: physically, emotionally, mentally."
She appeared in "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), in which she played Dr. Betty Ross, the love interest of the title character, played by Edward Norton. Tyler was attracted to the love story in the script, and was a fan of the television show. She said filming the part was "very physical, which was fun", and compared her performance to "a deer caught in the headlights". "The Incredible Hulk" was a box office success, earning over $262 million worldwide. "The Washington Post", in review of the film, wrote: "Tyler gives Betty an appropriately angelic nimbus of ethereal gentleness as the one Beauty who can tame the Beast ... during their most pivotal encounters."
Tyler appeared in two films released in 2011: "Super" and "The Ledge". In April 2011, publishing house Rodale announced that Tyler and her grandmother Dorothea Johnson, an etiquette expert, have written a book called "Modern Manners." Rodale plans to release the book in May 2012.
In 2013 she appeared in "Space Station 76", a film directed by Jack Plotnick, starring also Matt Bomer and Patrick Wilson.
Personal life.
In 1998, Tyler began dating British musician Royston Langdon of the band Spacehog. She and Langdon became engaged in February 2001, and married in Barbados on March 25, 2003. On December 14, 2004, she gave birth to a son, Milo William Langdon. On May 8, 2008, the couple confirmed through representatives that they would be separating but remain friends. In an interview with the Australian "Daily Telegraph", Tyler revealed that her separation from Langdon led her to move to Los Angeles, explaining that it was hard to be in the Manhattan home that they had shared. In June 2010, Tyler stated she was "far too sensitive" for casual dates, adding "I fall in love once in a blue moon."
Tyler is an active supporter of the charitable United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). She was appointed as a Goodwill Ambassador for the United States in 2003. In November 2004, she hosted the lighting of the UNICEF Snowflake in New York City. Tyler also served as spokesperson for the 2004 Givenchy Mother's Day promotion, in support of UNICEF's Maternal & Neonatal Tetanus (MNT) campaign.
Since 2004, she has donated to the Women's Cancer Research Fund to support innovative research, education, and outreach directed at the development of more effective approaches to the early diagnosis, treatment and prevention of all women's cancers. In October 2007, Tyler, along with her mother, Bebe Buell and her grandmother, Dorothea Johnson, helped launch the Emergen-C Pink energy drink, in which the event was in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness month.
She is good friends with designer Stella McCartney, model Helena Christensen and actresses Kate Hudson, Chloë Sevigny and Gwyneth Paltrow. Tyler was formerly a vegan, but has since begun to eat meat. In 2003, she became the spokesperson for Givenchy perfume and cosmetics; in 2005 the brand named a rose after her, which was used in one of its fragrances. In 2009, Tyler signed on for two more years as Givenchy spokesperson. On December 8, 2011, Givenchy announced a collaboration between Givenchy perfumes and Sony Music. In the video released on February 7, 2012, Liv Tyler covered INXS song "Need You Tonight".
Tyler learned Transcendental Meditation in New York City. In December 2012 she participated in a charity gala for the David Lynch Foundation to provide Transcendental Meditation to disadvantaged sections of society. At the event she said, "it helps me make better decisions and be a better mother, and just deal with the daily stress of the modern world that we live in. It helps with everything."

</doc>
<doc id="18589073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589073" title="Deramciclane">
Deramciclane

Deramciclane (EGIS-3886) is a drug which acts as an antagonist at the 5-HT2A receptor, as an inverse agonist at the 5-HT2C receptor, and as a GABA reuptake inhibitor.
In 2003 Orion Pharma of Finland and partner Pharmacia discontinued the development of deramciclane for generalized anxiety disorder, owing to a lack of efficacy in the combined results of the Phase III trials of the agent.

</doc>
<doc id="18589074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589074" title="Sebastian Hardie">
Sebastian Hardie

Sebastian Hardie were Australia's first symphonic rock band. They formed in Sydney in 1967 as Sebastian Hardie Blues Band but dropped the 'Blues Band' reference when they became pop-oriented. By 1973 they developed a more progressive rock style, and later performed as Windchase, but disbanded in 1977. An early member of Sebastian Hardie was Jon English (vocals, rhythm guitar), who starred as Judas Iscariot in the Australian version of the stage musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" in 1972, he subsequently had a solo career as a singer, actor and playwright. A later member, Mario Millo (lead guitar, mandolin, vocals) became a multi-award winner for his television and movie music.
Sebastian Hardie's other early members included Graham Ford (lead guitar), Peter Plavsic (bass guitar) and his brother Alex Plavsic (drums). After English and Ford had left, the Plavsic brothers were joined by Millo and Toivo Pilt (keyboards). With their addition, Sebastian Hardie developed extended progressive rock tracks to become a symphonic rock group before they released their definitive album "Four Moments" in 1975, which peaked at No. 13 on the National albums chart. They followed with a second album "Windchase" in 1976, but it had less chart success. Millo and Pilt formed the band, Windchase, to release "Symphinity" in 1977, it was a heavier jazz-fusion album but didn't have chart success and they disbanded.
History.
1967–1973: Early years.
Guitarist Graham Ford (ex-The Interns) made up the name 'Sebastian Hardie' when he founded Sebastian Hardie Blues Band in 1967 in Sydney. Variable line-ups included John Bellamy (bass guitar), Dennis Laughlin (vocals, later in Sherbet), Richard Lillico (ex-The Interns, drums), Syd Richmond (drums), Dave Waddington (vocals) and Neil Williamson (organ). They played R&B and soul covers but disbanded in early 1968. When Ford reformed the band later in the year, he recruited students from Sydney's Cabramatta High School, Jon English on vocals and rhythm guitar, Anatole Kononewsky (keyboards), Peter Plavsic (ex-The Interns) on bass guitar and his brother Alex Plavsic on drums. They dropped the 'Blues Band' part to play more pop-oriented music and were the backing band for legendary Australian rocker Johnny O'Keefe during 1969. Covering songs from Rolling Stones, The Beatles, Otis Redding and Wilson Pickett they built a reputation in the Sydney pub scene. Late in 1971, English left Sebastian Hardie when he won the role of Judas Iscariot in the Australian stage production of "Jesus Christ Superstar" from May 1972. He was eventually replaced by Steve Dunne on vocals and keyboards. British singer Larry Page produced Sebastian Hardie's first single "All Right Now" in September 1973 on RCA Records.
1973–1977: "Four Moments" and "Windchase".
Ford left Sebastian Hardie by October 1973 to be replaced by Mario Millo on lead guitar. They recorded a second single "Day After Day" released in April 1974. By this time Tovio Pilt had replaced Dunne on keyboards and Millo took over on vocals. Besides covers they were playing original progressive rock material. They were Australia's first symphonic rock band and performed a 20-minute version of Mike Oldfield's "Tubular Bells" as part of their set; Millo was now writing more orchestrated and inventive original material. After signing to Polydor Records they supported tours by international acts Lou Reed and Osibisa during 1974. Their first LP, "Four Moments", which peaked at No. 13 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart, was released in August 1975. Produced by former member Jon English, it achieved Gold status – selling 35,000 copies, while the related single "Rosanna", an instrumental track, peaked at No. 31 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. "Four Moments" showed the influence of progressive rock groups from Europe, including Genesis, Yes, King Crimson and Focus. It contained only three tracks with the title track taking up one side; Sebastian Hardie displayed "seamless, dramatic arrangements and impeccable musicianship".
"Windchase", their second album, was released in February 1976, then they supported the national tour by Santana and released a single "Life, Love and Music", but neither album nor single had any Top 50 chart success. In June, management and internal disagreements led to the Plavsic brothers leaving and an ensuing court decision awarded the band name to Peter Plavsic; consequently Millo and Pilt combined under the name Windchase. They added Doug Nethercote (bass guitar) and Doug Bligh (drums) for the new rhythm section. The Plavsic brothers became backing musicians for The Studs, a Rock n Roll revival group. Windchase played Sebastian Hardie's material which had been written by Millo and by 1977 started recording "Symphinity", which was more jazz-fusion oriented. During album sessions, Nethercote left to be replaced by Duncan McGuire (bass guitar, ex-Doug Parkinson in Focus, Ayers Rock). When the album was released in June, McGuire and Bligh were replaced by Nethercote's return and new member Ralph Cooper (drums). Singles from the album were "Glad to Be Alive" in May and "Flight Call" in October, but neither album nor singles had any chart success. Windchase toured through to October 1977 but the emerging punk and new wave music forms resulted in poor concert audiences and Windchase disbanded.
After the separation.
Ford was a member of Sydney-based band, Pleasure Master in 1986 on guitar and vocals.
Millo worked with Jon English on the 1978 TV series "Against the Wind" soundtrack, and the associated single "Six Ribbons" peaked at No. 8 on the national charts; both the album and its title track were translated as "Mot Alla Vindar" and peaked at No. 1 on the Norwegian albums and singles charts respectively. Millo also released solo albums "Epic III" in November 1979, "Human Games" in March 1983 and "Oceans of the Mind" in 2002. He became better known through his television and movie soundtrack production winning six industry awards for work in "The Lighthorsemen" (1987), "G.P." (1989), "Brides of Christ" (1991, two awards), "See How They Run" (1999) and "Changi" (2001). Original soundtracks released include "Against the Wind" (1978, with Jon English), "World Safari II" (1984), "A Fortunate Life" (1986), "The Lighthorsemen" (1989) and "Brides of Christ" (1991).
Sebastian Hardie briefly reformed in 1994 — with the Plavsic brothers, Millo and Pilt — to perform at a progressive rock festival, ProgFest, in Los Angeles, which was recorded and eventually released as "Sebastian Hardie – Live in L.A." in 1997. They played material from "Four Moments", "Windchase", "Symphinity", and "Epic III". Another reunion occurred in 2003 when supporting the British art rock band, Yes on their Australian tour.
Pilt played keyboards for Ross Ryan during 1979–1983. Since 2004 he recorded CDs with Sydney "progressive chill" band Tramtracks, with Robert Forbes (keyboards, theremin), Mark Hudson on guitar (who had worked with James Reyne before Australian Crawl) and Graeme James on drums.
In 2011 Sebastian Hardie released a new album, Blueprint, through their website.
Members.
Sebastian Hardie Blues Band
Sebastian Hardie
Windchase
Discography.
Singles.
(^^) – material released under the name Windchase

</doc>
<doc id="18589083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589083" title="Rose McGowan">
Rose McGowan

Rose Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973) is an Italian-born American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Paige Matthews in The WB Television Network supernatural drama series "Charmed". She played Ann-Margret alongside Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Elvis Presley in the CBS mini-series "Elvis". In 2008, she was guest programmer and co-host of TCM's film-series program, "The Essentials".
She made her film debut in the 1992 comedy "Encino Man", where she played a small role. Her performance as Amy Blue in the 1995 dark comedy film "The Doom Generation" brought her wider attention, and received an Independent Spirit Award nomination. McGowan then appeared in the 1996 hit horror film "Scream" and starred alongside Ben Affleck in the 1997 coming-of-age feature "Going All the Way". Later, she appeared in several Hollywood films, including "Devil in the Flesh" (1998), "Jawbreaker" (1999), "Ready to Rumble" (2000), "Monkeybone" (2001) and "The Black Dahlia" (2006). In 2007, she was cast in Planet Terror (2007) as part of the double-feature film directed by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino "Grindhouse". She also portrayed the character Grace in the crime thriller film "Fifty Dead Men Walking" (2008).
In 1996, McGowan was the cover model for the Henry Mancini tribute album "Shots in the Dark", and was the face of American clothing company Bebe from 1998 to 1999. She has also appeared on numerous magazine covers, including "Seventeen", "Interview", "Maxim", "GQ", "Entertainment Weekly" and "Rolling Stone". She has also frequently been featured on "Maxim", "FHM" and "Stuff" magazine's sexiest women lists.
Early life.
McGowan, the second-eldest of six children (plus two half-siblings), was born in Florence, Italy, the daughter of Terri, an American writer of French descent, and Daniel McGowan, an artist of Irish descent. Daniel McGowan ran an Italian chapter of the Children of God, to which both he and his wife held membership until 1978. McGowan spent her early childhood amid the group's communes, often traveling Europe with her parents. Interviewed by Howard Stern, she stated she had avoided the group's calls for members to become sexually active as children ("I waited till I was 14.") and described the practice of 'flirty fishing' as "creepy". Through her father's art contacts in Italy, McGowan became a child model and appeared in "Vogue Bambini" and various other Italian magazines. Her parents returned to the United States when she was 10, when they divorced. She subsequently relocated to Oregon. McGowan did not speak English until she moved to the U.S.
McGowan's formative years were spent with her father in Seattle, Washington, attending Roosevelt High School and Nova Alternative High School. At the age of 15, she officially emancipated herself from her parents. McGowan pursued a career in the film industry during her late teens while enrolled in a beauty school as a back-up.
Career.
Early work: 1992–2007.
McGowan made her first appearance in a Hollywood film with a role in the 1992 Pauly Shore comedy "Encino Man". Her role in the 1995 dark comedy "The Doom Generation" brought her to the attention of film critics, and she received a nomination for "Best Debut Performance" at the 1996 Independent Spirit Awards. McGowan was subsequently cast in a supporting role in the 1996 hit horror film "Scream". She was the cover model for the Henry Mancini tribute album "Shots in the Dark", which was released in 1996. She became the face of American clothing company Bebe from 1998 to 1999.
McGowan spent the majority of the 1990s appearing in a variety of independent films, including roles in "Southie", "Going All the Way", and "Lewis & Clark & George". In 1997, she appeared in the critically acclaimed short "Seed," directed by San Francisco-born filmmaker Karin Thayer, and played opposite Peter O'Toole in the 1998 film adaptation of the Dean Koontz novel "Phantoms". Notably, McGowan also starred in the 1998 dark comedy "Jawbreaker", where she played a snooty high school student who tries to cover up a classmate's murder. That role earned McGowan a nomination for Best Villain at the 1999 MTV Movie Awards.
In 2001, McGowan was cast as Paige Matthews in the popular The WB television series "Charmed", as a replacement lead actress after Shannen Doherty's departure from the show. She was offered to be a producer after the seventh season alongside co-stars Holly Marie Combs and Alyssa Milano, but turned it down. The series ended its run on May 21, 2006.
During and after "Charmed", McGowan tackled a variety of different roles. She portrayed actress/singer Ann-Margret in "Elvis", a Golden Globe-winning CBS mini-series about the life of Elvis Presley, and also appeared in Brian De Palma's "The Black Dahlia".
Later work: 2007–present.
In 2007, McGowan headlined the critically acclaimed Quentin Tarantino/Robert Rodriguez double-feature "Grindhouse", released on April 6, 2007. Cast in utterly divergent roles, McGowan appears in both portions of the film, as go-go dancing Cherry Darling in "Planet Terror", and as Pam in "Death Proof". She followed up the project with a role in the IRA thriller "Fifty Dead Men Walking" and a recurring role as a con artist on the acclaimed drama series "Nip/Tuck". After a brief hiatus from film, McGowan shot a cameo in the Robert Rodriguez thriller "Machete", a role ultimately cut but included on the DVD release, and played a semi-homeless junkie in the fantasy drama "Dead Awake".
McGowan's name was attached to several recent films which ended up being unmade. Following the release of "Grindhouse", she signed to play B-movie staple Susan Cabot in "Black Oasis", to be directed by Stephan Elliott. However, the film was affected by the 2007-2008 Writers Guild of America strike and ultimately put on indefinite hold. Another project, a proposed film adaptation of the Sylvia Plath novel "The Bell Jar" alongside Julia Stiles, also never came to fruition. She was also attached to three projects to be produced by Robert Rodriguez, a remake of the science fiction cult classic "Barbarella", a proposed television series titled "Women in Chains!", and a big-screen update of the Red Sonja comic books. After several years of development, Rodriguez announced in 2009 that "Barbarella" had been canceled due to location difficulties, while "Women in Chains!" appears to have never gotten past the script stages and is believed to no longer be in development. 
In addition to film and television, McGowan lent her voice to the video games "Darkwatch", playing a femme fatale named Tala, and "Terminator Salvation", playing a troubled soldier named Angie Salter. She also co-hosted the TCM's film-series program "The Essentials" alongside Robert Osbourne in 2008, discussing classic Hollywood film, a subject close to her heart.
In 2010, McGowan confirmed that "Red Sonja" had been postponed to fit "Conan" continuity, and that the project may resurface depending on the success of "Conan the Barbarian". In 2011, she appears as an evil half-human/half-witch in the comic book adaptation "Conan the Barbarian" and guest starred in an episode of "" as a grifter who targets New York sex clubs. McGowan headlined the psychological thriller "Rosewood Lane" from director Victor Salva, while she appeared in the lead role in the TV movie "The Pastor's Wife" alongside Michael Shanks. McGowan stars in the feature film "The Tell-Tale Heart", an adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe's short story, which was in post-production in 2012. She will also headline the film "Napa", as an Afghanistan war veteran turned Napa county sheriff.
In 2013, she played young Cora in a flashback in the show "Once Upon A Time". In January 2014, she was casted as Josie Acosta for Chosen, a TV series is aired via Crackle, her role will be main in season 3 of the series, which will be premiere later in 2014. The Tell-Tale Heart also gets an official release date : February 12, 2014, her other movie, Rise of the Lonestar Ranger will be released in March 6, 2014 as well.
Moreover, her directorial debut "Dawn" has been premiered at Sundance Film Festival 2014 in Utah.
Music.
While dating Marilyn Manson, McGowan appeared in a music video for the song "Coma White", and also performed backing vocals on the song "Posthuman". Both of these songs are available on the album "Mechanical Animals".
McGowan appeared on a Brian Transeau track called "Superfabulous" from his album "Emotional Technology", which was also featured on the final "Charmed" soundtrack, "The Final Chapter". The song has been featured in several films, including "Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!" and "Raising Helen". She wrote and recorded a song titled "Protection," which was featured in her 2001 film "Strange Hearts". McGowan has also appeared in the Imperial Teen music video for "Yoo Hoo", which was featured on the "Jawbreaker" soundtrack. She also recorded the theme song from the 2010 file, Dead/Awake.
McGowan has expressed interest in recording an album of her own. During an interview with "Living TV", she said, "I was actually thinking of going back and doing more soulful tunes and older tunes...and I would love to, when I have a little bit more time." In the "Charmed" episode "Sense and Sense Ability," McGowan performed, in character, a cover of the Peggy Lee classic "Fever". In 2007, it was announced that McGowan would be performing three songs from the "Planet Terror" portion of "Grindhouse". These songs were released on the soundtrack by the Varèse Sarabande label. The songs are entitled "You Belong to Me" (a Dean Martin/Jo Stafford cover), "Useless Talent #32" and "Two Against the World".
Personal life.
McGowan lived in Seattle, Washington, but currently resides in Los Angeles, California.
McGowan has admitted to sleepwalking as a child: "The weirdest spot I ever woke up was a snow bank in Montreal. Now I just speak Italian in my sleep."
McGowan is an activist for LGBT rights, and campaigned against Proposition 8, which sought to ban same sex marriage in the state of California. McGowan is known as an activist for Boston Terriers. She has two, named Bug and Fester, and has personally donated to various Boston rescues. McGowan reportedly encouraged friends to donate to Boston Terrier Rescue Net, and according to BTRN: "Having fallen in love with Bug and Fester, her friends donated generously. It amounted to a considerable contribution, which will go a long way in helping BTRN and the needy volunteers who selflessly give to deserving Bostons."
McGowan caused controversy during the making of "Fifty Dead Men Walking" when she stated "I imagine, had I grown up in Belfast, I would 100 per cent have been in the IRA. My heart just broke for the cause. Violence is not to be played out daily and provide an answer to problems, but I understand it."
According to an article in the "New York Post", McGowan suffered serious injuries in a car accident early in 2007. Riding as a passenger, her car was struck by another vehicle and the force of the impact drove her eyeglasses into her face. McGowan is quoted as saying, "I didn't realize I was hurt until I put my hand to my face and felt the flap of skin. My glasses had sliced me under my eye." After obtaining the services of a plastic surgeon, McGowan is reported to be suffering no long-lasting consequences from the incident.
Of her acting method, McGowan said "I'm not really one of those people who goes and writes some big backstory and agonizes over characters...For me personally, it's just kind of more instinctive. But I don't have kind of an acting background. I fell into it accidentally."
In late 2009 McGowan was amongst several celebrities who participated in the protest NOH8.
Relationships.
McGowan was in a very public 3 ½-year relationship with rock musician Marilyn Manson. After a formal engagement lasting two years, McGowan ended the relationship over "lifestyle differences." Prior to the release of "Grindhouse", there was speculation that McGowan was dating director Robert Rodriguez. In May 2007, it was reported that they confirmed their relationship while appearing hand-in-hand at the Cannes Film Festival. On October 12, 2007, it was announced by Zap2it.com that McGowan was engaged to Rodriguez. They planned to wed in 2009, but reportedly split in October 2009.
After one year of dating, McGowan became engaged to artist Davey Detail in July 2013. They married on October 12, 2013 in Los Angeles.
Philanthropy.
In 2010 McGowan attended the USO Gala in Washington D.C. to support United States troops and a David Lynch Foundation fund-raising event at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Other awards and recognitions.
In 2006, "Blender" included her on their list of the sexiest women of TV and film. The most recent award won by McGowan was under the category "Femme Fatale" for the 2007 "Spike Guys' Choice Awards", which aired June 13, 2007. The award was for the role of Cherry in "Grindhouse". McGowan was nominated for "Scream Queen" at the 2007 Scream Awards on Spike for her performance in "Grindhouse". In 2008, she won the Midnight Award at the San Francisco International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="18589091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589091" title="Ron Eglash">
Ron Eglash

Ron Eglash (born December 25, 1958 in Chestertown, MD) is an American cyberneticist, university professor, and author widely known for his work in the field of ethnomathematics, which aims to study the diverse relationships between math and culture. His research includes the use of fractal patterns in African architecture, art, and religion, and the relationships between indigenous cultures and modern technology, such as that between Native American cultural and spiritual practices and cybernetics. He holds a bachelor's degree in cybernetics, a master's in systems engineering, and a Ph.D. in history of consciousness, all at the University of California. A Fulbright fellowship enabled his postdoctoral field research on African ethnomathematics, which was later published in the book "African Fractals: Modern Computing and Indigenous Design".
Dr. Eglash has also conducted studies in teaching children math and computing through simulations of indigenous and vernacular cultural practices. He explains that the simulations do not impose math externally, but rather translate the mathematical ideas already present in the cultural practices to their equivalent form in school-taught math. Examples include transformational geometry in cornrow braiding, spiral arcs in graffiti, least common multiples in percussion rhythms, and analytic geometry in Native American beadwork. His approach is one of many attempts to draw the inspiration to learn out of students' own cultural backgrounds. 
He also studies social justice issues as they manifest in the practice of science and technology, ranging from the ethnic identity of “nerds” to the so-called appropriation of science and technology by groups disempowered on the bases of race, class, gender. Another branch of this research explores how the “bottom-up” egalitarian principles found in many indigenous cultures could be applied to modern society in fields from economics to political science.
He has served as a senior lecturer in comparative studies at Ohio State University, and currently works as an associate professor in the Department of Science and Technology Studies at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where he has taught courses on science and social theory, the history of information technology, and a design studio for the Product Design and Innovation program.

</doc>
<doc id="18589100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589100" title="Om Thanvi">
Om Thanvi

Om Thanvi Phalodi, Distt. Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India is a writer and editor.
Om Thanvi grew-up in Bikaner and took his post graduation degree in Business Administration from Rajasthan University . He joined mainstream Hindi journalism in 1980 in Jaipur. Currently he is the editor of "Jansatta", a newspaper of Indian Express Group published from Delhi. 
He had been Secretary General of Editors Guild of India for two terms as well as Vice President of the South Asia Free Media Association (SAFMA) and member of the National Integration Council, headed by Prime Minister of India. He is on the Advisory Council of the India International Center (IIC), New Delhi.
Before joining "Jansatta" in Delhi, he had worked in Chandigarh for ten years (1989–1999) as its resident editor. These were the years when Punjab was in the grip of terrorism and all the institutions of democracy, including the press, were under severe attack. Jansatta remained the only major paper that did not succumb to the "Code of Conduct" imposed by the terrorists on press.
Prior to joining "Jansatta", Om Thanvi had edited "Itwari Patrika" (1980–1987), a Hindi literary and cultural weekly and had also worked as editor-in-charge of "Rajasthan Patrika" in Bikaner (1987–1989), the widely read daily of Rajasthan.
He is known for his social and cultural concerns. He has personally been engaged in theatre, literature and environmental activities. Has keen interest in history and anthropology; particularly in music, cinema, painting, architecture and language. 
25
He writes travelogues and critical essays. His book "Muanjodaro", a travelogue tracing remains of the Indus Valley Civilization, was widely acclaimed in the literary circles. 
On birth centenary of S.H. Vatsyayan Ajneya he edited a two-volume anthology of memoirs "Apne Apne Agyey' consisting 100 contributions of writers from Hindi and other languages. 
Om Thanvi is frequently invited by Indian TV channels as a political commentator for his views and comments on Indian politics. Mr Thanvi has been writing a column for "Jansatta" entitled "Anantar" over the last many years which has a committed readership.
Om Thanvi is a recipient of many awards. He was awarded with Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi Puraskar for Journalism by the President of India. Other awards include Shamsher Samman for Prose, Haldi Ghati Award for journalism and SAARC Literary Award.

</doc>
<doc id="18589105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589105" title="Gerald Phipps">
Gerald Phipps

Gerald Phipps (March 4, 1915 – August 6, 1993) was a businessman, President of Gerald H. Phipps, Inc., a construction company, and owner of the Denver Broncos American football club from 1961 to 1981.
Phipps and Cal Kunz purchased the Broncos from founder Bob Howsam in May 1961. Phipps was chairman of the National Football League Finance Committee from 1970 to 1981. During Phipps' tenure as owner, the Broncos earned their first trip to the Super Bowl (in 1978) participating in Super Bowl XII and saw a significant rise in Denver Broncos popularity, called “Broncomania.” In 1975, Phipps became the first non-player to be inducted into the Broncos Ring of Fame. He is also a member of the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame.
Phipps was also the owner of the Denver Bears minor league baseball team. He was a director of Rocky Mountain Empire Sports Inc., which owned the Denver Bears minor league baseball team from 1947 to 1984 

</doc>
<doc id="18589160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589160" title="Systematics, Inc">
Systematics, Inc

Systematics Incorporated was a data processing company acquired in 1968 by Arkansas superinvestor Jackson T. Stephens. In 1990 it was sold to Alltel Corporation, and today is a part of Fidelity Information Systems.
Fidelity Information Systems still use the name 'Systematics' as the name of a retail banking software product suite.
Systematics employees have held two reunions, most recently the 40th Anniversary Reunion in 2008. Pictures from both reunions and current information about former employees is available at the website - www.sireunion.org.
Beginnings.
Systematics was founded in 1968 by University of Arkansas graduate Walter Smiley, who learned of the high software costs and other difficulties faced by small banks in trying to using data processing software from his experiences working with IBM and in the banking industry. Smiley recognized a niche that could be filled for medium-sized banks in this space, and sought funding to start his own company. Through Jon Jacoby, Smiley was introduced to the Stephens family, who agreed to invest $400,000 in Walter and Systematics in return for 80% equity stake.
Systematics distinguished itself early on from other players in the industry. "In the data processing business," according to Walter, "it’s real easy to get yourself in a position where you’ve got to sell for tomorrow for the sake of today. The Stephens people were just the opposite. They always encouraged us to prepare for the long term, to do it right."
Walter quietly expanded his business over the next 12 years, eventually finding a way to license its software to banks, and ultimately going public. In 1990 it was sold to Alltel Corporation. The name was changed to Alltel Information Services (AIS) in 1994. The Stephens family remained an investor, acquiring Alltel stock in the transaction. In 2003, Alltel sold the Information Services subsidiary to Fidelity National Financial. This business is known today as Fidelity National Information Services (FIS).
Affiliations.
One of the lawyers Stephens hired to represent the company was a bright young attorney named Hillary Rodham. After she joined the Rose Law Firm, Stephens employed the firm and engaged its partners — including the now-married Hillary Rodham Clinton, Vince Foster and Webster Hubbell — in several of his ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="18589162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589162" title="Indorphine">
Indorphine

Indorphine is an alternative metal band from Orlando, Florida.
History.
Like many influential grassroots bands before them, Indorphine began in the garage of lead singer Jimmy Grant as he, and high school friend and drummer Everett Sailor, annoyed their Kissimmee neighbors with their loud and abstract music. One day however a neighbor from across the street, interested instead of disgusted in the odd noises resonating daily, introduced himself as Buddy Fischel to the already named duo Indorphine with an interest in jamming their fucking socks off. An experienced guitar player from Syracuse, NY, Indorphine was almost complete with the addition of Buddy, yet they still needed someone to shred. Adam Phillips, another New Yorker and guitar virtuoso was one of Indorphine’s earliest diehard local fans until the beginnings of Indorphine heard his extensive talent and made him an official member. After Indorphine’s first bass player left the band over boredom, current bass player and vocalist Indiana native Tanner Owings took a chance leaving the very popular Orlando band Milka to explore his options with the experimental Indorphine; completing today’s bombastic lineup.
Shortly after the Holiday Hate Tour with Psychostick and Screaming Mechanical Brain in 2007, Indorphine suddenly, and without notice, disbanded. Two months later Jimmy Grant resurfaced as the new bassist for Psychostick - a position he would quit in December 2009.
In September 2010, Jimmy Grant posted a video, hinting at Indorphine reuniting with its five original members. Jimmy, along with Tanner Owings and Everett Sailor, have been working on a concept album entitled "Cowboy Maloney's Electric City vs. The Chocolate Chewbaccapocalypse" for the past few months. The band made their live return on January 7 with new guitarist Marshall Stephens, as Buddy will not be rejoining the band due to family life.
Stage Show.
Indorphine was heavily known in the southeast as one the best metal bands to see live. The stage show consisted of swapping instruments with each other for different songs. One example of that would be the song 'Kingdoms Fall'. Jimmy Grant (vocals) plays bass on this track while Tanner Owings (bass) sings it. Also 'Porticulture' (aka. the Punk rock song) features Buddy on vocals and Tanner on guitar. Only recorded for their live album 'Ninja's, midgets, and handguns' the groups track 'Wacca Dacca' features Buddy, and Tanner singing two verses. Jimmy playing bass, and for the bridge Adam plays a snare drum solo. The song crescendos into Tanner, Buddy, and Everett slamming rhythmically in unison on the cymbals ending the track.
Awards.
Orlando Music Awards 
Song Title of the Week - "Motor Driven Puppy Stabber" 
Endorsments.
Michael Kelly Guitars <br>
Traben Basses<br>
Xcel Drumsticks<br>
Kustom Bass Amps <br>
Jagermeister

</doc>
<doc id="18589176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589176" title="Japan National Route 177">
Japan National Route 177

National Route 177 is a national highway in Japan connecting Maizuru-Port (Maizuru, Kyoto) and Maizuru, Kyoto. It's total length is 0.7 km (0.43 mi). It is one of the shortest national highways in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="18589178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589178" title="Prince Valiant (1954 film)">
Prince Valiant (1954 film)

Prince Valiant is a 1954 adventure film in Technicolor and Cinemascope, based on the comic strip of the same name by Hal Foster. A young man seeks to join the Knights of the Round Table in order to restore his father to his own kingship, and uncovers a plot against King Arthur.
Plot summary.
The story begins with the recounting of the forced exile which has befallen the Christian royal family of the Viking kingdom of Scandia - King Aguar (Donald Crisp), his wife, and his son Prince Valiant (Robert Wagner) - by the Viking rebels led by the usurper Sligon (Primo Carnera), a worshipper of the old Norse god pantheon. Aguar has since come under the protection of King Arthur (Brian Aherne), and once Valiant has grown to a man, he is sent to Camelot to undergo training as a knight under the tutelage of Aguar's family friend, the noble knight of the Round Table, Sir Gawain (Sterling Hayden).
During his wanderings, Valiant witnesses a clandestine meeting between a group of Sligon's Vikings and a black-clad knight. He is discovered, but with slyness and improvisation manages to elude his pursuers. During his flight, Valiant runs into Gawain, and after becoming convinced that Valiant is indeed the son of Aguar and hearing the prince's story of the mysterious Black Knight, who is not unknown to the knights of Camelot, Gawain takes Valiant to his king. Valiant is accepted by the king as a prospective knight, but first he has, like any other knight apparent, to undergo the rigors of squirehood. One of the royal knights, Sir Brack (James Mason), takes an extraordinary interest in Valiant and offers to train him, but Valiant is instead assigned to Gawain.
Some time later, Sir Brack offers to take Valiant to the place where the young prince has seen the Black Knight in order to backtrack the mysterious figure. Once there, they separate, but shortly afterwards Valiant is ambushed by a group of bowmen and barely escapes with his life and an arrow in his back. Wounded, he stumbles into the territory of King Luke (Barry Jones and is taken in by his daughters, Aleta (Janet Leigh) and Ilene (Debra Paget). Upon recovery, Aleta and Valiant fall in love, but King Luke disapproves of Valiant's Viking origin and so their relationship must remain a secret for the time being. From Aleta, Valiant also learns that her younger sister Ilene has a crush on Sir Gawain.
Valiant returns to Camelot and discovers to his shock that Gawain, who had grown worried over his squire, had tried to find him and run into an ambush by the Black Knight as well, likewise having escaped within an inch of his life. Noting that Sir Brack had temporarily disappeared around the same time, Valiant becomes suspicious, but on the advice of Gawain, suppresses his suspicion of Brack. Some time later, Aleta and Ilene come to Camelot to attend a tournament held in their honor; as an added prize, the winner of this joust will win Aleta's hand. Valiant dons the armor of Gawain, who is too seriously wounded to participate, in order to win Aleta, but he fails and is unmasked. But then another contender appears and wins the bout before falling off his horse - and this knight turns out to be Sir Gawain himself. Awakening on his sickbed, Gawain beholds Aleta and falls head over heels in love with her, and out of respect for his patron, Valiant does not dare tell him the truth.
For his act of presumption, Valiant is punished to being confined to his quarters and attending to his master. But then a mysterious messenger comes to the castle to see Sir Brack, and the same night King Aguar's seal is thrown through the window of Sir Gawain's chambers and lands at Valiant's feet. Realizing that his parents are in trouble, Valiant immediately leaves Camelot, leaving a bewildered Aleta behind. But as he prepares to return to his home, he is ambushed and captured by Sligon's Vikings and the Black Knight, who reveals himself as Sir Brack. Brack has made a pact with Sligon: For delivering King Aguar's family, Sligon will assist Brack in conquering Camelot and assuming rulership over Britain.
Shortly, Aleta, who is unwilling to let Valiant run off, arrives at the scene and is captured herself, and the two are brought to Thule, where Sligon prepares their execution and that of Valiant's parents. However, a group of Christian Vikings led by Aguar and Valiant's old friend Boltar (Victor McLaglen) prepare to stage a revolution, and Boltar infiltrates the castle. Valiant manages to escape his cell and team up with Boltar, who intends to assassinate Sligon while Valiant is to give an attack signal to their cohorts once Sligon has fallen. But Valiant is discovered before Boltar manages to kill Sligon, and during his struggle with a guard a false signal is given which makes the Christian Vikings attack too early. Just as things seem bleak, Valiant manages to set fire to several parts of the castle, throwing the defenders into confusion, and eventually slays Sligon in single combat.
Some time later, Valiant returns with Aleta to Camelot and accuses Brack of treachery before the king and the assembled Round Table. Brack calls for a judicial duel to the death, and despite Gawain's protests and his offer to fight in Valiant's stead, the young prince accepts the challenge and succeeds in killing the traitor with his father's sword after a long and hard fight. Following its resolution, Valiant offers Aleta back to his master, but Gawain stays his hand; during the long period of worry over their loved ones, the older knight has finally come to learn the truth, and he and Ilene have fallen in love with each other. In the end, Valiant is finally made a fully privileged Knight of the Round Table.
Notes.
The print of "Prince Valiant" shown on Fox Movie Channel been panned-and-scanned, denying viewers the opportunity to revel in Henry Hathaway's creative utilization of the CinemaScope format. However, the DVD is presented in anamorphic widescreen.

</doc>
<doc id="18589187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589187" title="James Sharpe (Australian politician)">
James Sharpe (Australian politician)

James Benjamin Sharpe (1868 – 8 July 1935) was an Australian politician. Born in Kiama, New South Wales, he was educated at public schools and moved to Queensland while a young man. He was a tobacconist, labour journalist and press proprietor, as well as an alderman with Brisbane City Council. In 1913, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Labor member for Oxley. He held the seat until his defeat in 1917, after which he became a life insurance officer. Sharpe died in 1935 and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="18589207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589207" title="Southern Colorado Stars">
Southern Colorado Stars

Southern Colorado Stars are an American soccer team, founded in 2007. The indoor team is a member of the Premier Arena Soccer League (PASL), the development league for the Professional Arena Soccer League (PASL-Pro), and plays in the Rocky Mountain Conference against teams from Albuquerque NM, Rio Rancho NM, Parker CO, Windsor CO, Golden CO, and Fort Collins CO. The SoCo Stars have been previously known as the Pikes Peak Stars and the Colorado Rush before the beginning of the Summer 2008 season.
They play their home matches at the Colorado Sports Center in the city of Monument, Colorado. The indoor team's colors also are red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="18589208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589208" title="1958 San Francisco 49ers season">
1958 San Francisco 49ers season

The 1958 San Francisco 49ers season was the team's ninth in the NFL. The team had an 8–4 record the previous season. During a four game road trip, the 49ers only won one game and finished with a 6–6 record, 4th place in the NFL Western Division. Each of the team's quarterbacks, Y.A. Tittle and John Brodie, started six of the twelve games and ended the season with similar statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="18589212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589212" title="Reverse osmosis">
Reverse osmosis

Reverse osmosis (RO) is a water purification technology that uses a semipermeable membrane. This membrane technology is not properly a filtration method. In reverse osmosis, an applied pressure is used to overcome osmotic pressure, a colligative property, that is driven by chemical potential, a thermodynamic parameter. Reverse osmosis can remove many types of molecules and ions from solutions, and is used in both industrial processes and producing potable water. The result is the solute is retained on the pressurized side of the membrane and the pure solvent is allowed to pass to the other side. To be "selective", this membrane should not allow large molecules or ions through the pores (holes), but should allow smaller components of the solution (such as the solvent) to pass freely.
In the normal osmosis process, the solvent naturally moves from an area of low solute concentration (high water potential), through a membrane, to an area of high solute concentration (low water potential). The movement of a pure solvent is driven to reduce the free energy of the system by equalizing solute concentrations on each side of a membrane, generating osmotic pressure. Applying an external pressure to reverse the natural flow of pure solvent, thus, is reverse osmosis. The process is similar to other membrane technology applications. However, key differences are found between reverse osmosis and filtration. The predominant removal mechanism in membrane filtration is straining, or size exclusion, so the process can theoretically achieve perfect exclusion of particles regardless of operational parameters such as influent pressure and concentration. Moreover, reverse osmosis involves a diffusive mechanism, so that separation efficiency is dependent on solute concentration, pressure, and water flux rate. Reverse osmosis is most commonly known for its use in drinking water purification from seawater, removing the salt and other effluent materials from the water molecules.
History.
The process of osmosis through semipermeable membranes was first observed in 1748 by Jean-Antoine Nollet. For the following 200 years, osmosis was only a phenomenon observed in the laboratory. In 1949, the University of California at Los Angeles first investigated desalination of seawater using semipermeable membranes. Researchers from both University of California at Los Angeles and the University of Florida successfully produced fresh water from seawater in the mid-1950s, but the flux was too low to be commercially viable until the discovery at University of California at Los Angeles by Sidney Loeb and Srinivasa Sourirajan at the National Research Council of Canada, Ottawa, of techniques for making asymmetric membranes characterized by an effectively thin "skin" layer supported atop a highly porous and much thicker substrate region of the membrane. By the end of 2001, about 15,200 desalination plants were in operation or in the planning stages worldwide.
Process.
Osmosis is a natural process. When two liquids with different concentrations of a solute are separated by a semipermeable membrane, the fluid has a tendency to move from low to high solute concentrations for chemical potential equilibrium.
Formally, reverse osmosis is the process of forcing a solvent from a region of high solute concentration through a semipermeable membrane to a region of low solute concentration by applying a pressure in excess of the osmotic pressure. The largest and most important application of reverse osmosis is the separation of pure water from seawater and brackish waters; seawater or brackish water is pressurized against one surface of the membrane, causing transport of salt-depleted water across the membrane and emergence of potable drinking water from the low-pressure side.
The membranes used for reverse osmosis have a dense layer in the polymer matrix—either the skin of an asymmetric membrane or an interfacially polymerized layer within a thin-film-composite membrane—where the separation occurs. In most cases, the membrane is designed to allow only water to pass through this dense layer, while preventing the passage of solutes (such as salt ions). This process requires that a high pressure be exerted on the high concentration side of the membrane, usually 2–17 bar (30–250 psi) for fresh and brackish water, and 40–82 bar (600–1200 psi) for seawater, which has around 27 bar (390 psi) natural osmotic pressure that must be overcome. This process is best known for its use in desalination (removing the salt and other minerals from sea water to get fresh water), but since the early 1970s, it has also been used to purify fresh water for medical, industrial, and domestic applications.
Fresh water applications.
Drinking water purification.
Around the world, household drinking water purification systems, including a reverse osmosis step, are commonly used for improving water for drinking and cooking.
Such systems typically include a number of steps:
In some systems, the carbon prefilter is omitted, and cellulose triacetate membrane is used. The cellulose triacetate membrane is prone to rotting unless protected by chlorinated water, while the thin film composite membrane is prone to breaking down under the influence of chlorine. In cellulose triacetate membrane systems, a carbon postfilter is needed to remove chlorine from the final product, water.
Portable reverse osmosis water processors are sold for personal water purification in various locations. To work effectively, the water feeding to these units should be under some pressure ( or greater is the norm). Portable reverse osmosis water processors can be used by people who live in rural areas without clean water, far away from the city's water pipes. Rural people filter river or ocean water themselves, as the device is easy to use (saline water may need special membranes). Some travelers on long boating, fishing, or island camping trips, or in countries where the local water supply is polluted or substandard, use reverse osmosis water processors coupled with one or more ultraviolet sterilizers. Reverse osmosis systems are also now extensively used by marine aquarium enthusiasts. In the production of bottled mineral water, the water passes through an reverse osmosis water processor to remove pollutants and microorganisms. In European countries, though, such processing of natural mineral water (as defined by a European Directive) is not allowed under European law. In practice, a fraction of the living bacteria can and do pass through reverse osmosis membranes through minor imperfections, or bypass the membrane entirely through tiny leaks in surrounding seals. Thus, complete reverse osmosis systems may include additional water treatment stages that use ultraviolet light or ozone to prevent microbiological contamination.
Membrane pore sizes can vary from 0.1 to 5,000 nm (4×10−9 to 2×10−4 in) depending on filter type. "Particle filtration" removes particles of or larger. Microfiltration removes particles of 50 nm or larger. Ultrafiltration removes particles of roughly 3 nm or larger. "Nanofiltration" removes particles of 1 nm or larger. Reverse osmosis is in the final category of membrane filtration, "hyperfiltration", and removes particles larger than 0.1 nm.
A reverse osmosis water purification unit (ROWPU) is a portable, self-contained water treatment plant. Designed for military use, it can provide potable water from nearly any water source. There are many models in use by the United States armed forces and the Canadian Forces. Some models are containerized, some are trailers, and some are vehicles unto themselves.
Each branch of the United States armed forces has their own series of reverse osmosis water purification unit models, but they are all similar. The water is pumped from its raw source into the reverse osmosis water purification unit module, where it is treated with a polymer to initiate coagulation. Next, it is run through a multi-media filter where it undergoes ion exchange. It is then pumped through a cartridge filter which is usually spiral-wound cotton. This process clarifies the water of any particles larger than and eliminates almost all turbidity.
The clarified water is then fed through a high-pressure piston pump into a series of vessels where it is subject to reverse osmosis. The product water is free of 90.00–99.98% of the raw water's total dissolved solids and by military standards, should have no more than 1000–1500 parts per million by measure of electrical conductivity. It is then disinfected with chlorine and stored for later use.
Within the United States Marine Corps, the reverse osmosis water purification unit has been replaced by both the Lightweight Water Purification System and Tactical Water Purification Systems . The Lightweight Water Purification Systems can be transported by Humvee and filters per hour. The Tactical Water Purification Systems can be carried on a Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement truck, and can filter per hour.
Water and wastewater purification.
Rain water collected from storm drains is purified with reverse osmosis water processors and used for landscape irrigation and industrial cooling in Los Angeles and other cities, as a solution to the problem of water shortages.
In industry, reverse osmosis removes minerals from boiler water at power plants. The water is distilled multiple times. It must be as pure as possible so it does not leave deposits on the machinery or cause corrosion. The deposits inside or outside the boiler tubes may result in underperformance of the boiler, bringing down its efficiency and resulting in poor steam production, hence poor power production at the turbine.
It is also used to clean effluent and brackish groundwater. The effluent in larger volumes (more than 500 m3/d) should be treated in an effluent treatment plant first, and then the clear effluent is subjected to reverse osmosis system. Treatment cost is reduced significantly and membrane life of the reverse osmosis system is increased.
The process of reverse osmosis can be used for the production of deionized water.
Reverse osmosis process for water purification does not require thermal energy. Flow-through reverse osmosis systems can be regulated by high-pressure pumps. The recovery of purified water depends upon various factors, including membrane sizes, membrane pore size, temperature, operating pressure, and membrane surface area.
In 2002, Singapore announced that a process named NEWater would be a significant part of its future water plans. It involves using reverse osmosis to treat domestic wastewater before discharging the NEWater back into the reservoirs.
Food industry.
In addition to desalination, reverse osmosis is a more economical operation for concentrating food liquids (such as fruit juices) than conventional heat-treatment processes. Research has been done on concentration of orange juice and tomato juice. Its advantages include a lower operating cost and the ability to avoid heat-treatment processes, which makes it suitable for heat-sensitive substances such as the protein and enzymes found in most food products.
Reverse osmosis is extensively used in the dairy industry for the production of whey protein powders and for the concentration of milk to reduce shipping costs. In whey applications, the whey (liquid remaining after cheese manufacture) is concentrated with reverse osmosis from 6% total solids to 10–20% total solids before ultrafiltration processing. The ultrafiltration retentate can then be used to make various whey powders, including whey protein isolate. Additionally, the ultrafiltration permeate, which contains lactose, is concentrated by reverse osmosis from 5% total solids to 18–22% total solids to reduce crystallization and drying costs of the lactose powder.
Although use of the process was once avoided in the wine industry, it is now widely understood and used. An estimated 60 reverse osmosis machines were in use in Bordeaux, France, in 2002. Known users include many of the elite classed growths (Kramer) such as Château Léoville-Las Cases in Bordeaux.
Maple syrup production.
In 1946, some maple syrup producers started using reverse osmosis to remove water from sap before the sap is boiled down to syrup. The use of reverse osmosis allows about 75-90% of the water to be removed from the sap, reducing energy consumption and exposure of the syrup to high temperatures. Microbial contamination and degradation of the membranes must be monitored.
Hydrogen production.
For small-scale hydrogen production, reverse osmosis is sometimes used to prevent formation of minerals on the surface of electrodes.
Reef aquariums.
Many reef aquarium keepers use reverse osmosis systems for their artificial mixture of seawater. Ordinary tap water can contain excessive chlorine, chloramines, copper, nitrates, nitrites, phosphates, silicates, or many other chemicals detrimental to the sensitive organisms in a reef environment. Contaminants such as nitrogen compounds and phosphates can lead to excessive and unwanted algae growth. An effective combination of both reverse osmosis and deionization is the most popular among reef aquarium keepers, and is preferred above other water purification processes due to the low cost of ownership and minimal operating costs. Where chlorine and chloramines are found in the water, carbon filtration is needed before the membrane, as the common residential membrane used by reef keepers does not cope with these compounds.
Window cleaning.
An increasingly popular method of cleaning windows is the so-called "water-fed pole" system. Instead of washing the windows with detergent in the conventional way, they are scrubbed with highly purified water, typically containing less than 10 ppm dissolved solids, using a brush on the end of a long pole which is wielded from ground level. Reverse osmosis is commonly used to purify the water.
Desalination.
Areas that have either no or limited surface water or groundwater may choose to desalinate. Reverse osmosis is an increasingly common method of desalination, because of its relatively low energy consumption. In recent years, energy consumption has dropped to around 3 kWh/m3, with the development of more efficient energy recovery devices and improved membrane materials. According to the International Desalination Association, for 2011, reverse osmosis was used in 66% of installed desalination capacity (44.5 of 67.4 Mm3/day), and nearly all new plants. Other plants mainly use thermal distillation methods: Multiple-effect distillation and multi-stage flash.
Sea water reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination, a membrane process, has been commercially used since the early 1970s. Its first practical use was demonstrated by Sidney Loeb from University of California at Los Angeles in Coalinga, California, and Srinivasa Sourirajan of National Research council, Canada. Because no heating or phase changes are needed, energy requirements are low, around 3 kWh/m3, in comparison to other processes of desalination, but are still much higher than those required for other forms of water supply, including reverse osmosis treatment of wastewater, at 0.1 to 1 kWh/m3. Up to 50% of the seawater input can be recovered as fresh water, though lower recoveries may reduce membrane fouling and energy consumption.
Brackish water reverse osmosis refers to desalination of water with a lower salt content than sea water, usually from river estuaries or saline wells. The process is substantially the same as sea water reverse osmosis, but requires lower pressures and therefore less energy. Up to 80% of the feed water input can be recovered as fresh water, depending on feed salinity.
The Ashkelon sea water reverse osmosis desalination plant in Israel is the largest in the world. The project was developed as a build-operate-transfer by a consortium of three international companies: Veolia water, IDE Technologies, and Elran.
The typical single-pass sea water reverse osmosis system consists of:
Pretreatment.
Pretreatment is important when working with reverse osmosis and nanofiltration membranes due to the nature of their spiral-wound design. The material is engineered in such a fashion as to allow only one-way flow through the system. As such, the spiral-wound design does not allow for backpulsing with water or air agitation to scour its surface and remove solids. Since accumulated material cannot be removed from the membrane surface systems, they are highly susceptible to fouling (loss of production capacity). Therefore, pretreatment is a necessity for any reverse osmosis or nanofiltration system. Pretreatment in sea water reverse osmosis systems has four major components:
High pressure pump (If not combined with energy recovery).
The high pressure pump supplies the pressure needed to push water through the membrane, even as the membrane rejects the passage of salt through it. Typical pressures for brackish water range from 225 to 375 psi (15.5 to 26 bar, or 1.6 to 2.6 MPa). In the case of seawater, they range from 800 to 1,180 psi (55 to 81.5 bar or 6 to 8 MPa). This requires a large amount of energy. Where energy recovery is used, all or part of the high pressure pump's work is done by the energy recovery device, reducing the system energy input.
Membrane assembly.
The membrane assembly consists of a pressure vessel with a membrane that allows feedwater to be pressed against it. The membrane must be strong enough to withstand whatever pressure is applied against it. reverse osmosis membranes are made in a variety of configurations, with the two most common configurations being spiral-wound and hollow-fiber.
Only a part of the saline feed water pumped into the membrane assembly passes through the membrane with the salt removed. The remaining "concentrate" flow passes along the saline side of the membrane to flush away the concentrated salt solution. The percentage of desalinated water produced versus the saline water feed flow is known as the "recovery ratio". This varies with the salinity of the feed water and the system design parameters: typically 20% for small seawater systems, 40% for larger seawater systems, and 80% for brackish water. The concentrate flow is at typically only 3 bar / 50 psi less than the feed pressure, and thus still carries much of the high pressure pump input energy.
The desalinated water purity is a function of the system design. Higher purity needs more equipment and more energy. Purity expressed as total dissolved solids typically varies from 100 to 400 parts per million (ppm or milligram/litre). A level of 500 ppm is generally accepted as the upper limit for drinking water, while the US Food and Drug Administration classifies mineral water as water containing at least 250 ppm.
Energy recovery (if used).
Energy recovery can reduce energy consumption by 50% or more. Much of the high pressure pump input energy can be recovered from the concentrate flow, and the increasing efficiency of energy recovery devices has greatly reduced the energy needs of reverse osmosis desalination. Devices used, in order of invention, are...
Remineralisation and pH adjustment.
The desalinated water is "stabilized" to protect downstream pipelines and storages, usually by adding lime or caustic to prevent corrosion of concrete-lined surfaces. Liming material is used to adjust pH between 6.8 and 8.1 to meet the potable water specifications, primarily for effective disinfection and for corrosion control. Remineralisation may be needed to replace minerals removed from the water by desalination.
Disinfection.
Post-treatment consists of preparing the water for distribution after filtration. Reverse osmosis is an effective barrier to pathogens, but post-treatment provides secondary protection against compromised membranes and downstream problems. Disinfection by means of UV lamps (sometimes called germicidal or bactericidal) may be employed to sterilize pathogens which bypassed the reverse osmosis process. Chlorination or chloramination (chlorine and ammonia) protects against pathogens which may have lodged in the distribution system downstream, such as from new construction, backwash, compromised pipes, etc.
Disadvantages.
Household reverse osmosis units use a lot of water because they have low back pressure. As a result, they recover only 5 to 15% of the water entering the system. The remainder is discharged as waste water. Because waste water carries with it the rejected contaminants, methods to recover this water are not practical for household systems. Wastewater is typically connected to the house drains and will add to the load on the household septic system. A reverse osmosis unit delivering five gallons of treated water per day may discharge between 20 and 90 gallons of waste water per day.
Large-scale industrial/municipal systems recover typically 75% to 80% of the feed water, or as high as 90%, because they can generate the high pressure needed for higher recovery reverse osmosis filtration. On the other hand, as recovery of wastewater increases in commercial operations, effective contaminant removal rates tend to become reduced, as evidenced by product water total dissolved solids levels.
Due to its fine membrane construction, reverse osmosis not only removes harmful contaminants present in the water, but it also may strip many of the good, healthy minerals from the water. A number of peer-reviewed studies have looked at the long-term health effects of drinking demineralized water. However, demineralized water can be remineralized and this process has been done in instances when processing demineralized water for consumption.
New developments.
Prefiltration of high-fouling waters with another, larger-pore membrane with less hydraulic energy requirement, has been evaluated and sometimes used, since the 1970s. However, this means the water passes through two membranes and is often repressurized, requiring more energy input in the system, increasing the cost.
Other recent development work has focused on integrating reverse osmosis with electrodialysis to improve recovery of valuable deionized products or minimize concentrate volume requiring discharge or disposal.

</doc>
<doc id="18589220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589220" title="Corrie Lothrop">
Corrie Lothrop

Corrie Dong Quan Lothrop (born March 26, 1992 in Wuhan, China) is an American artistic gymnast. She was an alternate for the United States' 2008 Olympic women's gymnastics team. She was adopted from China at age two. Corrie trained with Kelli Hill at her gym, Hill's Angels, which also produced Olympians Dominique Dawes, Elise Ray, and Courtney Kupets. She previously trained at her family gym, Yellow Jackets Gymnastics, in Middleton, MA. She was signed to the University of Utah for the '10 season.
Junior career.
Corrie first qualified to Junior International Elite, after switching to Hill's Gymnastics in 2005. She skipped the US Classic with a minor injury. At her first nationals, Corrie placed third on vault, and sixth all-around, earning a spot on the National Team. She was chosen for a training camp with other Pan American gymnasts, but was then injured. Corrie competed at her first international meet in 2007, at the Gymnix International, where she won vault and three other bronze medals. Corrie then unfortunately suffered an ankle injury that affected her performance at the US National Championships, but she did make her second national team.
Senior career.
Corrie's first year as a senior in 2008 she competed at the Friendship Exchange. She then competed at the US Classic where she placed 2nd all-around and won bars. Her next meet was the US National Championships, where she placed eighth all-around, once again earning a spot on a national team (her first senior team.) With that performance she qualified for the Olympic Trials. During the Olympic Trials she then was invitied to the final selection camp, and was then named an alternate to the team. In the fall she was selected for the PAGU Event Championships where she won vault, and finished second on bars, beam and floor. At the International Gymnastics Challenge she won the all-around and helped the United States team win first place. Corrie then competed at the Maryland Classic in January 2009, in which she won vault and floor. At the Parkette Invitational she won vault, bars, beam, and the all-around. She was selected for the European Tour. She placed second all-around at the USA vs Germany meet. She also contributed at the USA vs France meet. While training for the elite season, Corrie tore her Achilles Tendon and was out for the rest of the season.
College career.
Lothrop started Utah University in the fall of 2010. She is majoring in Health Promotion and Education. In 2011, she injured her ankle. Later in 2013, during a floor warm up, she suffered season ending injury

</doc>
<doc id="18589225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589225" title="Terpstra">
Terpstra

Terpstra is a surname of Frisian origin, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589235" title="Plane">
Plane

Plane or planes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589247" title="James Bayley (politician)">
James Bayley (politician)

James Garfield Bayley (26 March 1882 – 14 January 1968) was an Australian politician. Born in Franklin, Tasmania, he moved to Queensland as a child. He was educated at Brisbane Grammar School and at Stanford University in the United States. He returned to Australia as a teacher and eventually a school principal. In 1917, he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives as the Nationalist member for Oxley. He held the seat until his defeat in 1931. In 1933, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Queensland as the member for Wynnum, representing the Country and Progressive National Party. He held Wynnum until 1935. Bayley died in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="18589255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589255" title="Sovetashen">
Sovetashen

Sovetashen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589339" title="Utah Division (D&amp;RGW)">
Utah Division (D&amp;RGW)

The Utah Division of the former Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad (D&RGW) is a rail line that connects Grand Junction, Colorado and Salt Lake City, Utah (formerly Ogden) in the Western United States. It is now incorporated into the Union Pacific Railroad (UP) system as its Green River and Provo Subdivisions, forming a portion of the Denver-Nevada Central Corridor. Daily passenger service is provided by Amtrak's "California Zephyr", and the BNSF Railway and Utah Railway have trackage rights over the line.
The line dates back to the early 1880s, when the predecessors of the D&RGW completed a Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge line through the Royal Gorge, over Marshall Pass, through the Black Canyon of the Gunnison, across the Utah desert, and over Soldier Summit. It was rebuilt to standard gauge in 1890, and has since remained a through line, often serving as parts of larger networks including the Gould transcontinental system, Southern Pacific, and now the Union Pacific.
The division also included a number of branch lines, the longest being the Marysvale Branch through the Sevier Valley.
History.
Construction: 1870s to 1883.
When the Denver and Rio Grande Railway (D&RG) was chartered in 1870, it had the goal of connecting Denver with El Paso, Texas. But when it reached Raton Pass in 1878, it found that the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad had beaten it to the best crossing into New Mexico. After several years of financially draining battle, the two companies came to an agreement in 1880, and the D&RG, under the direction of William J. Palmer, set its sights on Salt Lake City.
In the meantime, the Utah and Pleasant Valley Railway (U&PV) had built a line from the coal mines in the Pleasant Valley to Provo on the Union Pacific Railroad-controlled Utah Southern Railroad. The company was incorporated on December 11, 1875 under the general laws of Utah by owners of land in the valley. The company began grading in April 1877 and track laying on August 29, 1878, driving the last spike between Pleasant Valley and Springville on November 5, 1879. The short distance in the Utah Valley from Springville to the larger city of Provo, which closely paralleled the Utah Southern, opened in October 1880. Investor Charles W. Scofield of New York, who was already in control of two other mining roads - the Bingham Canon and Camp Floyd Rail Road since 1873 and the Wasatch and Jordan Valley Railroad since 1875 - acquired the U&PV in October 1878.
The U&PV began at a mine in the Pleasant Valley south of Scofield, heading north along the present Pleasant Valley Subdivision to the Scofield Reservoir. The old grade has been flooded until it leaves the lake to the north, rising to an elevation of above sea level before descending, via a pair of switchbacks, to Starvation Creek. The valley of that creek took the railroad to the Spanish Fork Canyon, and the later D&RGW, at Tucker. The remainder of the U&PV is now, for the most part, still operated, as it follows Spanish Fork Canyon into the Utah Valley.
Associates of Palmer incorporated the Sevier Valley Railway in Utah on December 7, 1880, with a route paralleling the Union Pacific's lines from the railroad center of Ogden south through Salt Lake City and Provo to Nephi, and then continuing through Salt Creek Canyon and the Sanpete Valley to Salina in the Sevier Valley. There it would split, one line continuing south to the Arizona state line, and the other turning east through Salina Canyon and across the Castle Valley to the Grand (Colorado) River, following it to meet the westward-building D&RG at the Colorado border. To counter this threat to its monopoly, the Union Pacific set up the Utah Southern and Castle Valley Railroad less than two weeks later to extend its Utah Southern through Salina Canyon to the Castle Valley. In another week, when UP workers reached the canyon, the Sevier Valley had already begun grading.
On May 26, 1881, D&RG interests incorporated the Salt Lake and Park City Railway, a branch from Salt Lake City east to Park City and Coalville. The lines of this company and the Sevier Valley were included in the far-reaching charter for the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railway, incorporated on July 21, 1881 and immediately consolidated with the others. Palmer knew that it would be important to first complete the line to Ogden, where the Central Pacific Railroad extended west to California. It was rumored as early as April 1881 that the D&RG had gained control of the U&PV and would bypass Salina Canyon, instead using a shorter route northwesterly from Castle Valley to a connection with that road, and Palmer confirmed this in September. (The original grading through Castle Valley was never used for a railroad, although in the 1910s it was briefly part of the Midland Trail, now US-6.) The D&RGW bought the assets of the Wasatch and Jordan Valley Railroad, which had merged with the Bingham Canon and Camp Floyd Rail Road, at foreclosure on December 31, 1881, adding to its system two profitable branches from Midvale to Bingham and Little Cottonwood Canyons.
The D&RGW similarly acquired the U&PV's property on June 14, 1882, and at about that time began operating trains between Salt Lake City and Pleasant Valley, using new trackage north of Provo. The D&RG of Colorado leased the D&RGW of Utah on August 1, allowing the former to operate the latter for a payment of 40% of gross receipts. The difficult double switchback on the original U&PV was bypassed by a new connection to the under-construction D&RGW at Colton on November 23, 1882, as well as the new line from Colton over Soldier Summit to Tucker. D&RG and D&RGW crews met at a point now known as Desert, west of Green River, on March 30, 1883, and trains began running between Denver and Salt Lake City several days later. (Although the D&RG built the line from the state line to Desert, it was owned by the D&RGW.) Final completion to Ogden in May was delayed for several days by the Union Pacific's refusal to let the D&RGW cross, but on May 19 the D&RGW was complete. Palmer soon resigned as D&RG president, since the directors were opposed to further expansion, but remained in control of the leased D&RGW.
Retrenchment and turmoil: 1883 to 1901.
With the line into Utah complete, the D&RG system consisted of a main line from Denver to Ogden, passing through or over Colorado Springs, Pueblo, the Royal Gorge, Salida, Marshall Pass, Gunnison, the Black Canyon of the Gunnison, Montrose, Grand Junction, Green River, and Salt Lake City. It included numerous branches, but only three west of Grand Junction - to Pleasant Valley, Bingham Canyon, and Little Cottonwood Canyon. The main line began by following the valley of the Grand (Colorado) River west out of Grand Junction, but curved away at Mack to avoid Ruby Canyon. Some steep grades and sharp curves carried the original line over the highlands north of the river, crossing the state line and continuing southwesterly and westerly to Green River, Utah. Curving northwest around the Beckwith Plateau, the railroad crossed the Price River at Woodside, where it began to follow that river through its valleys and canyons. Almost immediately, due to flooding, the railroad had to be removed from the canyon between Grassy Trail (south of Cedar) and Farnham (southeast of Wellington), though it remained alongside the river from Grassy Trail southeast to Woodside until bypassed by the present standard gauge alignment. Continuing on, the line passed through the Price Canyon, including the Castle Gate rock formation, as it rose to the top of the Wasatch Range at Soldier Summit. The Spanish Fork Canyon took the line down into the Utah Valley, with some 4% grades near the top before it met the earlier U&PV at Tucker. Through the Utah Valley and adjacent Salt Lake Valley, connected by the Jordan Narrows, the D&RGW's line closely paralleled a UP line, serving many of the valleys' populated areas. The final stretch generally followed the Great Salt Lake's shore to Ogden, where it connected to the Central Pacific Railroad.
The expansion resulted in a large debt that the D&RG was unable to pay the interest on. D&RGW president Palmer and D&RG president Frederick Lovejoy got into an argument over the management and payment of rental for the leased D&RGW. Unable to break the lease, Lovejoy ordered the tracks torn up at the state line in retaliation, costing both railroads the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad's through traffic. The D&RG entered receivership on July 12, 1884 and the D&RGW on August 12, with D&RGW superintendent W. H. Bancroft being appointed to the Utah company. The two companies resumed friendly relations, and after the D&RG reorganized on July 14, 1886, it terminated the lease of the D&RGW on July 31, giving the latter company significant amounts of rolling stock. Palmer returned to his position as D&RGW president, the company having been released from receivership.
Now independent, the D&RGW looked to the east, where the standard gauge Colorado Midland Railway was building west from Colorado Springs with the intent of entering Utah. Palmer realized that if he did not widen his gauge and cooperate with the Midland, he might soon have new competition. To raise the money to convert the line, which would require about of new railroad where the existing grade was too steep or curvy, he incorporated a new Rio Grande Western Railway. (Palmer had initially proposed the name "Utah and Colorado Railway" for the new company.) The State Line and Denver Railway was incorporated May 16, 1889 with the power to build east to Glenwood Springs, Colorado, then the terminus of the Midland. That same day, it was consolidated with the old Denver and Rio Grande Western Railway, with articles of incorporation filed in both states on June 24.
Construction began immediately, the line being converted from Ogden to Salt Lake City by mid-November 1889, to Provo on March 7, 1890, and the rest of the way to Grand Junction on June 10. The line was completely relocated out of the canyon of the Price River from Grassy Trail to Woodside, and into the Ruby Canyon of the Grand (Colorado) River from Whitehouse to Crevasse, Colorado. Beyond Crevasse, the RGW leased the D&RG track to Grand Junction in December 1889 and subsequently widened its gauge. The Rio Grande Junction Railway, owned jointly by the D&RG and Midland, was completed to Grand Junction on November 15, 1890, and through service began the next day over the RGW and both eastern roads, the D&RG having completed its standard gauge line over Tennessee Pass. All branches were also converted, except for short Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge sections at the ends of the lines into Bingham and Little Cottonwood Canyons.
For the next ten years, the RGW operated as an independent standard gauge bridge line connecting Grand Junction to Salt Lake City and Ogden, with branches to sources of valuable minerals. Through its new subsidiary, the Utah Central Railroad, the RGW acquired several Salt Lake City-area lines in 1898, finally adding to its system the branch to Park City through Parley's Canyon that had been chartered in 1881. The RGW teamed up with the Colorado and Southern Railway, which had recently been split from the bankrupt Union Pacific Railroad, and stretched north-south from Wyoming through eastern Colorado into Texas, to jointly buy control of the connecting Colorado Midland Railway. RGW stock prices rose, delaying a takeover by the D&RG until George Gould arrived. Gould, owner of the Missouri Pacific Railroad (MP), wished to create a transcontinental railroad system, and identified the D&RG/RGW as the best route west into Utah. The MP began buying D&RG stock in 1900, and the D&RG did the same with the RGW. Palmer still owned a controlling interest in the RGW, but he came to an agreement to sell the company to Gould, and Gould management, including new president Edward T. Jeffery, took over on July 1, 1901.
Gould control and aftermath: 1901 to present.
In 1901, the Union Pacific Railroad gained control of the Southern Pacific Railroad, which owned the Central Pacific Railway, the portion of the First Transcontinental Railroad west of Ogden. Searching for another route to the Pacific, Gould incorporated the Castle Valley Railway as a cutoff from the RGW's main line near Farnham to the Marysvale Branch at Salina and beyond to the under-construction San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad (Salt Lake Route) at Milford. However, the Union Pacific gained control of the Salt Lake Route in mid-1903, forcing Gould to construct an entirely new line to California. The financing of the Western Pacific Railway (WP) would take almost all the revenues of the MP, D&RG, and RGW, leaving very little for maintenance, let alone improvements. The D&RG and RGW, operated as a single system since 1901, were merged as the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad on July 31, 1908, finally combining the two halves of the Denver-Ogden line into one railroad company.
Improvement of the standard gauge main line through Utah to relieve congestion had begun in 1898, when the RGW added a second track to the steep 4% grade to Tucker on the west side of Soldier Summit. The shallower east-side grade was similarly doubled to Colton in 1906, and further to Kyune and from Castle Gate to Helper in 1909. Construction began on a new low-grade line west of the summit in 1912, when the D&RG added a track between Detour (the west end of the realignment) and Thistle. The new line, with a double hairpin curve, was completed the next year, as was a second track between Kyune and Castle Gate, completing a double-track line between Thistle and Helper, with a maximum grade of 2.4% on the east slope and 2.0% on the west. Local competition arrived in 1912, when the United States Smelting, Refining and Mining Company, which owned coal mines southwest of Price, organized the Utah Railway (originally the Utah Coal Railway). U.S. Smelting objected to the D&RG's charging of higher freight rates due to the mines' location on a branch line, and began to build its own line over Soldier Summit into the Utah Valley. The two companies reached an agreement in November 1913, where the D&RG would operate the Utah Railway between a junction near Castle Gate and the mines, and the unfinished line between Thistle and Provo would be completed as a second track. This arrangement began with the completion of the road in 1914, and the D&RG now had a double-track line between Provo and Helper. Three years later, the Utah Railway began independent operations between the mines and Provo under a reciprocal trackage rights arrangement that has persisted to the present, where each company allows the other to use its half of the double-track line.
The WP was completed in 1910, but its construction had given the D&RG enormous debts. After periods of ownership by Eastern bankers, the courts appointed two local trustees in 1935. The system was slowly rebuilt into a profitable enterprise, and in 1947 it was reorganized as the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad. After buying the Southern Pacific Transportation Company in 1988 and adopting the latter's name, the D&RGW became part of the Union Pacific Railroad in 1996.
With the level of the Great Salt Lake rising in the mid-1980s, the D&RGW and UP came to a trackage rights agreement, where the D&RGW would use the UP's higher line between Salt Lake City and Ogden, and in exchange the UP could use the D&RGW between Salt Lake City and Provo, a better-designed route than the UP's. The majority of the ex-D&RGW north of Salt Lake City is now the Denver and Rio Grande Western Rail Trail, while the UP has sold its Sharp Subdivision north of Provo to the Utah Transit Authority, which operates the Sandy/Salt Lake light rail line and contracts with the Salt Lake City Southern Railroad for freight.
Branches.
A long branch was begun in 1890 as Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge and widened in 1891, extending south from Thistle up Thistle Creek and down the San Pitch River to Manti. It was extended south to Sevier in 1891, via the Sevier River, by the Sevier Railway, and that same year the Tintic Range Railway built from Springville southwest and west to Eureka in the Tintic Mountains. The RGW organized both of these companies to be owned by RGW stockholders, but out of the control of RGW bondholders. The Panic of 1893 stopped new construction until 1896, when the Sevier Railway was extended farther south to Belknap.
The Ballard & Thompson Railroad between Thompson Springs and Sego was purchased in 1913 by the D&RGW and became the Sego Branch.
Presidents.
This is a list of presidents (and equivalents) of the Utah company before it was merged into the D&RG in 1908. For post-1908 presidents, see Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad#Presidents.

</doc>
<doc id="18589340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589340" title="Sushama Reddy">
Sushama Reddy

Sushama Reddy () is an Indian model, VJ, actress and Producer.
Early life.
Sushama Reddy studied at the Bombay Scottish School, Mahim and graduated in Economics from Mithibai College, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India. She completed filmmaking course from NYFA, New York in United States.
She has two sisters including Sameera Reddy who is a famous Bollywood actress.
Career.
Modeling.
Her sister Meghna persuaded her to join the television world. Her first break was given by Bharatbala Productions. She worked on more than 100 television commercials including Limca, Fair & Lovely, Liberty, Godrej, Blender's Pride, Ford Icon and a TV commercial for Thumbs Up with Salman Khan. Reddy also appeared in Diwakar Pundir's music video "Deewana" with Sonu Nigam, in DJ Suketu's "Tere Jaisa Pyaar" and Sona Mohapatra's music compilation "Ishq Nachaya".
Hosting.
Soon after Channel V was launched in India, she landed with the role of a VJ at the music channel for more than 2 years. Sushama hosted Dream Hotels on the Lifestyle broadcaster Discovery Travel and Living, showcasing the vistas`, luxurious living, décor, style and glitter of hotels uncovering high living in the truest form.
Acting.
"Sushama" made her film debut opposite Anil Kapoor with Vivek Agnihotri's ' in 2005 and later appeared in ' and "Chup Chup Ke", with Shahid Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor (both in 2006).
Producing and Filmmaking.
In 2008, Sushama assisted Rajat Kapoor on his project "Rectangular Love story".
In 2009, she was introduced to current producing partner Sanjay Bhattacharjee through a common friend. After realizing about their common goals related to filmmaking business, distribution and film marketing, they met Aryan Bros. from Delhi, who at that time were also seeking to get into film industry. In June 2009, with funding from Aryan Bros., Reddy and Bhattacharjee established production company Seven Island Studios Pvt. Ltd. Seven Island and Aryan Bros' "Dus Tola" went on floors in late 2009, and was released on 22 October 2010. They are now working on her next projects – "National Roaming" which is a comic-caper, "The Stamp Collector" which is based on Vishwapriya Iyenger's short story "No Letter From Mother" and another one based on a Tibetan family's struggle for survival. Work is underway on the next film, tentatively titled “National Roaming”,which is a crazy comic caper in the jungle.
Sushama has started her own television production company, Niki Redi Productions and is developing content for travel shows on international Lifestyle channels such as TLC. She is currently producing and achoring her latest show on TLC called Go India Maharashtra, due to be telecasted on December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18589346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589346" title="Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement">
Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement

The Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA), is a multinational treaty for the purpose of establishing international standards for intellectual property rights enforcement. The agreement aims to establish an international legal framework for targeting counterfeit goods, generic medicines and copyright infringement on the Internet, and would create a new governing body outside existing forums, such as the World Trade Organization, the World Intellectual Property Organization, or the United Nations.
The agreement was signed in October 2011 by Australia, Canada, Japan, Morocco, New Zealand, Singapore, South Korea, and the United States. In 2012, Mexico, the European Union and 22 countries which are member states of the European Union signed as well. One signatory (Japan) has ratified (formally approved) the agreement, which would come into force in countries that ratified it after ratification by six countries.
Industrial groups with interests in copyright, trademarks and other types of intellectual property, said that ACTA was a response to "the increase in global trade of counterfeit goods and pirated copyright protected works". Organizations such as the Motion Picture Association of America and International Trademark Association are understood to have had a significant influence over the ACTA agenda.
Organisations representing citizens and non-governmental interests argued that ACTA could infringe fundamental rights including freedom of expression and privacy. ACTA has also been criticised by Doctors Without Borders for endangering access to medicines in developing countries. The secret nature of negotiations has excluded civil society groups, developing countries and the general public from the agreement's negotiation process and it has been described as policy laundering by critics including the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the Entertainment Consumers Association.
The signature of the EU and many of its member states resulted in widespread protests across Europe. The European Parliament's rapporteur Kader Arif resigned. His replacement, British MEP David Martin, recommended that the Parliament should reject ACTA, stating: "The intended benefits of this international agreement are far outweighed by the potential threats to civil liberties". On 4 July 2012, the European Parliament declined its consent, effectively rejecting it, 478 votes to 39, and 165 abstentions.
Negotiations.
Negotiations for the ACTA treaty are not part of any international body. ACTA was first developed by Japan and the United States in 2006. Canada, the European Union (represented in the negotiations by the European Commission, the EU Presidency and EU Member States) and Switzerland joined the preliminary talks throughout 2006 and 2007. Official negotiations began in June 2008, with Australia, Mexico, Morocco, New Zealand, the Republic of Korea and Singapore joining the talks. The Senate of Mexico voted unanimously to withdraw Mexico from ACTA negotiations on 30 September 2010.
Leaks, publications and consultations.
ACTA first came to public attention in May 2008 after a discussion paper was uploaded to WikiLeaks. According to a European Union commentary however there was at that stage no draft, but the document constituted initial views as they had been circulated by some of the negotiating parties. Leaked details published in February 2009 showed the 6 chapter-division also present in the final text. Most discussion was focused on the "Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights" (IPR) chapter 2, which had the four sections also present (but slightly differently named) in the final version: Civil Enforcement, Border Measures, Criminal Enforcement and Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement in the Digital Environment. Apart from the participating governments, an advisory committee of large US-based multinational corporations was consulted on the content of the draft treaty, including the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America and the International Intellectual Property Alliance (which includes the Business Software Alliance, Motion Picture Association of America, and Recording Industry Association of America). A 2009 Freedom of Information request showed that the following companies also received copies of the draft under a nondisclosure agreement: Google, eBay, Intel, Dell, News Corporation, Sony Pictures, Time Warner, and Verizon.
On 23 March 2010, the entire "18 January 2010 consolidated text" of sections 2.1 and 2.4 (Civil Enforcement, and Special Measures Related To Technological Enforcement Means and the Internet) along with the demands of each negotiator was leaked to the public.
The negotiating parties published the then-current draft on 20 April 2010. In June 2010, a conference with "over 90 academics, practitioners and public interest organizations from six continents" concluded "that the terms of the publicly released draft of ACTA threaten numerous public interests, including every concern specifically disclaimed by negotiators." A group of over 75 law professors signed a letter to President Obama demanding that ACTA be halted and changed. A full consolidated text of the proposed ACTA, dated 1 July 2010, apparently coming from the civil liberties committee (LIBE) of the European Parliament was leaked providing the full text from the Luzern round of negotiations, including the name of the negotiating parties along with their positions.
The revised and final text, dated 15 November 2010, was leaked on 16 November 2010 by several websites.
On 16 April 2010, the negotiating countries issued a joint statement that they had reached unanimous agreement to make the consolidated text, as established at that round of negotiation, available to the public by 21 April. It was also decided to not release individual negotiating positions of countries. The final draft text was published on 20 April 2010. The final text was released on 15 November 2010, and published on 15 April 2011 in English, French and Spanish.
Negotiation mandates and positions.
European Union.
A draft Report from 26 August 2008 by the European Commission tried to establish a mandate from the European Parliament for the negotiation of ACTA. On 25 September 2008 the Council of the European Union adopted a resolution in support of ACTA. In November 2008 the European Commission described ACTA as an attempt to enforce intellectual property rights and states that countries involved in the negotiations see intellectual property rights as "a key instrument for their development and innovation policies". It argues:
In March 2010, a leaked draft negotiation text showed that the European Commission had proposed language in ACTA to require criminal penalties for "inciting, aiding and abetting" certain offenses, including "at least in cases of willful trademark counterfeiting and copyright or related rights piracy on a commercial scale." In a report published on 11 March 2009, the European Parliament called on the European Commission to "immediately make all documents related to the ongoing international negotiations on the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) publicly available".
The "European Parliament resolution of 10 March 2010 on the transparency and state of play of the ACTA negotiations" stated that "according to documents leaked, the ACTA negotiations touch on, among other things, pending EU legislation regarding the enforcement of IPRs (COD/2005/0127 – Criminal measures aimed at assuring the enforcement of intellectual property rights (IPRED-II)) and the so-called "Telecoms Package" and on existing EU legislation regarding e-commerce and data protection." The resolution furthermore states, "whereas the ongoing EU efforts to harmonise IPR enforcement measures should not be circumvented by trade negotiations which are outside the scope of normal EU decision-making processes." Also, that the enforcement of intellectual property rights (IPRs), including patent, trademark, and copyright law, must be "accomplished in a manner that does not impede innovation or competition, undermine IPR limitations and personal data protection, restrict the free flow of information or unduly burden legitimate trade."
The resolution called for the European Commission and the European Council to "grant public and parliamentary access to ACTA negotiation texts and summaries, in accordance with" the Lisbon Treaty and "Regulation 1049/2001 of 30 May 2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents." In the resolution, the European Parliament "deplores the calculated choice of the parties not to negotiate through well-established international bodies, such as WIPO and WTO, which have established frameworks for public information and consultation". The European Parliament asserted that under the Treaty of Lisbon the European Commission needed to provide "immediate and full information" to the European Parliament on international treaties, such as ACTA. The resolution also "stresses that, unless Parliament is immediately and fully informed at all stages of the negotiations, it reserves its right to take suitable action, including bringing a case before the Court of Justice in order to safeguard its prerogatives".
Signatures and ratifications.
As of 4 February 2013, the treaty was signed by 31 states as well as the European Union. Japan was on 4 October 2012 the first to ratify the treaty.
The treaty is according to Article 39 open for signature until 1 May 2013 for the participants involved in the negotiations as well as all members of the World Trade Organization (WTO) of which the participants agree. It enters into force after subsequent ratification by six states (Article 40). After 1 May 2013, WTO members that did not sign, may accede to the convention after approval by the ACTA committee (Article 43).
A signing ceremony was held on 1 October 2011 in Tokyo, with the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Morocco, New Zealand, Singapore, and South Korea signing the treaty. The European Union, Mexico, and Switzerland attended but did not sign, professing support and saying they will do so in the future (the European Union and 22 of its member states did so in January 2012). In May 2012, the Swiss government announced that it would withhold its signature while deliberations in the EU are pending. In early July 2012, Claude Heller, Mexican Ambassador to Japan, signed the treaty. On 23 July, the Senate of Mexico rejected the decision the Cabinet of the country took.
European Union.
The European Union and its 28 Member States share competency on the subject of this convention. This means that entry into force on its territory requires ratification (or accession) by all states, as well as approval of the European Union. Approval of the European Union involves consent of the European Parliament as well as the Council. On 26 January 2012, the European Union and 22 Member States signed the treaty in Tokyo. According to depositary Japan, the remaining members (Cyprus, Estonia, Germany, Netherlands and Slovakia) were expected to sign it on the completion of their respective domestic procedures. On 3 February 2012, Poland announced it halted the ratification process as it "had made insufficient consultations before signing the agreement in late January, and it was necessary to ensure it was entirely safe for Polish citizens." Also, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Latvia, Lithuania and non-signatories Germany, Slovakia and Slovenia have indicated to have stopped the process of ratification.
On 17 February 2012, the Polish prime minister, Donald Tusk, announced that Poland will not ratify ACTA. On 21 February 2012, a news report noted that "many countries in Europe that have signed the treaty have set aside ratification in response to public outcry, effectively hampering the ratification and implementation of the treaty."
When Poland announced its intentions to sign the treaty on 18 January 2012, a number of Polish government websites, including those of the President and Polish Parliament, were shut down by denial of service attacks that started 21 January, akin to protests against SOPA and PIPA that had happened two days previously. Notwithstanding the ongoing protests, the Polish ambassador to Japan signed the treaty.
On 22 February 2012, the European Commission asked the European Court of Justice to assess whether the ACTA agreement violates the EU's fundamental human rights and freedoms, thereby resulting in delay for the ratification process in the EU. However, INTA, the International Trade Committee of the European Parliament, in view of its exclusion from the negotiations, the secrecy of the negotiations, and the recent protests, moved to have its vote on the ratification take place in June or July 2012 as planned, in spite of the European Commission's objections.
On 2 May 2012, European Commissioner for Digital Agenda Neelie Kroes suggested in a speech in Berlin that ACTA would not come into force and welcomed openness in negotiations:
On 29 May 2012 the Dutch House of Representatives in two non-binding resolutions called upon the Dutch government not to sign ACTA and not to submit it to the House for ratification. In addition it requested the government not to vote in favor of similar treaties in the future.
The European Commission confirmed on 20 December 2012 that it was withdrawing Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) referral to the Court of Justice of the European Union (EU). This ended ACTA’s process at EU level and confirms rejection of the treaty by the EU.
European Parliament.
On 26 January 2012, after the signing of 22 European Member States Kader Arif, the European Parliament's rapporteur for ACTA, resigned, saying "I want to send a strong signal and alert the public opinion about this unacceptable situation. I will not take part in this masquerade.". He was replaced by David Martin.
On 12 April 2012, David Martin recommended that the European Parliament should reject ACTA, saying the intended benefits were far outweighed by the risks, and "given the vagueness of certain aspects of the text and the uncertainty over its interpretation, the European Parliament cannot guarantee adequate protection for citizens' rights in the future under ACTA."
ACTA was discussed in five parliamentary committees, all of which voted to reject the ACTA treaty, as follows:
These recommendations of the top 4 committees served as advice for the International Trade Committee, the lead committee on ACTA. On 21 June 2012, this committee recommended 19–12 that the EP reject the treaty. The full European Parliament voted on the issue on 4 July 2012 and declined consent to ACTA, effectively rejecting it, with 478 against to 39 in favour, and 165 abstentions.
United States.
It has been reported that the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) has stated they will not use the fast track negotiating authority (Trade Promotion Authority) to implement ACTA, but the form of a "sole executive agreement" instead. While on 6 March 2012 Legal Adviser of the Department of State Harold Koh refused to back USTR's theory that it could enter any agreement that does not change U.S. law (but binds Congress not to change it) without Congressional consent, Koh described ACTA as a "congressional-executive agreement" that Congress approved of "", citing the PRO-IP Act. This proposed method of adoption has encountered criticism in Congress. According to Senator Ron Wyden: "There are questions of constitutional authority surrounding whether the administration can enter into this agreement without Congress's approval ... Either way, when international accords, like ACTA, are conceived and constructed under a cloak of secrecy, it is hard to argue that they represent the broad interests of the general public. The controversy over ACTA should surprise no one." More recently, on 20 March 2012, Senator Wyden noted, "I believe Congress should approve binding international agreements before the U.S. is obligated to comply with those agreements. This a point where the administration and I disagree and is particularly true on matters that impact our nation’s ability to implement policies that encourage innovation."
In June 2012, Ambassador Miriam Sapiro (Deputy U.S. Trade Representative) presented the official White House position on ACTA as follows:
ACTA committee.
ACTA establishes the "ACTA committee" in Article 36 as its own governing body outside existing international institutions such as the World Trade Organization (WTO), the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) or the United Nations. With regards to the reason for not pursuing ACTA through the G8, WTO, WIPO or other formal existing structures the European Commission explains that a free-standing agreement provides the most flexibility "to pursue this project among interested countries", while stating that "the membership and priorities of those organizations (G8, WTO, and WIPO) simply are not the most conducive to this kind of path breaking project."
Treaty content.
The finalized agreement text was published on 15 April 2011 and includes six chapters with 45 articles:
Chapter I: Initial Provisions and General Definitions.
This Chapter describes the scope of the agreement as well as relations to other agreements. It asserts that obligations from other agreements still exist with entry into force of this agreement (Article 1) and that the agreement applies only those intellectual property rights existing in the country applying the treaty (Article 3). Countries may impose stricter measures than the treaty requires (Article 2) and should share (confidential) information for law enforcement purposes (Article 4). The treaty explicitly also applies to free zoned (Article 5).
Chapter II: Legal Framework For Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights.
The legal framework set out in Chapter II is divided in five sections.
Section 1: General Obligations with Respect to Enforcement.
General obligations are requirements to implement the provisions in law, to have fair procedure as well as "proportionality between the seriousness of the infringement, the interests of third parties, and the applicable measures, remedies and penalties" (Article 6).
Section 2: Civil Enforcement.
The sections provides that rights holders have access to civil or (if they exist) administrative procedures (Article 7) and to have the possibility for judges "to issue an order against a party to desist from an infringement" (Article 8). They may also require in civil procedure pirated copyright goods and counterfeit trademark goods to be destroyed (Article 10). According to Article 11, they may ask (alleged) infringers to provide information on the goods it "controls". Article 9 states that a Party's judicial authorities "may" consider "" any legitimate measure of value submitted by a rights holder, including lost profits, the value of infringed property as per market price, or the suggested retail price. This clause has received considerable criticism for its validity, as well as its similarity to previously controversial attempts at establishing precedent to the same effect. According to the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure, the principle does not "reflect the economic loss suffered by the right holder". In a "Business Line" opinion piece, a professor from the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade's Centre for WTO Studies also explained that it would lead to "excess valuation" in infringement suits.
Section 3: Border Measures.
At borders, officials may act on suspect goods on their own initiative or upon request of a "rights holder". For goods in transit, the requirements do not have to enacted by a state (Article 16). "Small consignment" for commercial use are included in the border provisions, while "goods of a non-commercial nature contained in travellers’ personal luggage" are excluded from the scope (Article 14).
Section 4: Criminal Enforcement.
Article 23: Criminal Offences.
At least "wilful trademark counterfeiting or copyright or related rights piracy on a commercial scale" should be punishable under criminal law.
According to European Digital Rights, the article "provides an extremely low threshold" when considering that the scope includes "acts" and because consequences for infringement can include criminal penalties. EDRi also outlines an absence of definitions for associated constructs, such as "aiding and abetting", "commercial scale", and "economic advantage", which it describes as "simply inappropriate in a key provision, on whose meaning the proportionality and the legality, of the Agreement rests".
Article 24: Penalties.
Penalties that Parties should have in their criminal system should "include imprisonment as well as monetary fines", which are sufficiently high for discouragement of actions forbidden under the treaty.
Section 5: Enforcement of Intellectual Property Rights in the Digital Environment.
Article 27: Enforcement in the Digital Environment.
In the digital environment, also Civil and Criminal enforcement should be available "to permit effective action against an act of infringement of intellectual property rights which takes place in the digital environment" (Article 27, paragraph 1). Furthermore, infringement over digital networks ("possibly" including "the unlawful use of means of widespread distribution for infringing purposes") should be enforced in a manner, which "preserves fundamental principles such as freedom of expression, fair process, and privacy" (Paragraph 2). Against circumvention of systems to prevent copying measures should be implemented (Paragraph 6).
Critics of this article, such as the European Digital Rights, have raised concerns that its emphasis on the role of corporations in enforcement "promotes the policing and even punishment of alleged infringements outside normal judicial frameworks", while failing to "ensure effective remedies against such interferences with fundamental rights" despite "vague references to 'fair process' in the text are not backed up by mandatory processes requiring respect for the Rule of Law" in Article 21 of the European Union's Maastricht Treaty.
Chapter III: Enforcement Practices.
Article 28: Enforcement Expertise, Information, and Domestic Coordination.
Parties are expected to cultivate expertise within agencies tasked with enforcing intellectual property rights, promote internal coordination, and facilitate joint actions. They are also compelled to collect and utilize statistical data, as well as "other relevant information concerning intellectual property rights infringements", to prevent and combat infringement as necessary. The article also indicates that parties shall "endeavour to promote, where appropriate, the establishment and maintenance of formal or informal mechanisms, such as advisory groups, whereby competent authorities may receive the views of right holders and other relevant stakeholders."
Article 29: Management of Risk at Border.
Parties may consult stakeholders or the intellectual property authorities of another party to identify and mitigate risks. Information, including but not limited to information that assists in identifying and targeting suspicious shipments, may be shared between parties for the purposes of border enforcement. Should an importing party seize infringing goods, it may supply such information to assist an exporting party in pursuing infringers.
Chapter IV: International Cooperation.
Chapter V contains three articles:
Chapter V: Institutional Arrangements.
In Article 36, the ACTA committee is established as governing body of the treaty in which all parties are represented. The body is not involved in individual cases, but monitors implementation, can formally propose changes to the convention (on the suggestion of a Party) and decides on the admittance of WTO-members which were not present at the negotiations. The committee decides by consensus. Parties establish a contact point (Article 37) which acts as a primary contact with regards to the execution of the treaty and are required to "shall accord sympathetic consideration" to requests for cooperation on matters regarding the convention (Article 38).
Chapter VI: Final Provisions.
Chapter VI is the treaty's last chapter. It outlines principles and procedures regarding the treaty's status and execution.
Article 39: Signature.
The article specifies that the agreement remains open for signature until 1 May 2013 by its negotiators, as well as any other World Trade Organization member that the negotiators support by consensus.
Article 40: Entry into Force.
Conditions necessary for the treaty to become effective are defined, which include six parties submitting instruments of ratification, acceptance, or approval to the depositary, as well as a thirty-day interim waiting period.
Article 41: Withdrawal.
The process for withdrawal is outlined, which entails a party submitting written notification to the depositary and becomes effective 180 days after receipt. This process would also be subject to various national guidelines.
Article 42: Amendments.
Parties may submit proposed amendments to the Committee for review, which would then determine whether or not the proposed amendment should be presented for potential ratification, acceptance, or approval. Successful amendments would become effective 90 days after all parties have provided their respective instruments of ratification, acceptance, or approval to the depositary.
In a report to the Australian Joint Standing Committee on Treaties, Kimberlee Weatherall, an associate professor at the University of Queensland, assessed the article in saying "it might be argued that the text of ACTA could be fleshed out through guidelines on an ongoing basis, with possible amendments in the longer term." Citing the relationship with Article 33, she added that "it might further be argued that the exhortations to 'promote cooperation, where appropriate, among Parties' competent authorities', particularly in conjunction with the existence of regular meetings and exchange of information about enforcement practices, creates the basic framework within which more detailed mechanisms can be developed over time".
Article 43: Accession.
After the date in Article 39 passes, any WTO member nation may seek to accede into the agreement. The terms of acceptance would be decided by the Committee on an individual, case-by-case basis. The treaty would enter into force for successful applicants thirty days after receipt of its instrument by the depositary.
Article 44: Texts of the Agreement.
The treaty makes equally authoritative English, French and Spanish versions of the text, which for the purposes of signature are part of a single document.
Article 45: Depositary.
Article 45 is the final text of the treaty. It elects the Government of Japan as depositary.
Criticism.
Opponents have criticized the act for its adverse effects on fundamental civil and digital rights, including freedom of expression and communication privacy. The Electronic Frontier Foundation among others, have derided the exclusion of civil society groups, developing countries and the general public from the agreement's negotiation process and have described it as policy laundering. The signature of the EU and many of its member states resulted in the resignation in protest of the European Parliament's appointed rapporteur (Kader Arif), as well as widespread protests across Europe.
Secrecy of negotiations.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation opposes ACTA, calling for more public spotlight on the proposed treaty. Since May 2008 discussion papers and other documents relating to the negotiation of ACTA have been uploaded to WikiLeaks, and newspaper reports about the secret negotiations swiftly followed.
In June 2008, Canadian academic Michael Geist, writing for "Copyright News", argued that "Government Should Lift Veil on ACTA Secrecy", noting that before documents leaked on the Internet, ACTA was shrouded in secrecy. Coverage of the documents by the "Toronto Star" "sparked widespread opposition as Canadians worry about the prospect of a trade deal that could lead to invasive searches of personal computers and increased surveillance of online activities". Geist argued that public disclosure of the draft ACTA treaty "might put an end to fears about iPod-searching border guards" and that it "could focus attention on other key concerns including greater Internet service provider filtering of content, heightened liability for websites that link to allegedly infringing content, and diminished privacy for Internet users". Geist also argued that greater transparency would lead to a more inclusive process, highlighting that the ACTA negotiations have excluded both civil society groups as well as developing countries. Geist reported that "reports suggest that trade negotiators have been required to sign non-disclosure agreements for fear of word of the treaty's provisions leaking to the public". He argued that there is a need for "cooperation from all stakeholders to battle counterfeiting concerns" and that "an effective strategy requires broader participation and regular mechanisms for feedback".
In November 2008, the European Commission responded to these allegations as follows:
As another indicator of the way that the ACTA process was handled by the EU, the Council of Ministers officially adopted ACTA at a meeting of the Fisheries Council.
To coincide with the negotiation round InternetNZ, a nonprofit organisation, held a "PublicACTA" event on 10 April 2010 to discuss the known and likely content of the ACTA draft agreement and to develop a statement on ACTA. At the event, the "Wellington Declaration" was developed by over 100 participants, and was published the following day along with a petition for its endorsement. By 13 April, it had received 6,645 signatures. The Wellington Declaration and the petition was given to the government of New Zealand, which delivered the Declaration to the other negotiating countries.
Threats to freedom and human rights.
An open letter signed by many organizations, including Consumers International, European Digital Rights (EDRi, an umbrella group for 32 European civil rights and privacy NGOs), the Free Software Foundation (FSF), the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), ASIC (French trade association for Web 2.0 companies), and the Free Knowledge Institute, states that "the current draft of ACTA would profoundly restrict the fundamental rights and freedoms of European citizens, most notably the freedom of expression and communication privacy." The Free Software Foundation argues that ACTA will create a culture of surveillance and suspicion. Aaron Shaw, Research Fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University, argues that "ACTA would create unduly harsh legal standards that do not reflect contemporary principles of democratic government, free market exchange, or civil liberties. Even though the precise terms of ACTA remain undecided, the negotiants' preliminary documents reveal many troubling aspects of the proposed agreement" such as removing "legal safeguards that protect Internet Service Providers from liability for the actions of their subscribers" in effect giving ISPs no option but to comply with privacy invasions. Shaw further says that " would also facilitate privacy violations by trademark and copyright holders against private citizens suspected of infringement activities without any sort of legal due process".
The Free Software Foundation (FSF) has published "Speak out against ACTA", stating that the ACTA threatens free software by creating a culture "in which the freedom that is required to produce free software is seen as dangerous and threatening rather than creative, innovative, and exciting." ACTA would also require that existing ISPs no longer host free software that can access copyrighted media; this would substantially affect many sites that offer free software or host software projects such as SourceForge. Specifically, the FSF argues that ACTA will make it more difficult and expensive to distribute free software via file sharing and P2P technologies like BitTorrent, which are currently used to distribute large amounts of free software. The FSF also argues that ACTA will make it harder for users of free operating systems to play non-free media because DRM protected media would not be legally playable with free software.
On 10 March 2010, the European Parliament adopted a resolution criticizing the ACTA with 663 in favor of the resolution and 13 against, arguing that "in order to respect fundamental rights, such as the right to freedom of expression and the right to privacy" certain changes in the ACTA content and the process should be made.
Criminalising generic medicine.
According to French EP member Kader Arif, "The problem with ACTA is that, by focusing on the fight against violation of intellectual property rights in general, it treats a generic drug just as a counterfeited drug. This means the patent holder can stop the shipping of the drugs to a developing country, seize the cargo and even order the destruction of the drugs as a preventive measure." He continued, "Generic medicines are not counterfeited medicines; they are not the fake version of a drug; they are a generic version of a drug, produced either because the patent on the original drug has expired, or because a country has to put in place public health policies," he said.
A number of countries such as India and African nations have histories of seeking generic cheaper versions of expensive drugs for infections such as HIV, something that has often been resisted by pharmaceutical companies. "There are international agreements, such as the TRIPS Agreement, which foresees this last possibility," he said. "They're particularly important for developing countries which cannot afford to pay for patented HIV drugs, for example. Arif has stated ACTA would limit the freedom of countries such as India to determine their own medical choices.
Also the non-governmental organization Médecins Sans Frontières has taken a stance against ACTA as a part of their Access Campaign, a campaign promoting the development and access to "life-saving and life prolonging medicines". In their report "A blank cheque for abuse: ACTA & its Impact on Access to Medicines", Médecins Sans Frontières concludes that ACTA has "fatal consequences on access to medicines", furthermore that the agreement "does nothing to address the problem of poor quality and unsafe medicines" and finally that ACTA "undermines existing international declarations to protect public health", circumventing the Doha Declaration. Michael Gylling Nielsen, the executive of the Danish division of Médecins Sans Frontières, has in a statement to the media said that "In the end, this is a question of life and death", elaborating his point by mentioning the "possible consequenses" of the treaty that "the hundreds of thousands of people who for example have HIV/AIDS not will get the treatment they need".
Legal scope.
Nate Anderson with Ars Technica pointed out that ACTA encourages service providers to collect and provide information about suspected infringers by giving them "safe harbor from certain legal threats". Similarly, it provides for criminalization of copyright infringement on a commercial scale, granting law enforcement the powers to perform criminal investigation, arrests and pursue criminal citations or prosecution of suspects who may have infringed on copyright on a commercial scale. It also allows criminal investigations and invasive searches to be performed against individuals for whom there is no probable cause, and in that regard weakens the presumption of innocence and allows what would in the past have been considered unlawful searches.
Since ACTA is an international treaty, it is an example of policy laundering used to establish and implement legal changes. Policy laundering allows legal provisions to be pushed through via closed negotiations among private members of the executive bodies of the signatories. This method avoids use of public legislation and its judiciary oversight. Once ratified, companies belonging to non-members may be forced to follow the ACTA requirements since they will otherwise fall out of the safe harbor protections. Also, the use of trade incentives and the like to persuade other nations to adopt treaties is a standard approach in international relationships. Additional signatories would have to accept ACTA's terms without much scope for negotiation.
From 16–18 June 2010, a conference was held at the Washington College of Law, attended by "over 90 academics, practitioners and public interest organizations from six continents". Their conclusions were published on 23 June 2010 on the American University Washington College of Law website. They found "that the terms of the publicly released draft of ACTA threaten numerous public interests, including every concern specifically disclaimed by negotiators." A group of over 75 law professors signed a letter to President Obama demanding a host of changes to the agreement. The letter alleges that no meaningful transparency has been in evidence.
Parallels with SOPA and PIPA.
Connor Adams Sheets of the "International Business Times" outlined five categories where digital rights advocates compared but expressed greater concern about ACTA than SOPA. Among these were the treaty's broader international nature, its fundamental lack of transparency, the relative ease of enactment, the degree of support by signatories, and a lack of visibility on the global political stage. "Forbes" writer E.D. Kain compared the characteristics of ACTA with that of SOPA and PIPA, noting that they were each "defined by opacity: secret negotiations, closed door talks, no public discussion."
Requests for disclosure.
In September 2008, a number of interest groups urged parties to the ACTA negotiations to disclose the language of the evolving agreement. In an open letter, the groups argued that: "Because the text of the treaty and relevant discussion documents remain secret, the public has no way of assessing whether and to what extent these and related concerns are merited." The interest groups included: the Consumers Union, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Essential Action, IP Justice, Knowledge Ecology International, Public Knowledge, Global Trade Watch, the US Public Interest Research Group, IP Left (Korea), the Canadian Library Association, the Consumers Union of Japan, Consumer Focus (UK) and Médecins Sans Frontières' Campaign for Essential Medicines. The Electronic Frontier Foundation and Public Knowledge filed a Freedom of Information Act request which was denied.
Australia.
A coalition of concerned organisations submitted to the responsible Australian Government department, the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade.
The submission agreed that reducing counterfeiting is important where it endangers consumer health or safety, or constitutes commercial scale infringement. However, the coalition urged that pursuit of that goal should not threaten legitimate commercial, social, innovative and creative activities, the rights of consumers or the free flow of information. The coalition noted the current proposed treaty raised serious concerns with respect to transparency, increased customs search powers, increased penalties for IP infringement, and lack of due process.
The coalition consisted of:
Canada.
The University of Ottawa's Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic filed an Access to Information Act request to see the government's position but received only a document stating the title of the agreement, with everything else blacked out.
European Union.
In November 2008, the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure requested secret Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) documents from the EU Council, specifically naming twelve documents to be published. The request was denied by the EU council, stating that "disclosure of this information could impede the proper conduct of the negotiations, would weaken the position of the European Union in these negotiations and might affect relations with the third parties concerned". In March 2010, the European Parliament passed a resolution demanding greater transparency in public affairs, which among other things called on the European Commission to make public all documents relating to the negotiations.
New Zealand.
In August 2005, a coalition of NGOs and individuals formed to request more transparency in ACTA negotiations. At briefings held by the Ministry of Economic Development (MED) and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT) on 16 December 2009, representatives from the coalition organisations supported the New Zealand negotiators stated desire to call for more transparency. In December 2009 two New Zealand members of Parliament, Clare Curran (Labour) and Peter Dunne (United Future) also publicly questioned the need for secrecy.
In March 2010, Tech Liberty, a New Zealand digital civil rights organisation, received a response to its Official Information Act request on ACTA. It was given letters from the Ministry of Economic Development and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade plus the May 2008 cabinet paper in which the New Zealand government agreed to participate in ACTA. Portions of the cabinet paper, and answers to questions posed by TechLiberty, were withheld including the venue for the April 2010 ACTA negotiations, the cabinet discussion paper on participation in ACTA, and all copies of draft negotiation texts, and all documents expressing New Zealand's negotiating position. This information was withheld under Official Information Act provisions allowing for withholding of information where it would prejudice the international relations of the Government of New Zealand, where it would affect the privacy of natural persons, where it was required to maintain the effective conduct of public affairs, and where withholding information was required to enable the government to carry on negotiations (including commercial and industrial negotiations).
In April 2010 a coalition of NZ organisations ran the PublicACTA event immediately prior to the negotiation round held in Wellington New Zealand. At the PublicACTA event participants drafted the Wellington Declaration. The Wellington Declaration was delivered to the New Zealand negotiators, who provided it to representatives from all the other negotiating countries. Following the Wellington negotiation round in April 2010 the text of ACTA was released publicly. This was the only time this occurred during the ACTA negotiations.
United States.
Both the Bush administration and the Obama administration had rejected requests to make the text of ACTA public, with the White House saying that disclosure would cause "damage to the national security." In 2009, Knowledge Ecology International filed a Freedom of Information Act request in the United States, but their entire request was denied. The Office of the United States Trade Representative's Freedom of Information office stated the request was withheld for being material "properly classified in the interest of national security." US Senators Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Sherrod Brown (D-OH) penned a letter on 23 November 2009, asking the United States Trade Representative to make the text of the ACTA public.
Protests and petitions.
Petition on the Wellington Declaration.
Following the drafting of the Wellington Declaration on 10 April 2010, a petition was signed by over 7,000 people world wide in the first three days.
First public demonstrations in Poland.
After Poland's announcement on 19 January 2012 that it would sign the treaty on 26 January, a number of Polish government websites were shut down by denial of service attacks that started on 21 January. Websites included those of the Chancellery of the Prime Minister, Ministry of Culture and National Heritage, the President, and the Sejm. On 23 January the website of the Prime Minister of Poland was hacked. The content of the page was replaced by a video where the internet users were called to oppose the threats to privacy that were attributed to ACTA. Over a thousand people protested in front of the European Parliament office in Warsaw on 24 January. On 25 January, at least 15,000 demonstrated in Kraków, 5,000 in Wrocław, with considerable protests in cities across the country. Polish social sites Demotywatory.pl, JoeMonster.org, Kwejk.pl, AntyWeb.pl and Wykop.pl announced that they were considering a blackout similar to the SOPA-inspired 2012 Wikipedia blackout to protest Poland's plan to sign the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement. 
A poll conducted on 27 January by Millward Brown SMG/KRC indicated that 64% of Poles opposed the agreement's signing, 60% believed the treaty would fail to achieve its primary objective, and 50% thought that it would curtail essential freedoms. On 27 January, protesters across the country numbered in the tens of thousands. Following the demonstrations, Interia.pl and RMF FM facilitated 1.8 million emails to members of parliament related to ACTA, with 97% of those participating being opposed to the treaty.
EU Rapporteur's resignation.
Kader Arif, European parliament's rapporteur for ACTA, resigned from his position on 26 January 2012 denouncing the treaty "in the strongest possible manner" for having "no inclusion of civil society organizations, a lack of transparency from the start of the negotiations, repeated postponing of the signature of the text without an explanation being ever given, exclusion of the EU Parliament's demands that were expressed on several occasions in [the assembly," concluding with his intent to "send a strong signal and alert the public opinion about this unacceptable situation" and refusal to "take part in this masquerade."
Poland.
On 23 January the Inspector General for the Protection of Personal Data of Poland recommended not to sign ACTA considering it to be a threat to the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the Constitution of Poland.
On 26 January 2012 a group of Polish politicians expressed disapproval of the treaty by holding up Guy Fawkes masks during parliamentary proceedings. Images of this event quickly spread on the Internet. Mike Masnick of Techdirt resultantly noted that the handmade masks were themselves symbolically "counterfeit," as Time Warner owns intellectual property rights to the masks and typically expects royalties for their depiction. Polish opposition right-wing party Law and Justice subsequently called for a referendum on ACTA.
Later, the Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk stated that ratification was "suspended." More recently, on 17 February 2012, Prime Minister Donald Tusk said Poland was "abandoning plans for ratification" and now views his earlier support for ACTA "as a mistake." Prime Minister Tusk has also sent a letter to his fellow leaders in the EU urging them "to reject ACTA."
Slovenia.
Helena Drnovšek-Zorko, Slovenian ambassador to Japan, issued a statement on 31 January 2012 expressing deep remorse for having signed the agreement. "I signed ACTA out of civic carelessness, because I did not pay enough attention. Quite simply, I did not clearly connect the agreement I had been instructed to sign with the agreement that, according to my own civic conviction, limits and withholds the freedom of engagement on the largest and most significant network in human history, and thus limits particularly the future of our children," she said.
Slovenian members of hacktivist group Anonymous announced opposition against the treaty's signing and posted video threats on various websites against government officials and Nova Ljubljanska Banka, accusing the latter of corruption.
According to police estimates, 3000 Slovenians subsequently protested at Congress Square in Ljubljana and around 300 in Maribor on 4 February 2012. The Nova Ljubljanska Banka was also taken offline for about one hour by a cyber attack.
Sweden.
Almost 12,000 people signed up for the Facebook event to demonstrate against ACTA. Several thousand Swedes protested in cities across Sweden on 4 February 2012. A smaller protest with a few hundred participants was also arranged in central Stockholm, Helsingborg and Jönköping on 11 February 2012 to coincide with the global protests that day. Another protest subsequently took place in Gothenburg on 25 February 2012 with over 1,000 participants showing up for the demonstration at Gotaplatsen. Amongst other speakers was the Canadian-born Laura Creighton, vice-president of the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (2008–present), residing in Gothenburg since around 2002.
The Swedish Pirate Party and its Member of the European Parliaments (MEPs) Christian Engström and Amelia Andersdotter and as its party leader Anna Troberg have also been involved in arranging the Swedish protests., including the later demonstrations on 9 June 2012 in Stockholm and Gothenburg which were held at the same time as demonstrations in other parts of the world. The Green Party of Sweden and their MEP Carl Schlyter have also worked against ACTA, as well as the Left Party and their MEP Mikael Gustafsson.
Protests in Europe on 11 February 2012.
On 11 February 2012, protests were held against ACTA in more than 200 European cities. On 21 February 2012, a news report noted that "many countries in Europe that have signed the treaty have set aside ratification in response to public outcry, effectively hampering the ratification and implementation of the treaty." Protests in Germany attracted over 10,000 participants, while up to 8,000 Bulgarians protested in Sofia.
Petitions.
On 18 February 2012, a petition at "jestemprzeciwacta.pl" seeking a referendum in Poland had reached more than 415,300 signatures. A similar world-wide petition at Avaaz collected over 2.5 million signatures since 25 January. A petition directed at United Kingdom citizens, hosted by the UK Government's Directgov website, has reached over 14,500 signatures as of 18 February. A petition directed at Estonian citizens has reached over 7,200 signatures as of 18 February.
In the United States, several ACTA-related White House petitions have been created. One petition, "End ACTA and Protect our right to privacy on the Internet," was created 21 January 2012 and reached the threshold of 25,000 signatures within a month's time. This petition ended 9 June with 47,517 total signatures logged. Afterwards, in June 2012, Ambassador Miriam Sapiro (Deputy US Trade Representative), on behalf of the White House Staff, presented the official White House position in response to the petition. Another petition, "Please Submit ACTA to the Senate for Ratification as Required by the Constitution for Trade Agreements," was created 22 January 2012 but did not reach the threshold of 25,000 signatures within a month's time. With about 12,850 signatures logged at month's end, this petition was "expired" as of 21 February.

</doc>
<doc id="18589365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589365" title="Henry A. Chapin House">
Henry A. Chapin House

Henry A. Chapin House, also known as Chapin Mansion, is a historic house in Niles, Michigan. It was listed as a Michigan State Historic Site in 1976, and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981. 
The house is three stories tall built with red brick in Queen Anne style of which only the first two are currently in use; the third floor ballroom is not open to the public. 
It currently contains the Fort St. Joseph Museum and served as the Niles City Hall from a point between 1933 and 1937 until December 7, 2012. In May 2013, the mansion and museum were given the name "Niles History Center" and opened to the public.
Fort St. Joseph Museum.
The museum is located in the carriage house of the Chapin Mansion and focuses on the city's history. Exhibits include Fort St. Joseph, built by the French as a trading post in 1691, the Underground Railroad in southern Michigan, area railroads and artifacts of the Lakota people. 

</doc>
<doc id="18589376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589376" title="Sonoma Plaza">
Sonoma Plaza

Sonoma Plaza is the central plaza in the former town of Sonoma ("pueblo de Sonoma", in spanish), now known as Sonoma, California. The town is centered around this plaza, the largest plaza in California. This plaza is surrounded by many historical buildings, including the Mission San Francisco Solano, Captain Salvador Vallejo's "Casa Grande", the Presidio of Sonoma, the Blue Wing Inn, and the Toscano Hotel. In the middle of the plaza, Sonoma's early 20th-century city hall, at the plaza's center and still in use, was designed and built with four identical sides in order not to offend the merchants on any one side of the plaza. The plaza is a National Historic Landmark and still serves as the town's focal point, hosting many community festivals and drawing tourists all year round. It provides a central tourist attraction. It is also the location of the Farmer's Market, held every Tuesday in the summer. Sonoma City Hall was dedicated in 1908.
This location was where the Bear Flag Revolt took place in 1846, which led to the Mexican-American War.
"For many years, the site in Sonoma Plaza where the bear flag originally had been raised went unmarked. Largely through the efforts of the Native Sons of the Golden West, the legislature appropriated $5,000 for a monument to be placed there. The Native Sons of the Golden West raised $500 to prepare the site, put on dedication ceremonies, and to move the huge rock that serves as the pedestal from a mile away."

</doc>
<doc id="18589377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589377" title="Lunch">
Lunch

Lunch, an abbreviation of luncheon, is a midday meal of varying size depending on the culture. The origin of the words lunch and luncheon relate to a small meal originally eaten at any time of the day or night, but during the 20th century gradually focused toward a small or mid-sized meal eaten at midday. Lunch is the second meal of the day after Breakfast.
History.
The abbreviation "lunch", in use from 1823, is taken from the more formal ""luncheon"," which the "Oxford English Dictionary" ("OED") reports from 1580 as describing a meal that was inserted between more substantial meals.
In medieval Germany, there are references to "similariar", a "sir lunchentach" according to the "OED", a noon draughtof ale, with breadan extra meal between midday dinner and supper, especially during the long hours of hard labour during haying or early harvesting. In general, during the Middle Ages the main meal for almost everyone took place at midday where there was no need for artificial lighting. During the 17th and 18th century the dinner was gradually pushed back into the evening, leaving a wider gap between it and breakfast that came to be filled in with lunch. A formal evening meal, artificially lit by candles, sometimes with entertainment, was a "supper party" as late as the Regency era.
Up until the early 19th century, luncheon was generally reserved for the ladies, who would often have lunch with one another when their husbands were out. As late as 1945, Emily Post wrote in the magazine "Etiquette" that luncheon is "generally given by and for women, but it is not unusual, especially in summer places or in town on Saturday or Sunday, to include an equal number of men"hence the mildly disparaging phrase, "the ladies who lunch". Lunch was a ladies' light meal; when the Prince of Wales stopped to eat a dainty luncheon with lady friends, he was laughed at for this effeminacy.
Afternoon tea supplemented this luncheon at four o'clock, from the 1840s.
"Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management" (1861)a guide to all aspects of running a household in Victorian Britain, edited by Isabella Beetonhad much less to explain about luncheon than about dinners or ball suppers:
The modern lunch.
With the onset of industrialization in the 19th century, male workers began to work long shifts at the factory, severely disrupting the age-old eating habits of the rural life. Initially, workers were sent home for a brief dinner provided by their wives, but as the workplace was removed farther from the home, working men took to providing themselves with something portable to eat at a break in the schedule during the middle of the day.
The lunch meal slowly became 'institutionalised' in England when workers with long and fixed hour jobs at the factory were eventually officially given an hour off of work as a lunch-break, to give them strength for the afternoon shift. Stalls and later chop houses near the factories began to provide mass-produced food for the working class and the meal soon became an established part of the daily routine, remaining so to this day.
Around the world.
Middle East.
In the Middle East and in most Arab countries, lunch is eaten between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. and is the main meal of the day. It usually consists of meat, rice, vegetables and sauces and is sometimes but not always followed by dessert.
North America.
In the United States and Canada, lunch is usually a moderately sized meal eaten at some point between 11:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m., with 12:00 being the most-common lunch time in the US. North Americans generally eat a quick lunch which often includes some type of sandwich during the work week. Children often bring packed lunches to school, which might consist of a sandwich such as bologna (or other cold cut) and cheese, tuna, chicken, or peanut butter and jelly, or savoury pie in Canada, as well as some fruit, chips, dessert and a drink such as juice, milk, or water. Adults often leave work to go out for a quick lunch, which might include some type of hot or cold sandwich such as a hamburger or "sub" sandwich. Salads and soups are also common, as well as tacos, burritos, sushi, bento boxes, and pizza. Some individuals may pack left overs for lunch. Canadians and Americans generally do not go home for lunch, and lunch rarely lasts more than an hour. Business lunches are common and may last longer. Children generally have a break in the middle of the day to eat lunch. Public schools often have a cafeteria where you can buy lunch or eat a packed lunch. Boarding schools (including universities) often have a cafeteria where lunch is included in tuition.
In Mexico, lunch is usually the main meal of the day, and normally take place between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.. There are usually three or four courses: the first is an entrée of rice, noodles or pasta, but also may include a soup or salad. The second course consists of a main dish called "guisado" served with one or two side dishes, consisting of refried beans, cooked vegetables, rice or salad. The main dish is accompanied with tortillas or a bread called "bolillo". The third time is a combination of a traditional dessert or sweet, café de olla and a digestif. During the meal it is usual to drink aguas frescas, although soft drinks have gained ground in recent years. See also List of Mexican dishes.
Working lunches and lunch breaks.
Since lunch typically falls in the early-middle of the working day, it can either be eaten on a break from work, or as part of the workday. The difference between those who work through lunch and those who take it off could be a matter of cultural, social class, bargaining power, or the nature of the work. Also, to simplify matters, some cultures refer to meal breaks at work as "lunch" no matter when they occureven in the middle of the night. This is especially true for jobs that have employees rotate shifts.

</doc>
<doc id="18589391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589391" title="List of TVB series (1992)">
List of TVB series (1992)

This is a list of series released by or aired on TVB Jade Channel in 1992.
First line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 7:35pm to 8:35pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Second line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 8:50pm to 9:50pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
Third line series.
These dramas aired in Hong Kong from 9:50pm to 10:20pm, Monday to Friday on TVB.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="18589401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589401" title="ASVD">
ASVD

ASVD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589437" title="Francis La Fontaine">
Francis La Fontaine

Francis La Fontaine, or Topeah (Miami: "frost on leaves" ) (1810 – 1847) was the last principal chief of the unified Miami tribe, and oversaw the split into the Western and Eastern Miami tribes. 
La Fontaine's grandfather, Peter LaFontaine, was a French trader from Fort Detroit who came to Kekionga in 1776. He arrived with Charles Beaubien, and both men married Miami women and declared their loyalty to the Miami. In 1828, at age 18, La Fontaine became the chief of his Miami village. The same year, he married Catherine, the daughter of Chief Jean Baptiste Richardville. Richardville and La Fontaine worked together on a treaty in 1840 which removed half of the Miami nation to an area west of the Mississippi River. 
Chief Richardville died in 1841, and Chief La Fontaine became the new principal chief of the Miami. He moved his family into Richardville's house at The Forks Of The Wabash, which doubled as the tribal headquarters.
In 1846, the Miami nation was forcibly split. Although the terms of the treaty allowed La Fontaine to stay in Indiana with the Eastern tribe, he first travelled with the Western tribe to Kansas. On his return trip, he died in Lafayette, Indiana. Speculation exists that he may have been poisoned by a member of the Western Miami tribe who viewed La Fontaine with suspicion. La Fontaine's body was returned to the Forks of the Wabash, and his remains lie in Mt. Calvary Cemetery near Huntington, Indiana.
Catherine La Fontaine died two years later. Francis and Catherine had seven children: Esther (married John Zahn), Frances (married George Gawn), Archangel (married Chris Engleman), Louis, John, Joe, and Tom. The youngest of the children were placed in the care of the Roman Catholic Church, and the sons were educated at the University of Notre Dame as payment for a mortgage Francis had granted the school to keep it financially stable. The family maintained ownership of the house until 1941, and it is currently maintained by Historic Forks of the Wabash, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="18589456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589456" title="Glowsticks for Clubbing Baby Seals">
Glowsticks for Clubbing Baby Seals

Glowsticks For Clubbing Baby Seals is an album released by Orlando group Indorphine. Indorphine also included an instrumental for this album titled 'Blue Eskimo'. The blue title is a re-occurring theme with the band for their instrumentals.

</doc>
<doc id="18589458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589458" title="Zenatia">
Zenatia

Zenatia is a genus of medium-sized clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Mactridae.
Distribution.
This genus is endemic to New Zealand.
Species.
Species in the genus "Zenatia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="18589468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589468" title="Harry Thomas, Sr.">
Harry Thomas, Sr.

Harry Thomas, Sr. (February 3, 1922 – August 7, 1999) was a Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. He was elected to represent Ward 5 on the Council of the District of Columbia in 1986 and served three full terms.
Thomas grew up in Richmond, Virginia, and dropped out of high school before enlisting in the army during World War II. After the war he moved to Washington, D.C., where he held a series of federal government jobs beginning with janitor and ending in the Department of the Interior's Office of Public Affairs.
In 1986, after retiring from Interior, Thomas challenged incumbent William Spaulding for the Ward 5 council seat in the Democratic primary and won. During his tenure in office he was known as a ward boss more focused on providing constituent services than sponsoring legislation.
Thomas's son, Harry Thomas, Jr., was elected to the Ward 5 council seat in 2006 and served until resigning in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="18589473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589473" title="Studienzentrum Weikersheim">
Studienzentrum Weikersheim

Studienzentrum Weikersheim (Weikersheim Think Tank) is a conservative and christian democratic German political think tank, that was founded in 1979 by Hans Filbinger, Helmut Metzner and others on Schloss Weikersheim in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="18589479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589479" title="V.61">
V.61

ITU V.61 is a standard for Analog Simultaneous Voice and Data (ASVD), a MODEM related standard for use over a POTS line or leased line.
The V.61 Standard can be downloaded free of charge in several languages. 

</doc>
<doc id="18589481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589481" title="Sri Lanka at the 1998 Commonwealth Games">
Sri Lanka at the 1998 Commonwealth Games

The 1998 Commonwealth Games were Sri Lanka's 11th appearance in the Commonwealth Games. Sri Lanka won two medals and were ranked 27th on the medal table.

</doc>
<doc id="18589482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589482" title="Backmasking">
Backmasking

Backmasking is a recording technique in which a sound or message is recorded backward onto a track that is meant to be played forward. Backmasking is a deliberate process, whereas a message found through phonetic reversal may be unintentional.
Backmasking was popularised by the Beatles, who used backward instrumentation on their 1966 album "Revolver". Artists have since used backmasking for artistic, comedic and satiric effect, on both analogue and digital recordings. The technique has also been used to censor words or phrases for "clean" releases of explicit songs.
Backmasking has been a controversial topic in the United States since the 1980s, when allegations from Christian groups of its use for Satanic purposes were made against prominent rock musicians, leading to record-burning protests and proposed anti-backmasking legislation by state and federal governments.
History.
Development.
In 1877, Thomas Edison invented the phonograph, a device allowing sound to be recorded and reproduced on a rotating cylinder with a stylus (or "needle") attached to a diaphragm mounted at the narrow end of a horn. Emile Berliner invented the familiar lateral-cut disc phonograph record in 1888. His design overtook the Edison phonograph in the 1920s, partly because Berliner's patent expired in 1918, leaving others free to use his invention.
In addition to recreating recorded sounds by placing the stylus on the cylinder or disc and rotating it in the same direction as during the recording, one could hear different sounds by rotating the cylinder or disc backwards. In 1878, Edison noted that, when played backwards, "the song is still melodious in many cases, and some of the strains are sweet and novel, but altogether different from the song reproduced in the right way". The backwards playing of records was advised as training for magicians by occultist Aleister Crowley, who suggested in his 1913 book "Magick (Book 4)" that an adept "train himself to think backwards by external means", one of which was to "listen to phonograph records, reversed."
The 1950s saw two new developments in audio technology: the development of "musique concrète", an avant-garde form of electronic music which involves editing together fragments of natural and industrial sounds; and the concurrent spread of the use of tape recorders in recording studios. These two trends led to tape music compositions, composed on tape using techniques including reverse tape effects.
The Beatles, who incorporated the techniques of "concrète" into their recordings, were responsible for popularizing the concept of backmasking. Singer John Lennon and producer George Martin both claimed they discovered the backward recording technique during the recording of 1966's "Revolver"; specifically the album tracks "Tomorrow Never Knows" and "I'm Only Sleeping", and the single "Rain". Lennon stated that, while under the influence of marijuana, he accidentally played the tapes for "Rain" in reverse, and enjoyed the sound. The following day he shared the results with the other Beatles, and the effect was used first in the guitar solo for "Tomorrow Never Knows", and later in the coda of "Rain". According to Martin, the band had been experimenting with changing the speeds of and reversing the "Tomorrow Never Knows" tapes, and Martin got the idea of reversing Lennon's vocals and guitar, which he did with a clip from "Rain". Lennon then liked the effect and kept it. Regardless, "Rain" was the first song to feature a backmasked message: "Sunshine … Rain … When the rain comes, they run and hide their heads" (; the last line is the reversed first verse of the song).
Sayings.
The Beatles were involved in the spread of backmasking both as a recording technique and as the center of a controversy. The latter has its roots in an event in 1969, when WKNR-FM DJ Russ Gibb received a phone call from a student at Eastern Michigan University who identified himself as "Tom". The caller asked Gibb about a rumor that Beatle Paul McCartney had died, and claimed that the Beatles song "Revolution 9" contained a backward message confirming the rumor. Gibb played the song backwards on his turntable, and heard "Turn me on, dead man … turn me on, dead man … turn me on, dead man…" (). Gibb began telling his listeners about what he called "The Great Cover-up", and to the original clue were added various others, including the alleged backmasked message "Paul is a dead man, miss him, miss him, miss him", in "I'm So Tired". The "Paul is dead" rumor popularized the idea of backmasking in popular music.
After Gibb's show, many more songs were found to contain phrases that sounded like known spoken languages when reversed. Initially, the search was done mostly by fans of rock music; but, in the late 1970s, during the rise of the Christian right in the United States, fundamentalist Christian groups began to claim that backmasked messages could bypass the conscious mind and reach the subconscious, where they would be unknowingly accepted by the listener. In 1981, Christian DJ Michael Mills began stating on Christian radio programs that Led Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven" contained hidden messages that were heard by the subconscious. In early 1982, the Trinity Broadcasting Network's Paul Crouch hosted a show with self-described neuroscientist William Yarroll, who argued that rock stars were cooperating with the Church of Satan to place hidden subliminal messages on records. Also in 1982, fundamentalist Christian pastor Gary Greenwald held public lectures on dangers of backmasking, along with at least one mass record-smashing. During the same year, thirty North Carolina teenagers, led by their pastor, claimed that singers had been possessed by Satan, who used their voices to create backward messages, and held a record-burning at their church.
Allegations of demonic backmasking were also made by social psychologists, parents and critics of rock music, as well as the Parents Music Resource Center (formed in 1985), which accused Led Zeppelin of using backmasking to promote Satanism. On the April 28, 1982 edition of the CBS Evening News, Dan Rather discussed the finding of possible backmasked messages, and played reversed sections of songs by Led Zeppelin, Electric Light Orchestra, and Styx.
Legislation.
One result of the furore was the firing of five radio DJs who had encouraged listeners to search for backward messages in their record collections. A more serious consequence was legislation by the state governments of Arkansas and California. The 1983 California bill was introduced to prevent backmasking that "can manipulate our behavior without our knowledge or consent and turn us into disciples of the Antichrist". Involved in the discussion on the bill was a California State Assembly Consumer Protection and Toxic Materials Committee hearing, during which "Stairway to Heaven" was played backwards, and William Yaroll testified. The successful bill made the distribution of records with undeclared backmasking an invasion of privacy for which the distributor could be sued. The Arkansas law passed unanimously in 1983, referenced albums by The Beatles, Pink Floyd, Electric Light Orchestra, Queen and Styx, and mandated that records with backmasking include a warning sticker: "Warning: This record contains backward masking which may be perceptible at a subliminal level when the record is played forward." However, the bill was returned to the state senate by Governor Bill Clinton and defeated. House Resolution 6363, introduced in 1982 by Representative Bob Dornan (R-California), proposed mandating a similar label; the bill was referred to the Subcommittee on Commerce, Transportation and Tourism and was never passed. Government action was also called for in the legislatures of Texas and Canada.
With the advent of Compact Discs in the 1980s, but prior to the advent of sound editing technology for personal computers in the 1990s, it became more difficult to listen to recordings backwards, and the controversy died down.
Resurgence.
Though the backmasking controversy peaked in the 1980s, the general belief in subliminal manipulation became more widespread in the United States during the following decade, with belief in Satanic backmasking on records persisting into the 1990s. At the same time, the development of sound editing software with audio reversal features simplified the process of reversing audio, which previously could only be done with full fidelity using a professional tape recorder. The Sound Recorder utility, included with Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 to Windows XP, allows one-click audio reversal, as does popular open source sound editing software Audacity. Following the growth of the Internet, backmasked message searchers used such software to create websites featuring backward music samples, which became a widely used method of exploring backmasking in popular music.
In January 2014, the first backmasked video was released as part of a Grammy Awards promotional campaign. A customized video player allowed the user to watch a piece of film accompanied by a music soundtrack both forwards and backwards. The backwards content contained a hidden visual story and the words 'music unleashes you' embedded into the reversed audio track.
Use.
Backmasking has been used as a recording technique since the 1960s. In the era of magnetic tape sound recording, backmasking required that the source reel-to-reel tape actually be played backwards, which was achieved by first being wound onto the original takeup reel, then reversing the reels so as to use that reel as the source (this would reverse the stereo channels as well). Digital audio recording has greatly simplified the process.
Backmasked words are unintelligible noise when played forward, but when played backwards are clear speech. Listening to backmasked audio with most turntables requires disengaging the drive and rotating the album by hand in reverse (though some can play records backwards). With magnetic tape, the tape must be reversed and spliced back in to the cassette. Compact discs were difficult to reverse when first introduced, but digital audio editors, which were first introduced in the late 1980s and became popular during the next decade, allow easy reversal of audio from digital sources.
Satanic backmasking.
In the 1973 film "The Exorcist", a tape of noises from the possessed victim was discovered to contain a message when the tape was played backwards. This scene might have inspired subsequent copycat musical effects.
Although the Satanic backmasking controversy involved mainly classic rock songs, whose authors denied any intent to promote Satanism, backmasking has been used by heavy metal bands to deliberately insert messages in their lyrics or imagery. Bands have utilized Satanic imagery for commercial reasons. For example, thrash metal band Slayer included at the start of the band's 1985 album "Hell Awaits" a deep backmasked voice chanting "Join Us" over and over.(). However, Slayer vocalist Tom Araya states that the band's use of Satanic imagery was "solely for effect". Cradle of Filth, another band that has employed Satanic imagery, released a song entitled "Dinner at Deviant's Palace", consisting almost entirely of unusual sounds and a reversed reading of the Lord's Prayer (a backwards reading of the Lord's Prayer is reportedly a major part of the Black Mass). Seattle-based grunge band Soundgarden parodied the phenomenon of Satanic backmasking on their 1989 album "Ultramega OK". When played backwards, the songs "665" and "667" reveal a song about Santa Claus.
Marilyn Manson used this way to hide subliminal messages. For example, in the beginning of his song "Tourniquet" when played backwards, his voice is heard saying "This is my lowest point of vulnerability" as explained in his book The Long Hard Road Out of Hell.
Some satanic backmasked messages are heard, but later confirmed false. Rihanna's "Diamonds" from her eighth studio album "Unapologetic" was said to contain backmasked messages, including "He's my Hindu, he's Satan, Lucifer, He's Eros, hail Satanism, I love Lucifer". These have been confirmed false.
Aesthetic use.
Backmasking is often used for aesthetics, i.e., to enhance the meaning or sound of a track. During the Judas Priest subliminal message trial, lead singer Rob Halford admitted to recording the words "In the dead of the night, love bites" backwards into the track "Love Bites", from the 1984 album "Defenders of the Faith". Asked why he recorded the message, Halford stated that "When you're composing songs, you're always looking for new ideas, new sounds." Stanley Kubrick used "Masked Ball", an adaptation by Jocelyn Pook of her earlier work "Backwards Priests" (from the album Flood) featuring reversed Romanian chanting, as the background music for the masquerade ball scene in "Eyes Wide Shut". At the end of Before I Forget by Slipknot, lead singer Corey Taylor's voice can be heard saying "...You're wasting it" which is in reference to how Rick Rubin, the producer of their album , wanted Taylor to change the chorus vocal melody because he felt it wasn't catchy; however, Taylor stood his ground and the chorus stayed unchanged.
One backmasking technique is to reverse an earlier part of a song. Missy Elliott used this technique in one of her songs, "Work It", as did Jay Chou ("You Can Hear", from "Ye Hui Mei"), At the Drive-In ("300 MHz", from "Vaya"), and Lacuna Coil ("Self Deception", from "Comalies"). A related technique is to reverse an entire instrumental track. John Lennon originally wanted to do so with "Rain", but objections by producer George Martin and bandmate Paul McCartney cut the backward section to 30 seconds. The Stone Roses have made heavy use of this technique in songs including "Don't Stop", "Guernica", and "Simone", which are all backwards versions of other Stone Roses tracks, sometimes overdubbed with new vocals. Meanwhile, Klaatu used the reversed vocals from "Anus of Uranus" (from their first album, "") as the vocals for the song "Silly Boys" (on their third album, "Sir Army Suit"). The lyrics for "Silly Boys" on the lyric sheet from "Sir Army Suit" are accordingly printed backwards. And Danish band Mew's 2009 album "No More Stories..." contains a track, "New Terrain", which, when listened to in reverse, reveals a new song, entitled "Nervous".
Artists often use backmasking of sounds or instrumental audio to produce interesting sound effects. One such sound effect is the reverse echo. When done on tape, such use of backmasking is known as "reverse tape effects". One example is Matthew Sweet's 1999 album "In Reverse", which includes reversed guitar parts which were played directly onto a tape running in reverse. For live concerts, the guitar parts were played live on stage using a backward emulator. The French House group Daft Punk released a song called "Funk Ad," which is a section of their single, "Da Funk," played backwards.
On the eponymous album "Crosby, Stills & Nash", Stephen Stills' lead guitar in "Pre-road Downs" is heard in reverse through the entirety of the track.
Humorous and parody messages.
A common use of backmasking is hiding a comedic or parodical message backwards in a song. The B-side of the 1966 Napoleon XIV single "They're Coming to Take Me Away, Ha-Haaa!" is a reversed version of the entire forwards record, entitled "!aaaH-aH ,yawA eM ekaT oT gnimoC er'yehT". It reached #3 in the US charts, and #4 in the UK.
WWE wrestler Al Snow had a theme song that had backmasking in it. The song was mostly instrumental, but at one point a clearly audible voice can be heard saying a line of gibberish. When the song is played backward, the gibberish is actually saying "I AM IN CONTROL." The message played on Al Snow's character as an unstable mad man.
Pink Floyd dropped a backmasked message into "Empty Spaces":
The first line may refer to former lead singer Syd Barrett, who is thought to have suffered a nervous breakdown years earlier. Though, the first known instance of Pink Floyd having a backwards message is on the song Bike. When played backward, it produces a nonsense poem.
In "Weird Al" Yankovic's "Nature Trail to Hell", from 1984's ""Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D", Yankovic's backmasked voice declares that "Satan eats Cheez Whiz" (). Another early example can be found on the J. Geils Band track "No Anchovies, Please", from 1980s album "Love Stinks". The message, disguised as a foreign-sounding language spoken under the narration, is, "It doesn't take a genius to tell the difference between chicken shit and chicken salad."
Belgian act Poésie Noire included a satirical backmasked message on their 1988 album "Tetra" saying "You fucking asshole, play the record in the normal way". Tenacious D includes the backmasked message "Eat Donkey Crap" at the end of "Karate" from their self-titled first album.
Electric Light Orchestra and Styx, following their involvement in the 1980s backmasking controversy, released songs that parody the allegations made against them. ELO, after being accused of Satanic backmasking on their 1974 album "Eldorado", included backmasked messages in two songs on their next album, 1975's "Face The Music". "Down Home Town" begins with a voice twice repeating (in reverse) "Face the mighty waterfall". And the opening instrumental "Fire On High" contains the backmasked message "The music is reversible, but time is not. Turn back! Turn back! Turn back! Turn back!" (). In 1983 ELO released an entire album, "Secret Messages", in response to the controversy. Among the many backmasked messages on the album are: "Welcome to the big show" (2x); "Thank you for listening"; "Look out there's danger ahead"; "Hup two three four"; "Time After Time"; and "You're playing me backwards". Styx also released an album in response to allegations of Satanic backmasking: 1983's "Kilroy Was Here", which deals with an allegorical group called the "Majority for Musical Morality" that outlaws rock music. A sticker on the album cover contains the message, "By order of the Majority for Musical Morality, this album contains secret backward messages", and the song "Heavy Metal Poisoning" does in fact contain the backmasked Latin words ""Annuit cœptis, Novus ordo seclorum"" (" has favored our undertakings; a new order for the ages")—part of the Great Seal which encircles the pyramid on the back of the American dollar bill.
Iron Maiden's 1983 album "Piece of Mind" features a short backwards message, included by the band in response to allegations of Satanism that were surrounding them at the time. Between the songs "The Trooper" and "Still Life" is inebriated drummer Nicko McBrain doing an impression of Idi Amin Dada: "'What ho', sed de t'ing wid de t'ree bonce the thing with the three heads. Don't meddle wid t'ings you don't understand," followed by a belch. Prince's controversial song "Darling Nikki" includes the backmasked message, "Hello, how are you? I am fine, because I know that the Lord is coming soon." The Waitresses' 1982 EP "I Could Rule the World if I Could Only Get the Parts" included a backwards masking warning on the cover and a message masked within the song "The Smartest Person I Know": "Anyone who believes in backwards masking is a fool."
Some messages chastise or poke fun at the listener who is playing the song backwards. One such message was included by "Weird Al" Yankovic in "I Remember Larry", from the 1996 album "Bad Hair Day", on which Yankovic lightly chastises the listener with the backmasked remark, "Wow, must have an awful lot of free time on your hands" (). Similarly, the B-52's song "Detour Through your Mind", from the 1986 LP "Bouncing off the Satellites", contains the message, "I buried my parakeet in the backyard. Oh no, you're playing the record backwards. Watch out, you might ruin your needle." Meanwhile, Christian rock group Petra included in their song "Judas Kiss", from the 1982 album "More Power to Ya", the message, "What are you looking for the devil for, when you ought to be looking for the Lord?" Bloodhound Gang's 1996 controversy-begging track "Lift Your Head Up High (And Blow Your Brains Out)" mocked the Judas Priest controversy directly, and included the backmasked phrase "Devil child, wake up and eat Chef Boyardee Beefaroni". The band Mindless Self Indulgence released a song titled "Backmaskwarning!", which contains the forward lyrics "Play that record backwards / Here's a message yo for the suckas / Play that record backwards / And go fuck yourself". The backwards messages in the song include, "clean your room", "do your homework", "don't stay out too late", and "eat your vegetables".
Backmasking was also parodied in a 2001 episode of the television series "The Simpsons" entitled "New Kids on the Blecch." Bart Simpson joins a boy band called the Party Posse, whose song "Drop Da Bomb" includes the repeated lyric "Yvan eht nioj." Lisa Simpson becomes suspicious and plays the song backward, revealing the backmasked message "Join the Navy", which leads her to realize that the boy band was created as a subliminal recruiting tool for the United States Navy.
Critical or explicit messages.
Backmasking has also been used to record statements perhaps too critical or explicit to be used forwards. Frank Zappa used backmasking to avoid censorship of the track "Hot Poop", from "We're Only in It for the Money" (1968). The released version contains at the end of its side "A" the backmasked message "Better look around before you say you don't care. / Shut your f...ing mouth 'bout the length of my hair. / How would you survive / If you were alive / shitty little person?" This profanity-laced verse, originally from the song "Mother People", was censored by Verve Records, so Zappa edited the verse out, reversed it, and inserted it elsewhere in the album as "Hot Poop" (though even in the backward message the word "fucking" is censored). Another example is found in Roger Waters' 1991 album "Amused to Death", on which Waters recorded a backward message, possibly critical of film director Stanley Kubrick, who had refused to let Waters sample a breathing sound from "". The message appears in the song "Perfect Sense Part 1", in which Waters' backmasked voice says, "Julia, however, in light and visions of the issues of Stanley, we have changed our minds. We have decided to include a backward message, Stanley, for you and all the other book burners."
Censorship.
A further use of backmasking is to censor words and phrases deemed inappropriate on radio edits and "clean" album releases. For example, The Fugees' clean version of the album "The Score" contains various backmasked profanities; thus, when playing the album backwards, the censored words are clearly audible among the backward gibberish. When used with the word "shit", this type of backmasking results in a sound similar to "ish". As a result, "ish" became a euphemism for "shit".
In Britney Spears' 2011 song "Till The World Ends", Spears says "if you want this good shit". However, on the official version, "shit" is reversed, creating the "ish" sound; therefore, the official version says "if you want this good ish". Backmasking is also used to censor the word "joint" in the video for "You Don't Know How It Feels" by Tom Petty, resulting in the line "Let's roll another tnioj".
Accusations.
Artists who have been accused of backmasking include Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, Pink Floyd, Electric Light Orchestra, Queen, Styx, Judas Priest, The Eagles, The Rolling Stones, Jefferson Starship, AC/DC, Black Oak Arkansas, Rush, Britney Spears, and Eminem.
Electric Light Orchestra was accused of hiding a backward Satanic message in their 1974 album "Eldorado". The title track, "Eldorado", was said to contain the message "He is the nasty one / Christ, you're infernal / It is said we're dead men / Everyone who has the mark will live." ELO singer and songwriter Jeff Lynne responded by calling this accusation (and the related charge of being "devil-worshippers") "skcollob", and stating that the message "is absolutely manufactured by whoever said, 'That's what it said.' It doesn't say anything of the sort." The group included several backward messages in later albums in response to the accusations.
In 1981, Styx was accused of putting the backward message "Satan move through our voices" () on the song "Snowblind", from "Paradise Theatre". Guitarist James Young called these charges "rubbish," and responded, "If we want to make a statement, we'll do it in a way that people can understand us and not in a way where you have to go out and buy a $400 tape player to understand us." In 1983, the band released a concept album, "Kilroy Was Here", satirizing the Moral Majority.
A well-known alleged message is found in rock group Led Zeppelin's 1971 song "Stairway to Heaven". The backwards playing of a portion of the song purportedly results in words beginning with "Here's to my sweet Satan" (). Swan Song Records issued a statement to the contrary: "Our turntables only play in one direction—forwards." Led Zeppelin vocalist Robert Plant denied the accusations in an interview: "To me it's very sad, because 'Stairway To Heaven' was written with every best intention, and as far as reversing tapes and putting messages on the end, that's not my idea of making music." Another widely known alleged message, "It's fun to smoke marijuana," in Queen's song "Another One Bites the Dust", is similarly disclaimed by the group's spokesperson.
Subliminal persuasion.
Fundamentalist Christian groups.
Various fundamentalist Christian groups have declared that Satan—or Satan-influenced musicians—use backmasked messages to subliminally alter behavior. Pastor Gary Greenwald claimed that subliminal messages backmasked into rock music induce listeners towards sex and drug use. Minister Jacob Aranza wrote in his 1982 book "Backward Masking Unmasked" that rock groups "are using backmasking to convey satanic and drug related messages to the subconscious." Christian DJ Michael Mills argued in 1981 that "the subconscious mind is being successfully affected by the repetition of beat and lyrics—being affected through a subliminal message." Mills has toured America warning Christian parents about subliminal messages in rock music.
Some Christian websites have claimed that backmasking is widely used for Satanic purposes. The web page for Alabama group Dial-the-Truth Ministries argues for the existence of Satanic backmasking in "Stairway to Heaven", saying that the song contains the backward message, "It's my sweet Satan ... Oh I will sing because I live with Satan."
PMRC.
In 1985, Dr. Joe Stuessy testified to the United States Congress at the Parents Music Resource Center hearings that:
The message a piece of heavy metal music may also be covert or subliminal. Sometimes subaudible tracks are mixed in underneath other, louder tracks. These are heard by the subconscious but not the conscious mind. Sometimes the messages are audible but are backward, called backmasking. There is disagreement among experts regarding the effectiveness of subliminals. We need more research on that.
Stuessy's written testimony stated that:
Some messages are presented to the listener backwards. While listening to a normal forward message (often somewhat nonsensical), one is simultaneously being treated to a backwards message (in other words, the lyric sounds like one set of words going forward, and a different set of words going backwards). Some experts believe that while the conscious mind is absorbing the forward lyric, the subconscious is working overtime to decipher the backwards message.
Court cases.
Serial killer Richard Ramirez, on trial in 1988, stated that AC/DC's music, and specifically the song "Night Prowler" on "Highway to Hell", inspired him to commit murder. Reverse speech advocate David John Oates claimed that "Highway to Hell", on the same album, contains backmasked messages including "I'm the law", "my name is Lucifer", and "she belongs in hell". AC/DC's Angus Young responded that "you didn't need to play album backwards, because we never hid messages. We'd call an album "Highway To Hell", there it was right in front of them."
In 1990, British heavy metal band Judas Priest was sued over a suicide pact made by two young men in Nevada. The lawsuit by their families claimed that the 1978 Judas Priest album "Stained Class" contained hidden messages, including the forward subliminal words "Do it" in the song "Better By You, Better Than Me" (a cover version of a Spooky Tooth song), and various backward subliminal messages. The case was dismissed by the judge for insufficient evidence of Judas Priest's placement of subliminal messages on the record, and the judge's ruling stated that "The scientific research presented does not establish that subliminal stimuli, even if perceived, may precipitate conduct of this magnitude. There exist other factors which explain the conduct of the deceased independent of the subliminal stimuli." Judas Priest members commented that if they wanted to insert subliminal commands in their music, messages leading to the deaths of their fans would be counterproductive, and they would prefer to insert the command "Buy more of our records."
Skepticism.
Skeptic Michael Shermer claims that the emergence of the "Paul is dead" phenomenon, including the alleged message at the end of "I'm So Tired", was caused by faulty perception of a pattern. Shermer argues that the human brain evolved with a strong pattern recognition ability that was necessary to process the large amount of noise in man's environment, but that today this ability leads to false positives. Stanford University psychology professor Brian Wandell postulates that the observance of backward messages is a mistake arising from this pattern recognition facility, and argues that subliminal persuasion theories are "bizarre" and "implausible." Rumors of backmasking in popular music have been described as auditory pareidolia. James Walker, president of Christian research group Watchman Fellowship, states that "You could take a Christian hymn, and if you played it backwards long enough at different speeds, you could make that hymn say anything you want to"; Led Zeppelin publicist BP Fallon concurs, saying "Play anything backwards, and you'll find something." Eric Borgos of audio reversal website talkbackwards.com states that "Mathematically, if you listen long enough, eventually you'll find a pattern", while Jeff Milner of backmasking site jeffmilner.com recounts, "Most people, when I show them the site, say that they're not able to hear anything, until, of course, I show them the reverse lyrics."
Audio engineer Evan Olcott claims that messages by artists including Queen and Led Zeppelin are coincidental phonetic reversals, in which the spoken or sung phonemes form new combinations of words when listened to backwards. Olcott states that "Actually engineering or planning a phonetic reversal is next to impossible, and even more difficult when trying to design it with words that fit into a song."
In 1985, University of Lethbridge psychologists John Vokey and J. Don Read conducted a study using Psalm 23 from the Bible, Queen's "Another One Bites the Dust", and other sound passages made up for the experiment. Vokey and Read concluded that if backmasking does exist, it is ineffective. Participants had trouble noticing backmasked phrases when the samples were played forwards, were unable to judge the types of messages (Christian, Satanic, or commercial), and were not led to behave in a certain way as a result of being exposed to the backmasked phrases. Vokey concluded that "we could find no effect of the meaning of engineered, backward messages on listeners' behaviour, either consciously or unconsciously." Similar results to Vokey and Read's were obtained by D. Averill in 1982. A 1988 experiment by T.E. Moore found "no evidence that listeners were influenced,
consciously or unconsciously, by the content of the backward messages." In 1992, an experiment found that exposure to backward messages did not lead to significant changes in attitude. Psychology professor Mark D. Allen says that "delivering subliminal messages via backward masking is totally and ridiculously impossible".
The finding of backward Satanic messages has been explained as caused by the observer-expectancy effect. The "Skeptic's Dictionary" states that "you probably won't hear messages until somebody first points them out to you. Perception is influenced by expectation and expectation is affected by what others prime you for." In 1984, S. B. Thorne and P. Himelstein found that "when vague and unfamiliar stimuli are presented, [test subjects are highly likely to accept suggestions, particularly when the suggestions are presented by someone with prestige and authority." Vokey and Read concluded from their 1985 experiment that "the apparent presence of backward messages in popular music is a function more of active construction on the part of the perceiver than of the existence of the messages themselves."

</doc>
<doc id="18589498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589498" title="Terrill">
Terrill

Terrill is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="18589503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589503" title="KROQ-FM">
KROQ-FM

KROQ-FM (106.7 FM) — branded 106.7 KROQ — is a commercial modern rock radio station licensed to Pasadena, California serving the Greater Los Angeles area. The call sign is pronounced "kay rock." It is the flagship station of "Loveline" hosted by Dr. Drew Pinsky, and "The Kevin and Bean Morning Show". The station has studios at the intersection of Venice Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue in the Westside region of the city of Los Angeles northwest of the Mid-City section, and the transmitter is based in the Verdugo Mountains.
History.
KPPC.
Originally, 106.7 FM was KPPC-FM, owned by the Pasadena Presbyterian Church. They broadcast religious programming with a co-owned AM station. As the church encountered difficulties operating the stations, they sold the two stations to an outside company, Crosby-Avery Broadcasting, with the church retaining the right to broadcast its services over both stations. Until 1969, the station still broadcast from the basement of the church.
In 1967, Tom and Raechel Donahue created a freeform progressive rock format at co-owned KMPX in San Francisco. KMPX became a big success, and in 1968, the Donahues were sent to Pasadena to introduce the format to the ailing KPPC-FM.
The following year, after a few bounced paychecks, dress code regulations, and other rules changes, The Donahues and the disc jockeys at both KMPX and KPPC walked out on the stations in what was called by some at the time as "The Great Hippie Strike." The former KMPX and KPPC staffers were later hired at Metromedia-owned KSAN in San Francisco and KMET in Los Angeles. KPPC hired new staffers and kept the freeform format, though they floundered for several years following the strike. In 1969, the two stations were sold to the National Science Network.
In April 1970, the studios were moved out of the church basement. In September of that year, the FM transmitter was moved to Flint Peak, a mountaintop adjacent to Pasadena, and the station's power was significantly upgraded.
KROQ AM and KROQ-FM.
Country music station KBBQ (1500 AM) in Burbank became KROQ in September 1972, changing its format to Top-40 and hiring established disc jockeys from other stations. The new KROQ called itself the "ROQ of Los Angeles". In 1973 KROQ's owners bought the struggling KPPC-FM from National Science Network, which was forced by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to sell their stations due to compliance issues, changed the calls to KROQ-FM and hired Shadoe Stevens to create a new rock format described as high energy "all-cutting-edge-rock-all-the-time" and began simulcasting as "The ROQs of L.A.: Mother Rock!" (KPPC (AM) was sold to Universal Broadcasting, and remained on the air with its limited-schedule of Wednesday evening and Sunday operation until subsequent owners took the station — by then, KBLV — off the air permanently in 1996.)
The two stations were wildly successful initially with the new format, but poor money management by the general managers resulted in more bounced paychecks, and in 1974, Shadoe quit and the entire staff walked out, shutting the stations down. In 1976, the FCC ordered KROQ to return to the airwaves or surrender the stations' licenses. With barebones equipment, KROQ returned to the airwaves, broadcasting initially from the transmitter location, followed by a penthouse suite in the Pasadena Hilton Hotel, then across the street from the Hilton (117 S. Los Robles). At that time, Shadoe Stevens was re-hired as a programming consultant and air personality with others like Los Angeles radio legends "The Obscene" Steven Clean and Frazer Smith. At this time Rodney Bingenheimer also joined the station introducing many new and local bands, including The Sex Pistols, The Ramones and The Runaways on his Sunday night show.
The management of KROQ once again had problems maintaining payroll, and the staffers again quit, taking all of the station's records with them. Bingenheimer was the only one who stayed. KROQ scrambled to find new air personalities. One of the new on-air talents was Jed Gould, aka Jed the Fish, who was with the station from 1978 until late 2012. Around this time, the owners pared down to one station when they sold the weak-signalled KROQ AM, which switched to an ethnic format briefly, then went off the air in 1986 when the new owners lost their lease on the property where the transmitting towers were located. 
By 1978, new wave and punk rock were becoming increasingly popular, and KROQ started adding more of it to their freeform format. Shadoe Stevens once again left the station and Rick Carroll took over as program director in late 1979 and took the new music and combined it with a Top 40 formatic structure. Subsequently, KROQ became an even greater success. The "Rock of the Eighties" was born. 
The station still mixed the new music of the Talking Heads and Blondie with established artists such as The Rolling Stones, AC/DC and Lynyrd Skynyrd, but by 1982, the station was full-fledged modern rock.
The station's proximity to Hollywood and the Los Angeles punk rock scene gave it a unique place in the development of the new wave and alternative rock genres, and KROQ quickly became one of the most influential radio stations in broadcast history, particularly when Carroll, as a consultant, took the "Rock of the 80s" format to other stations, including 91X in San Diego, KYYX in Seattle and The Quake in San Francisco.
In 1986, KROQ was purchased at a then record $45 million by Infinity Broadcasting, which merged with CBS in 1997, and is now owned by CBS Radio.
KROQ helped to launch the careers of previously low-key Southern California bands The Offspring, The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Sublime, and No Doubt. They pride themselves on being "world famous" for their discovery of up-and-coming artists and are often the first station to promote new rock bands before their large-scale success.
KROQ today.
Originally located at 117 S. Los Robles Ave. in Pasadena, the station moved to 3500 W. Olive Ave. in Burbank in 1987 as part of the purchase agreement and to be closer to the music industry. In 2002, the station was moved to a facility at 5901 Venice Blvd. between Guthrie Avenue and Fairfax Avenue in the Crestview neighborhood in the Westside of the city of Los Angeles a few blocks south of the magnet school, Los Angeles Center for Enriched Studies on 18th Street between La Cienega Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue also in the Crestview neighborhood in the Westside of the city of Los Angeles.
Unlike most other (Class B, but with grandfathered greater than B facilities) FM stations in Los Angeles whose transmitters are atop Mount Wilson, KROQ's (Class B) transmitter is located on Tongva Peak (which replaced Flint Peak in Glendale at an altitude of 2500 ft), which results in somewhat weaker signal coverage.
In 2004, KROQ began broadcasting in HD Radio for a higher quality broadcast. On February 20, 2006, KROQ added streaming music from the radio station to its website. On June 9, 2006, KROQ launched an HD sub-carrier, KROQ HD-2, which airs new wave and alternative tracks from the 1980s which were popular during KROQ's 80's heyday (and is also branded "KROQ 2: Roq of the 80s"). This somewhat justified the dropping of the long-running Flashback Lunch, until then nearly the sole remnant of the new wave and '90s modern rock days.
In February 2010, CBS Radio, which controls the live stream, blocked access for listeners outside of the United States. Ironically, the station still uses the "World Famous KROQ" slogan to this day. 
Steve Jones, from Indie 103.1, began a Sunday night show in 2010, called "Jonesy's Jukebox" that runs from 7-9PM.
Awards.
The station was awarded Radio Station of the Year in 1992 and 1993 by Rolling Stone magazine readers poll issues.
In 2007, the station was nominated for the top 25 markets Alternative station of the year award by Radio & Records magazine. 
Other nominees included WBCN in Boston, Massachusetts, KTBZ-FM in Houston, Texas, KITS in San Francisco, California, KNDD in Seattle, Washington, and WWDC in Washington, DC.

</doc>
<doc id="18589513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=18589513" title="Ureaplasma infection">
Ureaplasma infection

Ureaplasma infection is an infection by an organism in the genus Ureaplasma, usually "Ureaplasma urealyticum".
It is a significant cause of non-gonococcal urethritis.

</doc>
